When it comes to the 2008 product from one of the largest Indian film industry (Yash Raj) production houses, then I'm afraid it's a very long time to reach the right standards. to go with this huge star cast of Anil, Akshay, Saif, and Kareen, then the film is still much explored by anyone connected with this film. The film does not include almost all departments except cinematography and Akshay Kumar. It has some good dialogues to make it possible, but that alone can not make you feel admired with enormous expectations. The first scene from a car that goes down the river from the mountain has a very cheap graphic, cartoon. This in itself was a clear indicator of the director's vision. Every actor who is otherwise a benefit to the film is simply unnecessary. Anil Kapoor's trick of trying a good English is most of the time. And Saif will surely suffocate for thinking why he signed this movie. Briefly, it is the greatest waste of resources from "JHOOM BARABAR JHOOM". I would say that even "Aaja Nachle" was a better entertaining film than that. <br /> <br /> You can not understand how and why this type of writing was written and approved. The most successful was the sequence of memories of Akshay's love storyline. After the wrong script, the film's weakest place is his music. Vishal Shekhar gave each song only a few melodies. The song starts very well and suddenly the melody drastically decreases. The only song "Falak Tak Chal" is good. The opportunity was missed by Vishal Shekhar. As for the continuity of the manufacturer's intelligence service, just the sample: Akshay and Saif are on their way in the hilly area of ​​a foreign location (presumably Ladakh). On the next scene, they are looking for Kareena in Haridwar and then back in the hills with Kareena in her car. I still think who wrote it. <br /> <br /> If you manage to sit for the last time, the peak is too long with stupid and unnecessary pieces. You can see that all the heroes who go through storm balls did not hurt as if they were GOD. Still seeing the film in 2008, which has reached all of these technical altitudes? So no more words on this pathetic and downgrade movie, but a sincere request for older actors from their fans. Dear Anil Kapoor & Akshay Kumar, If possible, ask for a preview of your movies after their first copy is out. As artists of this position, you have certain responsibilities towards your fans and viewers. People still applaud when you enter the screen in their first scenes. I think that this kind of film should not see the daylight because it hinders the rumors of everyone involved with the film, the actors and the production house.
