The summer season is here when the possibilities in cinemas are limited to what is the hottest movie of the week, given the 99.9% screen intended for its screening. Well, so I can exaggerate the percentage but you will get my drift. In addition to Hollywood, Bollywood also has its own highly anticipated blockbuster, and from some of the show trailers I've also watched. Tashan was announced as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was quite surprised by the fact that in the cinemas it was lower than low attendance. When I watched Jodh Akbar, it was a full house, but it was not for Tashan. After what I watched, I knew why. It was fun, but it was fundamentally weak. Like the literal English title, which means "style", Tashan is a style, but little substance. Not that she did not have the usual star power, but the scenes were forced, and some were ridiculously amazed, even for the Bollywood standards, I must say. This is quite surprising given that Ta'shan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I liked enormously. <br /> <br /> In his directorial tour with Tashan, while you can not miss his direction, you would probably scratch your head over the land that was at best clumsy. She tried to bring too many things into the story, although it would give you credit if it allowed you some way to the question of motivational nature, but it came a little too late and only to the final, which let you guess just a while before set into a full blown action imitating many Thai action film, with Hong Kong Wire and Hollywood sad weapons and zero resistance pistols. And in order to include everything, including a kitchen sink, a range of vehicles appears, and the one who took the cake in the rank of Dhoom 2 was a jet boat in the middle of nowhere. <br /> <br /> At best, Tashan can be used as an unintentional comedy, and it is attributed to how the star occupied with its character. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, a call center manager who teaches English as a platform for fishing for new girlfriend material. His Playboy ways become strange when he meets Poye Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly what she seems to be a humble and sweet girlfriend. She deals with Jimmy's services for her boss, gangster Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets most laugh when she speaks broken English and phrases must like how ah-beng is doing it. And to finish the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster for rent who joined Bhaiyyaji to persecute Jimmy and Pooja as they escape the money stolen from the Bahiyyaji trade. So the road starts a species trip, friends who have turned to enemies and enemies you know to become friends as a way on the road. Jimmy Cliff is probably the most unlikely of all because he goes from scratch to the hero and performs moves that Rambaho ​​will hurt in the very near future, which is quite faint. Kareena Kapoor increases the sexual factor by using her spell to make men both malignant and has plenty of opportunities to do so due to the most popular bikini scenes and other costumes that boast a piercing neckline or hemline over the knee. Each character has backstories and I thought Bachchan Pandey of Akshay Kumar was probably the best, most moving and most fun of the lot, although his character looked like the non-green Incredible Hulk with his gravity jumps and power units. His wounds are also healing automatically, which makes Wolverine impressive. And the best part is his song, which is a damn alpha-man and plays in the ra-ra mode every time he takes the opponent. But sad to say, this is the only melody that is memorable, something that encourages "Bachchan-Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most of the Bollywood films I watch, I'll mostly be able, despite obvious linguistic differences, to come out of screenings that make a stupid melody or two. After Tashan I could not do it because the songs were unfortunately not catchy at all. Usually the singing / dancing routine works well in the game without having to transfer characters from the current scene or place. I like it when I pull it and dig it into an extreme environment high up on the top of the mountain or on top of the jagged rocks on the beach. Tashan probably did not take too seriously, but he came from Vijay Krishna's story of Achary, you probably wanted something a little more decent than ridiculous, and continuity a little more cautious. Going like a jerk, now I can begin to understand why the crowds have avoided this. Despite the fact that Akshay Kumr stole the show, Tashan could be better overall.
