Tashan - the name itself explains the nature of the film. This type of movies is actually created for the flop. What a shame that Yash Raj Films produces such films is worthless than C-rated movies. Or even some C-movies have a better and more pleasant story than Tashan. The very encouraging and convincingly promoted Tashan badly bombed the box office he deserved. In my opinion, it is the worst film ever made from the honorable banner Yash Raj Films. How did they handle such a tough project to Vijay Krišnov Acharya, who has no real feeling of doing anything? He tried to imitate Sanjay Gadhvi's ways like Dhoom, but he eventually suffered. Action scenes are rather than comic movies or movies designed to exhaust audiences. The story also loses the sense and fabrics to gently win the hearts of the audience. In most scenes, Anil Kapoor reminds me of the South Tamil Rajnikant in his body language and verbal expressions. I'm not a fan of either Saif or Akshay, but the price of Kareena should eventually go to Saif's hand instead of Akshay. Right from the beginning, I expected it, but in the end I did not like the top truth. Saif is the mainstay of the adventure, while Akshay joins the center. In each film, the finalists should be judged on the whole of the story, and the prize or reward should be given to a person who deserves recognition. Tashan will lose and unexpectedly failed to become a hit. Akshay has nothing new to show his comedic talent, but he still recalls his previous films. He has to seriously create a new image for the fans, which would impress them again and again. Meanwhile, Saif has done a great job in Race, and now he has returned to his film in his merciful nature. But he fully developed in the actor's field. And finally Kareena. It looks really hot with a bikini dress that some people complain when it gets too slim. But I do not mean it myself, instead it has become slim. Yes, thin! it is a good factor for a woman who attracts the main people (or, let's say, men). Besides them, it is nice that Safif's son Ibrahim appears at the beginning and lastly as a young Saif. I hope he will also lean forward to the goal of acting as his career. Those who love this Tashan are either mentally immature or still want to return to their childhood or say they want to be admitted to a home. Thumbs down to Vijay's debut film debut Krishna Acharya, who wrongly designed Yash Raj Films. In the future, he should experiment and study the script for at least 5 years before going into the practical directions. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry I do not like being a good star on this type of junk movies.
