Masters of Horror: The Screwfly solution begins when America is infected with an airborne virus that affects the male population, when excitement men kill any woman in sight apparently in the name of God. Alan's scientist (Jasn Priestley) brings the government and knows more than most senses that the situation may have gone too far, so she tells her wife Anna (Kerry Norton) to take her teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) to survive because the future human race can depend on them ... This Canadian American co-production was an episode of Seven of Season 2 series Masters of Horrror TV directed by Joe Dante. I thought Screwfly Solution was pretty bad. Personally, I think the Sam Hamm scenario is angry, take too seriously, and I do not really understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror the filmmakers are making in The Screwfly Solution is in a real story alone, and the themes and ideas bring it rather than on the visual horror screen, especially the thin ecological message that sees the intention of compressing our throat whenever it gets a chance during a short 60 minute runtime that I felt like a problem just as it ends up from what can easily be interpreted as a necessity rather than any meaningful attempt about packing things. I was not happy with the story, if men only killed when they woke up sexually, why would the airliner unintentionally break the woman's neck on the plane? He was sexually excited, I think not. Why does every guy think he's killing in the name of God? I just do not see that every person on earth who suddenly knew the Bible and started to believe in God, I just found this mourning ridiculous, and the show also makes it clear that there is nothing religious about what is going on and what is the deal with everyone, divine to murder every woman she sees? Then is the fact that people are being switched on by different things, such as gays? Do they kill boys instead of women? I know there is a short scene that makes a joke from homosexuals, but it's comfortably brushed on one side, and then there's the thing that upset me most. The fact that every guy in the world has lost a psycho and killed all the women they do in their day-to-day business as if nothing happened, it just seemed stupid, conspiracy is garbage, and the turning of things is the end that looks as if it were from 1993 to 2002) with a clear neon stranger. Director Dante definitely does not like Master of Horror as far as I'm The story is bad, it's so silly that it's played by a deadly parent and instead of trying to make the right horror show, it turns into a more thriller with that , that it is a deadly virus to the free situation and the subsequent mother and daughter on the run because of it there is very little in the way of what I would call effective horror and even less gore. There is a scene when a woman is punctured with a broken bottle, a short scene after the guy throws her own weaknesses with this bottle and another woman is stabbed in her stomach but nothing else to write home about. Technically like the other episodes are really good and do not have the appearance of the left TV series, the special effects are great as usual and are well made. The game is fine, but no one really does. Screwfly Solution is perhaps the worst episode of Masters of Horror I've seen, but do not forget I have not seen ... yet. As a self-entertainment, it did nothing to me, and as a show of the so-called Master of Terror it made me even more disappointed.
