Looking at Kareen Kapoor in a two-piece bikini is the only thing that will awaken you from sleep while watching Tashan? this weekend, the cinema appeared a mega-disappointing and disturbing new film. Bad films are bad movies, and some are seen every week, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a terrible movie. It's terrible because it's self-evident, it's also horrible because the creators expect to get away without conspiracy or any common sense simply because they have big movie stars on board. Written and directed by Vijay Kṛṣṇa Acharya, Tashan is describing it as a road movie, but the one who goes wrong. Saif Ali Khan plays as Jimmy Cliff, a call center manager who is hired to teach English in Bhaiyyaji - that's Anil Kapoor, who plays an ambitious UP gangster and desperately cools down. Jimmy has a look at Poojo, a young gangster assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who uses Jimmy to cheat the head of 25 crowns with rupees. Resolved to recover his money and to punish both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted follower to do his job. So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, a faithful gangster assistant from Kanpur, who follows the culprits and recovers stolen money that is hidden along the entire length and breadth of the earth. Like the bad eighty divers, Tashan is also held together by a hidden scenario focused on the vendetta graph. But the treatment is so exaggerated, so kind that it can not make any connections. Instead of a coherent scenario or a traditional structure of three events, you get a handful of sets around which most scenes are loosely built. The splendid song in the desert, Rajasthan's action scene scene, Kareeen's bikini moment, even a ridiculous climate scene, complemented by Shaolin monks, a water scooter diving in a dirty navy, and believe it or not, even a ninso-style horse-driven tongue. In all fairs, all of these songs are not badly done - the song song in the desert is pretty clean - but very little of it makes sense in a bigger picture because it simply goes from one piece to the other without any help to the script really. Do not you think that in a seemingly fast road movie you will find an incredibly sentimental flashback footprint on baby pets. You see a problem with Tashan that no one with this movie ever knew what the film was doing. What's more, I do not think they would be talking about it - the film is a violent arrogance. Arbitrary packaging in the elements of each genre, without actually bothering to stop and see if the mixture works, is Tashan like a cooked goulash. There are the movies that kill you silently, and then there's Tashan, a movie that kills you with surplus. Packed tastefully with the camera's glossy surface, exotic locations, and fancy costumes, every film of the movie is likely to come together but eventually it feels like a hollow piece because the story does not work. The borrowing of Tarantino narratives and Stephen Chow's style does not help even because they are not allowed to mix with a slice of thin film. You may have complained a little less if the characters were much more fun, but Anil Kapoor's frayed Hinglish dialogue makes you wrist cut, and Saif Ali Khan goes through the movie stupidly, unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor, meanwhile, the Queen of Superior Delivery, does a decent job. Of course, if Tashan is saved to some extent, it is thanks to the irresistible presence of Akshaya Kumara and his spontaneous approach to character. You shoot when repeatedly bending your crotch, and you'll get pissed when you get the double meaningful dialogs, but not for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when it's up there. Despite all the good music from Vishal-Shekhara, the song seems to prolong your suffering. Well, that's because Tashan is the test of your patience. In case you did not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry this movie has none.
