Superman II - Richard Donner Cut should be a dream come true. Finally, only the photos and scenes that existed only on the printed page appear. A director who was not able to finish his vision would have the opportunity to restore his vision. It looks like a winning situation. And then you start watching this set of shots and realize that this "esoteric dream" is a very true nightmare of affection and incompetence. While it is quite possible that no film could compete with the perfect perfection that each of us has imagined over the years, it really should be absolutely exciting to finally see this project. And it's very little. <br /> <br /> You know things are awful when the first onscreen looks like home computer graphics. But then we'll start seeing new shots (Superman movie replacements) and the first bit of hesitation will disappear. Hey, that's nice! Things are fine in these few summer moments until we see STM shots mixed with new effects for this project, and it does not convince it. And from that moment on, it will never leave. It's probably not right to judge the film due to bad visual effects, but if it's a direct promise to a movie whose line is "You'll Believe that You Can Fly," it's hard to believe what's on the screen. The best effects are from the original productions. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this redraw. Much of it does not make sense. The only reason why any of them really works is that we all saw the theatrical version of Superman II, a movie that makes sense. Lester Superman II fills the holes in this kit. Part of this may be because Donner was unable to complete the shooting, the second part could be because the creators of the project were interested in using as little Lester's material as possible. What we're done with is a set of records that make it Superman IV looks airtight and coherent. Looking at it, one gets the feeling that while Lester was loyal and comfortable with the use of Donner's material, Michael Thau and his team were utterly disrespectful of anything cast by Lester. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are those that have been lifted relatively intact from the released version of Superman II. This includes the sequence of the moon and the dinner sequence, not ironically, both of them were filmed by Doner. But nothing else of the movie made by Lester is overworked in such a quick way that Lester now seems like a ham. While Lester honors Donner's material, Lester is worthy of the bus. So is there something good in this release? Well Marlon Brando is in it, and that's good to see. In fact, watching any material made by Donner is neat because it was shot at the same time as Superman - a film. This only points to the problems of this release. Any of the main scenes (really just Lois's jump and scenes with Marlon Brand) would be better served as the finished scene in the section of deleted scenes. Instead, shoes are dismantled into meaningless narratives with lower performances (many alternative shots are used from familiar scenes), careless adjustments and bad decisions. Watch the opening scene on the Planet Earth. Why are we looking at Jackie Cooper's back when he calls Lois and Clark? Why do not we go Lois to her dark apartment just to make Jackie Cooper go to the dark bathroom and turn on the lights? I was initially bewildered by expecting to see Lois. The whole set is full of controversial choices like this one. <br /> <br /> Combat scenes are also a mess, no geography between slices. It's just a random action. Of course, the main screenplay was shot dead by Lester, and his material is only used as a bridge to another Donner or Substitute. They should use more of Lester's footage, but probably too proud to admit it. Negligence extends to a military rocket. As shown elsewhere, the rocket depicted in The Donner Cut is labeled "XK 10," while we all know it's "XK 101"! The blind man at STM knows it! The producers of this gathering, who so hardly tried to honor the original film, dropped the ball for less than five minutes, and this error indicates the quality of the whole production. For all the anticipated care that has been put into it, the end product has unavoidable air. <br /> <br /> The whole thing would probably be easier to digest if Warner did not do it. separate issue here in the states. Likewise, we expect to pay for what is basically a bonus disk with deleted scenes with the "Play All" option. It's really one glance to finally see legendary scenes, but after this initial look I expect it to be a great dust magnet and something else. I know that after watching this I had a new respect for Lister's version. It's not perfect at all, but Lester realized the shortcomings of the scenario, which are bold. He has made a film that has been entertaining for many years and will continue, while this new show will most likely be remembered only as a remark in the history of the films.
