I thought it was time to let it go. Fans of Pokémon suffer in America these days. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to give us our beloved series and movies. As for the series, they do a pretty good job of bringing the entertainment and magic of the Japanese versions to television. What is their problem with movies? Frankly, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I definitely see the fourth one. These are great movies. They are all fun and entertaining. And after seeing Pokémon 2000 in theaters, I can not just wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. Apparently, they seem to have read and seen something that says 'Insert empty morals' here with big, courageous letters. Certainly it seems because they used the same wonderful dubbing methods they used on MSB (extreme sarcasm) to create bullshit like that. <br /> <br /> * maybe spoilers from here * I think I should first talk about the Pikachu rescue adventure. My first bout came with no narrative. I think they have enough bad comments on the narrative of the Pokédex that was plaguing the Pikachu holiday, and instead of going with a careful, soft female voice as it appeared in Pikachu, not Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut it together. That would not be a problem except one thing. Did anyone really understand why Exeggcute did not let Togepi go to the end? Perhaps the fans, but certainly not the parents. Then there is the song of the theme. I could not help but in my eyes I leaned. The Japanese dance song was "Tankentai wo Tsukurou" and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and fun. This one: nausea. One of my favorite parts was the short dance Kireihan. Nice music, fun watching. It changed to Bellossom. The music sucked in, but it also had all the Pokémon interviews during the music, which turned out to be lengthy, annoying and simply futile. Oh, and then there's Poliwhirl, who thinks it's Poliwrath. Do you think the guys who work with these characters would at least know what they are. In essence, it would not have saved that little sick destiny, which is very unhappy with its potential. But first I did not touch. You would probably think warning signals would be obvious to me when I got my Nintendo Power number. For some incomprehensible reason, I have given some faith in 4Kids and WB. My thoughts were "well, they went into the first movie, but the other is different in terms of the subject so they should do well." I realized that I was not paying attention to the warning sign I had seen in the theaters when the trailers said, "You will believe that one person can do everything." As they said I hoped it would not change at any moment in a moral fest, as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes Nintendo Power, in which I see all my fears made by the words "the main feature" The Power of One. "At that moment, I was a little disturbed by the" Power of One! "It is not a good sign, but I still kept part of my false faith. I was sitting in the theater, I literally got into stomach cramps and watched another movie I loved in Japanese and became complete and complete junk I hear notes that say it's better because the morality was softer I can see because they do not need it and repeat it again and again, as in MSB, but it has done more damage than anything else. "First, the legend that was read throughout the text changed slightly to read," the world is "In the Japanese version of the Arshie people, the Pokémon trainer needed a traditional ceremony, and this time he is Lugie was one of the best characters in the movie Pokémon .... when the movie ABOUT Lugia was. In this, Lugia is forced to take the rear seat to Ash. In the scene where they fly back to the main island, Lugia and Ash discuss the conditions of Lugina's existence, not that Ash will make all the difference. Overall, in this category, Ash was not "the only person" who would make a difference because many of them helped. <br /> <br /> There are so many other things to do. The Furur's flute was not as sweet and as sweet as the Japanese. Jirarudan's speech told them that his collection "began with the Mew card?" Ugh. Worse still, Misty's outrage was originally related to the way Moltres and Zapdos were held. "Why did not you stop them in the Pokéballs when you caught them? It's like putting them in cages to show up." It's a lot different from what the Pokémon is saying is what's gathered as a token. If there were any real redemption in it, they came from Team Rocket. Some pretty funny lines. I did not want to laugh out loud, but more than to smile and lightly relieve pain in my stomach. Well, it was officially the last American movie Pokémon to see. I imported the third one and found it very pleasant. I'd rather not see another Japanese film destroyed in the same way as the first two. I will also import the fourth one. Forget about you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You left me the last time.
