OK, so I'm learning about this new movie Justin Timberlake that some big names will appear. I mean great actors like The Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, which is an advantage for Hollywood, however, in this film completely unnecessary. Then we got Kevin Spacey, where I've been a great fan since watching America's beauty and the usual suspects. Both of these great actors have probably signed up for the film because they thought it would be a great movie like I did when I heard the story. Then enter the freshly built Justin Timberlake. I say freshly worn out, because this is his first movie and these rotten tomatoes have not hit him yet. That's why I could add that nobody will ever see this movie or even bother reading this review. The movie is so terrible that when I got into the first 15 minutes. The characters were so one-dimensional that some of the biblical figures look like Don Corleone. They got one pad and dignified things. A Living Black Boy (LL COOL J) who is with a beautiful woman he would not otherwise be in real life. Captain is this short guy who talks in such a high tone. And what a poor film would be complete without the hero becoming richer through experience. Oh and a lot of fire on the guns, I mean a lot. SPOILER (NO!) Types of weapons that leave everyone in a police force that is crooked and the hero predominates. They've got flame-throwers and rocket launchers, they're really kidding. If you would like to see his Edison, because you are a big fan of one of the actors or a great fan of Justin Timberlake, all 13-year-old girls out there, enjoy! I wish I had more hands because then I would have more inches because this movie is so terrible because then I could put so many in down that thumbs down would no longer mean because this movie is so terrible because it is so I was wrong to laugh at frustration about the story, because it just does not stop, because burns and shouts are just happening. Thank you for being all of us and saving us from these terrible movies. Well, it could be the worst, another RNB terrible actor has changed the singer turned a terrible actor shows them hehe check out in MIX lol, or even get rich or die trying. The special thing about this movie is that it has men aged 30 and over who play 16 or even younger teens. I could continue with them.
