Hollywood's obsessive obsession with the sequel resulted in more seizures than a hitch. Each "Godfather II" has dozens of "More American Graffiti", "Stayin 'Alives" and "Grease 2's". While the original "grease" is not a great movie, the adaptation of the long-lasting Broadway hit from 1977 has evocative 1960s, energetic choreography and attractive cast. When Paramount began to deal with the follow-up, the producers came almost empty on all the aspects they made from the original work. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for the audience, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and apparently learned to read the scripts before signing the contracts. Her talent and beauty are already evident in this document, and Pfeiffer seems to be embarrassed at the humiliating dance routines and insignificant songs she is forced to perform. Maxwell Caulfield, however, lacks even the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions to control the range from insensitive to catatonic. What kind of romantic interest, beyond the hormones, could the cold-set Pfeiffer have in the dead town of Caulfield? This fat mystery remains long after the absurd luau of the final falls into bad memory. Only veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar have any joke, although Lorna Luft rises slightly over the lame material. The reviewers complained that "Grease 2" is always incompatible with the original film. However, even on the basis of its own concepts, the film is huge. After the dizzying number of the hole, which obviously exhausted the entire cast, the energy dissipates. With few exceptions, the original songs in the early 1960s are inconspicuously similar, and the only nostalgia for ours is "Our Miss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour." Jokes fall and the choreography in the choreographer director Patricia Birch's film is clumsy to be polite. However, worse movies have been caused by audiences, and unsuccessful sequencing will take place until producers try to check for rapid exhaustion of advertising work. Unfortunately, "Lubricant 2" is not even unintentionally entertaining. Instead, the film keeps the viewer's attention as a wreck of the train. When all the bodies seem to be recovering, the next scene falls into an even worse massacre.
