Well, at least my theater set, lol. So of course I remember watching Grease since I was a little girl, although it's never been my favorite musical or story, still hold something special in my heart because it's still very fun to watch. I heard of Grease 2 horrible things, so I decided he would never watch but my friend said it was not so bad and my friend agreed and so I decided to make a blow but I called them and just laughed. First, the conspiracy was completely stolen from the first, and it was not really smart, not to mention that they used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me how to Pink Ladies and T-Birds for years after the former gangs left? Not to mention the creator of the enemy's motorcycle, the face of what happened to the striking resemblance to the boys in the first film, just like these T-birds were just stupid and ridiculous. The next year at Rydell, the music and dance did not stop. But when a new student, Sandy's cousin, comes to the scene, she is a love affair with a pink lady, Stephanie. But they have to stick to a code that only Pink Ladies have to keep with T-birds so the new student chooses to train like T-Bird to get his heart. So he dresses like a rebel motorcycle bandit who can go well and defeat bad motorcycles to easily kick T-Bird's butts. But she tells Stephanie who really is, or does he know? Well, find out yourself. <br /> <br /> Maze 2 is like a silly TV show of some kind that does not work. The Gang did not intervene as the first lubricant, not to mention the return of the Frenchman, he was a little stupid and unbelievable because I thought he was promising Rydell, but she probably did not. The songs were not so catchy; I'm glad that Michelle was able to come back so fast, but that's probably because she was the only one with a talent in this stupid little sequel, I really would not really like this movie if you were curious, but I warned you, it's just a pathetic attempt more money than the famous musical. <br /> <br /> 2/10
