German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has mastered a task that many horror fans have seen as impossible: it is unseated colleague Teuton Uwe Boll for the crown of the director of the worst horror film ever produced. Lommel is really Ed Wood of the New Millennium. This movie is as dirty and ridiculous as the worst of the EW. I'm proud and embarrassed when I say I've watched it whole, morbidly fascinated when I saw that the bar could be set. The answer is: underground; Lommel dug the pit and buried it. <br /> <br /> Entertainment begins with the occupation of international nobodies. Only someone who lived in Los Angeles, where every car mechanic, doctor, and postman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered, could easily understand how Lommel could find so many shrill actors who would be willing to shout their ridiculous dialogue with a straight face. <br /> <br /> The main character, a dirty crazy policeman, plays a German actor with a crude German accent. Besides being a serial killer, he is also the oldest mud in LA. Despite the fact that it stops the innocent female drivers and takes them into custody, they drag them to their home (which is inexplicably the top floor of the furniture store), all in a clear view of its incoming partners, the LAPD refuses to investigate, go so far, that he would physically attack one of his accused in a ninja raid in his apartment. Sets are unbearably bad. The production design budget probably included only enough cash for the can; just paint on the cardboard wall "District 707". Since the players were apparently unpaid by the non-professional - the sad assortment of European emigrants (possibly deported if they were in their home country), bimbos, mimbos and middle-aged desperate women - and because small money, if spent on sets, special effects, another production value, it is fair to mention that spring for several real-looking police uniforms. Unfortunately, they could not afford a police car; uniformed policemen sailed across the streets in a bright new rental of Mercury. More than half of the story focuses on the dirty actions of our shaken German LAPD officer and the unnecessary effort of two young novices to stop him. One of these young actors is especially scowl, because he is the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot in a real career in movies. The other fits right into a room with a rockabilly hairstyle and tortured Brando, who must seem appreciated. The second part of the movie is where the title gets its zombies as the victims of our killer are resurrected after killing a girl who has just visited some voodoo priestesses to put her protective spell on her. Do not ask why a Romanian girl would resort to voodooism in anticipation of being murdered, accept Lommel's logic, and enjoy an absurd ride. After a long extension of the hand from the sheath from the straw, the zombie girls can handle their appearance. They look exactly the same as before death, perhaps even nicer, with a black piece of make-up with generous air. If we do not look at zombies, they look more like fashion models ready for a runway. At this point in the film, Lommel borrows a creative note from his beloved countryman Boll and injects large doses of Eurotrash techno cheese into the soundtrack. We are talking about a prehistoric electronic bumblebee. Things that could play in the Ibiza disco when Lommel was still young enough to shake booty. Unlike other zombies, Lommel's girl speaks and works as normal ... er, I think they do before he gets zombie. This gives our authors plenty of opportunities to visit more of his golden dialogue. Yes, the golden shower is. <br /> <br /> I do not understand anything by revealing the shocking end. All I can say is that it is perfectly matched with the other masterpieces. The spirit of Ed Wooda lives ... or I should tell his geist.
