Although BATMAN and ROBIN bring the budget and time constraints of mass production, it gets a place near the bottom of the cliffhanger list, which lacks the style, imagination and atmosphere of its predecessor in 1943 - BATMAN. Sam Katzman was known as "King of the Quickies," and as his director Spencer Bennett seemed more concerned about speed and efficiency than generating excitement. (Unfortunately, this team also produced two Superman series, played by Kirk Alyn, with their glamorous animation, preserved music and boring supportive players.) Opening each chapter offers the taste of things that come: Robin Batman's Batman, "Batman vs Wizard "), mechanical music sticks and our two heroes hit a camera that looks everywhere, bewildered, or struggles with their cheap Halloween masks. The Batman's hood, with its devil's horns and eagle beak, falls so badly that the stuntman has to adjust them during the combat scenes. Its "utility belt" is a crumpled strip of clothless fabric, from which the fan and the oxygen tube can be removed in critical moments at critical moments! In any case, the main players are miskast. Robert Lowery portrays a small charm or individual taste like Bruce Wayne and does not cut a particularly dynamic character like Batman. It creates the impression that it would rather be anywhere, anywhere else! John Duncan, like Robin, has considerable difficulty resolving his limited dialogue. He's too old for him, even an older stuntman. Costume, Lowery, and Duncan are as exciting as tired merchants who choose to drink without it being obvious between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Although the series were not known for character development, former BATMAN managed to imagine a more energetic cast. This offers a group that goes through the movements, not the creators provide much support. None of the hoods come out and they are guided by one of the most hard-hitting guys at all, "Guide." (Great name!) In fact, they are led by someone who sports a curtain, scarf and sack over his head, with a voice dubbed, desperately trying to sound terrible. "The main suspects" - the eccentric professor, the radio transmitter - are simply annoying. Even the established comic book "regulars" is superfluous. It's hard to recognize a lot of romance between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the risks they face, Vicki has practically no emotions. Commissioner Gordon is not too bright. Unlike the previous series, Alfred is only a step, the most important part of which is "Mr. Wayne's Residence". They are props for an exhausted, tricky, disjointed conspiracy that is further enhanced by uninspired, repeated music and amateur production. The Wayne Manor exterior reminds the suburban middle class in every sitcom, in the interior of a cheap road motel. Batcave is an office desperately in need of reconstruction. (Costumes are kept in the box!) <br /> <br /> It is a shame that creators could not invest more effort into creating an exciting adventure. While the availability of two DVD serials is plus for some serious "Batfan", one should not be disappointed with the excellent illustrations on the box. Capture more authentic moods of a comic book than all 15 chapters BATMAN and ROBIN. <br /> <br /> Now for the good news - it's not the 1997 version!
