... that would be what you got. <br /> <br /> The words themselves can not describe how bad it is. If you have difficulty sleeping and guarantee you will be out in fifteen minutes. Robert Lowery was a very good actor in the 1940s - but he calls here. Johnny "Duncan" Robin in the interview said that in one scene Batman had to run from the car to the house and that Lowery was doubled from the camera because his belt was too rigid! Duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a boy who is wondering - in fact, he's more like a boy in his thirties and is waiting for Lowery to get started so he can wear big cloaks. it seems to have been reflected in Honest Al's Used Car for much under the car rental price - Dynamic Duo is not trying to hide the fact that it is Bruce Wayne's driving car - in fact, it is marked by several serial numbers. <br /> <br /> The performances are wooden - the sets are cheap - the dialogue is terrible and if there was even the script they are watching, I'm sure it reads according to the lines "Batman says something here" because it definitely looks as if it were doing it as it goes. <br /> <br /> <br /> Batman's Utility Belt is made of thin cloth with no visible holsters to hold his gadgets-in one scene, when Batman needs a full blowing torch that the maker just starts as the scene begins - he'll never ever see. His hood is so bad that he can not even see it, and his ears look more like a moppy floppy mopless rabbit than they do something he likes. In one scene), Batman replaces counterpolar radioactive money that gets into the flame, the other is exposed to air as a paycheck of some hoods. It's radioactive, so it can track it - the reason it's so flammable is not explained. Well, unfortunately, the robbers open the package in a cardboard store - we know it's a folding carton, because Batman slips in and pushes the boxes that seem to weigh about six ounces on their hoods to get them out - and soon the whole site burns to country. Thanks Batman! <br /> <br /> In another scene, when Batmobile is off, Batman runs down the passerby driver in the middle of nowhere and takes a car - lets the man take care of himself and tell him not to have to worry because when Batman breaks the car , the police will certainly buy another one! Yes, you guessed it, he said the car was taking care of the cliff in a few seconds. Not that it would be very important for a motorist who probably died at an expedition when he was trying to dig back to Gotham City. It's a tired subplot with Lois Lane clone Vicki Vale, who believes that Bruce Wayne is Batman - he must note that Batmobile is parked outside Bruce's house - or maybe see Batman and Robin walking on a brightly populated suburban setting . Everything about this series is bad - and everyone except the youngest in the audience will want to watch on the screen. If you're looking for bad cinematography, you could not find a better mark - if you want fun, try Burton Batman movies, Adam West Batman's television series or Lewis Wilson Batman's older series.
