I imagine that when Hitchcock scholars and scholars gather together, they talk about masterpiece masterpieces such as "North By Northwest" or "Strangers On A Train," but the lesser known effort of 1931 is obscure and seriously flawed, great director in a young form. Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a pair of middle classes in London who are committed to staying ahead. Their luck is relieved; accepts it. The change comes in the form of a letter from an uncle who says he is putting them in order to enjoy the life of globetrotting luxury. They're making plans for a world cruise. But their problems began. Just ask Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill or Marion Crane. Well, Marion is bulletproof at the moment, but you get the idea. Travel and Hitchcock go together like moths and candles, so at best they set one for a dangerous journey. This is probably Hitchcock's first trip to this topic, not his most successful or unforgettable. Hitchcock tries to combine comedy with another element, in this case a domestic drama, rather than a tension, but two have not happened, at least not here. The Hills are a blunt, flat pair without chemistry or personality. When they find themselves on the Folies Bergère, in the form of cross-sections with filming that looks ten years older than the rest of the film, they are destroyed in the clothing of female artists. "The curtain is too early!" Emily exhales. "Not dressed." When Hills move away from the sea, it seems that mercy kills more than a tragic thing, even if the people they partner with are dripping, too. Emilin's man, Gordon (Percy Marmont), carries a photo of himself sitting next to the empty chairs that he suggests to be filled with Emily. Fred's girl "Princess" (Betty Amann) has Clary Bow's eyes and a five-hour shadow of Wallace Beery. There is also an unpleasant roommate passenger, a savvy spinster that Hitchcock always gets acquainted with cartoons. Foolishness has yet to appear. Everything was shot suddenly, with confusing blocking and tense conversation. Hitchcock is trying to get an early comedy with Fred and his umbrella that does not work out, and Kendall seems to be laughing while Berry plays tears. When Fred and Emily collapse, they are seen betrayed in a pair of wedge-shaped rickshaw, one of the many clumsy attempts at symbolism. Emily is the only vaguely sympathetic character, partly because she really cares about her husband and agonizes over her affair with Gordon, but mainly because she is one of the first of many Hitchcock magnetic blondes, her platinum rings banging her face like Botticelli on board an open deck of Chinese waste near the end of the film. > <br /> Issues are closing with a dangerous situation as a set-piece for the protagonists to cope with, and probably correct, their relationship. Only they are not active participants in the distinction, and besides the fate of a friendly cat, nothing about the ultimate resonates. <br /> <br /> At least you have a nice view of London in the early 1930s, and the chance to see Hitchcock while he was still working for food. "Rich and weird" is Hitchcock to pay his fees and learn his business, one for scholars, but not casual filmmakers.
