Following the terrible attack forces, there was a chance that Seagal could have just stepped up with Flight of Fury. If you want to earn the attack power from the attack, it will do somehow. Flight of Fury is a significant improvement overall, but still in the grand scheme of thinking, the average. Mediocrity is a success for Seagal today, which is a sad look at the decline in his career. Where Attack Force has been a swinging underground line that has drastically changed since the beginnings, after filming, after production, Let Fury keeps plotting the plot much easier. Someone steals a high-tech fighter jet and plans to use it to fire chemical weapons (which later, bizarrely discover, destroy the world in 48 hours). Seagal must get the plane back. It's so simple, no annoying partial conspiracy and a plot that weighs the film like too many of its recent work. It's not suddenly to say that the story is good, it's pretty poor. The introduction of side characters is wrong. <br /> <br /> In movies, FOF is bad. This is wrong with all those involved, and Seagal looks bored to tears. He just got the look of a toddler who was forced to practice schooling against his will, and so he stands out with a constant grimace and absolute position. Can we blame Seagal when material is so ambitious and cruel? Not really. This is the final film of his multicultural Castel Studio project. Producers can not bother doing anything remotely good, promising a budget of $ 12 million and (after Seagal is required to 5 million) probably gripping a nice piece handsome alone (If the movie was made for the remaining 7 million, then I'm Elvis Pressley!). So in this regard, Seagal should try to make efforts for a film that is distributed before it is made. Fans may think they owe them at least. He is serious looking crazy, and the continued use of stand in and overs-overs is another indication of it. Michael Keusch is moving with some efficiency, while cinematography is pretty good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castelm, the standard stunt team) there is nothing more than mediocrity and nothing to help the film resurrect his material, and the bored leading man . Again there are several action scenes with a focus on characters other than Seagal, which we do not really want to see. Overall, this action is not too bad. It's nice and violent, and occasionally we treated several Seagal's unhappy bouts of battle, but nothing special in general. Partly due to the bad stunt crew and the lack of time to do something too complicated or exciting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable movie, because ignoring a discontinuous, confused, conspicuous circuit, was more seasonal Seagal moments and more of it in the middle. He never disappeared during the film. Seagal bizarre disappears during one scene of the action and reappears after her, with little explanation. Too many tracks are used. Using clippings is not a terrible thing, but it's like a crutch. We have been treated with countless shots of seagoing ships all the time they are poisoning. In addition, the continuity of the trace is across the surface (just check backs, mow and change). The film is just midway. It says all that the best scene of the film is a totally useless and unreasonable girl in the girls scene with two hot chicks. Seagal, in short, too! Overall, this may be one of the better shareholders on a series-based basis, but it does not say it at all. It will delight many fans, but they should remember that Seagal himself is likely to forget the existence of this man. **
