Steven Seagal, the personality himself, this time is the largest Stealth pilot in the United States, who has promised forgiveness from the army (who attempted to cross his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escaped the base, later seized after the brigands' gangs were intercepted in the shootout at the gas station ) if he succeeds in penetrating the terrorist base of northern Afghanistan run by the group called Black Sunday, owing to the American traitor fighter air force fighter. Together with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to enemy territory and get help from his Arab lover Jessica (Ciera Payton) and freedom fighter Rojar (Alki David) are on the ground. Jannick is kidnapped by Black Sunday's leader, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his trained Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must find out not only to retake the command of a fugitive fighter, but also to rescue him. And maybe, Sands can avenge the traitor he trained, rather (Steve Toussaint). Sands has 72 hours before General Marine Pilots bombard the entire area. Aboard a stealth, a black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb and hoped to blow it up in the United States. Seagal gets a chance to shoot Afghans when he does not cut their knives with his knives. The movie is mostly triggered by machine guns and the bodies fall dead. Afghanistan's settings can not be controlled (nor how easily Seagal and Co. can move around an area that is not so easily identified) and the plot itself is not about what to write about. The film is fast editing, the camera is a bit brittle. Seagal is not as hero as it once was, and his action scenes are carefully adjusted where it's hard to see how he gets out of the enemy, unlike good old times. One of Seagal's most powerful efforts and is just as undemanding as ever (no compliment). Even more disappointing is the fact that Seagal never struggles with hands to fight the main villains of the film, it is a pity. He does not even fit his wrists or clutter his neck in a visible way (... surely we see the slight similarity of some instrument that gets around, but it's not as bright as I like because the creators have such quick fixes and dizzy close ups).
