The flight from the Fury begins when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) organizes an unofficial flight test of the X-77, a new stealth fighter capable of literally turning invisible. General Barnes gives his senior pilot to Colonel Ratcher (Steve Toussaint) a job and everything goes well until the X-77 disappears, even more literally than Barnes wanted when Ratcher takes him to northern Afghanistan and takes him to a terrorist group known as Black Sunday headed by Peter Ston (Vincenzo Nicoli), who plans to use the X-77 to fly into US airspace, has not detected and launched several bombs that kill a bunch of people. General Barnes is afraid of losing his plane and sends him a soldier John Sands (co-author and executive producer Steven Seagal) to get him back and kill all the bad guy in the process ... <br /> <br /> This American, British and the Romanian co-production was directed by Michael Keusch and was the third film in which director Seagal after the equally terrible Shadow Man (2006) and the Attack Force (2007). Fortunately, someone decided that the partnership was not working, and fortunately the unsuspecting public was spared further cooperation between the two. It seems that Flight of Fury is almost a scene-to-scene word-for-word remake of Black Thunder (1988) playing Michael Dudikoff with many identical characters even sharing the same name so exactly the same dialogue could be used without manufacturers even having to change things like names, although I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder and so I can not compare the two. Flight of Fury is a terrible movie, a badly created and written waste of time that Seagal specializes these days. It's boring, although it's not that slow, the character is poor, it's full of cliché, things happen randomly, the plot is bad, the reasons behind the events do not exist, and it's very lazy production overall because it never convinces the viewer that they are somewhere near Afghanistan or that proper military procedures are being followed. The action scenes are lame and there is no real excitement, the villains are boring, just like the heroes and that's just the worst Seagal. Flight of Fury seems to be largely formed, which does not even match, the background can change, the change of people is changing, the area is changing, the sky and the quality of the film is changing very suddenly because it is too obvious that we are watching clips from other (better) movies connected. Hell, Seagal never goes anywhere near the plane. Action scenes consist of shots so badly modified that it's hard to tell who is who and, of course, Seagal breaking human weapons. All production feels very cheap and dirty. IMDb believes that it has a budget of about $ 12 million, which I consider to be total waste, I think if so, where did all the money go? Although it is in Afghanistan, which is the war-torn arid desert Flight of Fury, it seems to have been filmed in my local forest, it was actually shot in Romania, and the Romanian country does not make convincing Afghanistan. The game is terrible, as one might expect, and Seagal looks again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a terrible action movie that is boring, amateur and is almost a scene for the remake of another movie. Another really lazy and ill-produced action thriller by Seagal, why am I still bothered?
