It was said that "the city on the hill can not hide" and Virginia City, Nevada, set on the shore of Mt. Davidson at 6,200 ft west of Tahoe is a great example, or in the context of the film should be. Virginia City exploded in the American dream like a shower made of gold and silver, suspiciously in the same year the civil war began. It was the birthplace of the dean of the American letters; it was where the young reporter named Samuel Clemens started using the name "Mark Twain" and continued to become the most famous American writer. It was also the birthplace of Hearst's great luck and John Mackay's launch pad, who became the richest man in America, the third richest man in the world. Hey, he should have a movie about him! In the eighties of the 18th century, Virginia Clety Boomtown of all boomtowns, home to a big bonanza, one of the largest "metropolitan" areas west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the movie) lacks it all and is more about the hogwash north / south duel between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a Union officer who is in captivity in a concentration camp led by a middle commander named Captain Vance Irby, who plays Scott. These two are always on their way. Bradford escapes and then tries to stop the shipment of gold precious metals that have "avoided" VC by anyone other than. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Grapes. Bogart plays a ridiculous Mexican bandit who can not decide who he is. Miriam Hopkins plays a dark figure called "Julia Hayne," which is, of course, a historic tour of Julie Bulette's first girl, who in fact celebrated a prostitute. She goes to Washington and speaks Honorable Abe about rescuing BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah. Go find out. They had to sleep the writer. In "real life," Twain reports that on the last day of the war the sunset caused an American flag on top of Mt. Davidson, in order to make the confused inhabitants wild, such as the movie. Three days later, they found out that the South had surrendered on that day. One interesting topic in the film is how assistants Alan Hale and Guin Williams attract guns forward when shooting as if they were fishing or trying to make bullets faster. The film is not a bad idea. The same kind of goofiness is centered around soap and corn throughout the film. God, how could escape the golden madness, destroy wealth, silver struggles in the silver mines, Mark Twain drove out of the city and beat after the strike, the crooked railroad, the fire of the opera, Artemis Ward, the huge Bulette funeral, Chinese pliers, black salons, auctions. . ? All this high up on a mountain surrounded by a desert? The truth was unreal. Wonderful riches really caused a great American Holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it would not be the first debacle from Virginia City. It's a disappointment for the fans of Virginia City, because it lacks what makes the city a "city of illusions" where it is said that evil is coming out of the country. . . Well, besides, it's a fun movie. Flynn and the gang are always great no matter what history they destroy. If Flynn played his spoiled self, I would double his rating.
