A more extensive, hysterical 50th squadron that gives new meaning to antisocial, pathological behavior. Danza and Grayson let you beg for pardon. It is a shame that all the people involved in the film are now dead (or nursing homes). I was thinking about being sued for torture. When this film began to unleash its relentlessly aggressive opera attack on my poor, defenseless ear drums, I felt an immediate, powerful pain surrounding my whole being. This damn muscular vibrato can smash Soviet tanks for tiny pieces, never glasses. <br /> <br /> "Why did not you change the channel if you did not like it?", You may ask angrily. Justice, just points ... The answer is that I wanted it, but the pain was so sudden and terrible that I fell on the floor and mumbled painfully. With my last energy I tried to reach the highway, but he could not. A stupid little fisherman with dubious talented singing with a nasty opera voice finds Niven, who then continues to "pigmalionize" him. Lanza is in love with the asymmetric Grayson, but he is predictably treating him with contempt until he eventually joins. This may seem like a rather thin conspiracy, but this noisy film is so full of singing and music that there is no dialogue at all. This movie is RELENTLESS. Forget the torture of hippies and war prisoners with Slayer's "Reign In Blood" (as in the South Park episode). No matter what the stupid adults who infest this strange 50-year-old music world, it's just a little conversation, it's all infantile - as if they were all six-year-olds. I can only envy people who find movies like this funny. It has to be great to be more pleased: what would the world of wilderness open to me if I could enjoy any stupid old gag as a jolly, bursting comedy. <br /> <br /> But let's look at this phenomenon, the musical of the 1950s. My best estimate is that the 50th year of musicals has offered more than one-day idealists called Utopia or Heaven (depending on whether you go to the church or to Lenin's tomb) or at least a very raw version of these fantasy-inspired places. TTONO is more like Hell, but it's just me. It seems to me that I do not have musicals. People talk, there's a story - but everyone suddenly starts singing for about four minutes after which they suddenly calm down and then pretend to be unusual! When you think about it, musicals are alien to any science fiction movie. <br /> <br /> It's even worse that TTONO (my favorite type of pizza, btw) is not just a musical of the 1950s, but one with feathering. Opera shows that there is such a thing as excessive voice training - until a weapon becomes a weapon rather than a device that brings joy to the listener. The brightest example of this travesty is when Lanza and Grayson join their Dark Side vocal forces for a really unbearable duet. I tried to lower the volume. I dropped it from 18 to 14. Then from 14 to 10. Then 8. I eventually reduced it to 1, which is usually so low that it's only heard by specially trained dogs and certain types of cams and still I could hear the two like a chin like an ass! <br /> <br /> Take the scene to a small ship in the river. Danza begins with one of his deafening melodies that kill the brains, and then ... nothing. No animals that could not be seen. Even crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, have only left. If you look carefully, you can even see how trees change color, from green to yellow, in just a few minutes. No, it was not a mistake of continuity, it was simple old torture of flora. And those trees were just dull images! Imagine how real trees respond. The reason why glass breaks down when a high C is thrown out of the abdomen of an overwhelming cry is not due to waves and frequency laws, but because glass is just human - hence, he can only suicide by spontaneous self-destruction before committing suicide. I can listen to the loudest and least friendly death metal band for hours, but give me only a minute soprano and I'll break my headaches.
