San Francisco is a big city with great actor credits. This filmmaker did not try to use the city. They did not even make the most basic realistic details. So I would not recommend it to anyone on the basis of a movie in San Francisco. You will not be thinking, "Oh, I was there," will you think "how the two stories of the wrists / stinky armpits turn into a quiet hotel lobby?" Some of them used speech styles and affections on the East Coast. It aggravates, but acting has always been competent. Stories seemed to be shot in three different styles, at least at the beginning. The story of Chinatown was the most effective and most interesting. The story is a faint, torn scene for a scene from classic action films in Hong Kong. The originals had much more tension and emotional resonance, framed and developed better. But acting is fun and we'll meet James Hong and other light sources. Full access to the white guy was useless. I think the filmmakers did not know what to do about it, so they left it freely structured and cut off. Father is a special attempt at Berkeley's liberal - indeed, people, everyone knows that it's not "groovy" to live in the ghetto - but his segments are most humorous. They discarded some good opportunities. Educated and enraged on the West Coast, jupiter juppie here is a different species of jupiter than they do in New York. They are equally unbearable, but they always differ. That would be interesting; it was not. <br /> <br /> The introductory word Hunter's Point was the most disappointed. It was the most derived of the three and most stylishly the most distant from San Francisco. You've seen it before, and you've seen it better. Even the video game was better! <br /> <br /> Despite the general non-locality and purposeless scenario, these characters have the potential, the actors have the talent, and something interesting begins to push around the clumsy direction ... about ten minutes before the end. Good concept placed in the wrong hands. PS, there is a minority missing, you will see if you can guess which of them.
