In the lead role: Scott Bakula, Eric Bruskotter, Corbin Bernsen, Dennis Haysbert, Jensen Daggett, written and directed by John Warren 100 minutes Rating PG-13 (for language and violence) Blake French: <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, John Warren's new comedy "MAJOR LEAGUE: BACK TO THE MINORS" is a funny scene. It consists of a sequence where an angry coach throws the baseball's chest into the wall behind him just to hit him in the cement and bounces and smashes his face. Not much, but with the exception of several one-shot movies, that's all that the movie offers ... enough to say. <br /> <br /> This film is not only structurally handicapped, characteristically undeveloped, predictable and poorly written, but also simply bad. Even non-critical members of the audience will hate this movie with all they have received. It's so familiar that it's just not funny. <br /> <br /> How many times do you have to do the same movie about sports? In the past years, we've seen the same material in "Air Bud: Golden Receiver" and as bad as the movie, it's even worse. At least "Air Bud" was family. "Major League Back to the Minors" is too vulgar for a healthy family to see on Sunday afternoon. It's too childish for adults. So who is this film for? Teenagers? Elderly? People who are so desperately entertaining would rent something like this? The film, like many other similar ones, has one basic point to try to do: teamwork conquers all. Yes, and what a great morale it is trying to prove. The pity that we have seen and eliminated so many times had such little talent and intelligence that their cheerleaders are men in a ballerina costume. Where stupid announcers create their own "comic routine" and mumble one confident line like: "They bite", "This fast ball with children is timed by an hourglass" "This guy has just dropped out of the ball to find something lost - maybe it was his mind, "" Somebody needs a nap, "and" sometimes see the sunset as beautiful as the game. "Where the characters have so little meaning that they are never known by their names. And where the only hearty lecture scene about teamwork is so unconscious that it's almost fun. "Major League Back to the Minors" is so bad; it will become its trite end to the right in the middle of a good closing sequence. A good baseball team is on the comeback, going to win and - the power disappears. For a moment, I was thinking that this piece of waste had come to an end, but in fact, his fake final scene was just to add minutes to the run. The film basically consists of a series of unrelated sketches that throw up so many confused jokes that are not fun. There is another kind of funny line of dialogue where the coach and the player talk to each other about why a long shot is long in this position. Coach's answer: "You are too old, too slow and too fat." The player's reaction is to perish. But this scene certainly does not make this movie a remarkable time, and certainly not worth the money from your money. <br /> <br /> So here is another horrible entry into this film genre, another one that is condemned by your own script that you have not seen before, and another that is so familiar seems to be alive again. <br /> <br />
