Totally ridiculous. If you know anything about poker, it's absolutely scary but also fun because it's so crazy. Nerd, who made this film, is probably very religious and he knows the poker game, but I doubt he sometimes played over 3-6. (I do not think he knows about golf too.) Where to start. I saw better productions in the Intro to Film category, which I first earned at a film school. The actors who will watch in this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the losers who never play in poker. Everyone else is as wooden as they are, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The man with whom the movie begins with the opening sequence is the only reason the film was shot. He is an iron bird who does not play poker and never has a dialogue, but the actor is a man who apparently paid for the film. I can not think of any unnecessary loss of money before this man went crazy for this nonsensical production. It is advisable to have such an unnecessary role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. You spend most of the time on unnecessary side figures whose drawings are not solved in the slightest. Queen Mama has a show-stealing scene where she throws her loser boyfriend across the window and tries to shoot his brains out. Also, nameless Arabs in the grocery store also perform great performances when they debate whether to defeat or kill an older lady who discards them. Their fine performance is one of the most important films. They are curious to see why they have bothered to get all these white people to play the lead. In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 from space has a little more coherence. If you are playing poker, you may want to laugh. Also, if you are a Christian, you can look forward to a heavily spoken religious conversation that peppers the film as unnecessary pepper. I hate films made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they do not know about. Sadly, Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen have been involved in this travesty because I can not help, but I think less. He must be dependent on Johnny Khan for going to Rounders.
