It allows you to enter the world of this film for a while to better understand the type of movie we have here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those really stupid movies where the bad guy and his boys have allowed him to get rid of fifty thousand rounds that shot a good guy behind the walls and pillars screaming at them and eventually got to the good guy face to face and instead of killing him ... instead of giving that guy, SO MUCH sadness .... instead of just walking and POP! ..... What are you doing? The bad guy ... ... talks to him. He catches the good guy and talks to him while he's holding the gun. NEVER MUST OCCASION! SHOWER HO! SHOOT HIM NOW! But he's still talking to him. Another thing. At the end, the newspaper says "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT TIGHT" or something on the front of the paper when it's the same as the first story. So how good did anyone win Pulitzer so quickly? You know, these stupid movies? All right, that's Edison in a nutshell. You'll get Mr. Cool Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey's quick eyes, who both phones in their roles completely, LL Cool J, who frowned literally at any moment of the film while designing his girlfriend in the damn night club of all corners and who was the last line of "Duck" was something like a deadly weapon that had never been made ... and Justin Timberlake screamed and swung nonsense every time he talked. The only bright spot was crazy Dylan McDermott, who made his best "Denzel of Workout" impression, which was quite fun. Oh yes, what is the movie about? Eh, something about scandals about Edison's fictional special police corps called "FRAT (I swear I'm not going to do that), which should be an obvious play off SWAT." Anyway, the small journalist superstar singer Justin Timberflake smells something after a murder with two secret police from FRAT, and he goes after the story and gains the confidence of the boss (Freeman) on the way, while both reveal something even bigger and more sinister than what they both think: a crazy pelican who as a bootleg pelican meets a half training day. and off, the script was terrible and the acting was incredibly hopeless, jumping everywhere without going anywhere, people got into the coma and forgotten about them. Everybody in this movie just did not think. Remember what a stupid movie. It's harder to write some kind of review for that's because the movie left my brain the second it ended ... No lie Basically, do not waste your time!
