He has to give this sketch to all the filmmakers who come to the Hollywood bus station. Then it fills up empty spaces and sets its story in any city or town ghetto they just arrived at. You know exactly what this film is from the initial shot, four young boys are playing in a grainy slowdown, accompanied by a voice over the narrative. Next stop at the bus station must be the purchase of static records of four young boys who play in grainy slow motion. Once they are grown, it is easy to bring the writer / director among the four. He is a quiet, contemplative, long-haired man who is never seen without his composer's book in his trousers. This means that his excellent writing skills will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. There's no writing or talent management. And if you still can not find out which one is, there's help: Auteur and his character have the same central name. It took more than an hour to find out that these twenty-two men were still in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the guard showed up to be the director. Again, a poor, misunderstood rebel can wrap himself in the pavement, murder and demolish everyone in the film, but is powerless to stand up with his alcoholic father. What if you come back, man, like everyone else? Numerous fist combat scenes without any obvious purpose. Badly wrong dialogue. Many scenes are poorly focused. Cartoon characters still appear as bit-playing players and accessories that inadvertently laugh at the premiere. Exceeding in extreme. And if you do not have strong speeches or slow scenes, just listen to honest music. It will tell you what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan must have many busy years when she travels across the country working in amateur regional films. The biggest sin is that the audience must feel sympathy with children who shoot old ladies, run through puppies tied to the tree, rob and steal, and complain about their sad life. But if we could get out of this city and go to college. Yeah, that's a ticket. Why is every twentieth filmmaker convinced that his life is so important so interesting that the world can not wait to see it on the screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, then the author is interested in a shoulder for policemen who carry refugees.
