STRANGER THAN FICTION made me so indignant, I registered to IMDb just to write this review. STRANGER THAN FICTION is a surprisingly intricate, moving and thoughtful film to the very end. As soon as more logical sections stop (why Will Ferrell did not hear Emma Thompson's voice 10 years ago when she started writing her book?) The phone rang and the phone rang again, "How could she not know she was calling?" .), the film attacks one's thoughts of mortality, fate, and sacrifice. The brief history of the literary themes provided by Dustin Hoffman should be especially entertained by former English majors. And Maggie Gyllenhaal is always a delight, though Will Ferrell could just as easily be an ax as a murderous soul. Her rapid trust is a great leap of faith. Ah, but the end. By the very end I would make 9 of the 10 stars of this movie. The film as a metaphor for the life journey, as a tribute to the concept of "writing truth," as a reminder that great literature is either a comedy or a tragedy, but not both, is excellent. The whole movie leads the viewer to understand and accept the moment of Will Ferrell's destiny. And no matter how great the character may have been, we know well why we're going to end it. The last act occurs, the screen turns white, the credits are recognized. Deep and strong end of almost perfect film. The end that would have been discussed for weeks. <br /> <br /> NO !!!!!!!!!! No credits were counted. Let's say it is not. Let's say Hollywood did not help for another 10 minutes, which completely undermined the integrity and heart of the film. Dustin Hoffman did it right when he said, "It's no longer a masterpiece, it's all right." Appropriate review of the movie. Besides me, it was not even okay. I was so offended by the treachery of "writing the truth" about deciding to push a movie that I actually exploded into angry tears to explain it on the way home from the movie. I often do not say. I would like most movies, but I'm still on this anger. <br /> <br /> My questions for Zack Helm, the writer, are the following: The original movie ended when the screen disappeared? And you were forced by strong film powers - that you got to the end of the unbelievable end of the movie? Or are you inclined to end up yourself? I read that you are great. I hope your original script ended the movie for the first time. I know Zack Helm will never see this review and I was unable to find a contact that I should ask myself. But, please, viewers of the films, I am the only one who feels this way about STRANGER THAN FICTION? One good thing came from me when I saw this movie: I double admire the Lost in Translation.
