Now I will be the first to admit it when I say something that can be blasphemy or unfair, and that is why I would like to apologize in advance for arguing about how much I did not like this movie. it also summarizes. I did not like this movie. To be more specific, I did not like the concept of this film. Cinematography was good. The mood was nice. And the acting was satisfactory. But the story is fatal, inaccurate and misleading. It's also insulting. I'm a quarter of India Cree and for some reason I feel offended, on a personal level, Whitaker's nature. First is a black guy. And this is not a racist remark, I swear. The idea of ​​a white, Hispanic or even indigenous American, who bows to the roof, offends everything Katana poses. Katana represents the soul of the samurai, absorbing the souls of her ancestors who lead and protect the samurai. For the Spirit Dog to use his weapons instead of the Katana, there is also an insult to the blade and soul inside, and where did Katana get there anyway? It must be one of the replicas that offends the samurai caste even more. <br /> <br /> Ghost Dog has also shown no respect. Near the end of the movie, the bodyguard shoots at the back of the window and then murders the man by shooting him in the face through the faucet. It's not just a cowardly way to kill an enemy, it's more like a ninja way; silent murderers; a group that denies the samurai but hates nothing less. Then he tries to kill his boss when he finds out that his boss is wrong. Do you know what a real samurai does when he learns that his master is proven wrong or dishonest? He kills himself to prove he would rather die, then he dropped to the level of his doggish master. Everything about the character was a tremendous contradiction with the actual code samurai all observed: Bushido. <br /> <br /> So we have great cinematography, a good atmosphere and so - it's a sculpture plot and a presumption (which is, unfortunately, the most important aspect), which makes it an unsatisfactory overall film and an insult to all honest bushi (samurai) dear. <br /> <br /> 2.5 / 10 Bleach
