When the spectacular Sam Peckinpah THE WILD BUNCH (1969) opened the door to horrific expressions of graphic ultra-violence, she did it with talent (if she was a whiskey-marinate) who drove the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had a real depth, but there would be no immitators at any given moment, which were far from the benchmark set by Peckinpah's epic, and SOLDIER BLUE definitely falls into this category. SOLDIER BLEW, er, BLUE tells the story of a foul New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), a blonde proto-hippie cat that was "rescued" from two years of "capture" between Cheyenne and is now sent to a fortress where she meets again the fiance she wants to marry for her money. Also on board the car he travels is a government gold shipment, Cheyenne's money needs to buy weapons, so in a short time the soldiers are smothered, and Cresta goes to the hills accompanied by Honus Ganth (Peter Strauss), a lonely surviving rider. When Cresta called Gant, who appeared as a "blue soldier," she showed that her years between the "wilds" were well spent over time, overcoming Gant's survival skills, common sense and pure balls, and despite his path to the fortress that must endure elements, a group of hostile Kiowa, a ruthless trader? played by Donald Pleasance, here is one of his most crazy performances, and does that say something? and in the tradition of many previous Western romantic comedies. <br /> <br /> During their misfortune, two opposites are inevitable? and predictable? attract each other and eventually end up getting to it? while Gant has a freshly treated shot bullet that went with a clean leg, no less? in what was certainly the only suitable cave at least twelve miles of a radius that was not filled with rattlesnake, mountain lions or who knows what to say about Cheyenne, who could with such a prime apartment (I'm going, thinking in NYC real estate terms again). <br /> <br /> Realizing that their love can never flourish out of the cave, Crest leaves Gant and takes her to the fortress herself to find that the ominous commander will not save a few men to save the Gant; the regiment needs all available personnel to launch an attack on the nearby village of Cheyenne, and once Cresta gets the wind it slips around her obnoxely horny hubby-to-be and makes beeline straight to Cheyenne to warn them what's coming. <br /> <br /> What happens next is what the film gains with its shame; it turns out that all the frantic misfortunes and quarrels were only a head start to the ugly reconstruction of the Sand Creek Massacre in 1864, the orgy of rape, torture, and the general sadistic evil committed in the name of "keeping the earth clean". and for almost forty years after her release, this succession still disturbs and aggravates her utter cruelty. Children are trampled under the hoofs of rechargeable horses or wounded on bayonets, unarmed people are beaten up? good effect, must I admit? women are stripped and slowed down by slave robbery, then raped and devalued? in a really bad state naked native woman is trying too hard to fight, so her hate instead decides to cut her breasts, which fortunately we see only in the beginning before the camera moves to some other horrendous act? and many innocent people are shot and spread, their parts stretching in oblique places, waving to the victorious celebration, or holding themselves as the most important souvenirs. No joke, this scene would instantly get the NC-17 rating if it was released today to say nothing of possibly inducing Indian interest groups to rebel in the streets in an incredibly exploitative way in which atrocities are displayed. <br /> <br /> I am all in favor of Western people who are not ashamed of honest ideas about how the West was won or stolen if the truth were told, but this film has no idea what the film wants to be; one minute is a pseudo-hippy lecture on how the treatment of natives has improved completely (well, DUH!), then it is a reckless battle of gender in which Cresta proves to be five times man Gant is and can look hot in his delicious but it all comes out of the window when Donald Pleasance appears with an unintentional (?) cheerful toothbrush and our heroes have to find out how to escape his murderous connections to a submerged surface that does not go anywhere, and that will all culminate in the above- apocalyptic climax. Each of these nails would be fine for a coherent film, but the ultimate result is a spooky mess that has done the horrors of his last ten minutes for what's in the promotional and poster film of the film. <br /> <br /> But trying to be everything for all audiences, SOLDIER BLUE will end up as a disjointed Mulligan preaching braided probably by well-intellectual political correctness, but if they were to tell the story of Creek Massacre Sand, it would not be a good idea to have some Indian characters that were more than just walk-ons with Murphy Brown act as their mouthpiece? We do not know absolutely any of those people who are throwing themselves out just for what seems to be an unsettling idea to attract gorehound viewers to see the "wildest film in history." If you, as well as me, are interested in provocative ads and reviews that reflect it with almost infinite praise for "it is courageous to say it as it is", take a word and let SOLDIER BLUE slowly fall into the movie unknown .
