LL Cool J performed much better in this movie I expected! He did a wonderful job of acting as a "renegade" policeman in the "renegade" department. From the very beginning, he does a great job of building empathy for his character and embodiment. This is a kind of "gentle giant" - a person whose rough exterior can scare anyone, but whose heart is clearly in the right place from the very beginning - and does a wonderful job. It was clearly the best film. <br /> <br /> It was certainly a performance that did not get any award from Morgan Freeman. After playing in Powerhouse movies like Shawshank Redemption, this movie was definitely a step. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his real talent as an actor - and from the point of view of a conglomeration of figures he sadly put him on the back burner. There are so many ways that his character (Moses Ashford) could play a key role. That it was not a disappointment and a real weakening. I was hoping to see more in him in this movie. Timberlake should stay in the music industry. His portrayal of a young journalist was wrong and unconvincing. This film is a typical action film, which (at least initially) bears some resemblance to the damaged police issues LA has experienced in the past. As an action film, he has his share of scenes, blood and intestines. These scenes are usually unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of the film is very little about what will eventually happen - think about what you would typically expect in the conflict of good cops / bad cops - and has little to do with police shooting REAL-out. <br /> <br /> What made me worse was how Timberlake's character behaved during the shooting scenes. He starts to have guns and does not use them. Then, when he finally turns to use, he lights him as if he's been shooting a weapon all his life. Then he gets rid of the beads and does not have a gun - and 30 seconds later, no movement or anything else - he suddenly has 2 more weapons and more ammunition! Small plot mistakes, like this, really destroyed the film for me. If what you are looking for is a flamboyant fiction plot in a fantasy world where everything turns out to be fine then you probably will love this movie. Personally, it does not matter to me what kind of movie is so long as it's realistic. I would like to believe that the story is true. This story was so obviously fictional in so many aspects that I came away I did not feel satisfied.
