The documentary revolves around the Holocaust-surviving Eva Mozes Kor, part of Mengele's twin experiments, consisting mainly of her version of what happened in Auschwitz and the comparison of the emotions of the survivors of the twins. The movie apparently had great reviews. It is one of the topics that no one dares to express the consideration. I, for much of the film, have squeezed into the emotions that the filmmaker so obviously wanted the viewer to concentrate on. One of the user reviews of IMDb by Eric Monder (apparently not critical to discussing this issue at a public forum) could find only the sweetest nectar. "In one of the many dramatic sequences, as a group of Jews argues with Kore in the Jewish center, the meaning of the word" forgive "is even discussed, but the isolated and enriched Kor actually owns sappy to hold that the film had enough left on my sleeping emotional repertoire, Once the "strong will" of Eva Kor forgives her "Nazi hijackers," the film begins to plunge into what is forgiven, at least from the point of view of Korah, the film follows her, her voice is a public statement that I was forgiven for the Nazis and for the new territory, for me it was the flesh of the film, surrounded by the unbearable fat of her "act of forgiveness." It is obvious that she was a very sick cow In a mission that tested her forgiveness theory to heal wounds from the past, went to the "Promised Land" to meet with some Arabs to discuss the problems they are facing and to see if the dialogue can not lead to a better understanding of the situation, and to diffuse strongly through debates and discussions with the Jews in the US about her forgiveness by the Nazis, including one at the Jewish Center in Chicago. Since then, someone who has not seen so badly could see that it would not be hard to miss a clear contradiction in her statements on the screen. <br /> <br /> First, you will immediately notice her body language defensive and do not want to listen in a room full of Arab teachers and teachers. Her remarks about her fear of being able to kidnap her show how much time, effort, and money was all about. The rather angry Dr. Sami Advan (professor of education at Bethlehem University) gets it right when she tells Koro about a statement that makes her sleep in her apartment. a debate at the Jewish Center in Chicago where she is "grilled" about the meaning of forgiveness and her right to do so after those suffering from the trauma of deeds. <br /> <br /> I will cut the chase. By the end of the movie, I was hoping I decided to watch the movie. The film was badly created without delving deeper into anything about Auschwitz, except purely trivial, just enough to make sure that the Holocaust is refreshed in the memory of the audience and stimulates the mud of tears. It turned out that Kor, the subject of a documentary film, was unable to engage in a fair discussion. Their discussion skills were limited to her attitude of forgiveness (at best) getting into a complete reluctance to listen or participate. In the end, are everyone so disappointed that they can not see the difference between this and the forgiving? Citing another IMDb user: "I do not see her forgiveness weak - on the contrary, she wanted to get rid of her soul, she wanted suffering to end, and she let go of it." That would be the perfect layman definition of MAKING MEACE. I think that in the world of propaganda, blind faith and political correctness there is no room for the question of those who "have gone beyond the human mind can understand". <br /> <br /> The PS Dictionary should definitely go into all of the Books of Purchase that everyone still does.
