I love all types of movies, especially horror. What has been said, Survival does not lie in any hype that surrounds it. I can not give him any points about originality. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same motifs or transforming what others have done. It has just become police for indie films that lead us to crawl through the woods, a crazy killer, and in recent times throws into some crazy family. On these lines I have to compare it with Texas, Chainsaw, Wrong Turn (though it is obvious) and more. Survival turns briefly against comparable films. The story was not original in any way. Some movies can get a weak (and exactly overcome) plot with a great actor, a special fx, or a bunch of other factors. Survivial has none of those who could bankroll. If you want, note the following: The film has never worked out. I do not want to knock or innocent the actor or the director. Dialogue was, at best, average, and the involved actors never showed (they did not say they had) the talent to pull it out. I mention 2 standouts. The lead man in this movie definitely looks, but I seriously think he needs to consider more training before he's ready for the movie. The actor who portrayed Greg also had the potential, but we have never seen him (look at the movie and see why you will not believe it). Grainy film appearance. Oh yes, that tiny film that makes the spell to take us to the famous Grindhouse movies. In today's film it has become a trick. Works or does not work. In this case, it simply does not work. There are too many other shortcomings, so it turns away from distracting the movie without adding it. That being said, I think they managed to add that grain. That's some good, good grain. I think that with another script, better direction and maybe even actors, they should try another "Grindhouse" attempt. They probably pull it off. As far as the technical aspects are concerned, in my opinion they have never been for me. Better care would be able to handle the sound (it sounded like it was powered directly into the camera, but it's nothing wrong) and because I was filmed on DV, it was too soft for my taste. <br /> <br /> This is all I have to say about this .....
