Spoilers <br /> <br /> Wow, END OF THE WORLD is a unique movie experience. <br /> <br /> Here is a complete story: the scientist receives news from space (and DA independence). The news says it will become a massive disaster, and then the scientist will hear on the radio later that a major earthquake has occurred in China. He begins to think that news has something to do with disasters around the world, so he tries to find out who is receiving the news (and who also broadcasts messages in space). He and his wife eventually find out that the news comes from the monastery. He will visit it. Everything looks normal, including the priest who played bored Christopher Lee. But the scientist is stubborn and really believes the news comes from the monastery and goes into it. So, together with their wife, they secretly return to the monastery, where they are caught when foreigners cringe, dressed as priests and nuns. They are held against their will, and the stranger Lee plays, forces the scientist to get something he needs to come back to his planet. As soon as the alien gets a special element, all the foreigners leave each other on their home planet in some kind of gripping transport platform. Lee, who is the last foreign leftist, tells the couple that the Earth will be destroyed due to some foreign decision by the hockey. Lee goes to the transporter and is gone. A couple, when they look at monitors that show the scale of natural disasters around the world, decide to follow strangers. Because Earth is doomed, a couple can not see any point left behind to go to the transporter and disappear. The last shot of the film is the exhaustive planet Earth. End. <br /> <br /> That's it. <br /> <br /> I've never seen such a boring movie in my life. It's the most compelling film I've ever had. The scientist and his wife are two of the worst heroes or heroes who appeared on the screen. Nothing worries. They see terrestrial disasters on the monitors and decide "what the hell, who needs the country anyway?" They do not try to stop them or do anything to improve things. This kind of story could work if the movie had a tremendous sense of destruction for everything, but action and atmosphere do not exist. The actors and people behind this bored flick go their way, so you can almost feel when they hit the cards when they avoided and went back to work. I did not expect much from this movie because it's Charles Band's production, but I did not expect it to be so bad. Christopher Lee was once asked what was his worst film ever he had made and mentioned STARSHIP INVASIONS. Well, I'm sorry for Chris, but STARSHIP INVASIONS was actually fucking fun. STARSHIP INVASIONS is terrible but awesome fun. The end of the world is much, much, much worse: it is beyond matte and inert, with no value of entertainment.
