Although I did not have any earthly idea of ​​what to expect from this movie, it certainly was not what I meant, for I was thinking about it. Once I heard about my existence, everything I knew was that I had to own a movie called Please do not eat the kids. unfortunately I found a copy only under its replacement name Island Fury. When I look back, I think I could call it a loss-lost situation. On the one hand, I still do not develop like the one who owns the film, Please Do not Take Children, and on the other hand, Island Fury will eventually reveal itself as a terrible, useless, dull, careless piece of waste. Yeah, you're definitely losing-you're losing. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure what the genre is going on here. Only early 80's bad, with a flashback that could actually be longer than non-flashback. First of all, two teenage girls are chased by two bad boys, they are about to go, bad guys point out that one of the girls has a coin on the chain, around the neck and somehow these bad people know a lot more coins hidden somewhere on the island. And that's where things start to get weird, somehow these guys know about a girl's trip to an island, years ago when it was only 10. I think it means that girls should know exactly where this alleged treasure Yippee. So, now we are in the past, while the girls are trying to repeat their steps, so the bad guys do not kill them, though they would not have me. Remembering a decade of colleagues on a trip with their sister sisters and girlfriends who eventually stop on the island for some air, they mix with a child and his killer grandparents. Any potential tension or reasons to never see themselves appear, but the flash was undoubtedly better than the present, which still does not say much. <br /> <br /> For some time I forgot the original story. At one point, I might have thought the director had it too, and when a glimpse was over, it would be an end, which I thought would be disappointing half an hour shorter. This nonsensical film in the endless film eventually ends and real things happen, but it's stupid. I think I did not expect a movie filled with breastfeeding or something, but I was expecting some form of bizarre B-fun, mostly a confused, awkward story that was not sure of its genre. My advice would be to look for something worthwhile, such as the attack on animal beings. If anyone would recommend it to those serious B-movie collectors who must have them, everyone else is likely to have brain damage. What really gets me is that I still have no idea why they said it, please do not do the kids. 3/10
