This is available on "Drive In Double Feature" from Dark Sky Films, and since I finished "Barracuda," I watched it. This is a film that looks incredibly ambitious and awkward. We start with two young ladies who are walking along the streets of a foreign city, but where exactly are they? They stop when they look at the necklace from a Chinese dealer and try out in a Chinese-style dressing room in the shop, but then do we see some Aztec dancers? And all these time, these two girls are followed by two men who eventually dropped the way they did not have to chase the girls on a wild run around the city and eventually caught them. <br /> <br /> It seems that one of the girls has a coin on a chain around the neck and these guys want to find the prey and where did they get it? So in the flashback we'll come back and find out. And how did they know he had this coin? It's hard to say, really. Now, on the day when these two women were over 10, they were on a ship with their sisters and sister friends, and when they stopped, they got into the air in their dances to pull this young boy back into his home dock just to get his grandfather and invite "young" anointed "for tea with grandmother, but not all of them have tea, Todd returned to the ship to look at the young girls, and when they are away from him, the ship explodes and when they return home, their friends are mysteriously disappearing. , it seems as if these "kindly folks" pick up their own vegetables but wait for the meat to fall on the spell and serve her herbal tea. But the girls and Todd left the island, but now they come back, accompanied by their kidnappers, and are there to found treasure, despite the fact that nobody ever showed to girls where it was BEFORE It seems that there is someone else on the island and mysterious people are beginning to mysteriously die one by one and because there are only three it does not last long. a happy end that clearly leaves the viewer as if it were for the rest of the movie. Two criminals seem to be fast-paced viewers with angering problems, and combining without playing capabilities are boundary gaiters. The hillbilly family also lacks the acting ability, despite the fact that the grandfather is Hank Worden, who appeared in many movies and television shows. The action is confusing, the sites are even more confused and the island looks like Southern California. So what the hell is this? I'm not sure, but it's worth seeing once to think (or say), right? 4 out of 10, very bizarre.
