I hate it sounds like an "old person," but I honestly did not see too many films I like that were made after 1960 ... Generally, movies seem to worsen and worsen (though I liked Scott quite Baio "The Bread, My Sweet", except the sexual scene "de rigeur", which NEVER added the value of THAT movie). This film makes her mother, a former choir girl in Las Vegas, seemingly unable to survive herself, even though she is clearly in her 50s (though she suggests she is 40 years old). I did not buy it. I am 57 years old and, like all the women I know in the 1950s and 1940s, more than able to survive alone (as I have been doing since I graduated from high school at the age of 13, I was legally emancipated and set out for my own life The daughter is not credible in her role ... she gets a support she does not deserve (a great opportunity), but it will also fall, but when another employee puts her on the plate and is ready to deliver, the writers shoot her as an "opportunist" doing what any career-oriented person would do - take advantage of a wide-open opportunity created by the lack of self-discipline of her coworker, a girl who clearly does not understand the concept of keeping her promises (in this case the boss). The daughter reluctantly "allows" her mother to stay with her temporarily, but then treats her mother (the woman who gave her life and lifted her to adulthood) as a pariah. It seems that such "writers" did not understand that parents are not a "normal thing" for parents to behave as children and then AS children to treat them. It's just a social "baloney" that Hollywood attempts to cover violently, as if we, their public, were stupid, that we wanted to be entertained by their creative offerings. This is a sad movie with a stupid end. If the young male restauranteur was real and it was not a two-dimensional television figure, he would stay with a mother who would not be so older than him and attractive. But in the end, the "fall" of the daughters, a shallow, rather uninteresting girl who has such a cute youth, but in an ordinary and inconspicuous manner. ("Opportunity" young woman who worked with this girl nothing more attractive, physically.) There was no credible reason for the audience why restauranteur preferred a daughter (who was a sexy, egoistic god who treated her mother with incredible disrespect) a woman who was sweet, sweet, lively, and had a joyous daughter inside her, she could not even begin to understand. Mother, of course, had her own defects ... she responded to the extinction of her husband by waking up in stupor after one or two years, which probably created a contradiction between her and her crazy daughter. <br /> <br /> No matter how the characters were or were not developed, it is a baloney movie and the loss of your valuable time browsing if you actually LIKE baloney. (Where is the mustard?)
