I do not remember how I last responded to the show so emotionally, as Justin Timberlake did in Edison. I was so emotional that I wanted to scream in anxiety, destroy the screen, easily accept the hopeless shouts of nihilism. Timberlake is a terrible miscast; in fact casting is like dropping Andy Dick to play the lead role in "Patton", or Nathan Lane playing Jesus. But that's almost near the point. Timberlake is simply a bad actor and he would be as awful in any role. I had problems with Ben Affleck's acting talent, but Timberlake makes Affleck look like Sir Ian McKellen or Dame Judi Dench. With his metrosexual lys (by reading lithp), his boyish looks and emotional expressions that come from something like "The 25 Cliché Expressions for Actors," they poison the screen he is mercilessly exposed to, and he does not play or buy his role an amateur journalist who became a crusader for justice. It just will not fly. However, Timberlake himself is not to blame for his failure. Director David J. Burke adds not only to (primary) primary role but also to Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, John Heard, Dylan McDermott and Cary Elwes, and I am surprised that he is just as good. I can imagine one almost physical affliction that looks at the fact that some of this cast collaborates with Timberlake. There is, of course, an awakening: when one of these actors interacts without Justin there is a double embossment. Pleasure if you want. Freeman and Spacey do not have to have more than ten minutes of screening together, but ten minutes is blissfully in conflict with their scenes with our so-called hero. Dylan McDermott is also a touch of fresh air. But enough Timberlake bashing - the words in this particular case are not enough to make a trick. "Edison" is a very story of corruption. It's a conspiracy from cliché to simply absurd. However, I must admire the motivation for doing this, which I interpret as a homage to films such as "Serpico" or "Donnie Brasco" or even "Chinatown". Do not get me wrong - "Edison" is not even on the same playground as these movies, but I can stretch my non-believer's delay to admire my reason for existence, maybe justify my sitting through it. <br /> <br /> The script itself represents a surprisingly poor writing. Yes, he has some decent exchanges, but any conversation between Piper Perab (which is unnecessary here) and Timberlake seems to have been picked up directly from Dawson's Creek episode. It's your typical dialogue that is too typical for reality, let's impress the audience and how-well-we-articulate (and fail). This dialogue, you think, is overcome by great music in bad moments - sometimes it seems that Edison wants to change into a music video where the emotions of the scene are not communicated through acting but through poorly chosen music and different movie speeds (read slow motion ). <br /> <br /> Think about "Edison" being a curiosity. It is certain he has a hell to kill, but the performance is destroyed by Timberlake, who simply does not work. In the movie, as with most art, when one thing is turned off, the whole thing feels gone. Directors have to make a difficult decision. David J. Burke did not have a mark here. Some scenes play well in themselves and in their own right but as a whole they do not seem to fit like a puzzle of various puzzles forced into one disjointed image. And it's not an interesting jigsaw puzzle.
