When the film seems unnecessary and incomprehensible, the book can always find a cause: either it was useless to start, or it's a place that can not be easily transferred to a movie, or a movie missed a point, which is the most common of these results, and that the simplest, especially when it is a place that is not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; every reader of the book had to feel it and felt as if he had got it; but I suspect most of them can not say words. I'm not sure I can be alone, but maybe it's coming or something like this: things are coming, things are going, that's life, but we go on; or, in any case, some of us - people like Morvern - are doing it. Undoubtedly, a more erudite critic could create a more appropriate definition. But the important thing is that there is a point - maybe it's a summary of the whole story - and that this is the main thing you should watch and transmit by adapting the story of the movie. The creator of this film clearly lacked this point and did not replace one of his own; so the film is about nothing. <br /> <br /> It is not the usual complaint of the book lover that his favorite text has been violated. Committing the book is something that I reluctantly admitted: reading, I found out that it was bloody harassment and the opportunity to kick the creator into his pants and get him to finish the job properly. The story should be the work of Morvern, but this illusion is constantly scattered by dozens of different kinds of literary effects as if the author threw her with a pen; there are discrepancies in style and tone as if different sections were composed at different times; and all the conclusions I can make about Morvern have to remain unlikely because it was not certain what its consequences the author intended and did not do. For example, despite Morvern's self-characterization as a raver, am I right that in the end a Scottish girl of the working class and under her cover is downloading music that is not so different from previous generations? Anyway, despite my irritation with the author, I could not deny that his book was stuck with me; and what I could not get out of the head was the attitude of his character, her angle to a world that was almost as alive as Goya's portrait. Morvern is a kind of person who always encounters situations rather comical and somewhat terrible; they occasionally invite them, but they often land on it like flies, so much of her life consists of any couch, but a charming slogging, unknowingly practical and unconsciously philosophical - and that does not quite start with it in an idiosyncratic way. The complex of incidents and Morvern's reactions to them are the essence of the book, and its achievement would be difficult to illuminate when exposed to the cross-section of existence; for all my dislike of the book, I see it. <br /> <br /> Just described Morvern is not a Morvern movie; or if it is, most of it is kept out of the screen. The actress, perhaps fit for the character, was at the right time the right age is Angharad Rees from the old television series "Poldark". Samantha Morton then appears to be a good actor: she is rather the same actress, and in one of her earlier films, "Jesus' son" played a girl who, with some modifications, could change to that. Unfortunately, as it turned out, the film does not have a character from a book to play. First of all, the book is such that, if it is to be dramatized, it practically criticizes monologues as the main character of the audience; without her comments, her perspective, her voice, the story loses most of her meaning. It lost more because the adapter cleaned it out of its comic and terrible elements: the most unforgettable incidents in the book are shortened before they get angry, so Morvern's reactions (whether fun or unpleasant, depending on the mood) are also missing and incidents no longer the reason they are in the story. In short, the filmmaker decided to turn a lively, sharp, serious comic book into a fine artistic television film for some reason and chose it as a typical picture of one of Mrs. Morton who dies in artistically shady melancholy; as if Morvern had narrated, there was a crossroad tour. That's not what the book, or the Morvern book. Second, Morvern from the film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview that she did not have time to study the accent) and should be: it is important that she, her family and her friends are from a single place. Finally, the film is missing the end of the story: Morvern spends everything he has and comes home to the icy darkness: it's cold, the dam is frozen, the power is gone, and the pub is dark. The rest of it, and the rest of all the rest, is an unsuccessful artistic film, a dead film, about a subject whose strength lies in her refusal or indigenous incompetence whenever she surrenders to the dead.
