After watching a dozen episodes, I decided to give up this show because it shows an unrealistic way of mathematical modeling. In episodes that Charlie predicted the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models, I thought my profession was joking. I'm not a mathematician, instead a chemical engineer, but I'm working a lot with mathematical models. So I will try to explain to the layman why it turned out to be coming to "recognize" the fairy tales. <br /> <br /> First, choosing the right model to predict the situation is a challenging task. Charlie Eppes is portrayed as a genius, but he too would have to spend a lot of time exploring a suitable model, specifically to try to guess what someone is going to do or where he will be in the near future. Individuals are irregular and random, they are not modeled for them. Isaac Asimov even wrote about it in the 1950s. Even if there was a model for a particular kind of individual, it would be probable (stochastic), which means that it has a good chance of making a bad prediction. Second, assuming that the correct model for someone or the situation is detected, the model parameters must be known. These parameters are equation constants, such as gravitational acceleration (9.8 m / s2), and often can not be easily determined. Again, Charlie Eppes would have to be someone out of genius to know the right parameters of the model he chooses. And after selecting the model and parameters it would have to be tested. They are not special, and thanks to the miracle it fits exactly to the situation that is predicted. Third, a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected not only by numbers, but also by sci-fi films: the computational effort needed to solve these models. Make sure Excel solves a complex model with many equations and variables, and find the work of Herculean. Even if Charlie Eppes has the right software to solve his models, he could be stuck with hardware that will be terribly slow. And even with the right combination of software / hardware, the model solution can take days to be reached. Immediately solves them! I could use my computer in my research work, I would be very happy. As dramas it is by no means the best performance. The characters are somewhat stereotypical, but not even fun, like those in Big Bang Theory. The crimes are boring, and the way Charlie Eppes solves, sometimes causes the FBI to look quite incompetent. For some lay people, it can work. For the second, the way things are done is difficult to swallow!
