Canadian TV leaves again and creates another show that will fail after the premiere episode. <br /> <br /> I last remembered that the sitcom was supposed to trigger the reaction that we were in a laughing business call. How fun to beat the stereotype of all white people who think that all Muslims are terrorists? OK, maybe just one joke, just to hold the mass. But not 30 minutes. It's called a hurt horse. Even the SNL would know that it was giving up after the commercial break. <br /> <br /> We also have a bit of conflict in these scripts. Either she or she will not be able to serve cucumber sandwiches to break fast in Ramadan? When will Ramadan begin? Ohhhhh it's Emmy here. <br /> <br /> And characters! What characters ?! It's all cardboard cutouts without it being interesting to want to follow us from one situation to another. That's the point of a sitcom. We must have strong, interesting and dynamic characters to be constantly attracted to the TV every week. We have to take care of these characters to worry about the problems they will get next week. Unless I see these characters, it will be soon. Fortunately I do not remember any of their names (note on CBC - that's not a good sign). And acting is so insignificant. It is more casting than actors. None of these people really embody the characters they play. They seem to play their part as if they were working on the movie of the week. Sitcoms require actors who live and breathe this figure - to make us fall in love with them - where they become inseparable from the character they display. Watch every American sitcom and see how easily identifiable characters are. Part of the problem lies in the fact that actors seem to be dealing with this project as if it were a platform for bigger and better things instead of being a great character of life for which they will spend the next eight years. This level of dislike in attitudes and project shows. But to be honest about the poor concept and horrible writing, there's not much to do with the actor, but to tell their lines and try not to put some furniture in it. As another commentator said, it seems to be a television movie, not a sitcom. And overhead or scarcity! What can I say, Canada has so much talent, look at what makes a comedy channel with puppets killing and dividing. Check out the trailer park boy (not the movie cause it bit big helium dog). Check out any American show to see the potential of our talent, because that's where many of our stars are looking for decent work. Give CBC credit, they really know how to build publicity for an accident. Remember "One"? No - do not even try to learn the names of the characters in this show as it will definitely go along the way. Let's hope we all hope it's coming out of Ceebe for a long time.
