This show is a perfect example of how CBC should hold either news, sports or satirical sketch comedy. As a sitcom developer, CBC showed she could combine pizazz "King Kensington" with her belly laughs "The Beachcombers". It's embarrassing to great shows such as "Children in the Hall" and "Second City", which must share their comedic roots with this lame production. I have to admit that I did not give this show much chance before I first heard of his concept. To begin with, half of the concept is a direct attempt to eliminate one of the few serious achievements in the English-Canadian history of Corner Gas. The rest of the concept - cultural conflict - is far from original and is too often used as a crutches for writing lazy on the screen. The choice of Muslim religion as the basis for the characters "fish from the water" seems to be a desperate attempt to be "nervous" and "up-to-date", but it seems forced. Some of the jokes that are based on the reaction of the local population to the newly arrived are provoked and thoroughly offensive to the intelligence of all those involved, especially the viewers. This show is a perfect example of how CBC is simply not "getting" this about creating Canadian content, especially when it presents Canada as a multicultural environment. Canadian cultural diversity may not be presented in such a powerful and coercive way. if CBC introduced diversity to a TV show without showing that this variety is manifested, I doubt CBC has enough filming talent to get something so delicate It could compare the way in which diversity is shown in Corner Gas - that is, indigenous characters are not differentiated by ethnic origin, nor do their legacies create stories.More realistically, their lives and other characters intertwine in such a way that ethnicity is not more important than any other person's personal qualities. <br /> <br /> This is in fact, even as a formula fish - a water comedy that fails, the game is weak, comical transitions across the map, and the stories I've seen were too far behind the cessation of faith, even for comedy. The only rescue grace is talented Derek McGrath, which is terribly useless here. I doubt even the addition of guest stars (such as Colin Mochrie as Anglican Archbishop) can save the dog. I decided to give the show a chance once CBC 'hype' disappeared; but two episodes were all I could have done - I could almost feel my brains closing with each failed line. The time interval would be better served by sending more Coronation Street, Air Farce re-runs or Dr. Who. Even infomercial would be an improvement.
