Do you think that with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter this movie would be much better. It is sad that the film suffers from difficult-to-believe characters and the big problem of conspiracy that some of the characters face in the face of the brain. The film begins with Ingrid Bergman working for the Stoddard family. Everything is so magnificent and swollen - the family loves Bergman and things can not be more perfect. Well, until the mother died (Fay Wray), the stock market crashed in 1907 (extermination of family property), and Bergman is forced to return home to France. This part of the film is a bit sticky sweet, but it's not bad. Later, after the family improved, Bergman returned. The four boys are now all grown, and there is no really reasonable reason why they could hire her again as a governess. But, briefly, everything is growing again. But when the First World War comes, all four go to war - God! In the middle of this one of the sons (David) brings his new wife (Susan Hayward). Miss Hayward's character is as black and white as the others, although they are all good and swollen, of course is a horny demon. To make it worse, he comes to live in a family home while David is in the war. Now it's a place where the film really, really stupid - brain-painfully stupid. Hayward starts a relationship with one of David's brothers, but when Father sees a silhouette of lovers, Bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends to be her, not Hayward and Jack! WHY?! Why would a reasonable man do that to save the ass of an obviously evil and captivating woman? It was exactly such an eloquent reason why Bergman got rid of it for a moment. It's just a case of miserable writing and I was going crazy ... and most likely it did to the audience back in 1941. The rest of the film consists of unsuccessful opportunities for unsuccessful occasions for Hayward's anger to be exposed. It just flies against common sense and filmed the film with a stupid melodramatic disorder. As expected, however, the truth eventually came out and they all grew again - happy that it was a great love for a wonderful family except the whore, Hayward. The film suffers from bad writing. Hayward's point did not make sense - at least in how it was solved. And having characters that are so good or bad (with nothing in between), this film is down to the level of second soap. The only thing that keeps it at all is acting - trying best with a turgid script. Just say that Columbia Pictures writers who shot this movie were to be killed by a dead chick!
