I recently found that the novel Madeleine L'Engle was transformed into a Disney TV film and ordered a DVD. The book was my favorite when I was a kid and I read it several times. In spite of some children's actors that resemble the characters described in the novel, Murry's family is well-liked, with nice (if too nice) Meg in the center and Charles Wallace, who is convincing as a child miraculous without being irritating. <br /> <br /> The first half hour is pretty promising, it does a good job of creating relationships between the main characters and setting the scene. Unfortunately, as soon as the inhuman characters appear, the adaptation begins to disintegrate and as soon as the children leave the country, the whole thing falls apart. Alfred Woodward is too youthful and too royal because the eccentric Mrs. Whatsit (you think Miriam Margolis or Joan Plowright instead) and Kate Nelligan's face is so masked and insignificant has to visit plastic surgeon Faye Dunaway in recent years. For some reason they do their lady, who looks like Glinda of The Wizard of Oz, to remind her of the harmless witch of the West. Ultimately, what makes it worse is the terrible special effects and artistic direction. I understand it's a television movie, but CGI looked like something that could have been done 15 years ago. The incarnation of Mrs. Whatsits' centauri is a catastrophe, just like Chewbacca as a suit for Aunt Beast, who in the novel is a velvety, elegant creature instead of what appears here as an impersonal Big Foot. I could go on, almost every artistic choice is a disaster, probably because there was not enough budget for justice, but also because design work lacks imagination and good judgment. <br /> <br /> It would really need the miracle that Spielberg brought to his early films. What a pity that by the current popularity of adapting a series of literary fantasies for children, nobody has ever thought about wrinkle adjustment over time, and it's a sequel to a big screen that gives her the range it deserves.
