At the beginning of the movie, you can double check the DVD cover and re-read the synopsis several times, but no worries. It's not "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you bought; just an intro movie that is much more elegant and stylish than it has the right to be. Still, the opening is by far the best of the film, because it shows how the Samurai sword will attract his wife to adultery in 1840. He takes these two mistresses before they do some hara-kiri (ritual suicide through uprooting). To date, the US Ambassador to Japan welcomes a friendly family and leads them to the same house where the abovementioned defeat took place almost half a century ago. From now on, it becomes a seemingly routine haunted house, but the totally retarded and unlikely scenario is still somewhat exceptional. Let's start with good aspects, namely the original Japanese setting and the presence of delicious Susan George, my favorite British horror fan (well, along with Brit Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). Bad aspects simply include that the script is incoherent, insignificant, and indeed full of supposedly disturbing twists and turns. The restless spirits of the house will soon start having fun in the bodies of the new tenants and causing them to do and say a variety of crazy things. The spirit of a massacred adulteress is particularly pleased to turn Susanna's exhaustive prey into a furious lead! In this "obsessed" state, even the American Ambassador attracts out to sex in the garden of a supreme dinner, full of great guests. So strictly, it's not really the "evil" that lives in the house; just a trio of dirty spirits with dirty minds and too much free time on their long dead hands! Obviously, these scenes are comic rather than frightening, especially because the light blue and transparent shapes resemble the cute spiritual effects that were later promoted in "Ghostbusters." The "house where evil lives" is probably the least scary fantasy film ever. Most of the time you will be wondering if director Kevin Connor (who still made excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted his movie to be humorous and crowded, for example "Motel Hell". But then again, everyone in the cast still speaks his line with a direct and honest face, so I think we had to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. "The house where the evil is living" is never exciting or even exciting, and does not contain any terrible images except the massacre at the beginning. I'm fully aware of how pale it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George goes horribly are the only truths. Well, maybe you and the invasion of cheesy and ridiculously nice spiders (or crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How completely random and irrelevant was that? If you ever decided to give this movie a chance, regardless of its bad reputation, make sure you leave your sense of mind and thoughts on the threshold. <br /> <br /> Trivia note for horror fans: Keep an eye open for a demon-mask that was also the pinnacle of the scenery in brilliant Japanese horror classical Onibaby.
