I do not think that anyone who would sit to see this film would have expected something remotely appear like a classic tale of ghosts, but you have to ask for them to finish, if you were ever afraid. It really does not work at this level, but the cast tries hard and the movie is missing on one of those happy endings. The story is about an American couple who travels to Kyoto, Japan to Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) could write a book and bring his wife Laura (Susan George) and their daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works at the US Consulate, helps them find the house they live in and finds him who is scary. About 140 years earlier in the same house, Samurai found his wife cheating, and he killed both of them and then committed suicide. Their spirits still inhabit the house, and when Fletcher comes, it does not take long before special things start to happen. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** <br /> <br /> Sometimes the bodies Fletcherových ghosts appear and begin to behave like Japanese people who have been before and Laura begins to flirt with Alex, which leads to an affair. Meanwhile, Ted began to behave more strictly, and after pouring the soup into her throat, Amy was about to ask the monks for help. Unfortunately, ghosts will get Ted, Laura and Alex to play their death scene, as it happened 140 years ago. This film was directed by Kevin Connor, who is known as a good television director, but he has done horror and sci-fi films before and has collaborated with McClure on some of them. While it never fails to be a scary or evolving atmosphere, it has two things I liked. First of all, he does not have one of those curved ends where the couple hugs after the defeat of the demons. Instead, it ends in a very bloody battle, where everyone is subject to evil spirits. Second, Susan George is in the cast! I have always been a fan of her, although she has appeared in most cases, but her performances are always the highest. Also usually she appears naked, what's he doing here in two separate stages, and while no classic features, has a unique perspective on how it looks on it, and it is one reason why it was so popular. But after I appeared in silly movies like this, I think it led to her getting out of work or working only sporadically. It's not a bad movie, but it's never convincing and looking at how the ghosts crazy around when the monk gives exorcism is practically worthy of giggle or two. It follows that this is stupid and I hope that George decides to renew his career.
