Director Kevin Connor and playful action hero / romantic leader Doug McClure, re-teaming in this ghost story in Japan. In the 1970s, they were slightly successful, like "The Land That Time Forgot" (1975), "The Earth's Core" (1976), etc. Without plastic monsters, and the derivative in the most cruel way. The film begins with a prologue set in the 19th century with a Samurai husband who kills his wife and her mistress before committing suicide. Moving forward to the present is a married couple Ted & Laura, visits Japan and moves to a house where a tragedy took place. No surprise about what's going on, with the ghosts of the dead beginning to take over the new inhabitants with family friend Alex (McClure) who takes over the role of a woman's mistress. <br /> <br /> Everything shakes shamelessly with the elegance and grace of the charging elephant, the inevitable (but surprisingly falling) conclusion. The main points of interest are two facile decapitations ("Omen" has a lot to say that it promotes it as a standard horrible set) and love scenes that contain silly but extremely fragile Susan George. The first of these is a long-inspired "Do not Be Away" inspirational work with his mushroom, complete with piano music; the second is much shorter (probably on her urging) involvement with McClure, they both look quite uncomfortable. Anyway, every cloud has a silver lining, and both scenes show her fantastic hammers, so it's all gone. Overall, I can not decide whether "the house where the evil is living" is waste or amorous masochistically. If you are not in the genre, there is nothing at all, but for horror fans it is probably a rather provocative mixed rythmic smile and an appealing recognition of respect for the effort. BEST SCENE - in any other film, big shows would be stolen, big, black, climbing trees and Japanese mumbles. They are overshadowed by the legendary family dining scene where a spooky head appears in the soup daughters. Looking at this apparition, she asks what soup is (!!!!) to say beef and veg, before the "Ugh-in my soup is a terrible face". If that's not enough, the answer is, "C'mon, eat soup for my dad." Laurel & Hardy rest in a piece.
