The film opens with a quiet roof of a traditional Japanese house with a quilt roof that sits on the side of a small hill, and the title "KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840" appears on the screen. The young Japanese Samurai practitioner, named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama), is on the way to the house, waiting inside Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has a matter for her husband, Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) to be a Masanori teacher. Shugoro unexpectedly comes home to find his wife and student with very confidential relationships. His honor was destroyed by the furious samurai brutally murdering otam and masanori before committing suicide. A hundred years later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrives in Japan for a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and their young daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Their close friend, Alex Curtis (Doug McClure), who works for the US Consulate, helps them find their place to stay, you do not need me where! He says it's so cheap because it's creepy that Ted and Laura are laughing because he obviously does not believe ghosts, at least for the time being. Almost instantly the movie goes into cliche mode. The lights turn on and off themselves, Laura feels he does not feel like this, and the local Zen monk (Henry Mitow) gives them a sinister warning to leave before it's too late, which of course ignores them. Ghosts Otami, Masanori, and Shugoro were condemned for eternity to stay in the walls of the house because of the curse of Majyo Witch (Tsuyako Olajima). But there may be a way they can break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family it could become their marriage, daughter, and eventually life itself. <br /> <br /> Director Kevin Connor I thought it was a fairly average film, OK, so you can watch once if you have nothing better, but after a day or two you probably have completely forgotten. Nothing is memorable in the memory, but on the other hand the film has nothing good. James Hardiman's Robert Suhosky's screenplay is a little dull and accurate, according to numbers, there are lots of spooky shots in the movie, but none of that is very interesting or exciting and flat, and the direction does not help things. There are several stupid sequences, like the giant plastic crabs that try to get Amy and her watch, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where Zen Monk exorcises the house and ghosts are driven outdoors can not get back, but it is until Ted simply opens the door and they just just walk back, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to have Doug McClure, who was 47 years old when he did, try his hand on Kung Fu and the Oriental sword to fight! George had several times managed to get her fingers, including a very neural sexual scene with McClure, although great pains and a couple of bedding had been adhered to as a superpowered to ensure that nudity did not appear. Apart from a few games that are mostly not on the screen, there is no blood, gore, or violence that we are talking about. "Transparent" spirits are fine, but today they will not perceive many people. It's professionally shot and looks quite nice, but the potential in the Japanese environment and myths is wasted because this movie could be located in America, England or any western country without having to change anything. Good news.
