I will not bother with a drawing synopsis because you know what the film is about, and there is not much of a conspiracy. I have seen several reviewers who call ISOYG as a "anti-rape" film or even a feminist statement, and I just have to hear the sinister hypocrisy of these claims. First, what do we see on the cover of this movie? That's right: a beautiful woman stands behind him. Zardi's attempt to make a racist statement - and I do not believe it - is just next door. The film is the marketing of sex and the irritation of sexual assault and the material is so graphical (everything but the real penetration is shown) that NEVER, but the heavy cores exploit the crowd will like it. ) in the movie is unpleasant, brutal and hard to watch. Something should be said to have presented a terrible crime in such brutal light, but there was no reason why this scene should last for 30 minutes, none. There was also little development of the character of the victim and only one of the rapists is slightly developed (just moments before he was assassinated), so the scene is not at all interested in the emotional level. Indeed, it's only shown to show extreme sexual violence and you can say that according to the films, ISOYG is associated with IMDb (Caligula, Cannibal Ferox, etc.) that attracts only the exploiting crowd. <br /> <br /> Finally, several reviewers appreciated Zarchi's so-called documentary style and lack of soundtrack. But when I consider how different things are in the film (acting, script, etc.), I suspect that this is a financial decision and the film looks like a documentary because it literally placed the camera and let its porn-california actors do their thing. /> <br /> I do not want everything on my high horse to talk about the content of ISOYG. I'm for exploitation / horror and love of video. In fact, I'm giving this film three stars just because it really pushes the envelope much further than any other movies. But it's also done badly and after rape, just plain boring for the rest of the movie, when we look at a bunch of fools, mostly without murderers, and we'll wait for the credits to roll. <br /> <br /> It's probably worth watching once if you are a heavy 70's fan, but I tell you, the film is generally bad and really worth its famous reputation.
