I've seen Gator Bait movies and that's almost the same as you. A woman is sexually assaulted by a group of devastated men and systematically exerts her venal revenge on each of them. The thing that distinguishes this film from those that are (though not too far) is that sexual content is not celebrated. Throughout the movie, the whole nudity queue is many times, but not for a moment it's always sexy. Some of the rape scenarios may seem a bit big, but that's just because the movie is trying to boost the audience's need to see how this woman is looking for revenge. It is a weak film, there is no other way of keeping a different interest than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman avenge her invaders. I Spit On Your Grave is not the type of movie you expect to bring serious morality, but I was glad that because it contained a significant amount of violence caused by female leadership, it was not meant to be the movie T & A. B-films are famous by being driven by nudity and out of control of adolescent sexuality, and while I Spit On You Grave is undoubtedly a B-movie and contains more than his share of nakedness, nudity does not follow the story. On the other hand, the only thing that drives the story is the empty need to avenge a group of rapists. These men are evolutionary outages just as they were in Gator Bait, and the biggest challenge for writers is that they have come up with new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason why the film can never be anything more than a meaningful film B is because it does not provide no message, but instead simply satisfies the audience's desire to see many opponents get exactly what they deserve. <br /> <br /> One problem that results is that we have to face sexual assaults. What's strange is that the first part of the film is that part that contains the highest nakedness (though not much), but it is by far the most painful to watch. We are even a little bit lazy as we watch the woman revenge because a couple of deaths were so complicated that it is clearly impossible (it seems like pure luck that the boy in the lake had at the end such a tremendous desire to hug the engine on the boat and press his the sex organs on the propeller and will remain so while the woman yells at him the last few words and pulls the string), but again, this film will only satisfy the desire for vengeance that the first half filled us. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) You know that's all that the film means to do, because it literally ends when the last man is killed. A woman lives unluckyly, writes her book, does not go away and never returns to the nightmare, just gets on the boat and the engines around the lake while the movie simply stops in its tracks. But hey, what do you guys know? Oh, and you read the slogan? If you decide to waste time watching this, try to find someone who would break or burn. I was really looking forward to you ??
