It is impossible to understand what the producers have been trying to do for this unpleasant adaptation. A group of top actors, in the main film (with some notable exceptions), who perform quite well. Penelope Keith is perfect as Aunt Louise and Joanna Lumley is as good as Diana. Everyone is doing well the scripts given to them. <br /> <br /> So much for the good. The diameter would include sets. Nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book, although the bizarre house that they use for Dower House looks remarkably like it. So it is clear that the Dower House is too big. In the later parts, the writers decided to bring the whole story back to the UK, probably saving money, though with little imagination I have no doubt that they could re-create Ceylon. <br /> <br /> Screenplay. It's such a terribly poor adaptation, it's hard to find words for conviction. Edward does not die in the battle of Britain, but survives, blind. He makes a short look then commit suicide - why? Loveday has changed from a young woman completely in love with Gus to the wife of a rational farmer who can give up the love of her life barely with tears (less emotional than a brief encounter). Gus, a man lavish and passionately in love, is willing to give up his love without complaining. Walter (Mudge in the book) turns from a shallow, unfaithful husband to a devoted family man. Jess is a psychologically upset young woman who will not talk. Aunt Biddy still has a drink problem, but now without any justification. Dower House is occupied by an army for no apparent reason, except for a very short scene with Jess, fearing armed soldiers. While Miss Mortimer's breasts are absolutely beautiful, I could not see how their impressions were shifted to a plot on several occasions. The beautifully named Nettlebed becomes a secular Dobson. The word limit prevents me from continuing the list. <br /> <br /> There is a sequel (which I have lost all interest in watching this nonsense) and I wonder if changes have been made to create a story. It is difficult to imagine that Rosamund Pilcher would approve of this grotesque perversion of his book; probably lost control when the rights were purchased.
