Dear dear dear dear ... I! I had the strength to look at it ... But why ?! The first two movies are fun and really somewhat good. But it's so bad that we had trouble seeing the whole thing. It was a horror for kids. I can not believe that this movie was made at all ... it looks like props that have been taken from some bad western series of a kind (for kids) and just doing what they've done. audience is for this movie? I can only think of children aged 12-14 years. If you are over 14, you will have serious problems with this movie. It's not just slow, but it's totally boring. The characters are exaggerated (not just a little bit) and so stereotypical it's funny for a while ... but it's not enough to not want you to have the tomato on the screen. You know everything that happens too, yes ... you've seen it billions of times in any proud series on kids' television. I chose all the survivors, and all the trembling fed the other character they introduced. It's so bad ... so bad ... so ... bullshit. <br /> <br /> But all right, we laughed from time to time. It's not just a stupid punch plot, it's about the scenes that are worth playing or two ... or a scene where two shaking kids are thrown on one of the obvious feed fodder ... It's really a great scene, repeat it again to laugh again and cheerfully. It still scares me when I think about it. But it happened once again sadly ... and that's when the gunman "bad" appears and overcomes his amazing ... and one comment "They're coming out of the ground like some DEMON DREAM!" At this point, we almost laughed with laughter. But after that ... nothing would ever be top-not that .. (...) .. so it's quite downhill from here. <br /> <br /> So the peaks here are demonic trout and exaggeration. If someone ever says it's a good movie ... it's either a "plant", a vegetable, or someone very bad. This movie is supposed to be the worst of the tracks away. We look forward to meeting Tremors 3, it's okay that it's a hit box compared to this ... this ... * goosebumps * no .. I do not want it.
