OK, I know a lot of people will probably oppose this review because Watership Down is a "classic" and a standard part of the childhood of most people, but when I see this movie for the first time at the age of 18, I have to admit: I really hated it. We watched this movie because my sister read the book and really enjoyed it, and many people who shouted at the words "Watership Down" - their memories of seeing the children's film and their emotions torn at the seams - recommended it. To be honest, I wish I did not bother. I gave him an advantage of doubt; I generally do not like watching the movie halfway down. That was an exception. It was really, really, unbearably, daringly boring. This movie was perhaps the slowest thing I've ever seen (imagine star stellar in the universe so far) and it really did not do it for me. The art was fine; the backgrounds were nicely made, if not tiny and twee, but the rabbits themselves were not too cute and the animation was rather grim and badly made. I will not go into gigantic detail about the story; Basically, it is the story of a group of rabbits who are leaving their war due to the infiltration of people in the area. A generally moralistic story about the dangers of human interactions in the environment uses anthropomorphic rabbits to send a message. For me, I wanted them to get on the gas, not because I was a terrible sadistic person, but because the characters were unbearable, annoying, boring and generally quite rough (oh, I'm terribly English). I found myself constantly watching the clock while watching the movie, and it took about 20 minutes for anything to happen, and it was even a terrible anti-limax. If I praised in any way, I would have to admit that the concept of showing children the danger of building the countryside and hoping to reveal the arrogance of people etc. is quite good. Maybe it's all sacred and preaching, but the message you are trying to explain is good in nature. Music score was not bad either. <br /> <br /> So, finally, this movie is pretty bad. I could not look at her all the way, or I would probably be forced to eat my own legs in utter boredom. I admit it's not "top" bad, but it still does not look very good in my eyes, so I gave it 2/10. I hope it will help.
