Did I play something or is it a bad smell of Daybreak 1 + 2? Was God for all? What does God have to do with science fiction? God is just the answer if you can not invent a reasonable explanation for something. In fact, that's exactly the problem with the final series - of course they could not figure out a rational explanation for the many questions that were raised throughout the series, such as how Kara Thrace returned from the dead to a brand new viper as her old Slytherin the tanned bodies got on Earth 2, why Baltar has an imaginary head in his head 6, why he has an imaginary Baltar in his head, etc., so they explain the "angels" or simply do not explain it at all. <br /> <br /> The plot of the last two episodes had enough holes that could fly through Basestar. For example, why did Galactica and her crew go on a suicide mission to save a girl (Hera), especially after Adam said there was no way to try to rescue her? Because they found the location of the Cylon Base? This is not a good reason to sacrifice the life of the crew. And how did Anders know this place? And what was the reason for the memories of the lives of the main characters before the war? It's as if they've forgotten it before, so they just dropped something at the last minute. The people who wrote the last two episodes could not be the same writers who created what was so far a sensational series. It feels that writing scripts has been taken over by evangelical Christians on the mission to spread the "Word". Forget about trying to bind the free ends of the plot, the important message the writers wanted to get is: do not make your faith in technology because it will lead to your destruction; God is your ultimate salvation (hard luck if you have a disease that needs healing). Imagine that in the final Star Wars film they say there is no "power" ... instead, the Jedi actually gets its power from Jesus. Then they fly their spacecraft to the nearest star and live in the forest with the Ewoka. Would that be a good end? No, that would not be.
