There are many good things about the new BSG: There are many Cylon roles for models 8 and 6, for example, which two actresses played great. The old school has a sense of industrial design on board Galactica ("My ship will not be interconnected through my corpse!") Also all the space battles, special effects (even if an experienced sci-fi observer confirms cartoons all) The darkness of the characters, their fundamentally flawed nature. It makes it even worse that the end was so childish. Yes, the first part, the scenes in the universe, the Cylon raid and everything that was very good. But the muscular end? I always look at movies and shows today with a hidden timer, so I never know how much time is left to the end. So it was a special kind of torture for me to make it happen again and again. Every time I thought it was the last scene, the last shot, I have one more. Each frakking character has a complete end! It was not really necessary. What really highlighted the amateur of all schools: Roslin young scenes. Why is it important for us to know that: {a} she lost her sisters and father in a terrible accident and {b} that she had one night stand with a former student / student? What's the story? Where was the connection? Now I'm all for accessing more European style and for random acts in movies and shows, and all, but that was just ridiculous. This story did not make any sense. I also saw "Last Frakkin Special" and Ron revealed his own insincerity about the conspiracy: he could not come up with the good end of the story, so ... he just did not do it! There is never so much about characters as the last episode. The whole idea "was a thousand years in the past", the mitochondrial thing of Eve, was also used in the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, and believe me there are a lot of BSG observers who know this story H2G2. And when we talk about the Game, now it's a story that has NOT been chosen, ALL. Instead we get Roslinka, a former pupil who is 20 years younger. Do not get me wrong, I'm for older women with younger men. The more energy they have. But this ... just did not make sense. Overall (writing in) this series is as erroneous as its characters intended. This even applies to the moreso for the last episode. I hope lost and 24 better, with their final series.
