In the thirties of the 20th century, fashion shows for documentary films about the remote corners of the world, with the emphasis on wild animals, exotic terrain and primitive people with unusual cultures. In spite of the logistics of film crew transport to a distant and dangerous place and their return to life (with movie footage), these films were often much cheaper than the usual Hollywood features ... because they were not costly scenarios, costumes or high-priced films. The most successful filmmakers (artistically and financially) were Martin E. Johnson and his wife Ax, who made several documentaries (sometimes with obviously organized events) in Africa and Asia. Johnsons' safari films were immensely popular, inspiring several parodies ... most notably Wheeler & Woolsey's "It's Africa," in which very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Ms. Johnson-Martini (instead of Martin E. Johnson, geddit?) . Although at this time several documentary safari produced several films, Johnsons' movies were the most popular in this genre because they relied on humor. From the point of view of our more enlightened (I hope), it is a serious mistake in Johnsons' documentary films: there are too many scenes in which funny little browns or yellow people look like complete idiots easily created by clever white bwana Johnson and his wife. <br /> <br /> One of the elements of these films is the presence of Axis Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she seemed young to be his daughter. While she is definitely not as attractive as the beautiful blonde Esther Muirova, Axel Johnson was a pearl brunette who performed improvisational performances in the films she co-produced with her husband. "Congorilla" is probably the best of Johnsons' movies. Congressional views of the Congo are interesting and have historical value as a proof of how this environment looked like in the 1930s. The shots of Pygmies and other natives are also interesting, though these suffer from Johnson's hobbies posing events in a way that makes natives look "wild" and alien. The best (and most entertaining) scene in Congorilla is an improvised sequence in which the Johnson Axis tries to teach jazz dance to some pygmy women. (Dance is a black bottom, no less ... the same dance that Bob Hope famously taught Daisy and Violet Hilton, coupled twins.) Johnson's Axion wears jodhpurs, riding boots and a helmet on the skin, begins scat-singing makes tall steps and slaps knees in an attempt to teach this dance to African women. They just stood there looking at her, apparently wondering what the crazy white woman was trying to achieve. It's a very funny scene, but it has unpleasant undertones. Johnson's axis makes a dance invented by black Americans: it seems that Black Africans would instinctively be able to dance after a short demonstration (using a natural rhythm, I think) because it's in their blood or something. <br /> <br /> I'm going to "Congorilla" 4 points out of 10. This movie tells a bit about African life in the 1930s and a little more about American cultural perception in the same decade.
