It's not a movie that you can actually analyze separately from its production. The audience has become filmmakers in the same degree in the history of the American film industry; we felt so interested that viewing became like watching a friend's work. How can it be objective? This is our movie, is not it? Or is it? Perhaps it is nothing less disturbing than a filmmaker who as a friend of the audience is pushing and giving them all the nasty treatment that hate critics would have denied. See that the lead speaks to Eli Roth, who promises the gore-hounds that all the viscera is missing from the virtually clumsy mainstream movies just to culminate with a ruined and technically incompetent work like a Hostel. <br /> <br /> David R. Ellis probably did not spawn the monster, which was an internet response to his film, but he was reasonably quick with him. He took the Carnival School of Film Making to a new level and made fans to build what they eventually bought. So many people over this interactive, democratic approach to filmmaking complained that it seemed to them that they lacked this - it is the most cynical form of film marketing. Nothing is included that movie players know that fans will not buy, and any old design that gets into seat seats is incorporated. The fact that the pitch has become a name tells you everything you need to know. Is not it just a focus-oriented approach? Individual creativity, talent, craft, thoughts are all sacrificed to the misfortune of the Mass. It is critical that focus groups and test projections do not lead to good films - why should inter vention prevention of Internet enthusiasts be different? Because we are the fans of the movie? All right, thank God for us, otherwise I might not have seen a woman without a pole leg to have her snake bite snake. <br /> <br /> So, yes, I was having fun in the movie - in a pub and a bucket of ice cream - but in fact it had little to do with the film and quite a lot to do with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know whether it was with the movie or the movie. With a movie that counts like this, is it even a meaningful resolution? There are some really good aspects to the film. Samuel L. Jackson gives a mock performance, pure self-parody, but with a real sense of joy. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in a limited number and there are one or two inspired moments - the dog's fate is a really humorous black comedy that the rest of the film can not imitate. <br /> <br /> Action characters are expected, but the overall lack of tension is not. What is the meaning of a movie that combines two great phobias, unless it is a dreadful threat? There are several moments that occur in snake, but they are unbelievably misleading. Only an unpleasant British man gets a decent shrinking death - the other killings are strangely flat. For example, a deceased married couple is shamefully defeated. Most actors can not make an impression; it's a shame that a charismatic actor like Julianna Margulies should look so tired (when she tells two kids to shut their eyes and pretends to be a roller-coaster flight, she can talk to the audience - the film is too short). <br /> <br /> There are worse movies, but there are many, much better; another reviewer on this site compared this film to the film "Lake Placid" and it's like a contrast to everyone I think. The movie worked so great, because the performances were great, the jokes were fun, the exciting sequences were frightening and not drawn up by the committee. That the characters had a small depth and the shading was an unexpected bonus. I do not need a noon post to show that she will be doing well with this movie. This film loses itself over time and becomes a mere remark in the history of the film. But if it is a precedent, I'm really concerned about what our screens might be in a few years. Most likely, nothing will be great. Permanent favorite popcorn - "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Alien", "Halloween" and, of course, "Star Wars" - are simply not created by group ideas. <br /> <br /> I will tell you - I have no taste for some Ingmar Bergman.
