Oh dear Lord, how on Earth was some part of this movie ever approved by someone? Cheese is from the beginning to the end, but it's not even a good cheese. It's the dirty, coldest and most delicious cheese, and I can not believe there's someone who actually really enjoyed it. Yes, if you saw it with a pack of drunk friends, some bits could be fun in a sad way, but for the rest of the audience they are just fun parts when that group of buddies throws popcorn and offensive insults on themselves and the screen. I was looking at it with a couple-laughing guy because I had a couple of beers in preparation to smile at the expected stupidity of the film. We have badness (lots), but not laughter. He does not even qualify as such-bad-is-a good movie. It's just bad. Very bad. Here's why (look, if you're a spoilerfriend): The movie starts with a guy who beats another man to death. Okay, I was a few minutes late, so I was not sure why it was, but I think I understand that "this guy is a little bad that you do not want to be wrong", a message for the genius scene. And the guy testifies. So we already have our ultra-bad bad guy and cute (seemingly) good guy. Cue Hero. Big Sam advances on the scene in the usual way, rescuing a good guy in the usual way that only bad action movies can do, That Hero is immune to bullets, everyone else fell in somewhat clumsy. Cue first hole holes. How the hell knows Sammy knows where the guy is, or he's been watching the murder. Perhaps this and the answers to all my conspiracy questions were explained in two minutes before I went to the cinema, but I doubt it. In fact, I'm going to overlay the holes in this plot so I will not change the film to something like Swiss cheese (which we all know is a good cheese). So, "conspiracy" (very generous word to use). A good guy has to get to LA, a bad guy would rather not, Hero Sam stands between the two. Cue scenery for the next hour causing vomiting - a passenger plane. As I said, I'm not touching a conspiracy, I'll just let it go. Personal airplane. Next, the vital component that has not been so far out of this gem of the film and what does it all do - Snakes. Yeah! Oh, the break. First of all, we have an introduction to all the mandatory features that a lame film must have. Hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how they die), dead in front of all the snakes - even the British guy (those crazy Britons, eh?), Cute Kids and Jo Brand. For all Americans, it is an English comic known for its size and neatness. Now that we have met, we will see that everyone will die (except, of course, cute children). Do not expect anything original, it's just a snake bite on different and increasingly cheerful (not really) parts of the body. Make use of your imagination because film makers apparently did not use theirs. <br /> <br /> So it is the majority of the film wrapped, so now for the best bit, the end. As expected, everything is so happy that the plane will land that everyone in sight will start sucking the face. Yeah, Ice-cool Sammy included. But wait, we're not out of the plane! The last guy to get is a good guy, but just like he's biting him with a snake (of all things). It is obvious that he was hiding in Mr. Jack's hair all the time, because he managed to resist the pressure trick that a good old hero used a few minutes ago, despite the centipede 200ft (the one) can not. So Sam shoots him and snake in one parachute. At this point, I prayed that the film is going to make the much-needed turn and reveals that the whole hero was actually a traitor of some sort. But not. In the form of a cake pudding (but with constant cheese, remember), it is obvious that the top of the film was a built-in vest. How can anyone think that the audience ten years ago, let alone in 2006, would be overwhelmed by their ingenuity, it's out of my mind, but it was good when filming. <br /> <br /> Done. After all they got their face (Uncle Sam with a leading actress, a good guy with Tiffany, a black guy toy with a white girl and a hot couple in the heart of a warming bout of necrophilia), it's time for a good guy and a hero to get on. ... In Bali !!! No, it was not exciting at all, exclamations were only there to represent my complete pleasure in seeing the role. Yes, the final film of the film is a festive trip that tells the story that there was a little male ties and the chances of any fool who really enjoyed the film to meet several times. And it is done. It's the first time I ever made a film review, but I felt so strongly that someone had to talk about this disaster of cinema. If you like planes, snakes, Samuel L.Jackson, air hostesses, bad guys, surfing, dogs in bags or English people, please do not see this movie. This will pollute your opinion of all the above so far that you will never want to come into contact with any of them ever again. Go instead to United 93. That was good.
