"The Victory of Vargas" is one of those bright family films you can watch while making a crossword puzzle at N.Y. Times. And if you want to go to the kitchen for taco and corona, you do not have to "pause" the DVD. Just leave it because it's not really important. No twists, turns or tensions. It's not really an ethnic movie, it's a film about a poor, battling immigrant family that will become Latino. It could be an ethnic group. It had only a very small difference. I saw it a million ago. Just join a Jewish family, an Italian family, a black family, or an Irish family. Only accents and names were different. If the Vargas family was named Bush or Clinton and was presbyterian, the film would be a complete rush. <br /> <br /> It's funny that critics could not get localization here straight away. Some said it was Spanish Harlem. Some Bronx and other Brooklyn. As a lifelong New Yorker I vote for the Lower East Side. And it seemed that the family never faced anyone other than the Latinos. They lived in an isolated / isolated little enclave. Some interactions with non-Latinos could cause some excitement, interest or tension. Remember West Side Story? And now for critically acclaimed cinematography. I do not know if it was my TV or what, but all the inner shots looked very orange to me. Apt, furniture and faces were all ORANGE. What was that supposed to mean? A apt. it looked quite intricate. Somebody mentioned that the old apt / rental houses had very large rooms. Well, perhaps 50 years ago. What the homeowners have done is to divide a large part into two or three very small and to push as many immigrants as possible into them. <br /> <br /> And another annoying thing .... This is the second family movie I saw this week and criticized for representing a teenage boy who is "jerking". Is this private sexual work necessary for us to watch? Please win me! What about these directors? <br /> <br /> So, "Victor Vargas" is a nice little movie. It was nice if it turned out that young Latin actors got a break and a chance to show their talents, which they did. But the writers let them down and give them a flat, invisible script that you can work with. Enjoy the show, but keep your fingers close to the "fast" button.
