The more I analyze this film, the worse it happens. First, why is the motivational speaker? The part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megalomaniac trying to dominate the world rely on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really so upset? First, he can not decide what he wants to do to drive the world, so he looks at the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas I can supply really do not have any reliability (For example, the "Home of Ismael and Isaac will scream in horror" could already happen. It could have been a synagogue burned during the Krystalnacht, and mosques could be very good mosques blown up in Baghdad or something.) And the Gillen Lane family! They had no role but to give family values ​​to platfrom and dress their eyes with water! I would like to add that since Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane was only in his twenties (or it is my impression that I have) and has a ten-year-old child, he had his child in high school. Yeah, it's family values ​​of TBN. So why should this movie be such a damn propaganda? I repeat what the senior reviewer said. Indyana Jones's films use Christian mythology as a two-story plot and manipulate it well to be heady. This movie does not do that. The start begins well when Michael Ironsides plays a priest who somehow kills scholars and steals the dead man's Omega code. Then, when confronted by two men who are clearly afraid, two prophets call it: "Tell your lord that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) responded "already knows" and points to a small camera. That part tainted me. It was just such a scene that I loved this film. I'll give Michael credit: he'll do a great job of getting out of his character, like Michael Ironsides. But good guys are terrible. I've gone to Lane's family. Now that I'm playing, I'm going to make a plot. This is apparently a Baptist movie because our beloved pope from the Vatican is portrayed as an oaf. The world domination that I liked and which was good and fine, as well as the actions were also thrilling and well done. Also, other diatribe against the Vatican, their leaders being considered dogmatically, because Gillen explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world but the beginning of the new. The Vatican (or Israelis) also says their departure is withdrawn from the World Union because they used the Omega code to control the world. Whoever it was, they would not just be cut off, they sent a squad and killed them. This is the equivalent of America who knew the KGB would kill the president and simply say, "We will not talk to you any more!". Come on! I liked scenes where we see the bombers facing Israel and see them again on the monitor. Intermediate.
