I was very disappointed with this film for several reasons. It's really decent for the first half hour. Although acting is not better than what you would find in a rap video, it's a little funny and the production value does not seem to be half bad. In fact, I almost thought it would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent Dominican film), which turned out to be much better than I expected. The story of the film revolves around not only cheating spouses, but how women are perceived and treated in Dominican society as a whole, making it a good premise, especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately, I do not think the creators of this film rely on a good movie about how you treat your subject, and that they f'ing fried the pasta cake they had before. About 30 minutes into the film, the role of men and women is reversed after the wife with the main characters gives him some charm as a result of his cheating habits. Not only will this transition become what looks like a peak, a cosmic age, CGI effects that date back to what I think it was in the 1970s, but the whole site just goes down to sewer. The rest of the film is nothing but cheese predictable situations and smart single envelopes. To start with it all (and I think I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) it all turns out to be a dream. Oh, what did not he see? Oh, I almost forgot about the most advanced film. But after about an hour I'll start thinking "hmmmm something does not seem right about the soundtrack, but what can it be?" and then hit me THE MOVIE OF MUSIC IN THE FILM WAS OBTAINED FROM THE VIDEO OF THE CAPITAL FIGHTER 95. When oh when you give us a movie, can we call art? Perhaps a comedy that would correspond to the French Amelie, or an action film that would match Thai Ong-Bak, animation like Akira was in Japan, a humorous crime thriller like Layer Cake was in England or social awakening, states. <br /> <br /> ... I'd give him 1, but I've seen a lot worse than DR, looking for Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
