Lifting Victor Vargas: Review <br /> <br /> You know, lifting Victor Vargas is like sticking your hands to a large, pelvic bowl of oatmeal. It's hot and noisy, but you're not sure if it's right. Try anyway, no matter how warm and gooey Victory happened to Viktor Vargas I always realized that something is not right. Victor Vargas suffers a certain exaggeration on the director. The director seems to think that Latino's ethnic culture on the bottom of the East and an idyllic story would make criticism of the film. He was right, but he did not do it to me. Victor Vargas lifting is the story of a seventeen-year-old boy named, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuka), who lives in his teenage age and chases more skirts than Rolling Stones could do for all the years he traveled. The film begins in 'Ugly Fat' Donna, where Victor will surely seduce her, but a scream from outside interferes with his plans when his best friend Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes to him. Caught in an attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas ran for damage control. Yet even with the embarrassing consequences of boffing the youngest girl in the neighborhood, nothing will deter young Victor from going to hunting for fresh meat. On a hot day of New York, they get to the local public pool, where Victor's eyes glimpse the beautiful young nymph of Judy (Judy Marte), which is not just pretty, but also strong and independent. The relationship that develops between Victor and Judah becomes the center of the film. The story also focuses on the family of Victor, made up of his grandmother or abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also plays a real brother to Victor, Silvestre Rasuka) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). Action follows Victor between scenes with Judah and scenes with his family. Victor is trying to cope with being an overpowering father-father, with his feelings for Judy and the conservative Catholic upbringing of his grandmother. The problems that arise from the victory of Victor Vargas are few but ugly mistakes. Throughout the movie, you will recognize some characters like Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend Melonie. The problem is that we know nothing about Victor Vargas except he's the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how he licked his lips, he was pampered, and that he was forced to import the girls into a sack, but that's all. We know that Nino plays the piano and quietly, you saw it for the prize in the family piano. We know that his sister Nicki is a girl who loves gossip and has invested in watching television. We know that grandmother is a hard-working traditional Latina woman who tries to raise her children conservatively in a world of excessive corruption. But where is the titular figure Victor Vargas? It's somewhere in this movie, but we only know what the film tells us. This is by far the biggest bug of the movie. Victor Vargas is not a character, but a ping-pong ball, jumping between the scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never know who Victor Vargas really is. This is important because, as I mentioned, all we know about Victor Vargas is that he is a sexually active adolescent with Manhattan-sized libido. It's a total alpha-man. Victor Vargas is not a kind of character with whom I am in complete sympathy. Why would anyone? So, by the end of the movie, after the peak, we are really led to believe that Victor Vargas somehow reached any depth and learned the mistakes of his ways? How could such a two-dimensional figure have some depth? If the director was just a little afraid that he was able to shape his head instead of fearing he would have such a perfect hand. <br /> <br /> Lifting Victor Vargas brings the world to the neighborhood of the Latino area on a large screen. Something that has made several movies in the past. The film was comforted by feeling real, and not focusing on it. I did not see this level of reality because CBS broadcast Survivor. Seriously, although the film has some nice shots from the city, writer / director Peter Sollett was too dependent on detailed photographs and handheld images. This problem is especially observed in covered scenes that are so claustrophobic that I was forced to perform deep breathing in order not to lose. As the movie continues, the shots are stiffened and tighter with the cheeks trimmed from the eyebrows to the chin on the screen; you can practically feel the cheap cologne prices of Victor Vargas. The overall effect, on the other hand, is unrealistic. Interior scenes of apartment buildings cause them to look small and cramps, which is not true. I was in these types of flats; I lived in one. They are not beautiful but have high ceilings and decent living spaces. According to film standards, you would think that these flats were 5x5 cells of bricks and mortars, cleaved colors and cracks. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of details and one bad shot, approaching one scene, looks like a completely amateur. But Raising Victor Vargas is only Sollet's second film and his best known film-making effort, which improves when he continues to make films. One review I read summed up the film as "Ethnicity for Ethnicity's Sake," and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas was really a great movie and a story then the usability of the characters would not be a question of whether Latino, Chinese, etc. Still, you should take this story and keep it in a middle class suburb with a lot of teeny -boppy white kids, such hot reviews and we would see the film's faults clearer. Some other aspects of using Latinos in this movie really worry me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are the exact next, I have to ask. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky share the same room to sleep. That caused me an alarm because it seemed to contradict what I believe. Any family who values ​​their own families would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was not sure, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother, I knew my problem with this was right. Considering how conservative grandmother is, you think Vicky would be asleep in her room. Like Latino, who grew up in somewhat conservative Cuban household, raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full time, I could relate to the film in many respects, which is why my critical views are bitter, because I really wanted to love this film. Unfortunately, my lack of respect for Victor Vargas has made my feelings out of the movie. Maybe it's because Victor Vargas reminds me of those guys who got laid when I played with Sega Genesis when I was seventeen. Perhaps this is because without further introspection of the film, Victor Vargas is only a stereotype warm-blooded Latino who ends up crying out for girls from his car, "Hey bay-bee, I want to get into my luck Mah-Cheen?" In any case I do not like it, so how can I like a movie about him? So if you excuse me, I'll keep my hands in the bowl of pieces. <br /> <br />
