When teens go on a camper van trip, there are many cliches that you can guarantee that will follow. <br /> <br /> 1) Teenagers will be warned not to go where the crazy local goes. Dan Van Husen deals with the deadly Sirens with this absurd exposure. Who, how, and why they are solved in an almost incomprehensible explosion. 2) The vehicle breaks down. 3) When looking for help, the group will be divided and selected one by one by any monster they were warned about. 4) Find a house inhabited by a fool that captures them. 5) The house will have a phone, but it will not work, it will be disturbedly decorated, neon light, spiders and worms will flash. 6) The fool is about to escape in a vehicle that does not start (here should be a high-speed getaway on the tractor). 7) The fool will probably be killed just to get back from the dead due to cheap, weak fear and then be killed. 8) Only the girl will remain in the group. 9) At the end it will be useless. <br /> <br /> Add to these elements the naked Sirens (to which the characters seem to react in different ways of surprise, even though everyone who sees them should immediately fall into lust) and kills the teens, the throats are torn and the bodies are drawn in half and you have something like a twelve-year-old boy's dream movie. I think it's fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as possible, but I would like to point out that there are several elements that bordering on pleasure and are a great improvement on the previous Darkhunters movie, which is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. At a time when cinema is very good, music and editing are rendered above previous movies and other low-budget horror. I was amazed by the fact that I heard that it was achieved by one third of the money spent on the previous monstrosities. However, the worst things about this movie are not in the body of the movie, it is eventually slightly diverted if it is a useless film that is repeatedly done, but among the DVD extras. <br /> <br /> If you borrow the movie, we ask you to listen to the director's comments, it's a conviction. We can say more about it than the film itself. One stunning part of the commentary is the director's claim that the film is a cliché of lead because it was an idea. He says it's a deliberate attempt to use all clichés, and he asks openly whether "people will accept it". <br /> <br /> I am afraid that if it is to be a smart nod and a wink on the films of the past and the genre cliché in them, then it is not funny written, it was in a suitable tone or routing with enough style for work. If this film was made to order, I was asked to ask one question; "What was that supposed to be?" It is true that it just slips directly into the canon of bad horror films, any attempt to make something clever or otherwise does not work. Another brilliance nugget is an interview about snobbery towards digital movie formats. They just point out that digital technology is often synonymous with the ease and ease of use. However, the best moment of a conversation comes when they fear the fact that when Michael Mann shoots a movie in the format, he is labeled as a visionary. There is a simple distinction; Mann is a talented director who uses the format to fit his story and style. Roberts is a horrible hack that uses it to produce genre images in the lower field. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not only arrogant but redundant. The best moment is reserved for Robert's comments on people who have taken the time to read their previous film. Those who do not like it are generalized as "geeks" and even go so as to omit specific people because they have the nerves to express their opinion on the forums that encourage them to do so. I have to admit I was a little disappointed that my reviews of his latest film were not chosen for ridicule. Tirade goes on, as a group of jokes about Norwegian reviewers, supplemented by "merry" accents that suggest that people from Norway would not know a good film simply because of where they were born. As always, these kinds of comments say more about those who say than the ones they are focusing on, they just make the director and his friends look unconscious. Headline package with a tasteful featurette about how the sirens were busy. Robert swears in a blind voice, "I did not want to shoot a movie that would be like Baywatch," because we see bankruptcy ribbons of naked and naked girls circling the ground. There is also a sympathetic, self-indulgent document on the creation of Darkhunters, during which Robert says the reviewer claimed that Forest is "the best British film in years". I do not know who they are trying to convince. At one point in the commentary, Robert is jokingly saying, "I see people sitting at home when they say it's not amazing that it's not bad.
