I have never been a passionate viewer of the "Crocodile Hunter," but occasionally saw an episode or a bit of an episode, and when the news of Steve Irwin's death from the Stingray Attack in 2006 spread, I certainly caught my attention. This film with Steve and his wife Terri, played by himself, but in a fictional story, was released in 2002, but a few years later I did not hear about it, and it took me a while to see it. Well, now I've seen it, and after I first looked at it (more than once) and when I saw its rating, I was not surprised how it turned out to be insignificant, though it might have been better. It seems to be a comedy, so the main problem with it is that it's not fun at all. <br /> <br /> The American satellite beacon falls out of space and the country in Australia, where it is devoured by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from a place where they terrorize cattle on a ranch owned by Brozzy Drewitt and do not know what's inside, two CIA agents are sent to Australia to get a beacon! Agents are helping Jo Buckley and the ranch owner and her dogs could make their mission even harder for them! On Steve and Terri, they face other species of dangerous wildlife, not just crocodiles, and because they have no idea that the crocone has anything unusual when Steve sees the CIA agents behind them, they are missing them as poachers! <br /> <br /> Not only was I not allowed to watch this movie, the only part that really hurt me was Steve Irwin using a big snake to frighten one of the CIA agents. Besides, I do not think I found anything even funny. It's also a bit disjointed clutter, switching and playing from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters, and it looks like clips from the "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from the action thriller (or something like that) have come together for some reason. This mix also adds ranch scenes that seem to be somewhere else, and how fun it is like Brozzie Drewitt played by Magda Szubanski is not. At one point, we see her teasing her, so we have a fictional joke in a modern comedy, a key cliché! Are they so hard to resist? I also found typical Crocodile Hunter scenes, Crocodiles who struggled with Steve and held another dangerous creature and talked to them to be boring, but I think the fact that I was never a devoted fan of the show did not help. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has admired many as nature preservers and is sadly missing them, while there are also those who say he took possession of nature and came to him. Regardless of which side you are, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-designed movie. I'm sure it will help if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even though you are not a guarantee that you would love this movie because some fans were obviously not amazed. In fact, some of them find this movie worse than me, so maybe it will not help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I think you could think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was useless. An attempt to combine what is usually seen in "Crocodile Hunter" with a fictitious story has unfortunately failed, and the viewer may find that this film seems to be more than ninety minutes long!
