Forest of the Damned begins with five young friends, brother and sister Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland) along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood) their words are not mine. Anyway, before realizing it, they are deep in the woods and Emilio clumsily runs over a woman (Frances Da Costa) along with a heavily injured person to add to their problems, the van they travel in does not start, and they can not get any signals on the cell phones . They need to find help quickly so that Molly and Judd roam in the hope of finding a house as time goes by and darkness begins to fall, it is obvious that they are not alone and that there is something ugly lurking in the forest ... <br /> <br / > This English production has been written and directed by Johannes Roberts, who has looked at several other reviews and reviews on both IMDb and the Internet. The damn seems to share the view with some of them, no, personally, it did not do much. The script is credited to Roberts' screen, but here at IMDb, Joseph London is featured with "other screenwriting material", no matter what it means, it's your basic slasher thing like Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) with your basic hopeless adolescent victim are reflected, but they use the interesting concept of fallen angels who are harassing the forest and killing people for reasons that are never explained to great satisfaction. Then there's Stephen, who always plays fantastic Tom Savini, who never has any justification for what he's doing. Is there to get the victims for the angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by hitting his head? The story is very free, never felt like the right film. Characters are poor, dialogue is not much better, and the lack of any significant story makes it harder to access or do anything. He said he was moving at a reasonable pace and there are some decent scenes. Director Johannes does nothing special, it's not a particularly stylish or flash movie that he could look at. There are some decent horror scenes, and the characters Tom Savini is great every time he's on the screen (though why did not he hear that Judd broke the door down with his ax as he ran with Molly?) And it's a shame when he kills him. There are some decent gore scenes, someone has a dirty head, it's decapitation, someone gets a shotgun, someone's throat is bruised, some lips are biting and someone is torn in half. There is also plenty of full frontal nudity for a woman, not that it will help a lot. Technically, Forest of the Damned is fine, it's pretty well made, but nothing special or eye-catching. It was filmed in England and Wales and it is absolutely strange to see the English environment for a very American thematic backdrop. The game is usually bad enough, except Savini, who deserves to be better than this one. Shaun Hutson, a horror writer, has an embarrassing portrait at the end and proves that he should keep writing rather than playing. Forest of the Damned was a pretty bad horror movie, it seems to have fans, so maybe I miss something, but it's not a movie for which I have a lot of favors. Apart from one or two decent moments, there is not much to recommend.
