From the beginning, this movie was horrible! Why was it wrong? If this is not a naked woman, not only if she needs a decent plastic surgeon, but also a dentist's expertise followed by a free hand from Colgate bleaching! Then he's a "crazy" old guy at a gas station that's not that crazy, but more "I'm not sure how to act a lot, so I'll stare straight and look as stupid as I can pretend to scream in robotic tones about something in the woods" !! Then return to these naked nymphs who need a cure for gum inflammation ... apparently without touching ... and that's according to the initial scene ... they can cause a nasty red-looking rash on the neck that I supposed to be a piece the mass that is missing, but it looks like it could do with some TCP to make it clear. Then you are Sophie Holland, who plays Ally, I've never seen such baaaaaad acting, it's more like "I'm me if I can not have fun anymore, and I do not want to do it so I will not and I'm the smartest cow on the planet, I'm sarcastic, and when I do not have things, I'll be sorry! ", a kind of man ... reminds me of more than 6 year old girl. I do not think it reminds me of the anxiety cameras that remind me of Blair Witch, or how low the budget was in fact the movie when Judd hacked on the "locked" door, although he was really open before he came to unlock the other side! This movie is totally ridiculous! If it was spoof, then it would be successful ... just, but like a horror movie it's just bad !!! I can not even describe everything in this movie that I would have exhausted the room! Although it was funny to watch Andrew drop the raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while Tom Savini's character was totally blind to both hide under the table right in his field of view !! It was even more fun when these two thought they could run on a damn tractor that we all know is the number one that hates the vehicle to get stuck because it's so crazy slow! So it's a wonder they can not get it? And how many people you know they can cut their wrists and then ride for hours, as if nothing happened! No pain, no blood loss, nothing! But the strongest part is when suddenly (and I mean it literally) it's one YEAR later and Molly is still flying through the forest after running out of the nymph and then yeah, well, Shaun Hutson chooses her ... of course not without a line to support his books! (otherwise it's one of my fav authors), but suddenly and without any hint of xplanation about how and why ... she is evil and Hutson attracts to his death, then from the beginning we cut into a crazy guy suddenly wanders the woods with a gas can, and after his "dazzling" performance, why nobody should dare for any reason for any reason ... to encourage nymphs who are stupid to have a little fun while Crazy pours gas everywhere. ... and this is the end of the movie ... finally! My conclusion ... if you were not interested ... absolute waste! There was no idea whatsoever, whoever was pointing the camera needed to shoot ... and thought about doing 99% of the cast! If the right director, the actors and the budget are worth it, it could be decent. But again, low-budget English horror films, but the rest of the genre, the country and the English film industry to be shamed! (And I'm English so I'm allowed to say)! In fact, the only decent and exciting part of the film is in the first 15-20 minutes when we look at how to turn away from the night through the field type. All I still thought was "Jesus Christ in Heaven, why are you why you allowed someone to do it, his absolute cows?" But I can not turn off the movie when I unfortunately watched it. I had to look at Dusk Til Dawn just to remind myself that Tom Savini's got it to work well! If there was a chance for 0/10, then believe me I would have chosen it because this film does not even fit into one point I gave it! <br /> <br /> But it's just my opinion, looking at it and choosing for yourself.
