This movie really works from a rather original idea - I've never seen the nymphs that were cast out of heaven in a horror movie. However, the way this idea works is not at all original; we follow a lot of kids who decide to go for a trip to the forest for some reason. The fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs is more interesting than just another forest full of jellyfish / walnuts / zombies; but really, monsters are just a change of common horror in the theme of forests. Many movies in this film have no single good idea - and it seemed that this person wore his brain cells only with this one. The only real benefit the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they are the beautiful women that the characters want, rather than the horrible grotesque they want to escape. That's good up to the point; but soon gets into boredom, and the almost complete lack of any middle monster story will ensure that the movie never gets out of the "horror trash" category. The Evil Dead has made forests a prime creepy place and films such as The Blair Witch Project; it still makes great horror. This is one of the most important things in the movie, the forest is a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that Forest of the Damned never seems to have a lot on the sleeve. Sequences of death show a distinct lack of imagination, and the fact that all characters are in extreme clichés does not help because you are more likely to look forward to being killed than hoping to get away. Cast is mainly children, but plays Tom Savini's role here; who unfortunately can not have fun in the special effects department. The only real uplifting of the film is where the staff are, it comes from the nymphs themselves. Nude ladies tend to look great, and if it were not for them, this movie would be very boring very quickly. This film is not really recommended; but if you want a little horror film that reflects in the style of the eighty-year-old gloss, you can find some delight here.
