People tried to believe that the precondition of this absurd supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the real last word spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name is currently missing me). While waiting for the execution in the electric chair, he declared that his soul would return to life and continue the murder. It's not a very original idea to turn the horror movie by the way. Other low-budget turkeys performed exactly the same basic assumption as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". Anyway, "First Power" (aka "Pentagram") is not a terrible effort, but the script too goes into a cliché and lacks real excitement. The movie begins as well, although a light serial murder in which the obsessive cop-hero Lou Diamond Philips chases a maniac who carries the bloody pentagrams into his victim's chest. He gets unexpected help from the spiritual media played by the gorgeous and underestimated Tracy Griffith. They lead him to the murderer, but he also asks not to do it, because it would lead to an even bigger disaster! Thanks to Tessa's helpful tips, Detective Logan quickly captures the murderer and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrik Channing has entered into a contract with Satan himself and has returned to the spoiled California streets to make another killing. The "first power" becomes bad as the killer reincarnates as a revengeful spirit. Instead of using his newly acquired Satanic power to destroy the whole world (that's what I would do in my position), Channing just prefers to play cat and mouse games with his copper enemy. He is uncomfortably called "Buddy-Boy" all the time and has the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues to cheat him. Even if you are never really boring or badly aware, it's a very weak film to endure, mostly because you still feel déjà-vu. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff immodestly uses every terrible cliché (the killer sexually abused as a child) and even player lines can easily be predicted. Once Griffith explains that he is able to predict the future, you just know that somewhere at some point in the movie he will call the ridiculously unused line "I say to people who have to live their lives, but my own life is a mess." Yawn. The performance of Lou Diamond Philips is sufficient, but it is quite difficult to take the young rebellions "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" serious as hard copper. There are also decent support roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When Aliens Calls") and B-movie horror legend David Gale ("Re-animator") appear in a small story at the very beginning of the film.
