Madison is not too bad - if you like simplistic, harmless, "family-friendly" fares, and more importantly, if you do not know absolutely about unlimited seaplane racing. If you, like me, grew up with sports and your heroes you had names like Musson, Muncey, Cantrell, Slovak, etc. Get ready for disappointment. Professional film critics have long commented on the formal nature of the film and its preoccupation to use every turbulent cliché in books. I do not have to repeat what they said. I felt, unfortunately, missing a sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydroterations in the "years of fame" (which many would argue were already in 1971). Yes, it was great to see the old classical boats running six steps, though it was clear that the restored versions (hats off to volunteers at Hydroplane and Race Boat Museum) were treated through lower-speed scenes. But where was the sound? A lot of excitement from old water motorcycles was the gruesome rage of six Allison or Rolls-Merlin aircraft engines that rose to the point where their designers never imagined and hit the starting line right in front of you. You did not hear it, you did it. Lovers of real water engines know exactly what I'm talking about. It's nothing in Madison. Instead, each racing scene is buried under what is to be a "heroic" musical score. And then there are close-up shots of drivers who walk seamlessly and comfortably in the cockpit as if they were relaxed in state-of-the-art luxury limousines, in some cases they took the time to think badly about how best to suppress the poor home-city heroes. Or in a particularly absurd shot when he realized that Jake Lloyd was giving a "late" greeting from the bridge. In fact, some unrestricted drivers wore waistcoats to minimize the defeats they took when boats shot through rocky water at a speed of more than 150 mph. As one reviewer, he said, "Sport deserves better than this." Finally, since another user has brought anachronisms, I add one: the Seattle image is shown by Kingdome and Safeco Field. It did not even exist in 1971
