It's a kind of genre, which means you like musicals from the 1950s or not. If you do, you will love it. I personally prefer the 1930s and most of the 40s of the musicals with dancing talents Astaire and Rogers and Eleanor Powell, Bill Robinson, Ruby Keeler, James Cagney, Temple Shirley and so on, but 50s songs, slower numbers and soap melodies For decades everything turns me away. The film is a case in point. The first song was fine, but three more did not do anything to me. At that time, the story did not really like it. The presence of Deborah Kerr is another minus. I do not think I saw the movie I played in that I liked, including this one where the teacher of the English two-story English portrait devotes half of the movie that threatens to leave Siam. (The one she had!). <br /> <br /> However, I divorced from likes-and-dislikes, there is no denying that Rogers and Hammerstein's production has a lot to appeal to many people, especially those who liked "The Sound Of Music" for ten years later. There are similarities in R & H musicals. So if you like Julie Andrews, you'd like it. <br /> <br /> This is a Lavish production, yes, the capital "L." This is the kind of great production musicals you have rarely seen after this generation. Unlike today's laborers, you also get dubbed singers, where the actress can not really sing, so Marnie Nixon comes to Kerr, as Natalie Wood did in "West Side Story" and Audrey Hepburn in "My Fair Lady." <br /> <br /> Yul Brynner is the King of Mongkut and is a stereotypical traditionalist, and the other filmmakers are always portraying in a negative way. It is not "progressive," because the left wings as a speech, but the teacher of education (Kerr, as "Anna Leonowens") puts it straight. Today's worldly advances are always higher teachers than people who are trying to cure cancer! However, Yul is in this role well, and even employs some comedy along with his more-bark-than-bite character. He is probably the great star of this film. Brynner had magnetism. Even in The Magnificent Seven, Yul was the cowboy who fascinated the audience. Overall, this is a great movie for his day and millions of people enjoy it. I'll leave it in it.
