Shocking! Shocking! Shocking! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the film's intention was: to watch the circling and negotiation of "moving and shaking" producing film. In some cases, they are people who represent themselves as others than they are. I did not need a movie that would tell me how few people in the film industry are. I suppose I'm in the wrong place because I expected something like "Roman Holiday". I'm not a filmmaker or film lessons, but it seemed to me that the film consisted of a series of "double-winged" (mainly) where the actors (!) Were delivered with a free line and had to improvise the dialogue. Henry Jaglon claims that he and Victoria Foy actually wrote the script, but the impression was that actors who knew about the general direction of the film extemporized the dialogue - and that was not always successful. Such a case was when Ron Silver made a note that did not really run along the line of conversation (and I will not go back!) And Greta Scacchi laughed even though they had a serious conversation because Silver's note was so inconsistent. You get the impression that one actor deliberately tries to "misbehave" the other actor and break his concentration. Another example is when the producer tells Silver that he will "bring" & #% # # # # documents "(three times), the silver looked literally lost for words, and I saw one more film that looked like a series of dramatic workshops on improvisation and The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (no foreigner to Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami and Maximilian Schell suggests that he was "a slow news week." Peter Bogdanovich always had his face "what this I look like I'm a director and screenwriter - not an actor, "which would not be necessary to say, Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in supporting her son, Liame, and in addition to the disturbing delivery of the dialogue, a distracting camera became irritable, even if it was verosimilitude - as I think it is a "natural" dialogue - and the interest in the principles has become a part of interest for different young people trying to insinuate it into a shot, at least approaching Cinema Verite, so along with the irritating French singing, during which I used the sound mute button, it made 90 minutes for a general disappointment. I think we should avoid apotheosis films like this. Trying to see value in a movie where he has a small credit to prove his perceived transcendental level is misleading. In fact, it was not at all avant-garde. It was not a work of art, but it was not a document. I know it was powerful, but the real test is whether it's fun. I was bored from my skull! It had one redemption: pronounced it correctly "Cannes", so I gave it 3/10.
