Frankly, the concept of "Masters of Horror" had something to do with it. Big time directors of horror, now leaving aside, to give the industry once again a chance of horror, I was the only one from the beginning. That's when I was looking at some episodes ... Oh, it's really bad TV. Not only does it seem that directors get very little funding to direct their skits, but there seem to be guidelines, such as HD shooting. To make a long story short, it's bad for artistic reasons as well as for financial reasons. I can not help, but compare to "Tales From The Crypt" and M.O.H. episodes do not really cost comparisons. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; I think there are a few keys to explaining: TFTC was shorter (about 25 minutes per episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I believe it allows for more dense scenarios, good ideas are repeated more often, better episode reviews, less chance to leave conspiracies confusing or boring. Duration may also be the reason why the budget is better spent on TFTC: directors must have REAL composers of musical music (MOH composers are, if they are not, very bad), REAL agents (while the MOH is nothing but an unknown actor after an unknown actor!), Real Photography Directors and sometimes they can help REAL movie cameras (while MOH is shot on HD cameras with very poorly selected lenses), resulting in TFTC episodes appearing and feeling "cinematic" in the sense that they discovered real actors from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth to Kyle McLachlan to Kirk Douglas, but also Alan Silvestri's filmmakers, great directors such as Dean Cundey, a high-end scriptwriter, and in this sense, each "Tale "was a small film of her own true genre. Compared to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is a relatively poor access to television horror. It's very hard to see if your standards on cinematography are just a little above average, because it looks like a nasty TV series, if not worse. In the first 10 minutes, it is boring and even annoying incredibly fast. Actors will never hear before Wannabe (except for Fairuzy Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but there are only famous episodes of actors). The headquarters for the MZ were good at the beginning, but it's the worst and worst in each episode: now, even if the directors are unknown to the world, what's left? Nothing! And it's funny how full-time directors come to life as they did not even have, for example, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy. If even "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors back to life, who will it be? Maybe the stories from the crypt will be repeated.
