According to IMDb Takashi Miike, the Master of Horror-segment, Imprint, was banned in the US. So I thought I was translating the Swedish review I wrote for her ... It was hard to have NO expectations from Ichi The Killer-director Takashi Miike's episode in the Masters of Horror series. And the DVD cover in the image looked very promising. The story usually takes place in a distant Japanese brothel, sometimes in the 19th century, telling the story of a journalist looking for Komomo, the woman he left and promised to come back. Tired and depressed comes to the brothel and hopes it will be the end of his very long journey. It turned out that one of the prostitutes, a deformed and quiet girl, knows about the Chamber and the desperate man tells her where she is and what happened to her since she left. The story she told him is so gloomy that it's hard to swallow ... The first thing that occurred to me in the episode was how it seemed unnatural that the Japanese cast mostly spoke fluently to Americans-English. But I'll leave it, it's not such a deal. What is a big problem, however, is how the rest is unnecessary. The story of Miike is moving at such a slow pace that I could not share my watch several times in 63 minutes. The extended torrent scene, which takes place somewhere in the middle of the movie, felt so awkward - and pornographic disturbing - that even this scene was not interesting. I felt it was violent just because of the violence itself - no sense of style or purpose. The only scenes that caused me some emotions were the images of bloody frogs that ran down the bottom of the rapid flowing water ... and in their sincerity the only emotions they had caused were disgusting feelings. <br /> <br /> <br /> The journalist who sought the love he left behind plays Billy Drago, the most memorable for me as the murderer of Franktti - Al Capones' White in Brian De Palmas The Untouchables (1987). I've always found Dragos's idea of ​​Nitti that it's very icy (and I think it's good), and that's probably why I was almost upset when I found it so terrible (not good) in this one. It seems that his acting does not involve any feeling or empathy that would point to some really bad overcoming. When his character responds to the terrible things the Komomo was exposed to, I sat on the couch and twisted and tried to escape the terrible events Drago had brought. I am grateful that most of the story is told by Yuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of a geisha, 2005), who plays a deformed prostitute. The final is supposed to be reassuring, maybe even nasty, but I just found out it's a bit ... you know ... "blah" (and I looked at my watch again, right, but he would want the dirty episode to end ). Maybe I made a little smile at the final, but just because I could not help thinking about the episode of Red Dwarf and Upright Chin Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules with their eyes, they look like aliens ... Lucky when you saw that episode and now you decide to see Imprint, I will forever destroy the visual end for you. My first thought, when it finally came to a conclusion that the only thing that made it worthwhile was that Edward Shearmur (the same music I think is used in every episode of this series) was the main theme, and that - if at all - is a big friggin warning, do not you think? One could point to the costume design, Michiko Kitamura, and say there is at least something lacking in style and refinement. but there are so many other movies and TV shows that are far better than to look out of the Japanese "Geisha fashion". It's nothing but inferior and I'm disappointed. Takashi Miike's Masters of Horror episode is boring, insignificant and useless. In other words; It's really, really a bad one!
