I first heard about Unisolu 2 when I was passing the cinema while I was on holiday in America. I really did not notice it until I released the original on the DVD, which led me to find out what his three sequels are. Then I started reading about the Return to the IMDB and asked friends what they thought about it. In spite of their terrible criticism, I still got out of the way to see it and was on the verge of buying until I saw it as a DVD rental. I did not expect much, but I thought it had to be absolutely decent to get a theatrical release in the US. After all, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could have done for me. It's so bad I almost screamed. What a total loss of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's hard to explain how bad this movement is. Honestly. This is an idiotic movie. No, it's more than idiot. I can not believe how it happened. I can not believe someone outside did not kill Micr Rogers. How stupid people can be - first, Van Damme really thinks about the script and the finished film is good. Second, the fact that Xander Berkley, from Terminator 2 and Air Force One, stood for this film. I just can not believe the stupidity of this movie. It gets so serious, but it hits the audience like a spoof. Here's an example: Daughter JCVD ​​(yes, Luc is a human again) - "I want my dad," SETH - "That's me." Yeah, and someone is trying to stop the SETH by pulling out three huge levers - wait for it - ON and OFF written on them. The whole action is like a playing toy. I'm sure the director has modeled Luc's reporter's girlfriend in April O'Neil from the cartoon Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles - she refuses to go because "... she needs her story." I think, come - how many cliches can the movie use? Please listen to me with other IMDB users - do not touch the boat bar. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: Return has nothing to do with the first film at all. In fact, if they were not called UniSols, then you would never know it was a sequel. Luc is a human again - what the hell! The only place to access the Internet is in the stripclub. All the new Uni Sols look as if they were pulled out of the street, they are unconvincing. This is pure torture that can be tracked, so do yourself a favor - you do not have to torture. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo jumps out of the building and shouts "Oh sh * t".
