The infamous "classic" space plan 9 of the Universe Ed Wood contains an outraged stranger who calls the human race, "... stupid, stupid, silly stupid!" I must say that Exhibition A in this studio would probably be this movie, ridiculously stupid science fiction film. Falling action star Jean Claude Van Damme returns to the role he has gained from the original film, Luke, a former universal soldier who now works as a truly good universal soldier. While Van Damme was too big to assume a role in the first two sequels, he was too small to do much of anything other than the fourth Universal Soldier. So, probably by slipping through his breath, he kicks and grunts and nudges ninety minutes of blasts and karate kicks. You'll find a lot of soulless violence, but I'd like to advise you to realize that you have a brain dress at the door when you start watching this thing. Otherwise you could forget where you left him when he was done. <br /> <br /> Luke is called into action against more universal soldiers after a really really bad computer called Seth (makes HAL look like Ghandi) turns all other universal soldiers into evil, merciless murderers. Of course, this is planned, but in this case they kill their creators, not the "enemy," so it's a problem. I love the silly logic of this movie. A logic that believes the supercomputer will create a body for itself that looks ashamed as Michael Jai White to be in this movie. The logic that dictates that Setha's creator is a blue-gray cybernetic stereotype that throws clichés much more often than an old faithful couple. The logic that has the ultimate struggle with karate is characterized by two characters that kick each other, though ten separate broken glass tables within three minutes of the screen. The film also includes a daughter in danger, the wrestler Bill Goldberg as a wrestler dressed as a universal soldier, and the romance that came close to me, I must think that the writers thought they were talking about the novels, it was actually a good thing. And when this movie ends, it ends. A minute after a giant elevator in the final-style explosion, credits are running. No epilogue, not where they are now, no final kiss, just a blast, a hug. Even the creators want to get out of it as soon as possible. <br /> <br /> Though it is not a plan 9, US: TR is a stupid little action movie that would be fun at parties full of noisy Van Damme Fans who liked their hero and actually reached new depths. Do not be seen on a serious stomach.
