We'll open with Colonel Luke Deveraux (Van Damme), the original universal soldier and his bare Asian friend, who pursues the river with what appears to be Universal Soldiers. They almost kill them, and then wait, it was just a field test. Deveraux, which we come to find, is now part of a government-funded society that proposes a new level of universal soldiers. Why he would want to get involved (if you know anything about the original) is never explained and out of my reach. <br /> <br /> A real story will appear after this thin work. The United States government has cut the budget for projects for universal soldiers and in the process has embarrassed SETH (a large artificial mainframe computer that drives universal soldiers). Naturally, he will not be closed without a fight. So it means Van Damme has to go around and take all the new breed of universal soldiers. Which sounds like fun for an action movie and a sequel to it, but that does not stop you from becoming stupid like hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new universal soldiers is Bill Goldberg. It seems you can not break the wrestler's determination in the action movie. It's big, it's hard, right? Poorly. Van Damme apparently has no problem wiping the floor with him ... once ... twice ... three times. This has lost to me here. Then it breaks the glass. The essential part of each action movie, but someone who is involved must have a glass fetish. You must see combat scenes in particular. We must not talk about how nobody cuts or at least jumps. Then put the cherry to the top of this wreck train, they have a SETH (computer) to secure the human body for themselves and as appropriate when they make a black villain (Michael Jai White). Nothing works better than a good white guy fighting a black evil man. Potentially offensive and simply apparent. Nor is it a substitute for Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a miserable sequel. It's alright, it's stupid and it does not matter. The original was nothing poetic, but it was a simple sense of science-fiction and fun at the basic level. There is no continuation. They, however, keep the running of the time in ninety minutes and somehow found a way to compress in a strip club strip. So make a credit where credit is due.
