OK, I've seen this movie to get the wrong one, but with this filter it's the best Unisol movie that now makes the plot Luc Devereux is now a technical expert working with the government with her partner Maggie, who has gone through countless hours of training and fought with him, refine and improve the UniSol program in an effort to create a new, stronger soldier breed that is more sophisticated, smarter and more agile. All new Unisols units that are faster and stronger than their predecessors are connected by artificially intelligent computer system SETH, Self-Evolving Think Helix. When SETH detects that Universal Soldier is scheduled to shut down due to budget cuts, it takes things to its "hands" to protect itself. Killing those who are trying to turn off their power and unleash their platoon of super-soldiers led to Romeo with a torrent, SETH replacement Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to deactivate the built-in program that shuts down SETH in a few hours. With the help of a hacker called Squid, SETH takes the human form. Not only will Luc face an ambitious reporter Erin who will not leave his side, but Luc also has to fight General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH also kidnapped Luc's wounded 13-year-old daughter, Hillary, and is now holding her hostages. Luc is the only person who can save Hillary because Luc knows how UniSol thinks, feels and fights. now there are problems as in any movie, as if somebody found it strange how the reporter just happened to be there and that the soldiers could be flattened by a truck, however when Vanne Damme shoots with one bullet pistol and they die and the last fight scene Unbelievable when Luc is now human and Seth is 5 times stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can take a hit from him. with the final fight, when Luc breaks him up, I was really surprised that his pieces did not harden and did not shape him (Terminator 2). the other thing I'm thinking about is how the hell is Vanne Damme doing to get good actors to play relatives. I think in the case of Vanne Damme that he is completely out of the grid of how this film is science fiction. The musical scores that you have to mention have you ever listened to a song where you would prefer to cut the blackboard with the knife and the universal soldier 2 is such. Good points are that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first one is just one naked scene, while the first is many (still getting scared in the # 1 scene) and the actors in this have some talents while the first was the casting sadists (If you do not believe me to look at it)
