The mind is blinking at exactly what Universal Soldier deserved the sequel. Given that the real star, Dolph Lundgren, would not be able to repeat his role from the original, there is little reason to make this clear tax write-off. We boldly try to fill the gap with professional wrestler Bill Goldberg and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. To their respect, they give their action sequences a good sense of excitement. Bill Goldberg seems to have the time of his life on this film and he really does stutter the fulfillment of the desired comedic villain role. Once, his role is such that he repeats the same line several times and is not irritating. The problem with the audience is that none of these masters really have a sense of comic timing or subtle humor, which makes Lundgren so happy to be watching almost all of his films. And that's where the problem lies. You're not going to see Van Damme because you want to do serious action. You're going because you want a comedy, though unintentional. <br /> <br /> They did not know that many people, Universal Soldier were followed by two direct-to-video sequels. I only saw the first one, which had such a bad value in production, and it was just wondering if it would be a complicated joke. Matt Battaglia was so terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux that once in his career, the view of Jean-Claude Van Damme was acceptable. The film, more or less, totally ignores the stories of the above-mentioned live video streaming, instead of starting a new story that sets to an indefinite time after the events of the original. After years of investigation and explanation, the Unisol project continues with some minor modifications. First, the new Unisols are stronger and more resilient than their older cousins. Secondly, all Unisols are now under the supercomputer called SETH. In the early parts of the film, SETH is primarily a series of abstract graphics inside the glass dome. With the film barely lasting more than eighty minutes, we are quickly told that funding for the army is cut. The Unisol project is on the cutting block, which basically means SETH will be off. SETH, who somehow heard this conversation with means that can never be explained, decides to mobilize Unisols as an army against those who try to stop him. Its only problem is that everyone has to enter code so often to prevent automatic shutdown. Two individuals have the code. SETH kills the first in a short order, and those who are familiar with the drawing set from which Van Damme films are built will estimate who is the next within five seconds. The rest of the film revolves around attempts by Unisols to get the Van Damme code without hurting him too badly. The subplot is dragged into the film with a daughter and a reporter, but adds to the story of Van Damme as an acting career. The film is loaded on the line of ridiculous lines and cliché. When SETH moves his control module into the body of Michael Jai White, we are talking about how human time is over. He continues to tell his feet how fear and mortality will be human weakness. Gee, SETH, do you think our strengths will not be? Everybody takes them aside, the short length of the film is both the weakness and the strength of the film. Remains an action without adequate settings. In the original we get a very thorough explanation of Unisols how they work and how they are brought into a state that is seen in most of the movie. It seems that the writer considers it obvious that the viewer knows what Unisol is and how it works. At least in the original, a moment of curiosity and miracle was created by leaving the explanation later in the movie when the hero lies in the bathtub. Here one of the boobs is shot dead, leaving the massive holes in his uniform (and probably his body) and getting up every time without stopping at his breath. <br /> <br /> I tend to book a score of one for movies that are so bad that they become funny in an entirely unintentional way. If you can see it cheaply, go ahead. This is the kind of movie that lures me with the loss of the Mystery Science Theater.
