In his performance on the unfortunate Milan subclass, this film was probably quite revealed in its time. However, I feel that neorealism has never been the true director of De Sic's sacks, because he decided to try to create a modern fable that would focus on the boy found in the gingerbread cabbage in the country. After spending most of his childhood in an orphanage, Tom ends up living in a cottage in Milan. Organize residents into community events and maintain their mood by shaking their faces unhappily with a constant smile and testing them on their time tables. That no one tells him where to keep time tables is behind me because these people have more important things to think about than the place where Pot Noodle comes from. De Sica then uses a finely gentle dramatic device to pinpoint why these bad bones are in place. It is, of course, all that is commonplace for capitalism, and to prove it, the poor inhabitants have to find an oil fountain on their land. Brilliant! To his respect, this time he gives up a serious film, and the capitalists look like horrible cartoons, all furs and cigars. They want the country, but our mathematical hero will not support such nonsense. A strange ceiling of happiness is revealed by his old, deceased watchman of the cabbage days given in the sky, giving him a magic dove. He uses it to make presents to his friends who have proved as greedy as the smoky people. I think this movie was a missed opportunity. In order to deal with the issue of poverty, which has been done so far by a few filmmakers, and then to get into a fairy tale, I find it a little scary. How do the great directors get away with the children's land, how do we see it here? Hans Christian Anderson probably rejected the idea that poor people flee from the Milan Duomo and a higher place on a broom. De Sica, however, has been declared brilliant. Certainly the fact that these people are so poor that their faith is unshakable and that miracles never happen to them, it is enough for every story to work. <br /> <br />
