This so-called "documentary" is trying to say that the US fake landing on the moon. Year is all right. All those who actually studied the case are different. <br /> <br /> First, it's definitely proof. When astronauts were on the Moon, they brought many kilograms of stone out of the Moon - for geological studies. They spread all over the world to the hundreds of laboratories that tested them. And they all come to the conclusion that they come from the same planet, not Earth, because the internal isotopes of the basic elements differ from those found on Earth but are similar to those that are calculated as monthly. I.E. conspiracy theorists never say anything: they only take a thing that fits into their theory and ignores the rest. Other unjustified claims from them are that they were wind in the hangar, where they shot at the landing of the moon, the TJ flag is moving. There is a logical explanation: the astronaut moved him by the hand, so he moved. And what it turns out: Well, if the conspiracy theorists even studied the shots, they will see that the flag NEVER moves after the cosmonaut left it, I.E. conspiracy theorists are bad scientists, they can not study the subject correctly or just study it until they have what they came up to in order to lie and make a profit (IE this so-called "documentary"). <br /> <br /> The claim asserts that it is possible that it is possible to shoot on the moon because all shadows come from different places because there are different light sources, artificial illumination from the studio. Again, conspiracies theorists wrong (as usual), the same happened in the land of the desert at night, without the sources of light. But I doubt that some conspiracy theorists sometimes found themselves outside the basement of the grandmothers for more than a few days in the Star Treck convention. <br /> <br /> The conspiracy theorists are in denial, BIG TIME. They only see what they want to see. So they create all these lies to make them look important - that's right.
