When I was 16, I saw the document: "An interesting thing has been on the way to the moon." Actually, I liked it and I believed it in a few years. But then I grew up and started to think and when I was looking for more information. These are: more information from tape sources and unstructured resources. When I started attending college, not so long ago, I asked an astronomy assistant for these conspiracy theories. What he said shook me: He said all the theories he lay. It made me uneasy, I first believed it, but then she presented the evidence for her claims. He quickly discovered most of the theories on the subject: "people did not come to the moon". The most suspect claim was that the Apollo Craft could not travel through the Van-Allen belt without the crew losing radiation. The truth is that Americans use secret aluminum alloy against radiation. It's not so well known. And the exact specifications are secret. And why is it a secret: Well, why should they reveal it? If they were in a space race with the Russians, it would be very silly to find out that they have new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. And then there is the greatest proof of all: Monthly stones. When the Apollo-mission DID goes to the moon, they bring back many stones from the Moon to give geologists and similar scientists who document everything about the moon. These rocks and stones are actually from the moon. Because: the inner core elements that make up each mass are also made from special isotopes that differ from quarry to quarry, ground to earth and especially to planets from the planet. The isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proven not to come from the earth. Astronauts brought HOURS home with a kilogram of these rocks, which turned out to be from the earth and from the same planet. Ergo: Monthly landing where it is not fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, although it is not a planet but a satellite on the planet, a moon (duuh). These rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proven: People went to the moon - it is a fact, pronto. But I'm not afraid: most conspiracy theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated, that's mostly why you do not know or lie about these facts. The fact remains: People walked to the moon.
