Johnny Weissmuller's latest "King of the Jungle", 16 years in the role, TARZAN and MERMAIDS, is bound to disappoint all but the deepest of his fans. At the age of 44, the former Olympian, one of Hollywood's most active "partisan animals," had long walked through a slender athletic of youth and looked tired (though he was more isolated than TARZAN AND HUNTRESS). <br /> <br /> Not only did Weissmuller become too old for his role; Johnny Sheffield, a typical "boy," grew up in masculinity (a 17-year-old band), so he was written from a screenplay under the pretext that he was "gone at school." Brenda Joyce, aged 35, appeared in the fourth of five films like "Jane" (she would provide a transition when Lex Barker became Tarzan's new Tarzan in 1949) and was still as sexy as ever. > <br /> Produced by Sol Lesser, at RKO, for a tiny budget, cast and crew have used cheaper work by shooting in Mexico. While this place has given Hispanic air to what was supposedly the darkest of Africa, veteran director Robert Florey used this land considerably by incorporating diving into the cliff and the Aztec temple into the story. When the young island girl (Tyrone Future Bride of Power, Linda Christian) is rescued in the jungle by the Tarzan River, it is learned that the local high priest (George Zucco, one of the harshest villains of the film) practically enslaved the local population and threatened to indemnify the living God will not make his offer. The girl was chosen to become a "god" bride, so she escaped. Faster than you can say, "Is this a stupid conspiracy or CO?", The girl is kidnapped by priests and returns to the island and Tarzan, followed by Jane, the colorful Spanish character "Benjy" (charming played by John Laurenz, who sings several melodies) , and the government commissioner is away to take the deity and his priest (the poor Cheeta left them). After a series of discoveries ("God" is simply a conhánkem in the Aztec mask, working with the priest in milking the island with rich pearl beds), a little indignant action and comic reliefs and songs from Benjy, everything will reach the expected happy conclusion. Notably, TARZAN AND MERMAIDS includes a musical score of brilliant filmmaker Dimitri Tiomkin and is far better than you would expect from this B movie! <br /> <br /> While the film will give Weissmuller time in Tarzan's back, he would immediately end the game (he would immediately continue playing Jungle Jim, the more eloquent variation of Ape Man in khakis), this talent brought the overall product at least a bit higher than total disorder that might be. <br /> <br /> Tarzan is about to change and becomes much nicer ...
