It's probably probably the most retarded 80 slasher ever realized but how can you be hard on a movie that offers non-stop pictures of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exciting bodies doing aerobic exercise, showers and wandering in tight gym outfits? Before it becomes a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90-minute promo video that encourages the use of steroids, silicones and other body-stimulating fitness products. If you missed all the shots of the shabby boys that lifted the weights and the wonderful girls that dragged on what happened, until the unbearable 80th tunes, it was probably only 15 minutes of the story. A lot of time to improvise the plot about a sadistic killer killing young health junk with a big security pin (yeah). The film opens with the girl's inadvertently cheerful screenplay, which is fired between the electric solar equipment. A few years later, dead people appear in the same spa. You do not have to be a really experienced horror fanatic or rocket scientist to find out that there is a link between the murders and the burning incidence, now you're doing it? Investigating the case is seemingly a police officer (and Charles Napier looks alike!) And a private detective who is lucky with the most beautiful beauty of the 80s I've ever seen! Looking at credits, she's obviously named Dianne Copeland, and she's doing nothing but this turkey meat and the immortal film Troma called "Surf Nazis must die." What an unnecessary opportunity! Perhaps she was not a great actress, but she certainly had two great big benefits to help her take off in the show business. The amount of gore and the quality of make-up effects are nothing special. We've been treated with some bizarre pinholes with a pin and some grilled human body. Losing the plot near the end is ridiculous and predictable, but at that time no one will take the film anymore. "Aerobicide" (aka "Killer Workout") is recommended if you want to switch all your brain functions for one night, but you will still feel like watching a movie! In fact, it would mean an amazing double-feature with "Death Spa". Both films have lots of sexy and barely dressed girls? and both movies are pretty stupid.
