I saw "Paris is T'Aime" because a friend really wanted to see so I went with him. When I walked in, I was indifferent to the film, but I left the theater, I really regretted spending two hours of life sitting in this tepid production. "Stories" are almost forgotten, except for the fact that most of them were terrible. What does Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara have in common with Paris? The endless show of American actors definitely gave this French film a remarkably non-French feel. The clichés of Paris were endless. Yes, most of them played with clichés about Paris, but she spent so much time making fun of the French cliché and, unfortunately, promoted them again. Yes, Paris is a city of love. We got it. The worst segments were: the one directed by Wes Craven (Oscar Wilde); the one with Nick Nolt; mime one (worst?); hair products one; the one with Juliette Binoche (Willem Dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of Paris?); Vampire One (When I think of Paris I think of Elijah Wood). One with Natalia Portman, who really looked like a Mentos ad and was stupid (a blind man should know that Portman was just playing part when she called him). He and he went. I felt endless. I also did not like Coen Bros. It really plays with those Paris clichés, but it did not find it funny. Just annoying. Gus Van Sant was interesting, but he was so weak (and the obvious expression was clear) he was barely registered. There were only two "successful" segments, and it was one of the immigrant babies who left their child in kindergarten just to enjoy a rich woman's baby. Nice irony. And the segment about the African who is stabbed. It's the best segment in the whole movie, but this segment has nothing to do with Paris. The story could take place in any city around the world. The last segment, middle-aged, was also interesting, but the basic tone was bad. They wanted to celebrate her limited understanding of French, but the segment fell out of condescension. The whole project felt compelled and inconspicuous. Like the French government, this film has encouraged the promotion of tourism. Overall, just about 10 to 15 minutes of interesting things, "Paris is T'Aime" was a terrible movie experience.
