My wife and I have just finished this movie and I came to IMDb to talk to reviewers who found this film less than satisfactory. However, of the 10 pages of reviews, only a handful are negative. I feel that this movie is a great concept that is terribly bad and I want to alert those who are watching the film for the future. I admit that I'm inspired to write reviews when I do not like the movie as if I did it so little reviews are all negative. Still, it does not mean I'm interested in not having to look forward to the film, but I often find eloquent reviews of the films I love. Paris's t'aime is the most powerful film ever seen in years. By using the "smart" concept and putting some great talents on several paths to many, I'm telling the film is the worst of all worlds. It's art for art, but something 2 years old can dream and achieve. Putting the director free for five minutes on the screen proves why there is a division of labor even in entertainment. Directors can not write, writers can not drive. (I would also like to think that Clint Eastwood is overvalued, but it's because he's an actor, a director who rarely works.) What ends up on the screen is a distorted mess of stories that make no sense, they are not completed in 5 minutes and overall will spoil Paris. Why do we call it Paris is t'aime when it's a bit bigger than the f * ck cluster? There are only a few stories that are observable, most notably a piece of Alfonso Cuarón, but everything else falls into the unknown. Early Coen Brothers are acceptable, but can you name your movie that does not include a guitar scene? It is as if all the directors have decided to do what they want to do and chose Paris as the place where they do it. As we all love Paris, the current society including, we are blinded by the fact that this movie SUCKS. In fact, I think they gave the directors names on each shorts because the directors saw how bad it was from the film and decided to make sure they were blamed for just five minutes. Seriously. Seriously. <br /> <br /> People, Natalie Portman is not a good actress. She is not, she is not a dream girl waiting to be yours. And Maggie Gyllenhaal, why?!? Are you people who act or regurgitate from other films? I'm looking at you for Natalie Portman, Elias da Sin (Sin City) and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Maria full of grace). One last commentary on acting: I'm giving a double duet to Nick Nolte's acting and looking more humorous than you in the ages or maybe sometimes again. Find his short on youtube as his 5 minutes are pretty nice. <br /> <br /> Writing stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have got it right. I mean Ernst Hemingway, Raymond Carver, F. Scitt Fitzgerald, and John Cheever, just to name a couple. It's a lot harder than writing a complete novel and just the really talented can do it. The same can be said about short films. It seems that only one director will live in the historical annals. If you support Paris as a jewel that will appear and reflect through your own lenses with your own story, then do not expect that you do not need this movie anymore. The directors either did not care or were lazy. In every scenario, when you read it, it means you rented it. I'm glad you did not pay $ 10 for a head in the theaters.
