On the surface, it seems that this film will deal with a psychological process called individualization, namely, how to become a true self by accepting the so-called "dark" side of human nature. So we have Darkling, a classical, shadowy, devilish creature that desperately seeks men's (ie, Recognition) men, and the story revolves around the different ways that this need can handle, more or less successfully. <br /> <br /> If we look a little bit deeper, we find that what this movie really is about is how you should relate to your car as if you were to other people: - in the opening scene, character ( a male automobile mechanic fallen from grace) gathers pieces and pieces from the wreck of a car with his daughter when the car wreck almost crushes the girl. Lesson 1: Cars are people embodied by immortal souls, and car theft is identical to tomb graves. The guns were upset by the dead and had to be punished. - Right after that, the other character (Rubin) buys the wreck of the car he wants to repair and sell it as a once lost, now found famous race car and is warned by a vendor. Lesson 2: Like any other person, the car has a unique identity that can not be altered or replaced. In addition, there is a distortion that Rubin really sees the hidden quality that most people would think just as unsolicited, but ultimately this quality will turn out to be a projection of Rubin's own greed for greater profit. Lesson 3: You never consider your car as a means but always as an end. - then we have a scene where the main characteristic is introduced to Rubin and more importantly: Rubin's car: The assessment of the main characteristics of the vehicle's characteristics is not based only on its appearance but also on the careful look inside the engine room. Lesson 4: Cars are not just to be judged according to their appearance, that is what is inside that they really count. There is punishment for those who do not believe this lesson in mind, as we see in the scene where another man is trying to sell Rubin a fake collector car. <br /> <br /> There are a number of other examples in the movie car = person, and now I'm too tired to bother quoting all of them, but the point remains (and I think that's what I'm really trying to say) that this movie is fun to watch if you do not have anything else to do - or if you're a devoted car.
