Very weak film, mainly due to a bad story, but also a bad deal with Robert Downey Jr. and the irrational behavior of many characters. If you are someone who likes to turn off your opinion and simply watch the movie, because it's creativity or acting criteria, then you may like this movie. Personally, I can not do that by a drama, and I find it too good. I am particularly upset when the main character, who is to be an intelligent person, always acts as a complete immobile. In this film, if the main character played the way a person would normally act in these situations, there would be no film. The first very unlikely deal is when the main character, successful lawyer named Magruder, played by Kenneth Branagh, leaves the party and becomes Mallory Doss, played by Embeth Davidtz, who screams that her car has been stolen. She strolls in a tropical rain when the rider takes her home. He tells him about his weird father, who belongs to some strange sect and makes crazy things. When they arrive at her dilapidated chat in the poorer part of the city they will notice that her car is on the driveway. There are also home lights and some items in the house are broken. Things are very strange, it's strange (looks like a tramp, undressing before it until it's totally naked? That's right!). Also, my father is strange, the house is a wreck - everything should tell Magruder: "Hey, that's very strange for me, I'm out!" But not Magruder, sleeping with her and then, motivated by her storyline and sex, takes care of the case that the father who pledges is trying. she arrives late at the office wearing the same shirt he had the night before (which is the fact that all the women in the office have announced). It is probable that a successful attorney would behave as "When a policeman decided that police in some of his cases were being abused by the police, and when he went to the police, he claims with sufficient evidence that his father is terrorizing, the police ignore him. ! <br /> <br /> It's too unlikely.
