Near the final stages of the Baby Mama, one of the main characters continues to describe the basic contours of everything that preceded and summarizes that it was all just a mess. I really could not say better. While rhythm has its odd beams of hope, this time over and over again, the vast majority of what is present is too castrated to be considered relevant and too indispensable to stand up for having someone time. The insignificant cast, the mundane scenario, and the vague character characters guarantee that Baby Mama is certainly not subject to ol 'noggin taxation, but it never matches with the proposed sense of humor. It consists mainly of the very routine, cliché of jokes around an odd couple (the rich and the poor) trying to live together when the child comes to the world, the film is too esoteric to add laughter beyond the very thin demographic situation. <br /> <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not that bad, but playing this conspiracy line as a side story of a kind that works alongside a comic-oriented double tangent, the characterization is very weak, resulting in tepid romance, which is never a bubble. As figures themselves, the two central figures are slightly entertaining when they come together in small spaces, but when they are left alone, they quickly dissolve and empty their emptiness; so when we eventually get to interact with each other, the comedy never breaks apart for distant giggles; we do not feel for those characters and we do not find them interesting but rather their dynamics. Unfortunately, however, although this dynamics works best, or at least better than individual figures, as mentioned above, it seldom arises out of the typical boundary of the parallel formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who hired a slender, blond blonde Angie (Amy Poehler), who is her unlikely replacement, and after Angie she decides to leave her hopeless husband Carl (Dax Shepard ), they both have to learn to live together in spite of their obvious differences. Yes, it's a typical remake of sailors and one we've seen in this year's Vegas What Happens, however, what the Baby Mama lacks that the above-mentioned film has both a chemistry between artists and semi-perishable characters. Kate and Angie both can never show a lot of personalities beyond their two-dimensional outline, and as such, both artists are neglected to play roles that require chemistry to be made from thin air. In fact, it is a real experience and the nature of a film that comes from the untapped talent of Romany Malco, who overcame and played the door. Of those few times I laughed during the Baby Mama, most of those moments were due to this man, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. It is a matter of course to find a film that embodies his screenplay motives in the way his world is filmed and presented through the camera, yet director Michael McCullers goes well enough from the screen to the screen. Still, for a movie about dolls, business and cultural stereotypes, it does not necessarily have to be a good thing. Baby Mama is type A hammams, a plastic tinsel-city with a main entrance ending with sugar. Not only did I feel emotionally distant from the characters because of my two-dimensional nature, but I simply did not care about the world they were inhabiting. Dialogue with sets, costumes and general motifs of the script are painted in pastel blue and pink colors so much that all the shadows of humanity are lost in the director's constant need to make his film feel like a castrated fantasy; are not the characters and this is not our world in any way? so why should it matter? At the end of the day, however, the romantic comedy is the ultimate measure of success or failure, which is purely divided on the chemique between her love and the frequency of laughter; Baby Mama is not doing well in any of these departments. Of course, to say that the film has no value, it would be unfair. I'm sure the audience of women in a similar ship as a leading figure, Kate, can get a gentle kickout, but someone else will probably just feel insensitive and probably bored. In this regard, the Baby Mama avoids being unbearable, but never convinced that something remarkable or deserves to look at someone outside of her immediate audience; comedic bagpipe and romantic mismatch, Baby Mama is too light-headed to be interesting and too shallow to be fun. - review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net).
