Perhaps I was the former Moscovit myself, and I had a flexible sense of humor, preventing me from putting this film into the trashcan "arthouse / festival crap". It's not the biggest movie of 2005, nor is it a complete waste. It just has a lot of problems. I also sincerely doubted that this film was forbidden because of any "ideological fears" or "conservative taboos" or for any other reason that this film could be called "courageous" and "uncompromising" abroad. It was forbidden because the censors knew that 99% of Russian filmmakers would consider it offensive because of the poor taste made when shooting and editing this otherwise boring film. <br /> <br /> So we have a strong opening shot. Beautiful sound design, an excellent premise - filled with meaning and symbolism. The use and placement of symbols will consistently be the strongest aspect of the film (not that number 4 is a disturbing visual challenge). Within the next 40 minutes we have the same powerful setting. A fun and well-written bar interview between the three main characters and we feel for these people the pathos, the great land of Russia, the human condition and everything else. Then the movie starts to slow down. We'll start to wonder what to form before us. The rest is pretty boring, simply. Sure, the guy in the village is pulling his heart, and there are also some fun moments. Nice sound, sure. But the pleasure of this film, not to mention the plot, are seriously threatened by stimulus problems. And that this lack of reward for sitting in all (pretty shot) of miserable misery and laziness is what ultimately causes people to get angry at "offensive" things (personally the main offensive scene bordering on being cute can to appear sad and harmless drunkards). If you want to watch a nice movie where the Russians are losing a long time (the whole movie), look at the details of the national hunt. More useful post-Soviet things. So yes, 4 out of 10 for 4, nice and symbolic my post-mediocrefilm condition.
