Last week I saw a movie at the Belgrade Film Festival, and I'm still working on a trauma. In fact, my opinion seems to correspond to many others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, fun and promising. He also acted well. Natural. My problem, however, is not only that the last hour and a half of the film have nothing to do with a good start, nor the fact that I have been agitated for most of the time in agony by sharp, industrial gestures and frowning on drunken toothless chewing gums. It is rather the fact that NEVER have ever used it !!! Synopsis of the festival brochure describes only the first (half-hour) excuse - fuck, piano tuner, and bar dealer who pretends to be an advertising agent, a genetic engineer and a small government official, respectively. to mention how never to come to a constant thaw. I'm right because I could not read the review, but it could be said that - but for my defense, a number of reviews I looked at post factum did not even highlight the immenseness and utter insufferability of most of the movie. /> <br /> The first tutorial should be the introductory word of the director (disturbing, disturbing Russian youth) who stepped out of the auditorium (the film seemed incredibly critical and the tickets were well told before the screening, although most viewers looked as unconsciously as I had the pain to come, judging by the number of supernatural moans and moans that wildly penetrated the theater during the last half hour, and many disgusting comments on the exit) saying the following: "Well, I ... I, thank you very much for coming to see this movie, and I just wanted to say ... well, it's a very long movie ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it's it .. I suggest you see it and immediately try to forget It's very long Thank you for coming. That's what he said, the bells should be ringing. "What are they talking about?" I thought in a happy confusion, "It will be fun!" Of course, when his strange justifying remarks started to make sense, it was too late all I could do was to increase the pain until the lights reappear, and finally I can not say that I feel in any way improved with experience Yes, absolutely I loved the first half hour It was intelligent, new and had and yes, Russia is probably in a bad state Yes, every company has many hidden faces Yes, the toothless life in the barren wastelands is probably unimaginably hard Yes, yes Yes I have it all I really do it But I do not see any terrestrial the reason why art and sense should be so exhausting and so painful. To see the film ground somewhere between the extremes of the vibrant Hollywood plastic fa ntastic and hours of muddy vodka swigging, try the Korean Chinese Bin Jip (3-Iron). It's artistic and surprising but also to-point and fun.
