I begin to think there is a conspiracy, that's true: one that involves a heap of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film, despite its darkness, reaches higher grade through a rating spot that calls it "general recognition" or something in that range to ensure that unsuspecting people (like me) will go to theaters or borrow a bloody thing, expect surprise, race to bathroom upchuck. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. I certainly miss out on every post I'm going to hit, because it's fairly clear that two things could happen: either I did not receive a message that is so hidden under the inner parts of this film to make it impossible to get access, or they and I were watching two completely different films that became the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. It's no wonder she appeared and disappeared faster than you can call "smorsgabord" and that despite the ratings she got on Metacritic, no one heard about it. It's awful with sugar upstairs. <br /> <br /> First, there is still a number four from start to finish. While here and there there is a bit of a symbol, and this has been done with varying degrees of success in many well-known films, this film is troublesome with him. Four dogs at the beginning of the movie, looking at the camera in an already empty street when suddenly, the machines are falling to the forefront and continues to tear the asphalt. Four people in the bar, although one is a non-entity. The three go separately, but they are connected not only with each other but with what their lives are not. While this concept can work, the film is filming - especially with the story of the future model, played by Marina Vovcenko, which goes on a terribly bizarre and not good territory - that the original role gets Lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said earlier, he just did not. The problem also lies in the fact that so much time spent on the story of Marina (which revolves around the death of her sister, from the chewing of bread, and the subsequent, exciting sadness that follows), that every interest in inherent surrealism is scattered without a trace . So what if the same terrible stories the three foreigners exchange at the bar are right? The director does not invest too much time to really combine them, or to weave a stricter story that could intersect with David's Lynchian way either with past-present or alternative dimensions, or even as a straightforward worldly science - a fictional story. It is a desperate struggle against an insurmountable wall that only the saint (or someone strange for a strange cause) can endure.
