Who might want to continue the legendary dirty Bert I. Gordon movie "Food of the Gods"? Nobody, of course, but director Damien Lee thought it was a good idea, just like him, and put together a lazy sequel that is one of the most superfluous films in horror history. "Gnaw" is a sequel in the title, because the setting has moved to a typical 80's (university campus) position, and cheap and cheese-based gore effects perfectly illustrate the 1980s. This script hangs together with clichés, amazingly written dialogues, and portrays situations that are not so finely stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. Neil Hamilton is a good scientific nurse who is conducting growing experiments with common rodents to get the scientist's favor. Because of incredibly stupid animal rights activists, huge and cruel rats escape and swallow almost everyone in the campus. Following a good old tradition when Spielberg's "jaws" began, it is an unpleasant dean who refuses to admit the problem, even though heavily crippled corpses appear everywhere. During the hysterically grotesque culmination of rats, they are attacking the ceremonial opening of a new campus sports complex! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad, so it's a lot of fun to watch! The characters do and say inconceivably stupid things (such as falling into an unarmed channel when they know they are attacked by rats), acting is unfortunate, and there is a really bizarre sequence involving a hero who has sex under the influence of growth serum! I wonder what Freud's theory would be like! Is there a satisfactory amount of gore and sleaze? must it be said? the music is surprisingly atmospheric. If you just can not get as many unsolicited items, there are plenty of creature features that are rotating on mutated rats, such as the Italian film "Rats: Night of Terror," a 70 year old Willard and a lame sequel "Ben" in 2003 "Willard" by Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good recent rhythm of the famous directors Tibor Ticaks ("Rats") and John Lafie ("Rats"). Go Nuts!
