MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of the films behind the backstage, which is more interesting than the movie itself. It was Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his teaching period and his first two-reeler. Here he played one of his last nasty villainous roles (though not yet full-length TILLIOVA PUNCTURED ROMANCE), and also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflicts with the director and star Mabel Normand almost came from the clipping. Chaplin did not get along with his older directors, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography, which was supposed to take the direction of a mere "girl", was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel bitterly quarreled during the filming of this film. Chaplin was still a new friend to Keystone, and his colleagues did not know what to do with him, but they all loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on the brink of burning Chaplin when he learned that the films of the newcomer are catching up and the exhibitors want more of them ASAP, so Chaplin was promised to follow for completing the movie as Mabel wanted. br /> <br /> Unfortunately none of these dramas are visible on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like a typical Keystone chaos. The story is about a race car in which Mabel's dragon (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete, but evil Charlie and his girlfriends are kidnapping a guy, and Mabel has to take the wheel in place. For all races, hot thawing and biting with the movie is a sincere laugh, but there are several points of interest. There is some good cinematography and editing in the sequence race, although there are really no gags, just a lot of furious activity. Chaplin himself looks strange, sports a chin beard on his chin and wears a hat and coat that he wore in his first film appearance, LIFE, but the suit suits the old-fashioned villain he depicts. At least it is a novel that watches him by playing such an atypical role. Visible in rack racks are Keystone players such as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in a strangely dandenable lift and characteristic Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and doing his usual blond routine. As an artist, Sennett was as fine as the movies he produced, but you have to trust him: he knew what he liked. These films were immensely popular at the time. Mack's Mack performance does not add much to the wheels, but he probably had to be on hand to shoot this movie to make sure his stars are not killing each other.
