After examining the many comments to this film, it is clear that there are two types of sci-fi filmmakers. They are those who are well read, extremely literate and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and, more importantly, they know how high it can get in the hands of talented authors. For many years, science fiction has been exhausted in the basement of literature. I thought it was my most critical thing that I was just a little more than stories about ray guns and aliens intended for adolescents. Today's well-read fan knows this story well and knows the great authors of Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison who helped bring science fiction from this cellar. In this way they created thought-provoking, intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined human conditions. These well-informed fans are critical of everything Hollywood throws on them. They are not decisive for their own cause, but look at each offer with a skeptical look. (As if the Hollywood record should be less than stellar.) For these fans, the story must be of the utmost importance. They can not be deceived by dazzling computer graphics and continuous action sequences. When the Emperor has no clothes, he shouts the loudest. The second type of science fiction film film has little knowledge of the written aspect of this genre. (See many of the above comments that say "I did not read a book or anything from that author ...) Their full science-fiction exposure is from movies or the Scifi channel, they are extremely uncritical, willing to overlook the huge plot of holes , weaknesses and thin stories if they get a healthy dose of wiz bang action and amazing special effects. They are actually willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or perhaps they have never had them!) for the duration of the movie. allegedly based on Asimov's short stories and named after one of his novels, contains little of what Asimov wrote, and even less of what he was trying to tell us about humanity and our robotic creations (those of you who run and buy me, Robot will be very surprised - this movie is not based on the story at all!) The film has a huge plot that at some points it is stretched to the boundaries of fidelity I will not teach them the spoon to feed you You must practice your thought skills and discover them for yourself. Characters that are named after many Asimov's attitudes do not have the critical intelligence that was a characteristic feature of his stories. The conspiracy itself with all its action sequences is against everything the author has stood for. His belief that mankind has the ability to solve problems through its mind, not its fist, is vital to understanding its vision of the future. In short, apart from the name, Isaac is very little about this film. There will always be uncritical (ie unthinkable) who say, "The film does not have to be a book, because movies sometimes require changes to be made." But what about the case when the movie never ever tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the beginning? What if all they took from the paper was a title? This raises the question: Why destroy a great deal of work by giving it a title on an empty bite? Save money and buy rights to the work. Headline something different. Do not use character names. Believe me, no one will blame you for plagiarism. In fact, it will not matter what you call an unread viewer who accepts everything you think about him. But it will upset those who read who thinks who do not just want to let you give them a fairly light show. <br /> <br /> I, the Robot, like much of Hollywood's genre, push Sci-fi back into that underground that lived years ago. Hollywood could not do it alone. It requires an uncritical, soulless audience to receive such a Pudrov excavator.
