After surfing the internet, I found the series "Homefront" on DVD at ioffer.com. Before anyone gets enthusiastic, the DVD player I got burned an amateur from home video tapes recorded 15 years ago. Resolution and quality are bad. The pictures look like you would expect an old re-recorded video to be viewed. Although the ad has been modified, the end credits of each episode still include a segway voicemail announcement for the ABC Nightline news program, complemented by the title of the early 1990s. Even with bad picture quality, the shows were plausible and the sound quality was fine. The show was almost perfect for this show. Everyone was believable and really looked. Their acting was also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf plays particularly well Kyle Chandler (most recently seen in King Kong's remake of 2005). The period costumes were very authentic, as well as sets, especially 19th century kitchens with vintage and décor. The direction was also creative and distinct for the television show at the time. For example, conversations between characters were intersected with conversations about the same subject among other characters in different scenes. Dialogue between conversations was maintained smooth, even though the fourth was alternated between the characters and places. This means good direction and adjustment and in this case it worked. <br /> <br /> When I started to watch this series again, I suddenly remembered why I lost interest 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a great show, parcels and stories are unsatisfactory and confusing from the start. One thing, the name of the show is totally misleading. When the Second World War ended in 1945, there was no more fighting, so naturally there was no "homefront" of course. Interestingly, the first episode of the "Homefront" show begins in 1945 after the end of the war. This is like filming the first episode of "Gilligan Island," which shows that survivors are saved. The whole name tag assumption is completely lost. I was still trying to hope that the rest of the series would be a flashback, but no, the whole show is from 1946 to 1948. Additionally, this series fails in every attempt to accurately plot historical events from the late 1940s. The third episode makes it clear that this series was nothing more than a thinly-shrouded vehicle for the ultra-leftist political agenda. The show is located in River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, the ongoing theme of racism shows that it looks more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. The cast includes Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr., who represent Davis's family. Much of the series shows that Davis's family is being abused by evil "white men" to being ridiculous and totally absurd, if not ridiculous. The racism card has been played and played by Hollywood for over 40 years. We understand that. We are also tired of getting into our noses everyday. The topic of racism is also unpopular with viewers and it is a kiss of death for every show, as it was at Homefront. William, Winston and Macer's talents have been lost in their roles as a stereotypical "frightened / angry black family." The wildly exaggerated racism in this series makes it seem that everyone in Ohio was a member of the KKK or something. The question of racism could be solved in this episode in a single episode with a simple nose or fist fight, in which the bigot gets a well deserved punishment and leaves it. To devote much of the serial to racism is really fast and just stupid. The next ridiculous line of the fence is portrayed by the big boss of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) as the character of Ebenezer Scrooge, who is against pensions and rising and is not concerned that his employees are drinking acid. The workers revolted and took over the factory in a pro-communist propaganda propaganda link to the audience. Personally, I think this series has great potential. Writers could easily place a timeline in 1941? 1945, as the name suggests and showed that there is a problem of food and gas distribution and works for 14 hours at war factories. Of course, the loss of brothers, sons and spouses fighting overseas would also add drama. The situation was also perfect for writing in special guest stars like military or USO workers passing through their city during training or on the road to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities of good stories and drawings are endless. But no, Homefront writers (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignored all relevant or interesting land. Instead, they completely missed the point and drove into the bizarre and irrelevant obsession of racism and left-wing politics. It would be unjust for the actors to condemn the whole series, but the plots and the situations in which they were placed are total waste.
