A great example of how Hollywood could (and still can) take the masterpiece of literary fiction and fool it out. In the case of the "Great Sky" writer Dudley Nichols and the company arrogantly assumed he could improve the classic groundbreaking novel by Pulitzer, AB Guthrie. In this way, they removed the soul of the story and any margin and impact it could have as a film adaptation. The epic nature of Guthrie's book and the evolution of his main character, Boone Caudill, from a naive Kentucky boy to a hardened and competent survivor / mountain man, has been replaced by a farce on a low-water boat that does not agree with the intention of the author. In the movie version, Boone's presence is nothing but stunning. <br /> <br /> Interesting and even shocking conspiracies that give Guthrie new influence and excitement have been removed for no apparent reason. The most mysterious is everything that emphasizes the character of Zeb Calloway, which was in the book, a minor character that only occupied a handful of pages. On the other hand, a very important and fascinating character, Dick Summers, veteran pioneer, is missing completely !!! It is also clear that director Hawks has decided that the Zeb character in the movie star Hunnicutt was not quite irritating. So Zeb / Hunnicutt was given a considerable amount of time when he did an unpleasant voice narration, a Hollywood shortcut for incompetent writing, editing, and routing. Some movies have actually improved the books on which they were based (a superb example by William Wyler "Ben-Hur"). But it is terrible and depressing not only as an adaptation of the novel, but as a film for itself. The story is boring, and the clichés and characters - at least those not adapted to the script - are just the shallow and boring shadows of Guthrie's literary vision. And unfortunately, the star challenge of Kirk Douglas, which could help lift this film, was suppressed by the role of the milk he had received. If you believe it, the film version of Guthrie Pulitzer's "Continuing Way", also played by Kirk, is even worse. In my opinion, "The Big Sky" further strengthens the Howard Hawks' place as one of the most overrated, piano directors in cinema history.
