Yes, Kazaam is one of those awful bad movies that almost reminds everything that is wrong not only with children's films but with humanity. Here we have Shaq as rap genie - yes, RAPPING genius - where he does everything from making bad punks to dressing in ridiculous clothes, all ended up in him in a similar pose of Christ with the enormous light surrounding him. So, yeah, expect real cheese pieces, including the first wish to get a lot of unsolicited food from the sky (and unfortunately, without eliminating two main characters, especially a boy). What is not supposed to be a movie with a child and Shaquil O'Neill is so incredibly schmaltý! The main storyline of the film includes this child, who played in this ubiquitous and annoying childhood fashion from Frank Capr's grandson (where the child is shaking his dialogue angrily) who comes to the genie who was imprisoned in the boom box. Then "hurricane" appears when a child makes Shaq-genie his quasi-slave when he waits for his last two wishes when he tries to heal with his slave father. a frantic, frantic story about his son and father would be bad enough, as there are lines that have been pronounced in millions of other films (the "two chances in life" from father to son). But it's Shaquille O'Neill, which is why the film (ironically) looks at the film and the obvious diving. His line is that if he does not receive supernatural treatment from Capra, he will start rapping in dialogue and also start his blooming recording career. Besides, he also kicks his ass and takes names with the main bad guys who want him back into the boom box. So is the film factor part of the film? Up to the point, but it is even suppressed by all the crazy scenes and "hearts" feelings that really have nothing to do with the rest of the material. One could ask if the people who made the film, who of course made the popularity of the BASKETBALL player who wanted to go to Michael Jordan to act as a bandwagon if it was anywhere near a fairly fun or convincing one. I hope they know they are simply paid. But I hope even more that they felt at least a little guilty when they fed Shaq. <br /> <br /> So if you want to have a fun night Shaq as a genius-turned-rapper-turned-wisekracker, even more fun for you. Hell, it might even be interesting if we had Shaq's movie night with this and his other critical Steel efforts. But if you hope to keep a few brain cells, do not stay away from what is most likely to be the worst film of 1996, and a candidate among many others in the worst of the 90s.
