The revaluation of KAZAMA and the claim that it is a bad film is not difficult at all - after all, the critics at the time they came out, they were down and screaming this movie - they said they were among the worst movies of the decade! So the fact that I say that it's bad or that someone else says it's wrong is certainly not a surprise. It's like someone talking about World War II - practically nobody says it was a good thing, right? The question I have and IMDb no place can answer that "Why did they do it first?!". After all, it is obvious to anyone who is not seriously injured by the brain that the film will be terrible. But movies such as ED (COOL AS ICE), TROLL 2 (which does not have any trolls), BABY GENIUSES (children of the Einstain superhero), and PINOCCHIO IN THE OUTSIDE SPACE (huh !!!) It proves that any idea, no matter how stupid, is on the big screen! So the idea of ​​the best basketball players, when playing as a genie, for an unusual little sleep, looks absolutely "normal"! <br /> <br /> The film starts with a boy who is quite hideously keying the lockers in the school corridor. Just like a FREE WILLY punk, this baby is somehow "misunderstood" (in other words, a complete brother), and you know that no matter how selfish and horrible it is, something has learned and reached the end of the movie. Once, I want to see a punk child end up in prison or dead until the end of the movie! Eventually, when the crowds are in the middle of being banged, Gina Kazaam (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insists on giving her daughter three wishes. But the kid does not believe him, and the genie of the genie seems a bit rusty. Finally, the burner realizes that Kazaam is real. However, unlike most children, he refuses to make his wishes so, meanwhile, Kazaam is forced to follow him all around - as his personal servant. And according to the cliché you know that by the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam have become lifelong friends and tears. Oh, and Max will deal with her absent father and mom's fiancé. It seems that this genie is besides the social worker, besides who is the provider of wishes. As for Kazaam, Shaquille talks in the rhythm over a lot of the movie and even takes a rap break ... very bad. I'm a pale middle-aged guy and I think I might at least be able to rap! He's an amazing basketball player and I hear he's a nice guy - but a rapper ... no way! As for his acting, he was not great, but he had such a good person in the film that it's hard to hate him-even if he made him do a lot of stupid things. <br /> <br /> So the movie is as terribly horrible as you may have heard? during the first two thirds of the movie I would say no. Shaquille seemed to conjure up the best with an unbeatable child and a bad screenplay. However, later in the movie, bad gets terrible - how Kazaam seems to be too concerned about helping children when he really needs it. And it's getting really funny, really strange - like the one who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!), Turns out to be a bad gangster! And strangely, this guy seems to have accepted that Kazaam is a genie, without hesitation! In addition, the last part of the film is made up of people who try to kill Max and his father. I know the kid was annoying, but it's a little kid's movie! Which part of "trying to kill a child" was not the writers understand ?! Then, in the end, which makes the worst childhood movie end up in history, Kazaam becomes divine or something like that and it's all like drug hallucinations! This end was even more harsh and humiliating than the one in BLACK HOLE ... and the kid caused my brain to hurt it !! Uggghh - The horrible dialogue was simply too big for it! <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a terrible movie, which is more likely to be caused by writers who were demonstrably crazy. Yes, people, with dirty news, bizarre rigid material and horrible characters, is one miserable movie. Unfortunately, due to the idea and the actors, it is hard to imagine that the end product will prove much worse! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see Genie in a modern world movie that is GOOD, try the British to create a television movie "Bernard and Genie" - a charming and exceptionally well-written film from start to finish.
