This 1996 film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre I've ever watched, and when I did it, it made me horrible. So many novels were omitted and I thought William Hurt was terribly dirty like Rochester. Since then, I have watched all other remarkable adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and three mini series '73, '83 and 2006, and I noticed that they are worse adaptations and worse Rochesters. This is undoubtedly the most important adaptation of Jane Eyre as regards cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli is reflected in beautiful long snowflakes from the winter sky, lonely Rochester standing on the rock and Jane out of the window - but less suitable for telling the story and bringing characters to life. His script also only scratches the surface of the novel by omitting many important scenes. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately also does not include the humorous side of their sexual intercourse. There are several short interviews between Rochester and Jane, each of which is beautifully presented, but the few things he exchanges are not enough to show the audience that they are connected to each other. We know they have to fall in love, but we never see that it really happened. The scene in which Rochester wants to find out Jane's reaction to her dilemma by showing her case in hypothetical form after killing Mason out of the house is totally absent and the scene of farewell, the most important scene - the climax - the novel is reduced to four sentences . Zerifferelli does not make the mistake that other scriptwriters have done in replacing their own bad writing for the great Brontë lines, nor the major scenes completely altered and redesigned, but it makes it less offensive, but in the end a similarly big mistake that simply leaves many important scenes. The rest is just a glimpse of a novel that has no righteousness to the masterpiece of Charlotte Brontë. The cast is a mixed bag: While Fiona Shaw is excellent Mrs. Reed, the young John Anna Paquina is more misplaced, Lolita puppets than a lonely little girl, longing for love. Still reliable Joan Plowright is very nice but too clever Mrs Fairfaix, and one can not afford Billie Whitelaw to play a village witch instead of a smooth-looking, hard-working Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as an adult hero, however, is physically the ideal choice for playing Jane Eyre. Looking at every moment like 18, thin and fragile, with irregular, strong features, comes closer to her inner vision of Jane than any other actress in this role. And during the first 15 minutes of my time I was fascinated by my performance. Gainsbourgh keeps the audience guessing about the inner fire and the strong will that is hidden behind the Stoic mask. Sadly, the script never allows her to spread another passionate and lively side of Jane's character. As Gainsbourgh missed so many scenes and shortened so many conversations, Gainsbourgh's portrait of Jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore unsatisfactory. That's a shame, as in the case of Charlotte Gainsbourgh's better script, Jane might have been like Zela Clarke in the 83rd version. But while it's still clear that Gainsbourgh is trying to play Jane, there's no trace of Rochester in the character William Hurt renders. Hurt, who turned out to be a good actor in many good movies, had to be aware that he was physically and kind so poor that he did not even try to play Rochester's novel. His Rochester, except that he is blond and blue-eyed, is a slightly spoken, well-conceived nobleman, shy and calm, slightly strange and eccentric but basically good-natured and gentle. He is so far from being immortal, moody and sad that the lines referring to these features of his character sound completely absurd. In addition, during many moments of the film, Hurt's facial expression leaves one question of whether he is fighting the acute seizures of sleeping sickness. Especially in the design scene, he gets grimaced as a patient who collects from a general anesthetic and barely keeps his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester with a strong leader and a fascinating protagonist of the novel, simply cracking energy and temperament, it's no wonder that many audiences are disappointed in Hurt's performance. Yet I offend less than the Rochesters in the '70s, '97s and 2006s and I would generally rank Jane Eyre higher than the three others. Hurt apparently had a sense to recognize that Rochester could not be a novel, so he did not try it, while George C. Scott, Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but unfortunately did not succeed, and would rather watch a character other than Rochester than Rochester , which is badly played. I'd rather watch the Jane Eyre movie, which skips a series of novels, but it did not invent anything new than the version that uses upgraded dialogues that could be told by today's couple at Starbucks Café. Of course, this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it's harmless, which is more than I can say about the 1997 and 2006 edits. That's why I would not let anyone follow this adaptation: You will not find Jany Eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully shot movie.
