I do not like the word "terrible" to describe any cinema work for which much of his time, effort, talent and money is devoted to his work, but Zefferelli's attempt to adapt Charlotte Brontë's "Jane Eyre" is a total waste of time. The script lacks gentleness and strength, everything explained to the viewer in uncertain terms, leaving little imagination. Leading actors are mournfully miscast, clearly hired behind their stars names, and musical score dripping and boring. Charlotte Gainsbourg and William Hurt have no chemistry at all. It's like a wet noodle, worse than Joan Fontaine, who was at least capable of somewhat emotional involvement in what should be the story of frustrated passion. And William Hurt makes the whole film one tone and the tone is flat and energy-free. Of course, the limp and vapid script does not help any of these otherwise subtle actors in their efforts to bring some whiff of life to this movie. <br /> <br /> Joan Plowright's Mrs. Fairfax is like some Disney work that is still appearing to weaken the scenes in which it would be best omitted. <br /> <br /> There is no secret around the story of Rochester's first wife. The role of a future second wife, played as a Barbie doll Elle MacPhearson, is an empty cipher. Fiona Shaw, a very great actress, is completely unnecessary like Jane's aunt, Mrs. Reed. She would be better than Mrs. Fairfax. Only Amanda Root, as a beloved teacher Jane, raises any authentic sympathy or credibility. I've seen this version of Jane Eyre after seeing Robert Young for British television in 1997, starring Ciaran Hinds, Samantha Morgan and Gemma Jones. There is no comparison. Young's vital, romantic and deep-moving version is like an exploding nova compared to Zefferelli's wet shield. I'm curious now that I saw the 1970 version with Timothy Dalton, what I read about very good things on this website. I'm amazed how many people liked the Zefferelli Yorkshire Picture Book. <br /> <br /> Everything I can say good about this movie is that the house is beautiful and the cinema is vividly colored except that it's a complete fool.
