I noted the cast, I recently watched this movie on TCM, I hope I underestimated my jewel, because I believe that many films from the 1930s. It's no gem - not even gem. Anachronistic outfits and the 1930 Rolls Royce limo hit you instantly. Casting is also strange. But there are usually too many stupid and unnecessary fence devices. This film has a lot of good ingredients and a basic plot that promises, but the ingredients are not blended according to the right recipe. It simply does not look like it should be. And that's a shame. With a few obvious but minor changes, it could be a very good movie. The film is about an American showgirl (Jean Harlow) looking for a wealthy British husband - best of the nobility. He meets Franchot Tone and his friend, who are at the Rolls Royce lair owned by their friend's staff. Harlow mistakenly assumes that Tone is the Lord who owns Rolls, and she looks at him. This early part of the film is a light comedy without any real distinction. Tone, however, unknowingly reveals that his employer is actually the German 5th Post on the eve of the First World War, and that is when the film changes the tone completely and begins to fall apart. Tone and Harlow are married, but like honeymoons they start being shot dead by Mata Hari (Benita Hume), and Harlow escapes from the scene with the area that accused her of murdering Tony. (In fact, Tone recovers from wounds) Harlow escapes to France, where he loves again - this time with a rich French cad (Cary Grant). Tone, now in the army, and Harlow are unexpectedly brought back to Grant's hospital room where he is in rehabilitation from an air crash. In the following scene, Tone accuses Harlow of leaving him because he is essentially a goldsmith. Harlow never explains that the witness accused her of murder and her panic! This is one of those unrealistic, film-plot-device-breaks-downs in the story. Then Tone is also brought back into contact with a woman (Hume) who shot him. She's in her hand to watch her paramoura, Grant, try a new plane that Tone has handed over from England. Hume and Tone incredibly recognizable but simply can not place where! Okay, Tone was shot and almost died. perhaps his memory is a bit unnecessary. But how many men did Hume shoot for forgetting one of her stamps? (It does not seem that the memory is dying.) It is inexplicable and unnecessary. Hume had to know him completely, but when he realized that Tone had failed, he began to play it. That would be a much better treatment for this matter. <br /> <br /> The final is also very unsatisfactory. The film, as produced, has Tone and Harlow's plot to preserve the good reputation of cad, Grant, which led to his fraudulent burial as a hero. Then Harlow and Tone just left. It is a noble preservation of the perception of the French public of their national war hero, but as a love story is very unsatisfactory! The film that pleads is this: Harlow explains that she has escaped panic in the face of murder charges; The tone forgave her and silenced her love again; he then wears a torch for her, even if he helps her set up a crash site to preserve Grant's reputation. Meanwhile, Harlow finally recognizes Grant for being. After seeing Tone as a brave and noble man, Harlow made him feel again. At the end of the film, they both rejoiced, though working together to improve Grant's death. After Grant's hero's funeral, we see them hugging and kissing for fading. That would make a nice little movie. For Cary Grant fans it would be even better if Tone played the French cadre who was killed and Grant of the long-suffering first husband with Harlow. It is incomprehensible that Franchot Tone is occupied as Ireland living in England while Cary Grant is occupied as a Frenchman. This movie would be much better if it reversed the role. It would also be more favorable for a movie to be ...
