Did anyone doing this film, especially the director, did the idea of ​​the logic of the story? It's not just a conspiracy, but a division of graves that are getting deeper when we lose sympathy for the main character and his situation. That means, if you are kind enough to be a spectator, to seriously ignore the fact that for most of the film, the characters are either servants to the gravesite, or boring and dissimilar. Or, for Downey & Hannah's characters, it is clearly redundant. When I consider the reason for the existence of Downey's character in the film, I decided that either the director liked his character and unnecessarily increased his time on the screen (unlikley because the director did not really need the script much more about the script) or that his character would be sacrificed on the altar of the wrong rendering . Let me guess who one is supposed to be. I had to keep checking the DVD envelope to confirm that it really came up with credible talents. I do not understand why Robert Altman would take this job. She certainly has some power to choose and choose. Actually, I can not understand why anyone would take this scenario, except for the first director who was looking for this experience. I suppose Robert Downey Jr. he needed the money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try the southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall got only a few script pages and thought the role in the isolation sounded interesting. They are the only motivations that I can see is to make good actors to get into the role of this film. As for Robert Altman, it was so much his effort that the film looked fantastic. I found he realized how he was framing such a scene, or he used bright orange swimsuits in another scene to draw eye movements or set a beautiful filter to create a certain mood. I usually do not record these things in movies, because most of the films I've been bothered watching all the way to the end are really interested in good stories and interesting characters with understandable motives. I watched it to the end just because I was still looking at the DVD cover in some ridiculous element of optimism and I was convinced that thanks to this talent there must be a lot of redeemed factors in this movie. <br /> <br /> Nice direction. But that's not why I'm watching movies.
