... and you can look at it in different ways, by the way. Above all, it is a mess because of all terrible and extremely violent scenes. Your wildest imagination can not even approach any of the explicitly displayed scenes. The whole part of this movie is simply bad, disgusting, insulting, brutal, and it leads you to exhaust yourself. Now I love horror movies and I'm very "for-violence" but I think it has to lead somewhere! Is it too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a series of completely wrong and twisted thoughts. "Film" contains four separate chapters linked by story. This leads to endless torture, murder, and illness only to find out that the victims have something in common. It's not very informative if you ask me. Yet - it must be said - the basic idea of ​​a conspiracy certainly has the potential. This is a cannibalistic hypnotist who has agreed with the devil to avenge and cause suffering and death to anyone involved in his trial. Personally, I think this is an interesting topic, so you should focus on it a little bit more than wanting to create the most disgusting movie ever. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the entire production of this movie was a mess. They did not have much budget and spent it all on fake blood and intestines ... Tony! Actor's performances are a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects besides make-up look very amateur (such as an attempt at a realistic car accident). There is no tension or atmosphere that no one would ever notice ... nor attempt to build one. Cradle of Fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. With the presence of the death metal icon Danni Filth (from the band Cradle of Filth..replikable link), this movie is clearly intended only for the eyes of twisted teenagers who are trying to be controversial. Problem girls and boys who have the pleasure of worrying their parents by watching this bullshit. And then people complain that there is an increase in suicide and juvenile delinquents ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced or eliminated by an unstable mind. For every self-confident horror fan, this film is an insult.
