I have read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... so I have always crushed my expectations. But they were crushed more than could be expected. The film would be a decent film if I had not read a novel beforehand, which may have destroyed me. In any case, for some reason, the working camp in Toulon changed a ship full of kitchen slaves. The scene with Bishop Myriel was fine. In fact, apart from the kitchen, things survived until the release of Fantine. Because we do not want a good woman to become a bad thing, she does not cut her hair, sell her teeth or become a prostitute. The worst thing he does is to hit the mayor's office and spit on his face. Bamatabase is totally excluded. Since they have no children without marriage, we are not talking about it, Tholomyes is a mortal husband of Fantin, rather than irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to bring Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they happily met, another change. Then comes the monastery, which is a pretty difficult scene to destroy. Fortunately, it was saved. After three minutes of accuracy, however, the film will start rolling again towards the classic New Year's Butcher. As Cosette and Valjean pass through the park, they meet Marius at a meeting. The reform of prisons. When he comes to take out flyers with Valjean and Coseta, he says one line in a movie that screams me on the TV. "We are not revolutionaries." I heard Victor Hugo gather in the grave. THE COURSE IS REVOLUTIONARY! They want to rebel against the pseudo-monarchy that is in force for the benefit of another republic, the stupid screenwriters! It is a historical fact that there was an uprising against the government in 1832. At one point, Cosette will give Marius donation from the reform movement's father and meet Eponine. Besides ... it's not Eponine. Or at least not Eponine books. This Eponina looks like a well-functioning secretary who works for prison reformers (who work from Cafe Universal, unlike Cafe Musain). Not to mention that the audience is no longer happy because of its non-periodic, low, gentle dress, and sentimental manners. Prison reformers (leading the most badly occupied Enjollars that I have never seen) that handing out leaflets is not good enough anymore. So they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I have never heard of reform activities that are going down the streets and building barricades and attacking government units. Approximately three hundred people (not so many people) started attacking the National Guard and built a lot of barricades, etc. Eponine dies for Marius, fortunately. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is definitely accurate, except that Javert's suicide seems to be hard to understand once again due to his slightest display on the screen and the interpretation of a strange character. The film ends when Valjean watches Javert and jumps into the river. This is again inaccurate because Valjean would never let Javert drown. He saved the life of a man before, why did he die now? Then it's all the skipping of Valjean's testimony to Marius, his worsening, and his redemption on his deathbed, with Marius and Cosethe at his side. Overall, I can handle blame mostly due to problems. While I'm glad Enjolras and Eponine were at least in the movie, they were terribly misplaced, just like the whole barricade scene. Eliminating Fantin's suffering prevents us from feeling too much compassion. The fact that Cosette knows Valjean's past from the initial mess, with conspiracy is a lot. I did not even see Thenardier and lady. Thenardier had only a few seconds of time on the screen. Same with Gavroch. But I liked Frederich March's interpretation of Valjean, which was one of the redeemed features of the film. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, due to his great acting in other films, seems to have lost a mark with Javert. Lips trembled, unnecessary shouting, and his behavior at all simply felt very bad. Like many of the Javerts I've seen, it did not seem terrible at all, something that requires character. <br /> <br /> This movie could feel a lot better if I did not read the book. I do not intend to book purists. I would also say that the film would be a good adaptation to the time when an unbearably accurate French version was not produced a year ago.
