When I tell people to watch movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "What do you think of such a movie?" There are several issues here. First of all, there is a likely chance that I have not seen her, so I ruined my reputation. Secondly, I can discard the movie without realizing it's actually their favorite. Finally, I could get a DVD to watch so they can judge my opinion. So I found myself in front of "The Convent", which is the film I would completely ignore because of the choice, but I could not avoid it. More is a pity, because this frantically terrible "horror" is as scary as a kitten. <br /> <br /> After well-worn clichés, the "monastery" focuses on a bunch of US high school students on a trip to an abandoned monastery on a mission to stoner, lay down and scare them slightly. But you will never guess what will happen next? A group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerges from cobwebs that gradually select children from one another in the traditional tradition of horror films. Will any of them survive, and what is even more important, do not you have better things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that saves a "monastery" from the complete waste of time is that no one really takes it seriously except Coolia's bizarre portrait as a hyperactive cop with an itchy finger trigger. It's too fun to be frightening - a zombie cheerleader who makes the sounds of the chips for meaningless reasons, the daily glo color work that will appear when you become a zombie - but what really kills it like a horror is the fact someone is about to jump off and murder. But even if they tried, I still doubt it will work - the demonic nuns that wear the makeup that you would see in the Buffy The Vampire Slayer are not really scary. The worst thing about this film is that more than 10% of voters gave this maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny, but I'm hardly divided. To be honest, I had dental fun. <br /> <br /> "The Convention" is not really a horror film as such. It's more like a comedy horror like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead," but you're laughing instead. I honestly can not recommend it to anyone but the family and the crew, but even then I doubt they would like it. I do not like the genre "so bad that it's good" - I personally think that if movie makers can not bother to save the turkey, I should not be earning a bowel that tried to keep track of it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they really should go home and do something more constructive. Rubik's Cube, for example. The DVD box has two price tags - one for £ 4.99 and a low price of £ 3. But it was sold for £ 1 and it should say everything you need to know about this pox, cheap, awesome wrong move. Excuse me if you like it, but the "Konvent" is really a bunch of unheard of bullshit.
