Dreary. Schlocky. Just just terrible and terrible. Let's be honest when you sit down and look at what the Avenger Double-D says, do not expect great art or even fun. You probably expect the type of cult movie and maybe you'll have a good look at some impressive busts. It's not going to happen in the video. A story that is in line with most of these types is inadmissible: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, finds out that she has breast cancer, flies to South America for fruit that claims to be a panacea for all disorders and super-women, returns and fights , dressed as Double-D Avenger, a group from a local strip club who wanted to win the competition. Like stories, I've seen much worse, but as another reviewer said the execution was terrible. Action sequences lack zip, drive, motivation and are thin. Arranging is not even right and the campaign is dialogue. Nothing and I do not think NEVER is fun to play fun links. Everything could be forgiven if the girls could make up for it, but they all fall so short. Kitten, Haji and Raven de la Croix are quite older (still beautiful in their own ways), but they do nothing and become the opposite of what they are trying to be: the older, Tara cartoons of their former self. Instead, they look so poor and desperate - more because of the vehicle they "play" rather than their own abilities. There are other beautiful ladies, but you really do not see much. PG-13 would certainly be a good rating for this. The material, the actress and the director are all tired, tired and dated - and again - NEFF! It was a brutal hour and she was sitting in it, and that's a shame because I was waiting for something to camping and entertain. The guy who played Bubba by the way was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good in every mind, but every time he opened his mouth, I still thought he was really horrible. A lone bright spot here is seen by Mr. Scifi, Forrest J. Ackerman, playing the curator of a wax statue museum and chatting with a wax that Frankenstein kindly called Frankie. Besides, it's a bust - now, as it is for another tired, terrible, trite game!
