Watching the first 30 minutes of Sands of Oblivion gave me great hope. I thought I was for the cheaper version of the mummy. The setting was promising, in the twenties of the last century, Cecil B. Demille made his tenth commandment. They seem to use real Egyptian artifacts for a movie set that unleashed old and terrible evil (not always?). Knowing what was being debuted by DeMille orders the entire ensemble buried instead of the usual practice of tearing. Hopefully the evil will bury him all the time. Then we go to the day when the team is trying to dig out the site (the first mistake of the movie, but hey these costumes are expensive and it is Sci-Fi channel). The first observation we get from Anubis's monster is well done and it's a costume in which it will make some effort and not the usual effect of CG cheese. Then the beginning of the body begins. This was a movie that went south to me. Responding to the fact that people are dying in terrible and strange ways, it gets a strangely dim response. Once she realizes that the old evil has been unleashed again and is about killing spree, what does a man and a lady do? They usually stop "the one who knows the truth but has never told anyone." After receiving this important information, does he share it with his buddies at the excavation site? No, they stopped at the hotel to have a refreshing shower and pleasant little conversations. I'm really not the most motivated person, but if I knew that a demon from ancient Egypt was a freelancer and killed anyone in sight and came after me, I would give a little hand in my step to solve the problem. After this oversized and unnecessary middle section they get to destroy the Anubis monster in the usual way as they ride around dune strollers and shoot them with a rocket launcher while staying at a pile of phosphorus grenades. For science fiction, it was over the usual bullshit they dropped, which he did not say at all. What disappointed me could have been a lot more if someone wrote a decent script.
