I have never been a huge fan of Mormon movies. Being a Mormon, I've always felt that humor is too exclusive to the LDS community and that it seems to us like a lot of obsessive wacks. I hoped it would be a breath of fresh air, the film Halestorm, which I could finally discuss with my enemies. <br /> <br /> Boy, I was wrong. <br /> <br /> I thought, because it was a B-sheet talent like Clint Howard, Gary Coleman, Andrew Wilson and Fred Willard (one of my favorites), it would have to be a bit funny. And in addition, costume basketball is mature with the potential for a lot of fun gags and so on. But I have to say that in the whole movie it seemed as if no one knew what they were doing. Every joke fell and every opportunity for a truly entertaining gag was ignored. The dialogue was insignificant and the film had the worst character I've ever seen. Each character, but Wilson was less than one-dimensional. It is hard to believe that after the nine rewriting of the film he was still as motionless as the wreck I was witnessing. I can not put the anger I felt when I experienced it. My friends and I were in addition to the final gaming scene, so we went to the premiere in Washington, UT. Kurt Hale, director, was there, and I must say that after the show I avoided all contacts with him. He waited for the door, seemingly ready for feedback. I could not bring myself to tell him that his film not only teared an hour and a half of his life, but left a ugly, painful scar that I would never forget. Several specific problems I had: There was a small love story between a full-fledged pianist and a guy player, but these two characters came from nothing, and it was impossible to take care of it, so my friends and I kept wondering why we had these two lame, uninteresting characters to care for. There were many underworlds that appeared every minute, everyone promising the audience a laugh, but they all came and went into smoke and finished before you could even begin to care. It was about as the whole movie felt. This film was a great disappointment and I feel bad for anyone who is expecting the first REAL entertainment movie Mormon. It is true that the jokes in this are not too exclusive for Mormons. And then it's hard to tell what a joke was, and what was a loud ringing in my ears. <br /> <br /> Please do not see this movie. Keep in mind the fantasy that this movie is cheerful. Book the disappointment I passed
