I've been a student of the film for several years now. And the concept of cyber, kung-fu, satirical chimpanzee was thinking, "Is it the movie that breaks the form?" Let's see that America has never been released from any cinema that has a Simian costume. After such great classics as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In", I thought the best ideas were already accepted. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I cried, I was thinking about suicide. Now I read about the possession of demons in the Bible, but it still does not explain why anyone would create such a product of evil. At first, when I had the least scattered intelligence, I realized that the chimpanzee was actually a monkey, not a monkey at all. But I was sure that the creators of this problem would make it clear in the film. They did not. Let me summarize this artwork: A company named Z.I.T. she decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think he mentions soldiers who work for bananas, but if it cost about $ 13 million of government money to train one chimpanzee, it does not seem to be cost effective. Come on, Z.I.T. brings CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to Clemens training (The Chimp). Clemens is all Z.I.T. I hope. He can handle a whole shift of guards, who all seem to have acquired their training skills at a local shopping mall, yet we have managed to recall that we are watching a children's film. As you may have realized, Modine finds out that Z.I.T. they can be bad (Gasp!) And they decide to get Clemens out. Being a CIA agent and everyone, Modine knows that the best way to disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, play on television, fight crime, and use checks to pay everything. <br /> <br /> ZIT finds where Modine lives and sends two of their best to get it. These guards are perhaps the biggest comedy team from Martin and Lewis, or were they Turner and Hooch? It does not really matter, because in the end, for the end, good boys will win! Yeah! Hooray for Predictability! Throwing in a nerdy boy who learns to be alone, a lonely mother who needs a date, and musical montages that represent songs that would even be exhausted by Radio Disney and you will get a "Funky Monkey". The culmination of the movie? Football game! It's played by throats, bumblers, chimpanzee and boy. Nobody seems to be interested in such replacement in high school. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never leaves! It's the edge of the fun of your seat. Some might even say "American beauty" of monkeys. After completing this epic, I recalled that I heard a story about a railroad worker who lost most of his brain functions when the metal rod passed through his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal bar between movies.
