When I watched after I got the DVD for Christmas 2005, I came to send it - but after reading the other comments I have no heart. Obviously, it is a film that worked very well for children of a certain age. Well, let me be a complete Grinch; it could still work with some children - if they are not too saturated with media and are not visually too sophisticated, eg from watching all LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult, stay miles away; you will not like it. Good bits: Barbara Kellerman as a witch, especially in her early stages with Edmund, creates the right combination of charismatic evil and limited madness. Michael Aldridge in the small role of Professor and Jeffrey S. Perry as Mr Tumnus also has a kind of polished and skillful gaming that we would expect from the best BBC dramas. Aslan's costume works very well, she's wondering well. They have just the right eyes. Bad bits: almost everything else, but two areas in particular. One, casting. England is full of good actors and contains tens of thousands of attractive British school children. How could they finally end up with these four stiffs? They move like wooden soldiers and talk about it too. Peter has no gravitation or charisma (and is noticeably shorter than his allegedly younger siblings); Edmund is just a curse; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatically, visibly and drastically wrong for this part that I can not imagine how she did. Two costumes of animals. Again, they seem to work for some children. If children are still at the level where Big Bird and Elmo are exciting, credible characters, they can be thrilled by this film. But the viewer with sophistication, for example, the 12-year-old who saw Prisoner of Azkaban? When Mr. Beaver comes out behind this tree, there will be a cruel, sad laugh. Costumes just do not work - I could not, and I do not think mature or modern teens could break the distrust of looking at Mr. Beaver. Draw animations later (gryphons, etc.) Works better, it's easier to take. So: ten stars for a very young and gentle soul; everyone else reads a book and reads it and looks at a much better film that develops in your imagination.
