I looked at it a few days ago, so the details start to be foggy. The film is shot on hand-held cameras and much of it was when it was originally released because we did not have many studio pictures made in this way. I can not help, but I feel like it's a trick than anything else, so the audience thinks what we see on the screen does not have all the compromises that come with a big budget and it's so "real." However, what we have here is nothing more than an unsuccessful tearing of the first half of a full metal jacket, so anyone who saw it or any other one would know what the main problem I had was stereotypical characters from their stupid exhausted soft children, narrow harmonies of singing, Ebonics spitting black guys, tired world sergeants, bitter and twisted psychosoids, etc ... all are in a variety of situations that would give the most friction and tension at the time. Perhaps it was intentional to point out the stupidity and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee that tried to reach out to the biggest audience, all I know is that it was unpleasant. One of them was a mix of volunteers and drafts (where all the characters would normally be forced into the situation), although only the scenes between the two main characters really play a lot. This seems to be the main point of the conspiracy, volunteers who come to their senses and drafters who get a sense of duty and self-esteem, but everything is done in a forced and inappropriate manner. Another big mistake I had was how all the characters (except psychos and real love) respond to every inevitable conflict with the first aggression and the threats of violence faced by Farrell's ubiquitous stoicism, immediately back down and being all reasonable and diplomatic. I think if I had to find a plus, it would be one of the two leaders who were strong and very convincing that it was not very hard to imagine the nature of the character. <br /> <br /> According to my performance Bozz grew up as Zeke off Tour of Duty and for my money, 4 episodes would be much more fun to watch.
