One friend once told me that there was an independent film at the cinema in the cinema when - after the film was finished - the audience was so angry that it prevented the tearing of seats in the cinema. Of course, my imagination ran amok and tried to conjure up the content of such work. Well, now my imagination can be calm. I am a lifelong fan of Andrei Tarkovka and a passionate admirer of his work. I came across many people who thought Tarkovsky's films were slow and inert. Opinions of what they are, I have found that it is not true of the late late director's wonderful works, which are processed by sense, beautiful compositions and complex philosophical questions. When I heard that Aleksandr Sokurov was a Tarkov heir, I was thrilled to have seen his films. With the exception of an open field trip (Stalker), this film has nothing to do with what Tarkovsky has done. It does not seem to have the slightest significance, even at a totally mindless level. It's supposedly a "gorgeously sharp" cinematography that has no composite craft. There is no balance, no ratio, and the exposure gauge seems to be inadequate in freezing snow. The main character is so awkward and indecisive, so you wonder if your father could be alive if he had decided before. <br /> <br /> I also do not adversely affect other than stories in several non-linear ways. But there is no story. One must definitely come into viewing this movie with a bare head if one leaves it with nothing gained and nothing has happened because hair-pulling would be the only possible answer to the tempo that Tarkosky's time could make the statue look like Jerry Bruckheimer shot short Charlie Chaplin. I do not exclude that it may be one of Sokurov's spouts (Tarkovsky Solaris), but to conclude that he is one of Tarkovsky's heirs based on this film - Paris Hilton would call Aristotle's successor. C'mon guys, do not worry about it. No amount of great impressive words has magically to bring this celluloid back to life. I do not think I fully understand Russian culture and I'm not likely to have Russian values, but I immediately picked up Tarkovsky's work as something magical, treasure and gift to the audience. he was not wearing the name of Sokurova and it was broadcast on Saturday night that night, I'm sure no one would "read" all these wonderful analyzes into this wet noodle.
