Though the film could be "true" to Lewis's book (in that the script was essentially a word for word, literally), it did not capture any grandeur that would otherwise be related to an epic story like this one. Mythical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghosts) are drawn, and as in the previous review, the flying sequence on the green screen was hard to swallow. I almost laughed when I saw humanoid beavers with huge rigid suits and buckets of teeth; I almost cried when I heard that the wolf was "shouting" - a man in a gray fuzzy suit that basically screamed as loudly and as gently as he could. The whole actress is extremely forced, especially the little Lucy Penvensie ... I could take so much indignation, despair and teeth at fourteen hours watching the movie. The actress, playing a white witch in all her histories, seems to be on the stage more home where there would be more than welcome an exciting voice, a proliferation of arms and a brave effort on something Shakespearian. <br /> <br /> Sets feel claustrophobic, whether they are scenes indoors or outdoors. Inside, it's as if BBC could afford to spend $ 100 on the set, so it's very small and all the characters are always in common. White Witch Chateau is a nasty, rotting rural English castle full of soy ceilings and illumination. When the children of Penvensie travel through the woods - actually, some scene in the woods - they feel as if they were just walking around the circles. <br /> <br /> The only thing that looks good in the movie is Aslan, but you can bet that the BBC has probably thrown out the whole budget of the film to build a mechanical cat. He looks great when he stands and before he starts talking, but once he starts moving, you can not help, but the regret of the poor man, who must be a left suit at the back. <br /> <br /> Yes, if you are a fan of hardcore Narnia, you might want to see this version simply because it keeps every word Lewis has ever written - but Lewis was certainly not a screenwriter and a lot of dialogue feels tired and uncomfortable when it's on the screen. During a scene in which the children are at the beaks and are about to run away from the wolves, Mrs. Beaver is constantly, "Oh, just one thing, dear, and then we're ready to go," simultaneous shouts and sighs and moans "NO, Mrs. Beaver, Please!" - the comic relief scene, so incomparable (FLEEING is assumed to be in immediate danger without thinking about whether or not he has a sewing machine), reduces the dramatic path that the scene might otherwise have. In fact, the whole film is colored by routing a faux pas such as these. <br /> <br /> I recommend seeing a new Narnia (Disney 2005). The new film with updated effects, a great computer animation, great time all around, and a beautiful white witch (playing its role with all the gentle evil of an experienced politician, unlike the brash banshee) captures all the grandeur and grandeur of the Narnia world without worsening Lewis's original vision (I think). Lucy is much more cute (NO buck teeth, YAY!), Just like Beaver (and realistically dimensional), and BBC Edmund Brothers has nothing to the divine, desperately-hungry-for-admission-unsecured-and-In-Inferiority-Complex Edmund , which is the new front of the Disney version. <br /> <br /> If you are not a type who enjoys time by making fun of camping movies, I would not recommend this movie to anyone.
