I live in Ottawa, where this film was made, and I really wish it was not. This is one terribly crazy movie. I really try to promote independent films, but this stigma is associated with any indie and that stigma is: India Films Blow. But this film does nothing to break this curse. Actor, writer, director Brett Kelly has little to contribute to the genre, rather he has a tired, tired cliché from the films of the past. I am really tired of being in danger of the malevolent characters hiding in the shadows and croaking with the unsuspecting, too exaggerated. <br /> <br /> I remember one scene, especially near the end of the scene where the whole scene is lit by the vehicle's headlamps. Now some may say that it was the effect used to create mood and tension, but unfortunately it was to show the budget of this film. As with a movie that dares to call it horror, the viewer finds himself hard-pressed to find a real gore, in addition to several scenes of corn syrup and red food coloring. <br /> <br /> The biggest thing that reduces this movie is the tempo and lack of character development, the basic plot is that children are kidnapped and parents have to watch this Bonesetter before that time. get your kids back. Not that I missed this concept, but I did not believe it was believable when the two main characters who lost children could find time to choose between themselves. It is happening in such a short time that it is unthinkable that my first priority would be to return my daughter back and at least to get to know the lady before she goes out with her. The last point I have is ... and I do not hold it against Kelly, but the film is filmed exclusively on boring, powerless video and it really takes away all the strays that would just improve the style of the movie. Though this film would have earned millions of dollars and transformed the story and boring acting and lame, everything could not keep this film over water. My only hope is that something will happen to prevent Brett Kelly doing the sequel that was reported on his website, a sequel that was half-written at one session. <br /> <br /> Help us all.
