When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this epic novel, I was fascinated. As a fan of this book, I assumed that Tony, Roz, or Charis would be playing, but I was rather interested in how it would turn out that from this very deep, almost psychological (but not psychological) thriller to a movie that would be accessible to those who, who did not read the novel, and that would be at least slightly satisfactory for those who had. The book is a complex reflection of society, women and modern life, and I wonder how they use 3 different narratives that lead to storytelling in the film. What they really did was a crime. The biggest mistake and unclear problem is: Why Oxygen, a network that advertises for women, has taken a wonderful book on how complex, awesome and terrible women are and can be, and changing a protagonist from 3 women to a stupid former cop without the real motive to get involved in the story? Apparently, the person who adapted it chose the easy way to use this guy to ask Roza, Tony and Charis directly about how they knew Zen and they were immersed in the book. In this way, the story was blinking and everything that was great about the characters in it was concealed, except that the viewers should not connect with anyone trustworthy. In the film, these women are not human, they are characters. The book Zenia falsely died her death, but she mentions that she is getting to this point while the film loses 30-45 minutes focusing on the fact that this former cop ran around and did nothing. They tried to make this complex episode of law and order or CSI. It turned out that Mary Louise Parker was playing Zen, which was bad. Zenina is Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie or perhaps Scarlett Johnasson. It is a woman that men can not admire, and the woman women attract and threaten, but in "keep your enemies closer". And as soon as it approaches, it seems to be perfectly true and trusted, even though you have a better judgment. She is such a woman who, while losing, wins: she is always beautiful, still rich, and there are still people who do not know her. In the film, Zenia did not accept Charisin's man (a blonde American girl who used Charisa in the first place ...) but instead took Augusta and tried to become her legal guardian (and apparently returned as her mistress, a kiss in the cafe means) . And Zenia killed the chickens before leaving for August, but it did not make sense because all of them were removed. It's as if the person who wrote the script grabbed the straw to satisfy those of us who read the book, but I do not think I read the book, I would spend the whole movie confused if I bother to stick to it all. <br /> <br /> And Roz's husband was dead before Zenia came to the picture (which was strange since Zenia took Rosa's business and home life in the book, and so Roz hated so much) and she Zenia conspired to kill Roz's husband for years and years back. And according to Tony and the West they met forever ... even at a party where Zenia and the West (in the book) painted the whole black spot and made Tony look like it was totally with him (and the evil, bitchy) person , which has always been respected by all for her intelligence and her favorite. Tony's character was poor in this movie ... she looked a little psychic, and as a spiritist of any conspiracy she had dropped, as opposed to how a grumpy, slightly detachable teacher appears in her book. The film basically suggests that smart women are evil, beautiful women are evil, strong women are evil, and women who teach yoga are out of their rockers. In essence, they were trying not to be as awesome as it was in the book, and finally three women convinced the former policeman (who, of course, in meeting this problem meets Zen and has a matter to end with on Barbados or something sensual, which, of course, Zenia encourages) to hide Zenin's body (they found in the hotel where she stayed, but the film suggests that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony or the conspirators did it ... ) and then Zeni also managed to take all the Pink money in this process. By the end of the film I was only half-paid attention between b / c ads that spiral so far out of what could and should be. If you are not confused about this film crash, you might want it because I read a book and saw the film and I was ridiculously confused about the movie itself. It was terrible. I think shooting a movie from this book is quite a task, but if you are going to take over this task, you should start by finding out what is unnecessary in the book instead of creating some unnecessary nature for our Alice in Wonderland . <br /> <br /> There are really no hairy books that oxygen could do at least half of decent TV movies?
