If I never read a book, I think it's a good movie. But I read a book. Whoever did the screen, destroyed the plot. There are so many changes that it was not really worth the title. Changes in character, change of fences, time line changes ... <br /> <br /> First, who was Henry and the investigator? They were not in the story. Henry had Mitch's personality somewhat, but Mitch was not a cop. No, you did so Pink, he helped "sink" his body and used it as Zenin's blackmail against Roza. The real so-called extortion was Pink, Zenia slept with her son and wanted her to get away from him. Her son was also blackmailed because he was hiding like Gay from his mother. Her son did not even mention the story. Neither do I believe he is his mistress, the secretary. <br /> <br /> Tony and West were not together at the beginning. In fact, Zena was first at college. The black painted apartment was their idea, Tony had just visited. This is the place where Zenia and Tony meet, they become fast friends. Tony hides love for the West. Then Zenia went west, with cash from Tony, then West and Tony gathered. Eventually, take the West for a moment to leave Tony for Zen for a short time. Only the heart breaks. Then return to Tony. The zen of extortion behind Tony was that Tony wrote a test paper for Zen. Now she was a high school professor, she did not want her to get out. I say the character that played Tony has done so nicely. <br /> <br /> Charis's character was blonde, not that it really matters. Zenia did not suspect she had cancer while Augusta was alive. No, she was there when Charis had a lover named Billy. Augusto's father, was a war in Vietnam. Eventually, Charis has been taking care of Zen for months on what it was like to take drugs. Zenia and Billy have a matter right under Charis' nose, and they care for them at the same time. Then Zenia turns Billy into the government and leaves the ferry with him. Not with Augusta, Charis was pregnant with her. Charis also had split personalities, Karen was her real name. <br /> <br /> Zenia did not die from being cut into pieces ... she fell or was maybe pushed (we did not know it) from the balcony and landed in the canyon. She had almost pure heroin in her blood, and she was likely to have taken some ignorance and fell. This time she really died of cancer. She did not record any of the children's memories or something that attracted characters to the reader. The book was striped on bare bones. Then you appeared in the sight of someone else. Why can not you just write your own story according to what you shot the film. It was quite different and I'm sure it could have been even more.
