* Warning - No conspiracy plot before us, but the film spoilers nevertheless ... * My significant other leased it for me to think it would be a terrible romance with an all-star cast. Wow - very, very bad. This film is an exaggerated, exaggerated and exaggerated sentimental excuse for the theatrical release of the student film 15 years after its shooting! The copyright date of the box was announced in 2005, but during the first sequence of remembrance I looked at the dresses and hair that were to be in the early 1960s, and they noticed that the girls especially wore their dresses and hair from the late 80's and early 90's . It looked like she was shot 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to make it easier to remember, so she should look old, but it looked WWWWWAWAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYY more than the 1980s than the 1960s or even the 21st century trying to be 60 years ... then an adult lead associate appears. looks like a boy who appeared in retrospective sequences (yet he's another, much older figure whose youths appear in flashbacks). I was totally confused until I saw a short film in special features - these were all flash sequences shot in 1990 as a complete student film of the same title as this movie! It also includes a commentary that includes a little boy who grew up (and actually acted as a collaborator in the 2005 scenes). This film is, therefore, only a shell of a story woven around an old, re-cut student film, which is linked as an obvious excuse to get to the theater run. The story of a shell made in 2005 is mostly a man who has lost his wife and finds a healing and redemption in the dance class to promise the dying man he will be giving in his place (something about the promise of a dead man in the early sixties to his girlfriend will meet on "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse for shooting the segments around the old film in 2005?" These new scenes and conspiracies could be OK, except for a terrible, too sentimental score that repeats ad to the museum on almost every new scene and the cliché of action that penetrates into a new movie. well-known cast - it's terrible.
