Eventually I watched this whole (very long) movie because I was fascinated by its stupidity and naivety. It seems hard to believe that so many famous people (Anthony Quinn, Lawrence Olivier, John Gielguld, Vittorio de Sica, etc.) were willing to take part in this farce. But maybe in 1968 people * were * so naive? The story seems to be written by some confused Latin-American Marxist priest with an agenda. There is a conflict of great powers, and the Russians are really good boys, with the Communist Party Secretary General being a kind and spiritual man who suddenly sees the light after 20 years and feels forced to relieve his bad conscience by releasing the prisoner from the Siberian gulag. The priest immediately becomes a pope in a series of coincidences. We are allowed to see the secret Vatican voting process in the popes, which is depicted in the most hillariously pious form you can imagine. In the meantime, Communists in China have reached the usual socialist economic miracle starving half of their country to death. To solve this tiny shock on an inexorable glowing way to Communism, they want to launch a nuclear war (to fairly divide Western capitalist wealth among China's poor workers). The Secretary is a little afraid and calls the pope just before his crowning to ask him to make peace. They meet with a Chinese leader comrade Penge, who looks and acts as a 15-year-old boy. You get on the floor laughing about what people thought in 1968 that they looked like Chinese. Comrade Peng calls for the Western capitalists to pay (which is, after all, logical, that the capitalists constantly pay for the madness of the socialists?) And that the pope must sacrifice something as a common altruistic thing of equality and social justice. <br /> <br /> So when the pope crowns in Rome, he promises the whole wealth of the Catholic Church all over the world to feed our poor Chinese brothers in Christ. And so save the world from the nuclear holocaust. Besides, there are also some smaller partial drawings that, unfortunately, provide little to the redemption of this incredibly bad film. I'd give him three Oscars for stupidity. By the way, Anthony Quinn looks unlikely as a pope. It is far more plausible than the Zorba River.
