And I repeat, please do not see this movie! That's more than a review. This is a warning. It sets the record for the worst, easiest comedy comedy. At least with most recent comedies, gags are rough and flat, but writers and directors have made some effort to make them happy. I'm never tired of repeating one of my favorite motto: Everybody thinks they can make a comedy, and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is hard! This is not a genre with which a fool can play. I think it is horrible that filmmakers compare this waste with the "Kentucky Fried Movie". In essence, these gods compare their so-called comic talents with brilliant Jim Abrahams and brothers Zucker. Come on, I saw Paula Shore movies that are ten times more fun than Underground Comedy. Here is a comedy show for those who are curious to see this movie: One sketch includes a superhero dressed like a pen named D ** kman. The whole joke lies in defeating their enemies by shooting them with sperm. And it is done. That's all the joke. Wow. That's enough for Carrot Top to turn his eyes. Another sketch is a man who has sex with a dead person in a pornographic movie. And in another sketch, a beauty contest is a bag in which we are exposed to terrible remarkable middle-aged women dressed in bikinis, beers and strips. Plus, making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny. It's a step from mocking mentally handicapped. The whole movie is a satire. I think the filmmakers have forgotten that the key element of satire ... is true !!! For anyone who really enjoyed, please explain to me what is true about NO of these gags! Some of the sketches might have sounded funny on paper, but anyone who took the screen to write the screen knows that if the sticker is too fond of the paper, it's probably not funny on the screen. When I tell somebody about a big, black, muscular homosexual virgin who will save himself for the right man, he'll probably laugh. But watching the assumptions that appear on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. I hate how at any time people criticize such a comedy, which is not so funny, they are considered as rigid squares. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. This is another comedy with a low eyebrow, politically incorrect, but I laughed at my head. The most insulting thing about "Underground Comedy Movie" is not funny! What writers and directors do not understand is that only dirty and tasteless does not work. Must be more! Just imagine the famous scene from "There's something about Mary" (ironically, it's enough bozo filmmakers to give Farrellys on their special thanks list). The sperm joke was not funny because it contained body fluids. There was an increase. Ben Stiller masturbated in the bathroom to make sure he did not go on a "loaded pistol" date. Then he looked around to find out where the whole semen had gone after his release. The knob is on the door and must answer. His date, Mary, is at the door, and that's when it was discovered that the sperm hangs from Ben's ear. There are more gags in this movie, which include characters that spill over people with sperm. As Jay Leno says: "This comic thing is not that easy, is it?" Keep it in mind, Vince Offer, because you were not fired for this genre! The only reason people can laugh at these gags is that they want to feel their hips. Let's look at it, nowadays it's a crazy word that laughs at everything politically wrong. I know that comedy is subjective ... but this film should not be funny, except for the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the film had to be shot in front of Michael Clark Duncan's "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile" films. There can be no other reason why an actor of his caliber could voluntarily be part of this amateur weird show. All others in the cast are either non-actors, were-actors or B-movie stars. Karen Black made a good impression on "Five Easy Pieces," but I do not think she's doing anything of value since then. Slash was probably a drug in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the greatest star of the movie (knowing that Duncan was not famous at the time), and there are still about a dozen people who have not heard about it - for good reason. I usually support extremely low-budget moves, but this deserves obsession. I hope Lord, it will not become a cult classic! Should there be a law against the spread of such bulls?
