Everyone who visited the drives in the fifties, sixties and seventies had to see a movie or two films by American International Pictures, a distributor that resembled the giant Cannon Films of the eighties. Where the filmmakers dare, AIP will be there to deliver the latest en vogue titles - in the 1950s, horror films such as Voodoo Woman and The Undead appeared; in the 1960s, film comedies Frankie Avalon-Annette Funicello and biker movies like "The Glory Stompers;" and by the 1970s, AIP was telling garbage grindhouses like "Cannibal Girls" and "Sugar Hill". "Dillinger," released in 1973, is one of AIP's most powerful efforts to capture the true spirit of filmmaking; it's one of those unequal, over-top-flicks that satisfied the thirst for the masses for fun, craft and common sense to be damned. Overall, "Dillinger" is typical for its time: fun and worth a few hours, but certainly unforgettable. Hard for the action and shortly for the acting and historical fact, "Dillinger" was a direct effort by director John Milius ("Magnum Force"), but he certainly left room to improve his extensive career. <br /> <br /> The 109-minute film "Dillinger" - epic AIP - follows FBI Midwest boss Melvin Purvis quest, starring Academy Award winner Ben Johnson. Purvis was an investigator who tried to avenge four FBI agents killed in a Kansas advance in 1933 to help the gangster Frank Nash escape justice. Overall, the men who reportedly portrayed this breakthrough, including expert banker John Dillinger (Warren Oates), good guy Floyd (Steve Kanaly), and Baby Face Nelson psychologist (Richard Dreyfuss) appeared. Dillinger eventually joined forces with Floyd and Nelson, along with Homer Van Mete (Harry Dean Stanton) and Harry Pierpont (Geoffrey Lewis). He also joined Billie Frechette (Michelle Phillips), prostitute of the French and Indian extraction. Within a few months in 1933-4, the film "Dillinger" is essentially a pursuit of a movie where Purvis's escort seeks to kill and seek the men sought by J. Edgar Hoover. "Dillinger" has a documentary feeling that lists dates and places, while Johnson delivers a free narrative like Purvis. Milius keeps an honest look at depression, using authentic fashion, cars, weapons and buildings; he also sprinkles around black and white photographs and a track of gangsters. The film is never boring, moving fast, albeit at random. Action scenes are Dillinger's strong point, adapted competently by Fred Feitshans Jr in his last professional effort. Thousands of charge cartridges had to be used to create this film, not to mention pounds of explosives. This movie is certainly not squeamish, with people getting shot and falling dead everywhere on the spot. Violence, despite being free, brings a certain understanding of the chaos that organized crime has hit American life. This movie never goes beyond its exploitation status, because the necessary writing just does not exist. John Milius, somewhat overrated as a director, puts too much emphasis on the action. Action scenes (mostly bloody shots) are impressive and comparable to any serious crime film of their time, including Bonnie and Clyde in 1967. But we just do not know what Dillinger and his gang members like humans have; the vital relationship that develops between Dillinger and Frechette is hardly affected when the couple meet in the bar during one scene and behave like lovers only ten minutes later. Melvin Purvis also seems to have fallen in and out of action and has become a prominent figure only when Milius needs to keep the film from disintegration. Too often the film is interested in shooting when its characters could be explored in detail. In addition, the main crime of the image is ignorance of the historical fact. While many say that "Dillinger" is just a movie, it's such films that make peas and make them lasting. Those who have knowledge of gangster history point out that John Dillinger was not the last of his circle to die, because Milius's screenplay and film documentary style encourage us to believe. In fact, Dillinger died in front of Baby Face Nelson and Homer Van Meter; he also said he was carrying a pistol at night, nor had Billie Frechette dragged. While these inaccuracies can cause a high trajectory, there is no reason why Milius could not stay with the facts and write a great story. Warren Oates' performance as Dillinger is quite good, though he sometimes looks unconvincing. Oates is funny, and he portrays how Dillinger has become consumed by his bigger picture than in his life in the American press; nevertheless, we never feel the threat he caused during his life. Ben Johnson gives Purvis some life, but he's full. Michelle Phillips brings emotions to Billie Frechette, and it's really bad that Milius's script did not create a relationship with Dillinger. We will never know what attracts her to a cold-blooded killer other than the stereotype of an easy girl who is attracted to dangerous men. Supporting roles with Kanal, Dreyfus, Stanton, Lewis, and short-appearing Cloris Leachman is acceptable for such talent. As a work of the 70s, "Dillinger" seems to be doomed to the retail basket, which is exactly where I picked up the MGM DVD for $ 4.99. The film is nicely presented in a wide format (required for fast shifts) with subtitles in French and Spanish. Dillinger's theatrical trailer is supplied as a lonely extra. Mostly forgotten, in addition to fans of gangster movies and drive lovers, the film does not really require much additional material. For fans of the genre, it is definitely worth it. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
