Evidence of why the Hollywood conventions are in place. Stolen dialogue, undeveloped and flat faces and discontinuous stories are only part of the problems with this classic gangster. Trying to be courageous and different, but it seems to be a joint attempt to re-create the spell of Bonnie and Clyde (1967) from Arthur Penn and Butch Cassidy George Roya Hill and Sundance Kid (1969) - truly innovative filmmakers and films - bar. Problems with examples that are obvious lead to the need to explain explanations of problem areas. Editing appears again as an attempt to duplicate the previous classics, but it is occasionally incoherent and causes more technical problems for me. Unnecessary shots are handled to justify their shooting but would better serve the viewer by sitting on the floor of the trough. Stills, black-and-white montage, and period music are being routed in their attempts to either be different, or to cover scenes that can not be easily transposed, or to replace scenes that did not work and resemble Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid (1969). Extremely dramatic pauses between sentences, random shots of surrounding sceneries that were unnecessary for telling stories, and the above average performance of bit players and supporting actors were reminiscent of camera directors from the late 1980s - I was curious about who was at the head of this film during production and postproduction. Playing music in most two shots and close up and then suddenly stopping in wide shots too highlighted the poor musical score. No editing of the sound was drastically obvious, as the main part of the film was shots, doors, steps and dialogue (the style used by the late sixties to mid-70s by new directors), but the background noise that caused it to look artificial - I'm sanding on unclean roads. In my frank opinion, the biggest problem is that the audience has no "appealing" figure without leading it as the protagonists of the story. Neither gangsters nor scribes were the characters I wanted to see winning and did not even care about them as a "hero" -the need for a story to work for me. From Penn's and Hill's movies, we know who the heroes are. Although they are criminals, they like them and want to see them. I could care less who was on the screen in this movie. I had the impression that John Milius attempted to publish a non-historical reconstruction documentary about the events surrounding John Dillenger's life from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). are the moments of good, careful stories, which are moments that shine brightly from the dark and deep vessel in which this film is seated. John Milius is better off in future films, where he does not seem to try to "copy" other filmmakers. Dillinger (1973) is not a complete waste, as many stars and glorious faces at the beginning of the outpouring take part in this directorial debut of a "big budget," but wait for it on a classic movie channel rather than buy or buy. <br /> <br />
