Hallam Foe tells us the story of a boy who lost his mother and experienced some kind of Oedepus complex. It's about 95 minutes, but at ten years it would be better. He is there as an hour in the middle where he does climbing practice on roofs and customs in a church tower, such as Quasimodo (only he is much less sympathetic). There is some special love story, they have nothing to do with anything. He looks like his mother, yes, and what? We know he misses his mother, it was in the first ten minutes. They just had to start and finish together and it would be O.K. short film. Now it's a portrait of a character that does not change. He is the person with whom things happen. The only active choice he has throughout the movie is to ask for a job. <br /> <br /> There is this whole thing of Oedipus, which leads us to analyze his character. She brushes her face, dresses in women's clothing, and wears dead Badger on her head. Badger! You must see the end! He returns to his home with a badger on his head (and is filmed like a thick horror film) to kill a new father's father (with whom he had sex at the beginning). And somehow they thought it would not be fun enough to put some Indian punk music in the background. But I have to admit that I'm a little allergic to movies that want to write a psychological complex on your nose. He feels like the director MacKenzie, who is trying to show he is also studying psychology at school. You're so smart! Thank you for all these forgotten theories back to our memories! You really kicked! What Wallraff! Okay, now I realize that this movie is based on some random book, but anyway .. Photowis it's boring. A lot of talking heads. Plus the editor changed colors from scene to scene, you know cold and warm, etc. Why? maybe "Hallam Foe" is a feature and test film for color blind people. Or maybe they just thought the drama would not be enough to say they were lonely, so they grew blue, so we really got it. I will not even comment on the indie-oh-how-how-how cliches of the cute drawings they made in the presentation. And all the "cute" sexual things are happening. This whole movie is an independent cliché. But I recommend it. I laughed more than a few times. While it's really uncomfortable to be a student of the movie and see how the bulls get across the machine.
