I saw the movie again from people who do not know anything. I recently looked at Baby Face Nelson. Now I saw Dillinger and I had it. The film is garbage. I do not know how anyone in their right mind could compare to the classics like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is not far from classics. Someone called it brilliant. That's a crazy thing. This movie can not get any facts straight and has the worst casting I have ever seen. I do not know how silly the idea was that Warren Oates would become John Dillinger. Above all, he sees nothing like him. Secondly, at the time John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 when Oates made it 45! You could even say he's older than real Dillinger just by looking at him. Not only was he too old, but Ben Johnson was like Melvin Purvis. They show that Baby Face Nelson is dying, then Homer Van Meter and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both. The last of those who died was Baby Face Nelson. Writers not only do not know when they died but also do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after escaping from Little Bohemian cloak. Homer Van Meter was not killed by shotguns. Homer Van Meter was a policeman in St. Paul shot and shot by machine gun. Another member of Dillinger's gang, Harry Pierpont, is shown to have been shot by the police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to death on an electric chair. I'm going into what happened to Baby Face Nelson on my Baby Face Nelson so I can not get into it again. Let me also add that Richard Dreyfuss's image of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There is a scene where Dillinger attacks and then gets into the wrong bit. While Dillinger beat him, he cried like a child and screamed, "Leave me alone!" Baby face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Maybe Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's banal practices, but they never fought. Nelson never cried as a little girl when he was beaten. They still call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He has never been known by his name in his life. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis, and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black boy who escaped from Dillinger's prison was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius knows nothing. Where the hell did John Milius receive his information? I could probably make a better movie than he did. Ultimately, the way John Dillinger died is blatant and inexcusable. The film shows that Dillinger is leaving Biograf with Lady in Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette was not there tonight. But the girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis shouts: "Johnny!" Dillinger pulls out his gun and damn hell. It's the proven fact that Dillinger did not have a gun tonight. The FBI did not allow him to surrender, and when he was in place, they threw him away. They did not even have to shoot. They were so close that dust was burned on his face. It was a murder. They also say the man who killed the night was not John Dillinger. After killing many civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine the FBI reports that it has just killed another innocent unarmed man? The weapon they had on the display allegedly on Dillinger was also proven to have been made after Dillinger's death. I could go on and the man he killed was not John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you would like to know more, check out here. <br /> <br /> Look at the version of Dillinger with Lawrence Tierney if you want but do not waste time with this inaccurate piece of garbage.
