David Mackenzie builds on the brilliant Young Adam, who wants to feel like a good glimpse of a lone voyeur trying to cope with a psychological sexual problem with his dead mother. They want to be handsome, realistic and mysterious. At the same time, he wants to be humorous and unqualified with his disturbed leadership when he sets up as an adult. To achieve this goal, the film tries to be youthful. His poster has hand-drawn letters that look like Juno. His original soundtrack consists of a fast Indian rock that tries to convince spectators that Hallam is alright; just a little misleading. But strangely, the film is just young. <br /> <br /> Just like the young Adam, this film's central secret concerns a drowned woman - in this case, Hallam's mother. Young Adam keeps his secret calm, contemplative, and moves well enough to hit you with the truths that come. Hallam Foe is doing the opposite. It prevents the psychology of your character so clearly and so soon that it will never do anything beyond its expected parameters. The opening scene is Hallam in his house and watches his sister wander with a friend. Hallam interrupted quickly and confirmed his presence in the household. Here we see everything Hallam does for the rest of the movie. The secret that surrounds his mother drowns is whether it was suicide or murder of his girlfriend. Spectators can not really trust Hallam, because apart from being scary, we think his obsession has led him to madness. This prevents me from being a mysterious element because Hallam is too sporadic to be connected. Just when he found some clues that would support his claim to escape from home, he appears to be looking for the police at first. Then he gets extremely distant girls that resemble his mother, which frustratingly leads the story away from the mysterious element. While Jamie Bell brings some very cute features in his lost character, he was limited by the clarity of his psychological needs. This film is by no means mysterious, but it is not even blunt. She tries to be realistic in solving these questions, but adds a very self-conscious self-aware, which seems to be totally the opposite. This is a loud soundtrack, a trainspotting attitude that helps the audience root for the protagonist who measures the building, selects castles and camps outdoors for voyeurism. These urban peeping adventures that Hallam is doing are too difficult for the boy who is involved in the country and are not sexy, cruel or enjoyable. They are more neutral than anything; not a character or a story. Mackenzie understands Hallam, but he can not build a common ground. He expects you to use Hallam's trials and tribulations without great ideological justification. The film depends on the public's view of voyeurism / the kind of person involved in it. Obviously, most people will be disgusted. And Hallam Foe realizes this, but he does not allow us to see that Hallam values ​​the morale of his decisions. It moves from man to man and tries to fill his deep void. Of particular concern is the line of Hallam's love interest Kate, where the drunkard says, "I like scary boys," maybe I'll ask the audience to do the same. The line attempts to predict its understanding of it (its motivation remains unclear) and tries to move us from judging it. Hallam is not hard, but it's very hard to take part in his adventure - if it's even an adventure. All the time, the film tries to use its spectacular soundtrack to mask its indecisive mood. Great performances are considered by a film with a weak third act, a muddy development, and an unnecessarily ambiguous direction from Mackenzie. Recently, this movie has been dubbed for the US release and why? Not only is it more undesirable, but the hard truth is that Hallam's character never gets the title "master".
