And what about Dahmer's childhood? - The double hernia operation, which is believed to have caused its obsession with the internal functioning of the human body? What about the "endless country"? - The game he invented as a child that involved the destruction of men when they were too close to each other, suggesting that intimacy is the ultimate danger. And what about the relationship between his parents and the emotional problems of his mother, which were more relevant than his own relationship with his father? His feelings of neglect when his brother was born? And what about his fascination with insects and animals? How could he dismantle the road and hang it in the woods behind the house? And what more to concentrate on his cannibalism? And what about his divorce? These are all things that should have been part of the movie. Instead, the filmmaker decided to give us a wrapped "snapshot" from one day or two in his life, combining him with a series of confused and sometimes useless flashes of events that were not particularly relevant to our understanding of Dahmer. Why did the filmmaker not show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people? He could do so many times, especially in those scenes where he is drugging his victims while he has sex with them (which actually happened in the health club, not in the nightclub). Instead, it only shows him to be floating from behind. <br /> <br /> While I appreciate that there is just as much information as how much you can pay within 90 minutes (or how long), but why spend so much of a movie exploring his relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this film). My only guess is that the director was trying to build Pinet's character, trying to scare us or sympathize with him, but this movie should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why can not he spend the forty-five minutes on something else? If the scene and their relationship were sufficiently important to justify such time, then it was fair enough, but it was not. The scene in which she killed Steven Hicks, his first victim, is a vital part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first killing and the effects the killing had on the rest of her life. Unfortunately, the film does not explain that it is his first killing, or that he does not take nine years again. We suppose his style of hairstyle is different and he has glasses that it's a flashback, but when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the sanctuary he made in his living room at the end of his career? One of the most important tracks we have to understand Dahmer and his motivation. <br /> <br /> Some people may find their need for precision in fact and a bit of an anal detail, but when I studied Jeffrey Dahmer in depth, it is clear that this film has little to do with the person he was and the crimes, which he committed. Why bother spending time creating a film freely based on Jeffrey Dahmer, rather than solving the real problems behind his descent into madness and the massacre that follows? Finally, a film with a repellent object like this should have 18 testimonials, not 15. It was necessary for us to see his perversion in depth to understand how he was separated from us. This does not mean that the drill actually enters the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone, but at least the number of people he killed and what his Modus Operandi actually killed. Anyone watching this film, who does not know the story of Dahmere, could leave because he thought he killed only a few people. In fact, he killed seventeen men. In addition to facts and insufficient depth, the film is not bad at all. There is some pretty cinematography, and good performances from two main characters. I want to make this again a filmmaker who has more knowledge, more energy and a better reason for the film.
