Skullduggery is a strange, strange film based on the Vercors novel "You Know It". Running criticism in the film feels really harsh because it is a film that deals with serious issues like humanity and calls for fair moral standards and tolerance. But despite his intentional intentions and a well-defined tone, Skullduggery simply is not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is a terribly inconsistent story that can not make its own idea of ​​how best to convey its message. The first half of the film is like watching a standard expedition in the Tarzan jungle; Later, he goes to science fiction; At the end, the courtroom is inserted into melodramatics. Differences in tone between film sections are too large, too shocking to overlook. They look like a painful thumb and constantly remind you that you are looking at a confused and misguided film. An archaeological expedition to the jungles of New Guinea is led by Adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archeologists who participated in the trip is the attractive female scientist Dr Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a challenging trek, they cling to the tribe of strange human beings. These primitive, long-lost people are covered with hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by the development of modern humans. Is there any evidence that the precursors of the early man? "missing link" in the development of human apes. Or maybe a race of people who just look and behave differently than usual? Or even the race of animals that began to develop human qualities? Archaeologists call the Tropi tribe and are initially enthusiastic about the consequences of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when an ugly opportunist, Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid), declares his intention to exploit the tribe and their idyll on behalf of the developers. He asks if Tropi is really "human" and takes his case to the courts where he hopes he will be given legal support so his own greedy ambitions can continue. This was a very early film in Reynolds's career, and in fact, he does not match this film by acting as a comedy, while the rest of the cast takes it all seriously. Not Reynolds can be blamed? he has an impossible role, he has asked to play a charming adventurer who truly belongs to Tarzan. His character and film are not relevant to each other. Clark is much better off as a serious archaeological lady and there are good supporting roles for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. The main drawback in Skullduggery is the lame and ineffective makeup that Tropi gives to her strange furry looks. Rather than the actors look like believable hominids, the stuck hair just makes them seem unintentional comic? and that's just not the right idea. We wanted to feel great sympathy for these creatures, but that is terribly difficult when they look so unconvincing. Skullduggery is an unsuccessful attempt to tell a story that could be nasty, philosophical and encouraging. Honest intentions are for everyone to see, but the end result has not made them fair. An important failure can only be a failure.
