While the overall idea of ​​Atlantis escape was interesting, I found that the film is far less than what I expected when reading a conspiracy in the summer. Maybe I was too young in the technological age: the film was created as it is now in 2002, official five years ago - after viewing fantastic epics like Lord of the Rings, and sci-fi scams such as Star Wars as a whole could not be compared with other films similar to those of Dinotopia or Homer's Odyssey. My beef, basically, is that I could not relate - I'm about the same age of children (young adult) and I have no difficulty putting myself in place of a middle-aged man, if available. But the picture did not come to me on the other plane of existence. I did not find myself saying 'ACK! I would do the same! "It did not open the door of my imagination, even without being comparable to high-budget films or other stand-alone television films, I found some aspects of this element as a cliché: The development of a figure in children appeared too fast than I wished, I see too much stereotypical selfish teenager -botter-after-divorce image changing to it-we-big-happy-family-let's-never-separated-again feeling it can eventually create or break the image in the long run. they were able to go through improvement: a typical set of one or the other stereotypes: there was still a selfish beauty that wanted to be rebellious, accompanied by a perfect picture of the combination of athletics, good looks and intelligence, yet catchy attitude, and eventually the clever brother order today is so common nowadays, while I know that personalities have attracted I think adding more individuality in terms of nuances and other unique differences would make it more fun - and credible (in terms of character) - the film. <br /> <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> <i> I have to lift my glass to costume design and design - it was worth it finally finished. Do not get me wrong: all movies are worth seeing for myself, and the view of a person can never match the opinion of many, but I think with a little more depth of script and a little more (I can not believe I say it) The truth I can say Atlantis escape be magical.
