Like most people, I was impressed when I heard the concept of this film, especially "the filmmakers were then attacked" an aspect that highlighted the case of an angry crowd with an image on the cover of filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Then, when you look at the film and find out what it means "movie makers were attacked" was that some children were throwing stones on the sign and many people complained aloud and said, "Someone would he had defeated the two children. "Image on cover," persecution "as such? Total production. Which I consider to be the film theme of film, lies and manipulation to satisfy vain, silly children with more money and time, then meaning. I have no idea what a great truth the viewer has to take from this film. It's like Michael Moore's "Roger & Me", but if Roger & Me was Moore, the fooling people of Flint. It is totally misplaced and totally unpleasant. Wow! Can you believe that people who have suffered under the yoke of Communism would really be thrilled to have full-food markets? What the fools! And it's not so much, "Look at the effects of blah blah blah capitalism and the Western media," because it was not just that their fake market had comparable prices to competitors, it was, as many people say in the film, prices were absurdly low, someone mentions that they should know it was fake, how much they gained for a duck. It does not mean anything except that people who are poor go to a low-priced business, friends, a way to keep people down. The way to play a stupid practical joke on the elderly. You should be proud. How about a documentary about Iraq for your next film and show how people really excite a house without round holes in the walls and then say, "HAHA! NEVER ANY SUCH DOMAIN!" Morgan "Please Like Me" Spurlock unleashed this wet film finger is not a surprise, as Spurlock as one Hit Wonder prince of the documentary world is obviously throwing his weight behind any stupid sound concept that remains relevant in a world that really does not need it. <br /> <br /> Avoid being a plague.
