The main problem with the documentary film "The Czech Dream" is that it does not actually say what it thinks it is. In the brave - I hesitate to use the word "inspired" - the street theater act, Vit Klusak and Filip Remunda, two film students from the Czech Republic, dragged away the main fake scam that served as the basis for their film: deliberately created a fake "hypermarket" Eastco's equivalent of the Costco store or the Wal Mart Super Store), built an ad campaign around it - filled with billboards, radio and TV spots, official logo, catchy themed songs and fake merchandise - and then waited around to see how much "dump" showed their creation on the opening day. They even built a makeshift façade to persuade people that the trade actually existed. One might well ask, "Why such a thing?" Well, that's a very good question, but the response the filmmakers provide is not all that satisfies one. In essence, we are told that the goal of this stunt game is to show how easy it is to manipulate people to believe something - even what is not true - simply because of the power of advertising. And filmmakers are trying to protect themselves by moral protection by claiming that the "real" (ie higher) purpose of the charade is to persuade Czech people not to see all the ads that would encourage them to enter the European Union. This is especially special - especially when we believe that real advertisers who agree with this stunt claim against lying to customers against the unethical nature and at the same time justify their cooperation in fraud by claiming it is a form of "research" that works and does not work in advertising. By allowing themselves to be captured by the camera to make these comments, these advertising men and women are as vile as the filmmakers as the poor unsuspecting people who are the primary target of bustle. <br /> <br /> But in many ways, the satirical arrow not only does not touch its intended goal, but ironically rolls back around the filmmakers themselves who launched it. Because they are THOSE and NOT benevolent and naturally believing people who end up here as unethical and non-criminal people because they are progressing to fools from perfectly decent people, some of them old and disabled and being forced to travel long distances on foot you get into place. And what does it mean to prove it? That people are "greedy" because they are going to open a new supermarket looking for bargaining? Or are they stupid and grateful because they do not believe that they do not have to become a real market even if they were advertised? Such alertness would require a level of cynicism that would practically not work in the real world. No, I'm afraid this emerald, ugly little "stunt" can only do what the complete and utterly sad movie makers are for making some really nice people feel like idiots. And indeed, many of them, when they finally discover the trick they play, react with kindness and good humor. I'm not sure if I could get myself if I got into my position. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying the movie will not catch up - something like a massive traffic accident in action - but when the dust finally settled down and all the disappointed customers returned with a red face and empty hands in their homes, we can safely say, that they are not shy.
