When I saw this movie, I heard all the hype and I heard people say Denzel deserved the Oscar next to his Golden Globe, and I believed he had to do a great job if Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was wrong. I realize that people do not call the African American community (unless they are African-Americans themselves). I always hear complaints about how African Americans are never nominated and how they should win. Sometimes it's true (not so much today) because Whoppi Goldberg was supposed to win the best actress for The Color Purple and the movie should win the best picture. The only reason why this film was shot as it is is that people see a movie about the SOMI-SPOILER * of the African American during a very racist time period and automatically mark it as a masterpiece. <Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor but his role in this film has not influenced me at all. I was with him boring in the movie and his acting resembled his role in Malcolm X, but not so well. Spectators should believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is holy. People left the movies that worshiped this man, the hero, and went out and bought a book to make this wealthy man rich. <br /> <br /> * SPOILERS * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison mainly for crimes he did not commit. Of course, the crimes he committed (mostly stolen) survived, nothing more. People liked it, though drug dealers and thieves are likely to have the same reason, but they are looking down at the company. Everything in this movie attempts to portray this man as a saint (except for the apparent disbelief he had toward his wife and the aggression he had shown to the other man when he met his wife) but why it would not be - it was his point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) that are based on "true" stories, as they usually "distort" the true parts to something else, which is not true. That was his gaze and construction in Hollywood, yet they all believed it to be true without a doubt. I did a good study of his past a bit before I made any assumptions, and he was a very violent man. And not only that, there is still the possibility that these people have been murdered. If you do not believe me, look for it on the Internet and read articles that some people have about it. The boxing match he claimed to have won so easily was actually won by his rival Joey Giardello and there are cassettes that prove it. In addition, there are many twisted and deliberately omitted facts in this movie. Supporting casts were the prettiest people I've ever seen on Earth, and their "nice and perfect" person seemed hard to keep up. This movie was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate truth, a story that is still left to be true. Denzel's acting is obsolete, and Mickey Mouse's attitudes to supporting the cast are unpleasant. The film also begins very slowly and boringly.
