I have this movie from the library right now and I have not finished it yet. It's so bad I do not believe it. Audrey Hepburn had lost her talent at that time, though Robin and Marian had quite finished. This is the worst thing that is about this horribly stupid film. It's really just interesting because it was her last feature film and due to the appearance of Dorothy Stratten just before the murder. Among Gazzara and his friends is nothing but an idiot. Small signals and small bows and a nod to a true comedy, the weakest, smallest shadow. Who would believe that there are even some of the same surrounding areas of Manhattan that Hepburn lives so magically and even mythically in "Tiffany's Breakfast" twenty years earlier? The soundtrack of the old Sinatra songs and the Gershwin songs from which the title is released is too loud and obvious - you certainly do not have to wait for credits to find something delicately woven into the cine-musique image to find out when the songs appear . <br /> <br /> "Come back to writing" means going back and going down, I think. In this case, the handsome European lady Audrey Hepburn, you see from someone who has ever been an actress and always a star. Here she even lost her talent as a star. If someone whose talent continued to grow at that time, like Ann-Margret, played a role, there would be some life, even with the incredibly poor materials and situations at the level of the Mongoloids. <br /> <br /> Hepburn was a great man, of course, bigger than most of the movie stars he ever dreamed about being once and was one of the most beautiful and beautiful film actors. After this terrible performance, he continues to shoot a horror film with Robert Wagner, called Love Among Thieves. In the movie, "Everybody laughs", it's like she's been playing for 50 years. Even more subtle and apparently less intelligent actresses who have insisted on such as Lana Turner were infinitely more effective than Hepburn. Turner played seriously, though she was bad. Hepburn did not take it seriously, he could not bother; even hair and clothes look sticky. Her last really good job was in the "Two on the Way", perhaps her most perfect, if perhaps the best in many ways. And the girl who plays the country singer is simply bad. John Ritter is horrible, there's nothing he recommends this movie except he's seeing Dorothy Stratten, which was really pretty. Otherwise, the criticized David Thomson often used the term "lose their talent" never makes much sense. Ben Gazarra then lost all sexual attraction and so we have two films with Gazarra and Hepburn - who could ask for less? Sandra Dee's last, pitiful film "Lost," two years later, a low budget, had more than this. At least Mrs Dee spoke in her own voice; in 1981, the accent Audrey Hepburn just sounded silly; she will continue to PBS's "Garden of the World with Audrey Hepburn" and there her little irritating accent works when she goes through English gardens with aristocrats or waxes effusively about 'what I like the most is when the flowers return to nature! "as in narcissistic narratives, but in a real fiction movie, it sounds ridiculous, and if you think Tiffany's breakfast was such a deep poetic thing with Audrey Hepburn, one of the most beautiful women in the world, it was certainly one of the most beautiful screens in" My Fair Lady ", with Garbou in a few things, and Delphine Seyrige in" Last Year in Marienbad. "And then this, and her final short role as the" Happ "Angel in the" Always "Spielberg was just a lady - helpless and gruesome I went to her commemorative service on 5th Avenue Presbyterian Church, a beautiful service that included a singing singing singer song "Simple Gifts." The only thing that was not mentioned in the program was the sudden play of Hepburn's singing 'The Moon River' on the escape of a fire at 'Breakfast at Tiffany's', and this brought a lot of emotion and congressions to the congregation. she was once a great actress (as in 'The Nun's Story') and one of the greatest and most beautiful movie stars in many 50s and 60s, which has become really bad - that's not all in common. And maybe it's just a great human being who has a variety of minds in making things like a movie, trivial, yet it has a variety of minds to be merciless to draw attention to the shortcomings - which all of her later film work contained in abundance. Most of the interviews about Hepburn's blurring are about "my just lady." But the original actress's actress was "Wait Until Dark" played by Lee Remick on Broadway. Never as a celebrity like Hepburn, she was in many ways a better actress (Hepburn was totally incapable of playing something really sordid), although Hepburn was at least sufficient in that part. Then all the actors went down.
