I do not know why, but I thought I saw this movie earlier. Maybe it was a name, maybe it looked like a poster, I do not know. Anyway, it was quite promising at first. And even in the whole movie there were clear moments. Maybe it's because I'm not a huge fan of horror, and I do not see them much, but sometimes it sometimes looked fresh. But the rest is not that good. Sometimes he laughs. The movie is slow, sometimes bored, you forget about what the story was about. Characters are also not great. All. Butcher is all right, it seems to be creepy and crazy. Although I did not know what the strange things were on his chest (the whole scene looked fake and a little different) and why did you gather in your glasses at home? The main guideline is clear. His character is really hard to believe and very inadequate. But I think that's the error scenario. Like why did he scream when he was filming his girlfriend? Side casting is also bad. But the main thing I hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when women have some brains in horror movies? It is ridiculous. The girl finds out that the maniac has taken his friends' camera, tries to go to the police, fails, and then thinks it's the best idea. Why we can not go and take it! I know where the maniac lives! Yeah! It's growing! And then look at the camera in the bathroom! Why not? And then go into the room, look at the bag that was not there before, and just look inside. Maybe there's a camera? Not there. But a lot of interesting things. Shiny. Mmmm. Realizing that the bag means that the butcher has returned is too heavy for his little small brain. Then, of course, the ever-ending "falling-off" trick, it really looked bad. After putting the final nail into the figure, at the end of the movie, he entered the FULL car with dead bodies hanging from his legs, yelling "Noooo," as if he had just ripped the Gucci bag and went on in the car. .. Jeez. Come in. Nobody else thinks he's simple, okay, stupid? Just terrible. If her character was not so bad, maybe the film would come from another star or two. And I would even forgive the MMT characters that could take a hit with a steel hammer head (that's on the train that killed the conductor), butchers who can protect them from bullets, strange and inexpensive monsters eventually did not read Clive Barkers's novel, so I have no idea where the monsters come from) that nobody cared that hundreds (on the skeleton in the dungeon) disappeared and the main character who did not die when he pulled out his tongue (barely noticed). Oh, and the predictable end. Damn, I knew the final half of the trip, her disappointment. The only reason I've ever made a credit to the creators is that the movie generally looks better than most of the horrors I've been watching over the past few months. The visual style is nice, some shots were really nice, and the good CGIs that caused the killing seem really brutal. (though the blood did not really look at it at all) I think some people will look forward, some, like me, will watch if there is anything to watch, some will absolutely hate it.
