I have heard and read many tricky things about the Midnight Meat Train based on a short story written by Cliff Barker and probably the best adaptation of his work from the original "Hellraiser" he himself directed, but so far I can only express very mixed opinions about my watching experience. The best term for summarizing the entire movie in the word is nausea! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts fanatical young horror enthusiasts, but is also indisputably unjustified and exploitative. Under normal circumstances, I am very pro-violent, but it must at least serve a purpose. Youth? verbatim? shown in "Midnight Meat Train" is designed exclusively to shock and distract viewers with weak nervous systems and easy stomach suppression, even for the use of digital computer effects is not fully effective. There are more deficiencies, some even bigger than the absurd gore, but maybe I should first focus on good elements. The basic concept is definitely promising, and a number of sequences (such as chasing in the freezing room) literally emanate from constant suspicion and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately, this pacing is very uneven and the processing of a potentially fantastic plot is unnecessarily complicated. It is supposed that processing a short story in a feature film is responsible for irregularities in the field of stimulation, but I honestly think they could do more with revelation as well as the character played by Vinnie Jones. This plot will feature Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York, whose agent recommends looking for a truly horrible face of the city through ominous images. Leon becomes obsessed with the persecution of an introvert and suspect butcher who always waits for a field train. Leon is right because the butcher turns out to be an inexorable serial killer who literally crushes the victims with a big hammer, but murder motivation and behavior indicate that there is something much more important in the rails at night. "Midnight Meat Train" takes place in naturally disturbing places such as night stations and animal wars, and the film also benefits from good acting and a truck of completely disturbing images (such as body massacre bodies and blood-blown trains ), but director Ryuhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not fully exploit it. The end ends with many unanswered questions and, although Clive Barker wanted to have this, I still think we deserve a little clearer final. "Midnight Meat Train" is somewhat interesting and certainly scary film, but not without outages. It is not intended for easily offended viewers, but people who are looking for the consistency and clarity of the plot should leave it alone.
