I've heard a lot about this movie when people wrote and told me I should see it because I'm a fan of extremely bloody, horror movies. I got my hands on it almost instantly, but one thing or another did not always allow me to watch it - until now. It would be better if I did not remember that I even had it. The film was terrible. The worst thing is that it could be a lot better than it really is. I know it was Clive Barker's story and everything, and I did not read the story, but it seems to me that if you did not do it, you would be, like me, completely clueless and totally disappointed. > <br /> The film starts well - actors are a compelling, interesting story. The first scene is bloody - a great way to attract attention. I thought the blood looked a little bad, but because I saw it was the first scene I hoped later to improve. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects are so terrible, it was almost an insult to my intelligence that one can expect to believe, for example, that someone could knock a man's head directly from his shoulders using only a meat hammer. WTF? CGI blood (do they ever use ANY "real" blood? My home material looks better than any other film used in this movie!), Unbelievable tears (eyebrows emerge only from getting into the back of your head, (no one remembers, that the BONES are all over the body?), too dark scenes (each scene is either odd yellow or hidden in the shadows) ... only worsens and worsens I found out that I was mistaken by mistake, there is too much. that what could and should be a great serial killer movie will at the end eventually turn into a demonic / supernatural / monstrous film ... thank you! It should be held like a haunted guy who burns people in the subway - OK, with the theory of conspiracy he threw - and an exaggerated photographer - maybe killing people and selling meat through a meat facility? Plausible, featable ... and much better I think than the "real" h. It could and should work. Instead, it became a "living creatures at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it, but you, and if you read the book, well ... it just never understand" fiasco. Tragic, what a terrible thing to do with a movie with such a potential. If you do not like fake fake blood and blood, you will love it. But if you have half the brain in your head, you absolutely hate it. Stay away - far, far.
