Is it the same Kim Ki Duk, who conducted the testimony of "spring, summer, autumn, winter and spring"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who drove the gorgeous, almost silent, heartbreaking desire "3 Iron"? The same Kim Ki Duk, who dazzles us with the stunning tragedy of Coast Guard, has made us return to his almost patented natural motif to enable all (the characters and spectators) to experience redemption in the "Samaritan"? I just do not seem to find him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, of course, Kim's natural motif is still present. The film takes place exclusively on a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing floats, resting peacefully on the surface of calm waters. Yes, it's Kim Ki Duk, okay. Kim even describes the film as "beautiful" in an interview featured in the special features of the DVD. But I'm not sure what it means when you look at this irritated presentation. What is nice about angry, inconspicuous prostitutes, greedy, violent and inconspicuous fishermen, a vile merchant, animal torture, a sequence of self-reflection, and the pace that moves relentlessly between bestial carnivals and soulless brutality? These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in this completely confused and ultimately unnecessary film. If it is based on a bayonet or is intended as a parable, or is meant to be symbolic for something larger, this reviewer is not a source material. It was positively comparable to the Japanese director Takashi Miike (much to satisfy Kim), but in addition to some surprisingly good performances, especially with regard to what they would have to work with, lead actors Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I will find a small reason to recommend this movie . I did not see "Audition", but I doubt it will somehow change my view of "Island". Her violence is pornographic and unreasonably sadistic. His sex is not pornographic but passionate and masochistic. Characters behave with an irritated impulse because there is no plot. Her point is either non-existent or I admit that I have come to the heart of Korean cultural traits that I can not understand. The only beauty is in cinematography, which is classic Kim: dressed boats slowly over a peaceful lake, mountainous terrain dominating the background and imaginative and playful use of color. Occasionally, the audience appears to be locked in the large Kim Ki Duk room. Some touches, as well as the mysterious and seductive businessman who plays Jung and the pleasant strange use of a motorbike, are interesting. But as a movie, this effort is utterly confusing and ultimately insulting the senses, not necessarily for sensitivity. One hopes that Kim will leave this kind of film in the heap of his past, for we know he is capable of much more.
