As a good advert for republicanism you've ever seen, "Mayerling" is the everyday story of the royal people from the end of the nineteenth century in Austria. During one of the seemingly constant internal turbulences of Europe he touches Emperor Franz Joseph Mason, his rebellious son, Crown Prince Rudolf (Mr. Omar Sharif) Empress (Miss Ava Gardner) and various mistresses, secret police, spies, extravagantly dressed popinjay, gypsies, dancers, wives, soldiers, swans, a bizarre inbred web of European taxes at the time of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy of Franz Joseph. Filmed in what they called old movie posters called "Riot of Color," it resembles anything but dramatically dressed but intellectually questioned production of "The Student Prince". James Mason, who is wearing a very small white number, uses his versatile mittel-European accent whenever he remembers. I am his great admirer, and I sincerely hope that the reward is proportional to the reluctance that clearly felt to the character he is playing. Mr. Omar Sharif, who has built a career largely based on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and looking spirited, gives as his son Crown Prince a tremendously monotonous performance. He is completely unconvincing as a man who - in the film least cut and slipped over the shoulder of the Austrian aristocracy. With its well-lubricated locks firmly fixed in its place, it represents an increasingly unlikely uniform. As a rebel speaks about speech, but he does not follow the walk, the bottom knob on one of his tunic is about as far as his resilience goes. Unhappily married, he falls in love with the ordinary. "Forbidden Love" is one of the stories of the film. As the most unusual Miss Catherine Deneuve plays hardly in the envelope. Miss Deneuve has a profile for which she dies and we see a lot, especially in the sequence set for the ballet. Now I like ballet as well as another man, but it seems like this sequence takes too long, cynical critic could consider it "padding". Rudolf's mother, the Empress plays Miss Ava Gardner. It gives him a bit of good old American oooomph, which looks a bit like Auntie Mame, but it's undeniable. Rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother - I do not think it would be stronger than that. The only performance that is worth mentioning is that Mr. James Robertson of Justice as Sir Lancelot Spratt - I apologize, Edward, the Prince of Wales. He's so wonderfully misunderstood about everything that's going on around him, it's a pleasure to see him. I waited in vain for the immortal question, "What is the time of bleeding?" I have no qualifications to question the historical accuracy of "Mayerling", but in my opinion there is everything else that is unclear to him. It's a Ruthenian opera Buffa without melodies that sends you out of the wild.
