Let me begin by reading a number of reviews before hiring this movie and knowing what to expect. I was still surprised how bad it was. <br /> <br /> I am a big fan of werewolves and I used to forgive myself a lot when I was watching one. Most of them have side effects, bad gaming, and failing stories (at best playing from previous films). Meanwhile, with the possible exception of some of the later Howling films, this is the worst of the batch. <br /> <br /> First, the story. The reports on this site have been quoted a number of times, so I will not deal with the specifics. However, it is very clear that writers have absolutely no affinity for lycanthropic monsters. As is often the case when a horror film is published by a writer who considers himself "above" such a drive, they are trying to come up with a new turn of the werewolf myth. That's okay, but the fan who's trying to do it is generally regardless of the intelligence and sophistication of the horrific audience and eventually enrolled on them. The story feels like a parody of werewolf films and the events that are shown are just so untrue that I felt my intelligence was seriously offended. News television news, for example, never flinch from the reporter to get close to someone in the crowd behind them. Give your characters and viewers interest in being able to recognize the bad guy in the scene without using a flashing neon brand. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. As for the effects, I NEVER saw a less believable werewolf. I would be happier with Lon Chaney Jr. in crepe hair. The animals they use look a lot like ... well, like a boy in a cheap rubber outfit with a few stuck hair and really terrible animatronics. And I know many people criticized CG, but my God was terrible. One scene represents a woman's change and starts with the CG version of the actress naked, but for some reason without the nipples. My first thought was: "Hey, why does one of the characters" ReBoot "turn into a stupid looking werewolf?" Anyway, I like to look for positive results in any movie, little. Cinematography was successful (the film was filmed by all digital ones, which is interesting) and some performances were not horrible. It was also interesting to see Tippi Hedron as the most famous homeless in the world and Kane Hodder as a bad guy. Also, the Yellow Power Ranger got everything to grow up ... well, damn it. And if you are looking for skin, there are some tasty examples. This will end with a segment of the men-pig show. <br /> <br /> Overall, if you want a good werewolf movie, try "The American Werewolf in London", the original "The Howling", "Dog Soldiers" or even "The Wolfen" (even if one has more wolf than he was) . If you are full lykantrope, then come along. Otherwise, leave this.
