Hip. Erotic. Bad Sexy ... Anything. It's a "Terminator" with werewolves. <br /> <br /> No, seriously. The policeman puts a girl (waitress!) Out of a big monster and describes himself as his "protector". Leading actor Ryan Alosio is doing a pretty good job of mimicking Kyle Reese ... there is a massacre in the police district ... the evil guy is muscular with his red eyes ... and even includes a dialogue in the form of "You said he never stops. "The dirty screenplay comes from a screenwriter who has not sold anything to God since then, and it's all fired by the great bad director Richard Friedman. The film opens in the bar zone (always a good sign) and the poor-looking cyclist explodes without the obvious reason that three policemen persecuted. One of them is black and (shocking horror!) He is the one who is killed during the first five minutes. The film moves down for another hour or so, and then rises a bit with some decent action sequences before rounding off the ubiquitous end. <br /> <br /> Most of the cast appears as competent actors doing what they can, a bad screenplay and a director who is willing to cope less. If nothing else seems to be learning how to act in this film and Alosio and some of the supporting casts show signs of talent. DarkWolf in his human form is played by guaranteed Kane Hodder - renowned for his numerous paintings by Jason Vorheese in the films "Friday 13". He's pretty decent, especially when he's not used to talking about roles. He has become known among horny teenage boys on the Lesbian Roof scene between Androul Bogart and Sasha Williams, several times in the great tradition of former Power Rangers. And it is inconceivably clear that the editor spent too much time on the scene ... the main redemption is that the physical werewolf effects are rather good and the design of the wolf is not at all bad. But CGI is bad. It's just bad. I mean, if you can not reach a certain level of realism - why bother? Just throw some extra money into make-up! In addition to this terrible scenario, this film has moments, many of which are inadvertently entertaining. It's good for laughter if you have nothing better, but just do not get any money. Please.
