DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong), who led a fairly ordinary life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) killed a werewolf, you see that werewolves actually exist in modern America, and even a special organization within the police force in battle against the threat of the wolverine led by detective Steve Turley (Ryan Olosio), who has a difficult task to tell Josie that he is really a blood of werewolves and that the so-called "dark prince" Were Kane Hodder to join her and create a new breed of pure blood Werewolves to take over the whole world or something like that. Josie, of course, trusts that until he can see the testimony with his own eyes. It's Steve the Wolverine to save Josie, the day and the world ... Co-executive produced and directed Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a pretty bad low budget fired on a digital video camera horror movie that did not do anything to me. The script Geoffrey Alan Holliday starts promising enough to be in a strip club with a lot of naked breasts on the show and then a Werewolf attack that leaves someone dirty everywhere but after this good start of the sequence it's pretty down the hill all the way I'm afraid . The beginning is slow, it's tedious, it's predictable and it's loaded with a very unpleasant character that performs with lots of bad dialogue and makes stupid things like when they have the chance to shoot the Werewolf that they do not have, I have no idea why, but rather just instead . The screenplay is stupid and does not explain why Josie has never before been a werewolf? Is it really the only one? Why can not this "dark prince" find another female werewolf? There are also many other things that have little or no meaning as an ancient book that seems to be very nice, but it is totally forgotten about half way, but you also have the idea that the whole film is born in a very linear fashionable to very predictable climatic the settlement that is by far the smallest. Director Friedman illuminates the film quite well with a clear neon, but it's a new or original note and does not really make the movie as a spectacle. Now let's talk about special effects or rather their lack, because effects in DarkWolf are far from special, Whiplash transformation is achieved with CGI and is among the worst CGI I've ever seen, seriously, Playstation could be embarrassed with these computer graphics . It's the worst transformation of a werewolf I've ever seen, the American werewolf in London (1981) was made more than 25 years ago, but the special effects are literally years of light ahead of those seen by DarkWolf, who says the special effects have flight? Animatronic puppet effects are not much better, though at least on the screen there is something psychic. Gore is not too much, after the horrible opening kills, there is some blood and many dead bodies, but nothing more. Thre is a lot of female nudity if it's your thing, but do not be too upset because you still have to sit with a horrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? Technically, DarkWolf is fine except for the worst possible CGI effect at all, it's pretty well done and seems to have at least production value. Acting is what you would really expect. DarkWolf is yet another low-budget piece of spooky film that throws video tours and does not organize the schedules of obscure cable TV stations, I did not think it was as bad as some, but it's like saying that going to a dentist is a bit more fun than going to a funeral, they all said and they were both terribly still ...
