"Nacho Libre" (2006) <br /> <br /> Directed by: Jared Hess <br /> <br /> Cast: Jack Black, Ana de la Reguera, Héctor Jiménez and Darius Rose <br /> <br /> MPAA Rating: "PG-13" (for some rough actions and rough humor including dialogue) Tell me what you're gonna do (I know some people despise it). I always thought that "Napoleon Dynamite" was a fun movie - it's not the brightest brick on the wall, but the fun movie, however. Jack Black is also a very entertaining person - sometimes irritating, yes, and massively overrated puberty teens who practically worship him but funny. Rarely it was a comedy by Jack Black, which I did not like to a certain extent. So I was very glad that Jared Hess, the writer and director of Napoleon Dynamite, and Jack Black will work on a film about a Spanish monk who becomes a wrestler to save an orphanage. My only win was that the conspiracy seemed a bit too thin. Unfortunately, one of my reservations turned out to be the fall of the whole movie. This conspiracy, if it was done as a skit on some such show as "Saturday Night Live" or possibly "Mad TV", would work flawlessly. Unfortunately, the plot runs too far in about one and a half hours of running, and this comedy with one joke falls. Nacho was brought up in a Mexican monastery and became a devoted master of the Lord. Feeling to avoid the monastery, Nacho (Black), now the monastery chef, decides to follow his dreams to become a professional wrestler. Because the financial management of the monastery hit a low level, Nacho decides to join the tournament to win and provide good food for the children's orphanage of the monastery. This conspiracy sounds so sweet and careful. It looks like a perfect movie for Jack Black. See what he did with "Rock School". Well, because of my displeasure, this conspiracy is almost completely destroyed by the insulting and humorous humor that moves away from the heart of the film. Is it the Hollywood way to show that they have the feeling that teen audiences only understand humorous fantasies and silly humor? Of course, everything I know, maybe it's a general idea of ​​teenagers. Watching an obese woman run like a mouse over the floor will surely make people laugh, but do not expect them to get the price for putting on their movie. A seven-year-old son could do the same joke. The performance in "Nacho Libre" is really good. Jack Black once again proves he is totally cheerful and can do even the most idiotic, worthless lines that sometimes appear comical on paper. Unfortunately, this film just was not enough for him. He did not give him anything that could go on, and the only reason his jokes were working was for him. I have never seen or heard about Ana de la Reguera, but now I can say that not only is she quite talented but also one of the most beautiful women who have ever adorned my eyes. She just played the role and it worked great. Héctor Jiménez, who plays the Cloak of Crazy Esquette, has always laughed at me. He did a very nice job and was very effective when he worked with Jack Black. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan named Chancho, did not have many lines, but what can I say, I just enjoyed it. It was adorable. The rest of the cast did his job. It is unfortunate that they were lost to such a sub-par. <br/> <br/> "Nacho Libre" just does not work. His plot is too long. Everybody's heart is polluted with sad humor and unfortunate jokes that just do not work. I rarely laughed, and if so, it was because of Jack Black or another member cast. And that leads me to the clear side of "Nacho Libre": yes, cast. This cast was just fine because there was no better word, they were on. They all knocked, had excellent chemistry together, and drew as much life into a flat screen as possible. After Jared Hess "Napoleon Dynamite" kept me busy for the whole movie, I was surprised that I was so often bored with Nacho Libre. Something was lost here, and I still understood what it was. All I know is that Nacho Libre is not a good movie, yet it is completely worthless due to the cast. There is little reason to watch, just watch the work of Jack Black. But if you are not a fan of Jack Black, avoid this movie as a plague. I like Black but I ended up with this movie and this review. The Final Thought: Yikes! Jared Hess is surprisingly disappointed to follow his hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite". <br /> <br /> Overall rating: 4/10 (C +)
