The order begins in Rome, where the head of a special order of priests dealing with demons and brothers Dominic (Francesco Carnelutti) is found dead, cut out to New York, where one of his orders is Alex Bernier (Heath Ledger) top brass cardinal Driscoll Peter Weller), who asks him to investigate the mysterious circumstances of Dominic's death. Together with his girlfriend Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) and his classmate Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy), Alex travels to Italy to dive into the deaths of his mentors. As the truth begins to appear, it seems that Dominic was a "sinner" of sins and lived with the burden so that they could die gently and that the church was not satisfied with his activities. Alex must do what is right, even if it contradicts what he believes ... Also knowing under the name of Sin Eater this American German co-production was written, produced and directed by Bian Helgeland & it really does so for me if I'm honest and I I'm usually honest. Anyway you can start with a mess of a screenplay that has some OK ideas, but it's very predictable, unbearably boring and boring, really stupid at times, and it takes too seriously. The whole concept is complete, and although he thinks it's smart, it's such a neat twist that ends everything and brings the story full of circles. I thought it was the most visible and lazy way to end things. Here are the usual religious motives, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah, blah, blah, you know such a thing. Then there are bruises that are not hard to see, the abuse of power by high-level spirituals, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know the kind of hollywood ideology and theme that is repeatedly used every time, the Church. The Order has nothing new and as a serious piece of the film it's very upset. I'm not too sure what to attract the Order as a horror horror fan I've never seen before, like a thriller is less exciting than a mystery is too predictable, and there's nothing I can really hold or keep interested in and for some reason I can not figure out that IMDb also lists the Order as an action film that is absurd because it is as exciting and actionable as the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present), rough maybe, but that's what I think ... Director Helgeland makes OK work, the film looks like it has a very soft lighting scheme and it all looks a bit silly, gray and boring. For the supposed horror movie The ceremony is very light for fears or elements of horror, in fact there are none except two evil children who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, do not ask. Forget any gore or violence, because there is nothing that would be all right, but it would at least help make the ceremony a little observable. According to IMDb section "Trivia", the date of the Order was returned, so some special effects could be improved because they looked unintentionally funny, all I can say is, according to the final film, that the effects had to be really bad to start with not being so brilliant as it stands. <br /> <br /> I was amazed to see that the Order had a budget of around $ 28,000,000, which is a hell of a lot of money and I just do not see where it all went out of sets and production that are good. The whole movie looks and feels very average and totally forgotten. The game is fine, though the annoying fat guy who seems to be a foul-mouthed comic relief is irritating, a good actor like Peter Weller deserves better than this. Order I prefer the title Sin Eater basically does not mean that it matters too much, it misses all its intended goals a prominent mile in terms of me and it's a pretty boring way to lose 100 odd minutes of your life so do not do it! Not recommended.
