This justified justification for the film reminded me of a lot of what I heard about "Gigli," the flop Ben and Jen this summer. The "line" was clearly adjusted in such an undignified way that scenes, rather than making a cohesive and provocative film, seemed to be a collection of unrelated sequences that did not represent much of a unified conspiracy. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I Hate About You", "The Knight's Story" and especially his supporting role in "Monster's Ball"), but my guy needs to find a better agent. Continue to receive scripts like "Order" and "Four Feathers" and he will be on the fast track to forget about the movie. Here are the problems I had with this movie. First, the director tried to offset the shortcomings of his major plot by introducing two more conspiracies that seemingly had nothing to do with anything else. Distribution blankets involving an American who tried to take over the Vatican and the Dark Pope, although it was slightly interesting, nothing to see the main characters. Attempts to tie these threads together were, at best, pathetic. Secondly, please do not offend the viewer's intelligence by embarking on movie scenes that are obviously obligatory. We made anxiety, made love, and the most idiot-made sex that looked like a side straight from "Matrix Reloaded" with a skull-dull techno music. Rather than a developing nature, these elements looked like cheap devices, which apparently was an elusive attempt to teach teens chewing popcorn on the seats. Third, and most importantly, this film looked like an interesting concept. We have a scandal, we have a religion, and we have supernatural powers to play. So why do we learn almost nothing about someone's background? We will learn a little about Alex, but even give up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who had tried to kill him during the exorcism in the past. And Alex is the most advanced if you can call it a character in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> As the cliché becomes today, if you want to see one movie this year, make sure it's not that. It's about ten interesting minutes from an intolerable 101-minute business. The only thing that saved me came with a girl I like. <br /> <br /> 1 of 10. I'm disappointed. Record this undervalued potential, but it will erupt over too much adjustment and misdirection. Heath my man, go back to the Monster Ball-like camera. They really do fit you.
