In the past days of the Catholic Church, the sinner was the only person who, through the ritual, accepted the sins of a dying person. Often these people were excommunication or similar individuals who would not expropriate the Church, thereby denying them access to the heavens. Sinners were considered to be rattling and bypassing the monopoly of the Redeemer for redemption. Try this sex a bit with some obvious supernatural mojo, let the concept wander where it can and you have "Order," a movie that combines religious anti-authoritarianism "Stigmata", paranormal investigations "Files X" and "Thorn Birds" sexual spirituality into a special melange that sometimes works. Alex (Heath Ledger) is a dishonest priest, one of the last members of the Order of the Carolingians, the real order of demonstrators seeking knowledge, fighting demons. When Alex's mentor is found dead under bizarre circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate. Other friends include Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman) who were one of Alex's exorcisms a year ago. Three go to Rome and explore them and are drawn into the dark underworld of bizarre Catholic heresy, sinister prophecies, demonic attacks, and the man who claims to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same principles on scattershot and half the "Knight's Story"), the film is special and difficult to classify. It wants to be a few things at one time - a supernatural thriller, religious intrigues, a dramatic TV pilot - and they will only succeed in each of them. It's not helped by the slow pace or the fact that most actors seem to be helping their performances with occasional explosions of brilliance. In particular, Ledger has a particularly stunning scene of despair in an otherwise monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, showed the same disconnected performance he gives in all his films (most notably in the "Rules of Attraction"). The fence itself moves back and forth between several different story arcs, leading you to what is the main thing with every arc that contains its share of red herring. Large spaces of narration sometimes disappear between scenes, which can be confusing for many people, but it is also one of the economical graces of the film. The structure of the film - coupled with the fact that there is never really a clear antagonist until the very end of the film - forces the viewer to analyze and justify at a time when most of the films are clearly obvious (the exception to this is the historical background of karoling and the practice of sin, both are explained in dry exposition). Even in the beginning of the film, character relationships and history are defined instead of explanations. Combine them with on-the-spot shooting and judicious use of special effects and you have a very old supernatural thriller with even the initial credits that resemble something from the late 70's and the early 1980s. <br /> <br /> Shortly mentioned, David Torno's fine and organic score, a combination of minimalist orchestration and exotic vocals in the style of Lisa Gerrard. A very nice score that evokes it without being bombastic and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. A miserable conspiracy, a lack of purpose, and sometimes a sleepy performance would often damn the film, but for some reason, the "Order" remains observable. Many people will be largely off the film due to their special feelings and some may even be angry that they are forced to engage in the higher functions of their brains to understand them. Still, the boundlessness of the film will prevent it from being a critical or commercial success to the DVD, which I am sure will be supplied with a number of deleted scenes. Recommended movie only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
