Good guys in Webster's dictionary define Logofobia as "fear of words". Maybe I'm just logophobic. Since no verbal combination has scared me more than the beginning of the movie, Credits contain the words "Produced, Written and Directed by:" followed by the name of a single person. Think about it. There are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so few traders. Even the most experienced directors like Speilberg and Scorsese rarely take such control over their films. But there I was, all hiding in my theater chair, popcorn in hand and wanting to watch the Order when they threw me like Nolan Ryan's balls, were the words Produced, Written and Directed by Brian Helgeland. Who! <br /> <br /> When I was a film fan I knew Brian Helgeland. As a writer of his philosophy over the last 10 years, he will be captured as the price of dotcom's shares in 1998. There were so many theater inconveniences (Assassins, The Postman, Conspiracy Theory) because they were critical and honored achievements (LA Confidential, Mystic River). Did they seem to change? one good, one bad, so he knew his latest BloodWork movie was one of the most unnecessary efforts in Clint Eastwood's career, I took my breath and hoped it would be the best. Looking back, I should not exhale. Hegel Ledger (Helgeland's A Knights Tale) as Alex Bernier, a priest known in the order as Carolingians, who is called to Rome when a priest is killed in circumstances that Arch Bishop considers to be "curious." They met with Father Thomas (also from the Order and played excellently by Mark Addy in Still Standings), and they set out to put together a puzzle that left in anticipation of the premature death of the priest. <br /> <br /> Complicated issues is a subgroup involving Mara Sinclair (played by Shannyn Sossamon) who escaped from the institution as a result of her attempts to kill Alex during the exorcism. Alex has feelings towards Mara, and for some reason unknown audience travels to Rome together. Good night's sleep is going on, and Alex is confronted with William Eden (Benno Fürmann), who claims to be a hundred-year-old sinner. The sinner, as we are called, are those who eat the sins of a calming individual when the church does not, and thus allows entry into the heavens. William, like luck, will be tired of healing life and is looking for Alex to take over his role and free him from his worldly duties. Alex is reluctant, but after the death of his new love Mary, Alex resorts to the Sin Eater ritual to save her and the transformation is complete. Alex searches for answers to his many questions, while Father Thomas reveals a Vatican conspiracy for passing through the authority of his colleague to the investigator. <br /> <br /> The order is not a terrible movie, but it is terribly boring. There were ridiculous special effects and no connection with any of the characters. Even in the most dramatic scene - the fact that Alex walks to the dying Mara - she is pale and restless and leaves us with no emotional response to the situation of the couple. Everyone seems to be talking so quietly and unreasonably that film flats and scented salt could be given to prevent me from trying to get a quick nap in the middle of the movie. So Mr. Helgeland, I'm glad you did not try again. Share your vision with others and let those who are more experienced to help guide you into directions that are not so focused and self-service. Until then, there is nothing to radiate that you could do anything more than an unsatisfactory level. Two stars. <br /> <br />
