The writer has been trying to re-create the "exorcist," but he has put some crazy story to him that will seduce you, instead of preventing you. There is no substance in the whole movie. It had the potential to be something special but it blows off by showing a lot of people who bother about what nobody is bothering about are incredibly bored. I wanted to leave the theater when I saw it, but the deep movie tickets were expensive so I had to withstand the terrible torture that felt as if it was forever .Nice on the screen the relevance relevance back to whatever characters they were talking about They use computer graphics here , that instead of wowing me (as I intended, I hate CGI) just destroyed the film even more. Some people say this movie was terrible in cinemas because it's "provoking thought" and "slow running without action" because it's an intelligent movie. "What is so intelligent or thoughtful when the story is basically a handsome boy, eath Ledger, as a priest who is interested in love and does not listen to his religion? It seems to be a non-inspiring concept." Oh and there is some mumbo jumbo about "The sinner-eater" (the film was originally called "sin-eater") .The Lame Concept, but the film took the "sin-eater" thing too seriously, so the film became pathetic and vicious about how dark and intelligent it was. , I know that there are really sinners in the Middle Ages, but this movie just sounds raw .Nothing in the movie has been properly done and I have forgotten why I even bothered to see this movie.If you want horror movies that really have depth, Rosemary's child, a tenant, naked blood, a society, a cannibal holocaust, a pin, an exorcist, a man's murderer, or Rom's "Dead Trilogy." Nonsense dialogue can not be compared to intelligence, lmu think that though (the same kind of people who think that ridiculous film like Hulk is a film masterpiece). If you want to think that it's boring boring horrors, watch the Rite. This movie makes the church look like a roller coaster ride.
