... and even they can live without seeing them. To be honest, this film (if one decides to call it) is a real interest only for slaves of slavery. Betty Page fans will not learn absolutely nothing new (and I mean nothing *) nor will they enjoy the warm fuzzy experience of something familiar, beloved or beloved. Do not forget the perverted scenario, wooden, less acting theatrical performance, absolute absence of direction, miserable lighting or any remnants of valuable manufacturing costs in the basement. This is definitely "Hey, kids, make a movie!" film making of the lowest order. I think we might be grateful that at least they knew how to run the camera. No, I'm sorry to say that this is not why this thing is so bad *. It's a bad thing because the young lady plays Bettie Page, a rather zaftig girl, whose only similarity to the Royal Curve is dark hair and brand name bangs, is totally incapable of bringing anything to the role beyond being willing to be bound and overwhelmed. This is clearly a good thing for her film career before and from this miserable surplus, but not because of a desperate surplus that consists largely of a series of lovingly re-adopted B & D set-pieces set among the terribly terrible faux-biographical scenes defining Ms Fall Sites from grace (speak like this). In fact, there is probably more information about the life of the page in the opening and closing data than in the rest of the movie. Do not be fooled. This is not a good accompaniment to the Notorious Bettie page. This is not a good movie at all. This is a fetish who trades with the charm of one of the greatest wizards of all time and does it without classes, without style and without any real sense of understanding the nature of Betty Page at all. No real fan of Betty Page finds anything but disappointment, I guarantee it. <br /> <br /> Avoid at all costs. If it is free, remember that time is also money. Yours may not be a lot, but I bet it's enough you'll be sorry for spending time with this. That's it, I ended up, you warned.
