I'm a little torn at DARK ANGEL. The film appears to be "loving" tributes to the greatest experience ever - but there is so little "real" content that the film itself is virtually insignificant. I can not really see what is the motivation or "point" of this movie - because there's little biographical information in the story - so those who do not know about Bettie will not know much more about ANGEL after they watch DARK either ... < br /> <br /> The film basically chronicles the past few years of Bettie's career in the modeling of slavery. Almost the whole film consists of the "reconstruction" of some of the "more famous" photographs and Bettie's loops. This reconstruction takes on literally 75% of the films running and practically does not see Bettie as a human. The film briefly touches on its short-lived legitimate active activities and the subsequent decision to leave "business" and become religiously - but it is all to a great extent distorted in favor of the demonstration of long and exhausted reconstruction scenes ... DARK ANGEL it's not a terrible movie - it's nothing. The second problem is that the actress who plays Bettie really resembles her in distant shots - up-close it's not. The second thing that irritated me is that although Bettie did several topless modeling shots - the only nudity in the movie was a short part captured in the zoo at the end of the credits. The film itself is obviously an extremely low budget, but it does what it can set, and in its limitations it's costumes - so there is no danger. The game is quite wooden and unforgettable from everyone involved. In fact - the most memorable thing about the whole movie for me, I noticed that at the end of the credits, the actor who played Irving Klaw is the real name of Duke Flyswatter. No joke - check the cast list. I can not say that I recommend this too high if you are not a true Bettiefile completist and must own everything that concerns her. And if you are so wrong - then you need to seek treatment ... 4/10
