One of the serious potential environmental costs of most mining activities is pollution of subsequent flows, rivers and lakes with excess sediment and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the US since the 19th century was the excessive settling of the river caused by the hydraulic extraction of the golden coarse hills on the banks of the Sacramento Valley from the 1950s to the early 1980s. This process involved directing a high-pressure water jet to the slope, causing the material to rinse down where gold could separate from the gravel and sediment. The sediment then gathered in a ditch or stream and most found a way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment that remained in the riverbed increased the likelihood of flooding in agricultural fields and downstream towns, and in some areas created permanent bogs. Some sediments spilled into an agricultural field where they could cover a permanent crop or cover a desirable soil or a heavier plow. So the contradictory interests of companies using hydraulic extraction and subsequent farmers adversely affected by these operations are the subject of this nearly forgotten 1938 color film by Warner. <br /> <br /> First of all, we might ask why Warner decided to make this film in somewhat bad Technicolor, a very rare treatment in 1938. The story of wheat farmers and goldsmiths does not seem to us to justify the costs and difficulties with colorful shooting at this time. It seems to be a disproportionate film time spent indoors, with fancy colorful clothing and decorations. Then we might ask why George Brent was colorless as the leading man and the ultimate hero to be paired with Olivier de Havilland. Among other things, this film really needed the charismatic leader of the person who carried him. Even usually the colorful Gabby Hayes, in her small role, looked unusually muted. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before apparently the much more dramatic last piece of the film. The part I have seen has spent too much time creating a complicated link between too many people at the expense of graphical representation of the situation of the selected wheat baron and perhaps the nearby urban people and their attempts to solve flood and sedimentation problems. It has to resemble "The Good Earth," which was published just a year ago. Perhaps it would be good for a charismatic leader such as Errol Flynn. Finally, there's a thing of unnecessary title. Warner would certainly come up with a catchy or more appropriate name. "Gold or grain" is short and point. By the way, I understand that there are still lots of gold in their "hills" waiting to be mined by means other than mining.
