Exploding zeppelins that hit Jude Law's "Sky Captain" are an adequate metaphor that describes how this movie is really terrible. First of all, let me express myself out of the bats that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will ever get some money back from this movie. A cult hit could happen, but only because it is so remarkable that what it could not achieve. I see the studio pitch now. "Combine 1920s German Expressionism and 1940 World Adventure with Modern Motion Action and use computer animation to control every scene!" "It does not want to be a success!" Skycaptain exasperated wildly. There are too many false blasts, too many unconvincing dogfight scenes and too few real moments when the characters are just painfully two-dimensional. After all, why shock and astonishment with one floating airship when you have three, five or a hundred? In addition, what could be a pioneering movie that seamlessly combines computer-generated images with human actors in a stylized and exciting environment will in no way become a flop because it does not meet the most important requirement for any CGI move. Simply, the graphics are incredibly poor. From the movement of passenger cars to aircraft physics in combat battles, everything seems to be little. I'm not here at all. The child may have noticed that the car does not travel down the road like a maglev train (unless it is his Mercedes S500). And for those who raise their voices to protest and say: "This is a stylized movie, it should not be like reality," let me just say it. Lord of the Rings set the standard for real-life integration of actors in CGI, Starship Troopers set the standard for ironic science fiction films, Rocketeer has done a solid job of re-introducing the decade of the 20s back to the Hollywood film portfolio and Tim Burton's Batman created a unique painting of New York / Gotham , which is not yet to be repeated. Sky Captain falls so little on all these films, it's hard for me to mention them in the same sentence. Plus, acting is so poor, it makes me positively ill. So you have it. I spent 9 dollars to see this movie and you get me. I hope he can deter you from making the same mistake as I did.
