In short, this film is completely worthless. The goal is to create a movie from the perspective of what someone from the early 20th century could think of the future. An interesting idea, but the lack of a convincing story or character prevents us sometimes suspending our distrust, so the thought just falls. Apparently the entire movie was performed with actors in front of the green screens and we should be amazed. But as graphics, excessive softening was an obvious crutch to hide a difficult problem with sharp edges with green sharpening. Color is mostly flushed to no significant effect, with the exception of reduced visual quality. And I do not understand why anyone would think of something about this movie in any such situation. If something feels, ridiculous retrograph graphics reduced the bar to really bad graphics - it does not change even with the old graphics of Jurský park. The robot models were so simple, simple and very insurmountable. There were many wild animals on this island as prehistoric, but they are by no means explained. The story is horrible through faith. In fact, I can not believe I just did not go out of this movie. The relationship between Polly and Joe is unmotivated and is based on distrust and deception in the film. Why is Morris Paley character even there? We are in no way convinced that Joe is heroic - I think he is flying by plane and rescuing one person (Polly) for personal reasons. Yeah, he's a great hero for you. Dex has very little time on the screen, so why should we worry Joe wants to save him? Who was the Nepalese who blocked Joe and Polly in the vault and why would they do it (remembering that Totenkopf's entire operation was robotic)? Holes splitting: (1) Why Bai Ling's character (the main crash of her outstanding character in "The Crow") stop the robots who captured Joe? They searched for bottles and did not find them. (2) Why should Dex be captured but not killed (did not even know about bottles, and does not know that Polly had bottles and was connected with Joe and Dex)? (3) Polly suggests that they "know" nothing about Totenkopf, yet he is wearing a secret source that contains what seems to him to be a complete FBI-style set. (4) A blank space on a map, as described by Nepal - if they know everything about this mysterious area, so why the hell is their map empty in this place? (5) Polly and Joe must give up their clothes at one point (burns) - Joe gets new clothes that are identical to his old clothes, but Polly is forced to wear some very strange looking big dress, then in the same line of continuity at one time Polly has her original dress back. <br /> <br /> * Sighs *. How far do I have to switch my brain to look at this bullshit? We have to be excited about over-produced music, even if nothing interesting or remarkably exciting on the screen. > <br /> And acting? Should we be amazed by lots of bad British accents? Which character is not annoying? I think the Ling Bai dialogue was probably best in the whole movie (not a single line). The dialogue was not a camp, and it did not even reach the level of cheese. It's just bad and annoying. These people are not heroes or insurmountable; they're people you'd be trying to ignore or say goodbye if you ever had the misfortune to meet them in real life. I can not believe that this movie will get an above-average rating here IMDb. IMHO should compete with "Batman Forever" at the bottom 100 of all time.
