When hordes of robots start attacking the capital cities, who stops madmen from attacking? Sky Captain !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan, eso skyways, fighting with unbeatable chances along with his annoying reporter, former girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and former flight partner, Captain Frank Cook (Angelina Jolie). <br /> <br /> The Sky Captain and The World of Tomorrow can look and feel like an exciting film, but it's pretty boring and compelling. The film runs for 106 minutes, but feels much longer because there is no substance in this movie. The visuals were great and the movie was great for it. Nothing, however, supports these magnificent visuals. The film lacks the story and interesting characters that do everything that is quite dull and useless. I blame director and writer Kerry Conran. It focuses steadily on the visual scene and spends little time on the real story. The film is like a girl who has no personality, after a while she gets some sense of fatigue and fatigue. Sky Captain presents a beautiful girl without personality. It's just another case of style over the essence. The performance is surprisingly average and it's not really their fault because they did not have much work with them. The main reason I watched this movie is Angelina Jolie. The ad is quite misleading and it's only about 30 minutes in the movie. Its performance is surprisingly low. Jude Law gives good performance, even if you expect it much more. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special. The performance of Ling Bai was the only one who really liked me. She gives quite good performance as a mysterious woman and she was the only interesting figure in the whole movie. The film, however, is not a complete bust though. There were some "wow" and exciting scenes. It was not enough. The film simply does not have the hook to really remember it. It was quite faint, and it was not at all. It's a bad thing that the movie was not very good because it was so promising. Eventually, Sky Captain is surprisingly below the average and really worth watching. Rating 4/10
