Sky Captain is perhaps the worst movie I've ever seen. Rife with an incredible CG and special effects that were featured on the game list (Jude Law, Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, and infinitely dear Giovanni Ribisi) and raced alongside Indiana Jonesequire, but it was a great movie to watch. <br /> <br /> "It should be a key term here, of course.Jude Law plays Joe Sky captain with a moody accent and a lot of over-belly, heart is shaking but you can not do anything for nothing and even his flippant (If he had hit Giovanni Ribisi on the back and said, "Good boy, Dex," just more time, I could fight with all the guy before me.) Gwyneth Paltrow, like Polly Perkins , there is nothing less than a nerve grid.In the first ten minutes of the movie, an old and discreetly sarcastic note rises, maybe she has made too much effort to play a stereotyped heroine of comic books 30 - who knows, I've been waiting for her more, as the character played (and played well), "The Phantom," starring Kristy Swanson and Billy Zane, is the end of the 90's to find the movie and you know what I mean by Giovanni Ribisi and Ang Elina Jolie was a saving mercy in the movie. (Angelina Jolie was unbelievably hot in the eyepiece. I admit it.) In a few short scenes, both actors somehow managed to climb over the tired material and deliver more boring performance than their two-dimensional friends. The story and the progressive story were an old, boring and essentially monotonous combination of every good scene from the action movie over the last thirty years. The tempo is a rapid fire in the first half of the film and the snail's pace in the second, giving the audience enough time not only to estimate the end of the film, but to find out who is the key villain. Pairing is more a cliché, too - Polly Perkins and Sky Captain seem to be separated from the hot-finished novel after a few years, and their story is not as charming and eclectic as it is unpleasant and inconsistent. When they finally cope with their mutual feelings at the end of the film, nobody is surprised and no one really cares about it. <br /> <br /> Supporting the director for having Bai Ling enough to dress her in skintight vinyl the entire movie and also interesting sepia tones that served as a coloring. But Captain Sky, despite having all the essential elements of being a great movie, falls on his face. I did not pay for $ 2.75 to enter the theater.
