"Sky Captain" can be considered a number of comics, pulp adventure and movie series, but it contains little of the spells of the best of those genres. One contributor says that movie fun depends on whether one recognizes the influence of the film. I do not think that's true at all. Expectations of films, fiction and serials that the captain gave tribute to were completely different. Especially for those who have experienced these fun when they were children. This film is almost completely deprived of the magic and magnetic appeal of those. Of course, we know that the leaders get into and out of scrapes, but there must be some tension and drama. To reach the climax of the "captain" of the law and Paltrow have ten minutes to prevent disaster, and when they get down for five minutes, walks are not running toward their destination. They choose the time for long prospects and unnecessary conversation and contemplation of the fallen enemy with 30 seconds of tragedy. Of course, some conventions are expected to be included, but a good director would retain some sense of urgency. One does not expect such films to "make sense". One expects them to be entertaining, exciting and having a sense of inner logic. "Captain" almost does not. Do you remember when the laws and Paltrow are being pursued by winged creatures, and they get into a huge abyss going through the ship's bridge? Well, how are they absolutely safe from those beings when they get to the other side? They can FLY !!! The abyss itself does not mean anything to them. Bridge is useless for them, so where is the escape? If the country across the abyss is "forbidden" by flying creators, the film did not come to tell us how and why, or even. <br /> <br /> I know that Paltrow and the law (both gave fine performances in the past) played "types," but both were fairly flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who turned out to be capable of great nuances here) and Angelina Jolie appeared to give some "oomph" of their roles, although Omid Djalili looked as if he could handle a little more if he had only a chance. He did a pretty good job when he considered what was essentially useless. The film had a great look, but there are so many ways CGI is paying attention. CGI works best when used for fantastic when used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or magical grandeur. When used as a substitute for natural places, it disappoints. There is no real sense of divination. CGI Mountain Mountain has no stability or a sense of respect and premonition that real mountain does. I know the design of this film was quite deliberate, and it was not necessarily a LOOK really, but should it NOT BREAK? It just was not. <br /> <br /> As for the weak and cliché scenario ... the tribute is not a justification. Although the film had some excitement and dramatic tension, it could have been nice. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise but he had everything the "Captain" most remarkably drew the viewer into his world and made us accept his rules and the way the "Sky Captain" certainly did not. <br /> <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to films about comic heroes of the 1930s and 1940s. Original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) come to mind as a maturity for such treatment. Perhaps a better, well-known and fully-accomplished character that has a character would have a much better film. It would be hard to be worse.
