After the War in Lock, Stock, and Two Smoking Barrels, the British film industry quickly began to entertain bad gangster films in the late 1990s - early in the morning, which are even more desperate than they did today. In one of the ubiquitous candlelight beetle cases, Rancid Aluminum producers inconspicuously touched the "Best Movie of the Century" quotation from a single overview of the advertisements, skipping the rest of the sentence and pointing out that it was just because at the time of writing it was the only a film that was released in 2000. Looking at it today, it's hard to imagine how it ever happened, uniting the cast that was briefly considered a Cool Lady Britannia Maggie Brigade Cream? Rhys Ifans, Sadie Frost, Nick Moran, and Joseph Fiennes? but now only a guaranty of turkeys every time in a confused adaptation of the confused James Haws novel. The fact that a story can never be explained can only be the possibility that nobody really knows what it is or simply does not think it matters. Something to do with the fact that the Ifans entrepreneur is based with murderous Russian lord Steven Berkoff in money laundering or in an investment plan (it's never clear because no one ever asks) Irish accountant Fiennes, who expects the Russians to kill off the Ifans take over your missing company. Things are still disturbed and underestimated. When the Ifans alternates between the screaming of how awful his juggling life is in the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and busy dark personality Tary Fitzgerald, Berkoff still says "Bizniss" and "Francis Drake and Fiennes make a decent Irish accent, because just because he played a great writer in Shakespeare in love does not mean that he is the judge of good writing as far as movie scripts is concerned, the most convincing performance comes from Keith Allen and Dani Behra, you know the film is in serious trouble. stands for Russia full of people with Polish accents, and strange scores that have trapped John Barry's way out of music to Ennio Morricone Spaghetti Western on a stylofonic budget, has failed completely in the cold bets with which he tries and ends a curious overcrowded but almost conspiratorial is powerless, and sits there as a journal.
