This is a direct sequel to "The Mummy's Hand" (1940), because Stephen Banning's main character (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years older and relates the story (using archive records) to his son-in-law. The film has only two unusual aspects: the early death of Banning and the presence of Turhan Bey. <br /> <br /> Lon Chaney as mummy Kharis gets top-ranked billing, although due to the nature of his role, he has little to do than his neck or his hands. There is nothing terrible in his presence, except for his attempt to take the fiancé Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran gets the second invoice but is killed in the first fifteen minutes! We will have to wait until "Psycho" (1960), when the main character (Janet Leigh) will die before the film arrives! Banning's friend from the first film, Babe Jenson (now Henson), appears a little later, looks a lot, much, older, and does not make any of the comics he made in the original. It's hard to believe he's the same actor! Unfortunately, this great piece of work is useless because Kharis kills him in two short scenes. Then it is left to Banning's son, John (played by John Hubbard) to lead a persecution to the cemetery - NO! The sheriff runs a flashlight that controls the crowd in Banning's house to burn it and kill the mummy. Sound Versatile? <br /> <br /> Turhan Bey is introduced to the audience as a new high priest, Mehmet Bey, who takes care of the Khari feeds. With its "exotic" voice and appearance, it's so bad that it's so easy to kill. Better film should "Babe" take the Von Helsing's nature of things while watching the mummy, with the final decisive battle with him and Mehmet Bay. But instead, we have a pedestrian reconstruction with various bits of Universal's previous horror films, made by Griffin Jay, who wrote many other Universal clones, although he also made "Don Winslow of the Navy" (1942) Don Winslow of the Coast Guard 1943), also featured on Elyse Knox. Elyse Knox starred in Anne Howe's six films Joe Palooka (1946-1949) and, of course, Turhan Bey with 43 films and TV credits, is great in the title role of The Amazing Dr. X (1948). Cinematography is much darker and atmospheric (with noir shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first mummy "Kharis's movie, but it's nothing interesting or exciting.
