This extremely faint Australian excuse for the film is something like Pavlov's dog experiment between horror. Do you remember this famous experiment "conditional reflex" from your school books, right? The Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tend to sinister before the food actually came into the mouth, by repeating the animal-stimulating routines. Pavlov rang the bell for a few seconds before the meal was delivered to the dog, and after a while he became anxious and excited, and he began to drool to hear the sound of the bell. What the hell has this whole boring explanation in common with the clumsy and low budget Aussie slasher, I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of the maniacal murderer in "Nightmares" is the exact variant of Pavlov's experiment. Each single murder sequence precedes the unhealthy sound and image of a killer who breaks a window because he insists on using a sharp glass piece to slaughter the victims. So it means that after a short while, the inconspicuous and bored viewers can let them melt and simply re-orient themselves when they hear the sound of broken glass. In this way, nothing special will miss anything! <br /> <br /> As for the quality of "Nightmares" as a movie, I can be very brief. This is a cheap, uninformed and largely immoral Aussie cash on the current popular trend of American slasher films. At the beginning of the 1960s, a four-year-old witness to the cruel death of her mother, when her throat split into disaster. Twenty years later, the same girl? Helen Selleck? is a successful actress scene but still has serious mental problems and suffers regularly from terrible obstacles and traumatic nightmares. She explores the role in a black comedy game that rotates with death and gains a role. Shortly after the big premiere, everyone who even takes part in the production is killed. It is actually slowing down how this film attempts to keep the secret about the identity and motivation of the murderer, even though even the most progressive viewer can do it even after the next murder. I do not think I've ever seen anything more obvious than "nightmares" and the creators were supposed to show their face right now and rescue themselves from embarrassment. The murders are clear and very bloody and there is also an unhealthy amount of naked nudity that 'likes'. Production values ​​are bad, and the film is never shocking or provocative in one place. Several clips that we see from a real game show that this is perhaps the worst thing they've ever played on the stage. The only positive elements in the film are the characters of the director and the gay critics of the newspapers, both of which are beautifully sarcastic and offensive to other members as well as us. "Nightmares" are horrible pieces of exploiting horror cinema, but hey, at least I gave you the golden tips to make me more digestible.
