This movie was a real torture feast to sit. His first mistake is to treat nuclear energy as a natural "bad thing" that barely needs to convince her audience. When trying to put forward its argument, participants have to give dechlessly hardly substantiated facts; all that is missing is someone who is crying "when will anyone think of children?". While watching this movie, I still thought "where did you hear it?" or "it can not be true" - yet little information has been backed up by reliable sources. And to bless them, "ordinary people" in the film came across as Luddi rather than people with any understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of nuclear power plants; to be fair, it may be the fault of filmmakers, but just equally it is a condition shared by movie stars. <br /> <br /> As for the artists ......... .. Now some of these people are highly respected musicians whose music I liked and I'm sure some of them really believed in this thing. But they all meet when the old hippies desperately try to find something that could be processed after the 1960s. Especially embarrassing are Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - it seems he can not believe the things he was told (not that I blame him) but desperately feel that I have noticed and included it. James Taylor performs what is the most distant "anthem" of protests, "Standing and Fighting", in the most foolishly entertaining way you can imagine. In fact, most of the performances are quite insignificant when they are not patronizing. Nobody seems to have done this, as if it did not mean much to them. It is worth mentioning that John Hall, the Orleans group and responsible for some of the most popular MOR pop 70s, is the driving force behind this event. (Remember if you dare, "Dance With Me" and "Still the One".) It's worthwhile to realize, because it's symbolic, what can not inspire any real passion in music here. The reason is life or death, but everyone is asleep in their numbers as if they were playing Catskills. With the exception of the Gil-Scott Heron case, his "My Almost Lost Detroit" protest number is at least on the topic, but it comes with all the courtesy of a college student, overwhelmed as "controversial". Only the power of Bruce Springsteen causes a pulse; I have never been a big fan of the boss, but I'm totally smoking, I have no doubt. Part of me thinks it was recorded separately, for other events and edited into this movie to awaken the audience. Compared to general immobility and air of self-esteem, it is no wonder that Bruce was celebrated as a rock'n'roll savior. But even his performance is hideous by aimless concert shooting. I do not expect to see a lot of vicious camera moves in the 1970s movie, but the shots are unnecessarily static, split for only two seconds on the paired almonds of the singer. Some of it may be because artists are helpless to start; and * perhaps * filmmakers are more capable of shooting documentaries than concert shots - but all you have to do is watch the movie "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz." And with other exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> So there are really only two things you can look at for this film: Stardust's performance by Springsteen and a sad picture of anticultural bankruptcy.
