The relatively cheap and successful continuation of the successful mummy's hand is probably the evil evil Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) prepares his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) to search for vengeance in America using the mummy Kharis (Lon Chaney, the reason that is in the camouflage that each stuntman could do the same credible work that would surround and strangle the victims) to kill the surviving members of the Banning family whose patriarch Stephen (Dick Foran) and assistant to Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) mummified the body of Princess Ananka from her tomb in Egypt . Andoheb considers this an extraordinary act of desecration and wants the family to suffer for doing such a terrible act of ancient Egyptian custom. Bey and mummy Kharis find a nice shelter in the cemetery, where the priestly priest Karnak can work as an umbrella. Every complete moon, Bey will feed Kharis a form of liquid derived from several Tana leaves that will keep him not only alive but subordinate to his wishes to the master. Bey instructs Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister Jane (Mary Gordon), and at the same time turns to Babe to come back to be a victim. 3. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox) ​​but does not know that Bey secretly asks his fiancé to want to take Kharis's help. John's life is at risk because of his father ... he is also the last member of the Banning line. If Bey has Isobel, there is no chance of another birth. The police must find Kharis and the one responsible for his bloodshed. God. This film is a sequel to HAND one year later, when members of this film, Foran, Ford & Zucco all appear in the "aging" makeup giving wrinkles that show gaps in the time Andoheb is preparing for the death of Bannings. The royal novel by John and Isobel appears only in this conspiracy, so Bey calms down and threatens his perfect plan, which was done successfully before he exhausted him. And Bey just sees how worried she is with John on the grass ... all the garbage that they did not like at first glance did not look for me at all. In addition, you have a mummy that can kill people with one hand ... is a mummy really powerful? This movie also uses a ton of footage from the previous movie to save the budget for this sequel. There is not such a story, and yes, typical of monstrous images, even in America, crowds will shine ... the noise that goes by Kharis. You know how it will end. John and the super-powerful Kharis separate themselves in a huge mansion with fiery fire around him when the evil one is flooded with flame.
