First of all, animals have emotions. If you did not know, then I'm convinced you're crazy. But suppose none of us is crazy. We all know that animals have emotions, and now we want to see how these emotions are obvious in nature, right? What we get instead is a boring and ridiculously simplistic documentary that tries to show how animals are "human." Directors are looking for high and low records of animals that behave like human behavior, and when it happens, they say, "This monkey is almost human!" (this is actually a direct quote). Everything is in human terms. They lose the time to theorize what makes the dogs a "smile", but they do not once mention what a toothy tail means. The arrogance of these researchers is disgusting. They even go so far as to show chimps dressed in human clothing and wearing a cowboy hat. Apparently, I expected them to look into animal records. I wanted to learn how animals are emotionally in their own languages. But instead, scientists are still falling on pedantic, anthropomorphic observations and assumptions. Add a potent soundtrack and chimp images "Celebrate Christmas," and it was enough to turn to my belly. But it does not end there. Half of this documentary is filmed not only in wildlife but in laboratories and experimental facilities. All shots of chimpanzee cameramen are over steel bars and we see how these monkeys are crowded in sterile concrete cages. One particularly exhausting moment is at the beginning (though you need to realize it quickly) where the drunken monkey says in sign language: "Come on, hurry." <br /> <br /> There are insignificant references to "stress tests" and psychological experiments that I am worried about. Baby monkeys are separated from their mothers' births and given the wires to prove that the girl's monkey longs for "mother". And after 40 years of experimentation, homosexual scientists on their backs get to achieve their brilliant conclusion: monkeys have emotions. One chimpanzee called "Washoe" has been in a specific cage since 1966 for this purpose, and remains to this day. We get a short look (again over the bars) as it rests on a concrete wall with a rather faint expression. Personally, I do not need to see more experimental data. Washoe, I apologize for our whole kind.
