One night, on the cable channel, I taught this thing a few minutes after the credits started, so I did not know who did it at first. The longer I saw, the more I began to think, "Jesus, this seems like a stupid thing by Albert Pyun." It was not entirely certain, however, for two main reasons: the photo was quite good (and the landscape of Utah was beautiful), and Scott Paulin was strangely presented as Simon, a murderous cyborg, but with a certain style and sense of humor. Paulin had to drop the many clever disposable shots he fired because Albert Pyun did not write in his career, either remotely humorous or coherent. Unfortunately, Paulin does not have enough time to go away, and the film is even worse for him. Lance Henriksen, who plays the cyborg of the evil head, is entangled with his role as well as many other similar films. I do not know what the hell Kris Kristofferson is doing in this matter; he might want to see what a desert pilgrim's look like, and pay for it. He goes through a movie that looks (and sounds) as if awakening and actually spent most of the last half of the movie on his tent back. Kathy Long, a nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fights extremely well, has a great body and does not have a yoke of acting talent, but it does not have that in the movie. This is the Albert Pyun movie, full of trademarks we all knew and loved: unpleasant and idiotic dialogues, torn edits, and the impression that they had lost a disc in the middle of the picture and attacked: "Ah no one will ever notice it." As bad as this movie but that is the shade over most of Pyun's other efforts - that's "Citizen Kane" compared to his brain-dampening "adrenaline: Feel the Rush", for example. Fighting is well done if it is repeated (after defeating eight or nine boys in succession, you will find that you say, "Well, go for something else") and Long is very athletic (and as a previous poster he has a great cut ). It's not a movie that could be some fantasy, but it's nowhere near as incoherent and incompetent as Pyva's usual extravagance. You could make it worse than this movie - nothing worse, done, but worse.
