They meet in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborg leadership by military commander Job re-assemble the human population. They basically keep them as farm animals because they need fresh human blood to live. Nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a baby, and years passed when she faced the cyborg, but this time she was rescued by a cyborg Gabriela that was created to destroy all the cyborgs. Job and his men are on their way to capturing a very populated city, while Nea (with revenge in mind) asks Gabriela to train in the way of killing cyborg and she gets him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> A cheap cyborg / post-apocalyptic trip with a low-rent writer / director Albert Pyun (who previously produced the Cyborg and Nemsis in the same year) is a rather bad piece of junk with some interesting news. A very small structure gets into a leaky story because the turgid script is weak, annoying and overvalued. Lead Scam attempts to be humorous, but to a great extent smells and finds it uncomfortable moments comical. Most ongoing events are pretty insignificant and routine. The material could use a different pillow because it was an inspired idea absorbed by mild inclusions, a lack of narrative, and almost a joking tone. The open end, the conclusion of the cliffhanger is simply sudden, especially because there is still a need to continue. It looks like it runs out of money and says, "The time we were going to wrap is another day (or maybe another decade), but it seemed to be somewhat divergent, mainly due to the fast pace, the good fight and George Mooradian's Slide Cinematography, which captivated the visually-arresting background, Kris Kristofferson is a dry and steel persona working perfectly, as Gabriel and confident, mentally capable Kathy Long pulls stunts professionally and aggressively, but her acting is too wooden. Henriksen has a harsh idea of ​​pure ham, like the dirty leader of Cyborg Job, who is constantly disintegrating in saliva.Potton also enjoys a lot of fun as one of the cyborg and Gary Daniels.Pyun strikes some exciting martial arts items that include some lush energy and unreasonable Sleeping in the background is burning, and The special effects and make-up of the FX are fine enough to be traceable but not quite successful and its minimal constraints may be the cause of it.
