There are two groups of people ... those who love every Fellini movie they see and normal people. I admit that I really enjoyed some of his films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just a reaction to my knees - I've seen most of Fellini's films and I have seen many films of the world's most famous directors. In view of this, I feel that the most overrated and unpleasant directors can be both Godard and Fellini. Both are delighted by the bizarre and often incoherent, yet they have received a number of awards from Reviewers and "Intelligence," while the average person will never sit in some of their films. Damn, even a person who loves international cinematography, would mostly be omitted in a cold environment when he saw some of these films. Because only a small handle actually watches their movies and is already destined to see directors as geniuses, it's no wonder their films are so praised so often - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about many Godard movies like FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE ... or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET OF SPIRITS? These films are full of boredom, strangeness and incomprehension. Now I'm not saying that the movie can not be weird (after all I like KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER) but it must be observable! <br /> <br /> Now for this movie. Somehow, Fellini managed to tell the story of a sexually compulsive person totally boring and awkward. It is not a small task - it took a lot of work to make it inconsistent. Instead of cheap sexual arousal, sexual acts are choreographed stupidly and poignantly, while Casanova's character is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know some of it had to be Fellini's intention, but many audiences will be totally bored with this sterile performance - especially because Sutherland's lines are poorly dubbed in Italian, so he does not even look like it himself! Unfortunately, when the film is not packed in these boring sexual escapades, there really is nothing else you could watch. An interesting note about the first sex drive that appeared in this boring film is that the actress looks amazing as the younger version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Masina. Considering that, in addition to the fact that in the past decades Fellini Car played characters such as a prostitute and a severely abused woman, it seems that he really hated his wife and that this was on the screen. I read a little about them and their stormy relationship, and it seems that it also carries it. This is the only aspect of this turgid movie that I've been interesting at all. Do not say I warned you!
