I'm usually a fan of Spike Lee. It takes some time for you to really get into his "mojo," but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is close to his heart, Lee is brilliant. Unlike the 25th hour or Bamboozled (two of my favorite films), there was no clear story in this movie. I was able to understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some special reason, Lee was never able to get a real feel. Washington has done a decent job with what was passed on to him, but you could have said it was not Lee's favorite movie. Not only did Lee manage this movie, he also wrote. It could be said. Working with the camera was terrible, and writing just contributed to the film's decay. This movie was approaching and it was not nice. Lee was not 100% behind this film for being the right thing to do. Of all the movies I saw directly from Lee, it was the brightest and the weakest of my films. It was almost as if he had created a Hollywood film instead of his own. I do not know if he saw the money from the real age and ran with him, or what? but this film did not prove its true talent. For somebody who saw this movie and probably stopped watching something that director Spike Lee subsequently suggested for this film, I suggest you make him a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you come from with this movie and why you want to give it to you but Lee is growing up. His work becomes more of his own and you can see the transformation of the desire to make money simply just wanting to make good movies. It took me a while to watch the 25th hour, but when I did it, it was absolutely brilliant. Perhaps they were actors, perhaps a story, but Lee created a wonderful film from one man's path to the unknown. I think that's what I hoped Mo'Belter Blues would prove to be. This really dark journey into the life of a person who never really grew up, but instead I got Denzel, who is Denzel. He is truly one of the most versatile actors of this generation and I consider him a cinematographer Sydney Poitier, but this was not a film that would show his talent. Another problem I had with this film was the use of Spike's sister playing one of love. I do not know about you and your family, but I do not think I could make a sex scene with my sister. I do not care who is an actor or how much money I get, I would never do it. It's just something I would never want to see, but it seems like Spike is different. He went on and showed his nurse's full boredom without any reproach. It was sad and even blushed me. I also need someone to answer it. What does Flavor Flav do with this film? So I'm sitting on the couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly a voice from the past explains the studio that made the film and then recognizes itself. It did not make the strong remaining stories. Again, I felt that Lee, instead of real talent, would make money for this film. Maybe it is how Denzel and Wesley could afford in the same movie without explosions. There were two great scenes in this movie that stood for the end to be watched. Do not get me wrong, it was a very bad movie, but there's always a diamond in every alley. The scene where Bleek accidentally forgets a woman is fascinating. He constantly moved back and forth, weaving the truth into confusion in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in revaluation due to the remaining bad scenes. The second scene she was about to watch was the way Lee introduced and ended the movie. By keeping the same stimulus and direction, he was able to bring this tragic figure around the whole circle and give him a chance to change his life. In addition to these two moments, the rest of the film was clean waste, not worth seeing unless you are blind. <br /> <br /> Stage: ** from *****
