Things are starting to dampen early and often in that in this mawkish jazz biofiction written and directed by Spike Lee. Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a happening jazz trumpeter that quintet queues wrap them into Underdog. His problems include an inexperienced manager, a saxist, and two girlfriends playing a mattress. The true love of his life is his trumpet and his music. Giant's manager has a dangerous gambling problem and proves he's an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would be best removed, but Bleek remains faithful for as long as possible. He succeeds in abducting as an artist, but ironically contributes to his growth as a human being. Like Bleek, Denzell Washington is all bad as an ambitious trumpet with babe on each hand. He is too sweet to be so focused on his art, to give patience and love to those close to her with a low distance. He just misses fire. Wesley Snipes, who plays Henderson's saxophonist, would be much more suited to this role, but even he would have to drop out of the wicked scribblings of Lee's awful dialogue. As Giant Lee strikes a trifectu with incredible performance to match his writing and direction. He is restlessly trying to mirror the gruesome but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo to Blek Joe Buck, to accept the guy and even the Midnight Cowboy. In this case, you want the taxi to run and end up with him. Lee's script is all a harsh argument, heavy hands, ribbing, and a covert insult with some of the necessary clumsy editorialization that Lee must inject to stay down. Scenes between behind-the-scenes and test-band members are lacking in sparkle and are just surprised by the blues, giant conversations that have a good look and go in circles. The finish of this travesty is Lee's demanding visual style. Watching, enlarging, and breaking are lost and meaningless for scenes. They just wander. Blues is Lee's Love Letter to Jazz (written in memorabilia grooves that have been squeezed all over the set) and it's all a sentimental lapel that lacks passion and faith. Jazz on the film is better to serve Tavernier "Round Midnight" and Eastwood's "Bird" that will come under the surface, reveal more sides of the form, pain behind it and offer infinitely better lead performance Forrest Whitaker and Dexter Gordon's real deal. This Spike Lee Joint does not even offer a slight buzzing. It's a bit nasty home.
