Allegations of aggravated sexual attacks, along with some other unpleasant mischiefs, including the misuse of a broom, are made against about half a dozen of the most popular pupils at Glen Ridge High School in New Jersey, a "slightly retarded" student (Heather Matarazzo). Investigation and case construction are handed over to DA, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz are entrusted. The case story spreads across Glen Ridge, a middle-class district where the balls are admired by everyone in the community. (One of their fathers is the lieutenant of the police.) Nobody believes Matarazzo. "Our boys would never hold such a bitch to the basement, rape her, and do not commit such a sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to create a sufficiently convincing case that they can bring the jockeys to court. Matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. Desperately desires love and friendship, and it makes it easier for friends to mess with false statements. The slim reporter says, "You can trust me," but it turned out that reporters can not be trusted. Another student, a very popular girl at school, pulls Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretends to be her friend, but as long as she asks her front questions about the incident - and records the results! As a result, watching this story unfold is like being on a roller coaster. First, it looks like a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, hello, the community organizes against the law. Then it looks good again. But the reporter will hit. Then this obstacle fails to overcome before Linda Tripp tries her big nose to investigate and publishes tapes that seem to indicate that Matarazzo lies. (Well, she was lying - but she lied to her investigator to please her.) Then it was overcome, but Matarazzo opposed the fact that he did not want to be characterized as "retarded". Eric Stoltz is in the prosecutor's office okay. I say it for the simple reason that we lived with Pago Pag together with the same time. (I hope it was not the kid I had in the club of the seaside club.) If it were, I would take my compliment.) Ally Sheedy is a weird actress and hard to characterize. She did a wonderful self-fulfilling work in "fine arts", but I did not feel any special effort to get into this role, which was more formal. I think neither she, nor Stoltz or anyone else could imagine a bravado performance about what is basically the story of a comic book. The producer and director had the point to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of the victim. The worst thing they could do was throwing a gently beautiful, non-intensive blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, without being ugly, looks a little simple and this standard quality is supplemented by care and make-up. Even the writers did not make it up. He has temperament and is sometimes irritable to listen, which is all for the good. <br /> <br /> Matarazzo is the character that is the best in the movie. Riders are stereotypes. Pure evil. They think they are above the law, they're on a pretty girl party in eastern Orange, and also in a place that's far worse than the orgy of La Dolce Vita, and they leave without explanation or excuse. They deserve to get it in the throat - and they do it. I mentioned this as a story of comics, and that is quite what it is. It does not question any of our prejudices. It reaffirms the conviction that the world can be divided into Good and Evil. And we have no doubts about who is who. I'm waiting for it - not really, it's just a rhetoric - it's a movie almost like this and a dozen others, but in which LYING is the victim to get her name and photograph in the papers and gather all the compassionate chips from people who are right, like the rest of us. The film is based on a true story, as well as so many others we have seen and even more fictional features. (Eg "Accused"). Some are good, some are strictly routine. Good. Pretty fair. Now, when we look at Tawana Brawley's film, in which a teenage girl disappeared for a few days of pleasure, her friends stripped her of her, joined her and shattered her with dirt, claiming she had been kidnapped and raped by the police? Now it would be a challenge that it simply is not.
