Like Dan, I'm proud of a bunch of good Danish films that have been made in recent years. However, it is a pity that this increase in quality has caused most Danish film critics to lose their sense of criticism. In fact, it's so bad that I do not believe any reviews of Danish movies anymore, and as a result I stopped watching them in theaters. I know that it is bad to keep this unfortunate development against any one film, so let me stress that "Villa Paranoia" would under no circumstances be a terrible movie. The fact that the critics encouraged him gave me the fuel to the fires of the disillusionment of the Danish film. Besides, it was awaited when it came out on the DVD, very little helped against the unshakable feeling of spending time and money unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> Erik Clausen is the perfect director who has a setting for social realism in Copenhagen. I really liked "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor he is usually entertaining, although he usually plays the same role in all his films, in the words of the working class who are in his fortune, partly because he is slobber, but mainly because of society and who redeems by doing something good for your community. <br /> <br /> This is the number one problem in "Villa Paranoia"; Clausen throws himself like a chicken farmer, which is a break from the norm that he never can be trusted. <br /> <br /> But it's much worse that the movie has to make twists and turns and break all the rules to tell the story so the audience can see what's going on. For example, the film opens with a very sad attempt to visualize the experience of the main man with near death by using a low-budget effect and poor camera work. Then the character tells his best friend that suddenly she felt the urge to drop off the bridge. This is the symptom of the whole movie; there is little or no motivation to act of character, and Clausen resorts to the lowest form of communication, no matter what motivation: Say instead of showing up. So at one point you have a character who speaks aloud to the allegedly catatonic person about the way he feels because the script does not allow him to develop his feelings; and then suddenly presented a voice, just like a possible idea to send out feelings that would otherwise be left to the audience because of the director's indecency. Fortunately, you are about an hour at this moment than you cared about any of the characters, let alone the so-called story. The actor, who has often been a problem in Clausen's films, can be summed up in one sad statement: Søren Westerberg Bentsen, whose only other claim to the star was as a Big Brother competitor, is not worse than several re-cast actors. I give it 2-out-of-10 ratings.
