Six GIs, who are about to send home and released, sip and sneak into a cultural meeting in Asia. Surrounded by hooded figures, two male dancers pretend to fight. Behind them a wicker basket opens and a painted figure appears and begins to imitate the snake and eventually biting one of the dancers to the neck. Snake imitation is dressed in some big looking body stockings. (It is definitely a female imitation of a snake.) The cult member who sneaked them into a secret meeting warned six men repeatedly that the ceremony should not be interrupted and definitely no photos would be taken otherwise they would not be hunted down and killed. Of course, GI took a flash shot, sent cultural members to angry hysteria, stole a basket containing a "snake", and fled with him to an Asian night. One of the boys, the most insulting and cruel, dies of cobra on a bite, though no one can explain how the snake got into the hospital room. In New York, it looks more like old news, men have settled in their civil lives and still keep in touch with each other. Their vocation ranges from the manager of the bowling track (David Janssen) to the graduate student (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a beautiful blonde girlfriend. Kelly is somewhat reckless puppy. But they all get pretty good and everyone looks happy. Then a dark, fearsome, mysterious woman (Faith Domergue) appears and Marshall Thompson likes her and suggests her band. <br /> <br /> Guess what happens. The first Janssen is horrified by the shadow in the back seat and dies in a car crash. Kelly then visits Domergue. Something frightens him so badly that he slips through the window and dies in the autumn on the sidewalk. Long and Dobson are beginning to doubt what the audience already knows that Domergue has something to do with death. They also think they might change to cobra, which is the case. Dobson confronts her with his suspicions and she proves its meaning. By this time, Long and Thompson have been distracted, especially Thompson, who is in love with Domergue, and found himself attracted to him, even though he must explain what love is. It does not matter. The last ruthless assault of a woman from a cobra against a friend of Long's girlfriend - not six original offenders - and Thompson must take the snake out of the window. On the sidewalk below, the body turns to Domergue. End. <br /> <br /> I think I'll skip most of the questions the conspiracy raises. Just mention one of those more prosaic. Who paid the Domergue fare for somewhere in Asia to New York? Who pays their hotel bills? Who paid for her magnificent wardrobe? Why does she speak so well with American English? What the hell is going on? Writers and directors have clearly seen some of Val Lewton's weakest horror films, and even though they have not made too much effort in this production, Lewton has taken care of some tricks. For example, in Lewton's "People of the Cat", the woman turns into a black leopard, but with one small exception, the threat is always kept in the shade and is even more scary for her. Most transformations also use shadows here, but unlike Lewton's shadows, shadows are clumsy and unmistakable. Lewton also occasionally used what he called "buses". Lewton's first "bus" was literal. A potential victim dives himself into the dark tunnels in Central Park with a single sound of footsteps. Something or someone is following her. She froze with fear under the street lamp. Something dirty branches of bushes above her. Looks upwards. There is a loud, harsh cry that causes your hair to stand at the end. It's a bus that used the air brakes to stop it. The producers used at least two "buses" in this film and did not achieve anything. The guy, for example, breaks across the junction and there is a sudden sound of a truck that almost strikes him. Shot not set. It's a ratchet jam. <br /> <br /> I do not have much care for movies that keep stereotype snakes as slim, ugly, poisonous and phallic. In fact, no snakes are slimy, most are harmless and many are exceptionally beautiful. They are more feminine than masculine in their furious movements and serpentine approach to goals. Do you want a crawling symbol for masculinity? Try racerunner with six rows. It's a really fast lizard. When he sees something to eat, he hurries and throws it. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you want to see some fine, low-budget scary movies, do not worry about this. Find "Cats" or one of the other small workshops of Lewton, of which it's an obvious copy.
