The Cobra Cult is now available on DVD in untouched print that makes full justice to what it deserves as a movie. Unfortunately, it's not too much. <br /> <br /> He has the competent second-degree occupation, which is liberated, just as one might expect under the circumstances. It is effectively focused, exclusively on sound scenes and standing sets for the studio. Looks fine, but it's somewhat crowded, and it's still heavy stuffed in just 80 minutes. For example, a two-volume assault on the first of the GI was certainly too much to attack. <br /> <br /> Trading that Julia decided to take Pete rather than Tom does not mean anything. Tom immediately falls in love with Lisa and she never has a reason to jeal Julia (or her). Julie's "female intuition" is introduced as if it led to an important conspiracy development, but not. Pete's investigation of Cobran cults, and the suspicion that they will shortly fall on Tom, do not serve any purpose other than filling the time on the screen. These are just symptoms of the underlying problem. The film is structured as a secret, but it is not. Once the curse is pronounced, we know exactly where the story is, so the characters are left carefully revealed what we already know. The end is particularly feeble. Julia is at risk by chance. Lisa has no reason to want to kill her - she just happens to be in the wrong place in the wrong place. When Tom appeared when he rescued her, it was not clear whether she was at all at risk. He then simply removes the cobras in a way that some of the previous victims could do. It's such an indispensable little song of the story that I found to be interested in how the ground was built on studio heads. Then I thought. Someone said: "Those movies from Val Lewton were very successful at RKO, so why not do that?" The Cobra Cult is clearly modeled on Cat People: a mysterious woman with a focus on shape, falls in love with a hero, is obviously cold, kills people, raises suspicion of a hero's girlfriend, and dies at the end. But "modeled" does not mean "as good as" - with great reserve. Copies but does not understand what he is copying. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that he is trying for a low key, a suggestive style of Lewton, but this approach is not followed in the story. Lisa is not Irene. It was supposed to be strange and mysterious, but there was no secret about it. After the first assault in Asia, we look at her and we immediately know her when she appears in New York. No one doubts its purpose. There is no ambiguity about whether or not it actually becomes a snake. <br /> <br /> Then again, during her night walk, we will not succeed, but two attempts on 'buses'. Do not get out because the director does not understand what a "bus" does and in any case has become a stalker, not a person who has been tracked. These faint echoes of cats give the Cobra cult any little difference that it might have but only draw attention to the yawn between the original and the imitation. Plagiarism can be an honest form of flattery, but I doubt that Lewton or Tourneur were especially flattering when this tepid little passage came out.
