I've been using IMDb for years, and I've never wanted to get involved in movie commentaries until now. This document has so many problems that we barely know what to say. I am not a Muslim, nor I am an expert in Islamic studies, but I know that it is enough to illuminate a clear unilateral view of the fact that this document is predominant. <br /> <br /> Problems with this movie begin with a document. Most of the documents I've seen docked around several valid points and then surrounded these points with questionable interpretations and misinformation. This is certainly in the case of Islam: what the West needs to know. Yes, there are fundamentalists around the world and some of them Muslims, but building a document about all Islam around a small percentage of radicalized people is incredibly misleading. It is a documentary about the fundamentalist aspects of Islam and nothing more. For those who would like to objectively explore some of the questions raised in this document, there are several points that can help. <br /> <br /> There was nothing positive about Islam about the document. The document focuses on the Middle East, but more Muslims live outside of the region. More Muslims live in China, believe it or not, than in Saudi Arabia. About 40% of all Muslims live in Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, and Indonesia. The Koran translation used in the document is questionable. I was looking at the document and watched another translation and the differences were noticeable. I have been alerted to the translation that was used in the document and now I know why. Surrah 98: 6 is a good example. The documentary documents that Surrah says the unbelievers will go to hell. The translation, which I read, is: "Those who reject the truth among the people of the book and among the polytheists will be in hell." The difference lies in the fact that those who reject the truth are those who know about God and the truth of God and have decided to reject it. <br /> <br /> The film said there is no morality inherent in Islam, but that's not true. While it is true that many come from the Quran and the Hadith, Islam also recognizes a concept called "Urf or" normative behavior. "Of course, what is normative can be interpreted in many ways, but" Urf wants them to be "good" behaviors that an average person considers to be right or wrong. The document documents Shar'ia (Islamic law) as one unified knowledge body, followed by all Muslims. It's just not true. There are many Islamic law schools ranging from progressive and modernist to fundamentalist in the way they interpret law. <br /> <br /> The Hadid tradition is similar. There are thousands of Hadith and every law school accepts some and rejects others. Using the Hadith without a serious scholarship to determine which of them are accurate, realistic and usable, selects and selects quotes from history that match what you want to say? which is what the document did. What I hope people realize is that fundamentalism is a problem, not Islam or any other religion. Christianity has fundamentalists who shoot medical abortion clinics and so on. I know it's not the same as a suicide bomber, just understand that the fairness of fundamentalism is probably a problem. If you feel that you have the answer, then everyone else must be wrong. However, if you feel that you have an AN response, you can work with the opinions of other people in the field, religion, God or anything else.
