Despite the seriousness of this subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make the film white superiority, the intolerance of its main character, Bronson Green, the ambitious actor from New York easily changed the fake name, makes it hard to take the story seriously. Green, which Los Angeles rejects as obsolete (ie, Too New York, when looking for big, blond and silly in the 1980s), finds out that success comes easily when it is willing to subordinate the falsification of its image. Unfortunately, a new hair dye and a soothing 'surfer' approach give him an opportunity to play with the Jericho Church, who is accustomed to the white racial education of the Aryan nation. Green is willing to easily forget her past and especially turned her back to a young black friend for ten years to become a new speaker of the Church. It makes no sense to see how our figure is principally at first. It's a sudden and free change of character, coupled with a sudden change back to the hardened, DeNiro-obsessed (like his Taxi Driver character), who is able to fight the villains. A noble attempt at a filmmaker, but one that will eventually reveal itself as something other than serious. The other characters are quite unpleasant and what we are forced to recognize is too easy - the psychopathic paranoia of the church leader, the girlfriend of the actress with her interest (Bronson's first girlfriend when she's in LA) and the new blond girlfriend whose character lacks so much development, is mostly just walking, talking void. We need to see them only in the volatile moments when something accidentally attracts us to portray the assumptions about the characters. But there is really little development. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this movie is an unhealthy amount of time when characters are involved in very few important events. Much of the beginning is about the introduction of characters, of course, and later we see Bronson's difficulty in penetrating L.A. and the frustrations that come from constant rejection. But after he has willingly changed his appearance and personality to be accepted, there is at least twenty minutes to thirty minutes of an unnecessary movie in which little is happening. For movies they seek to highlight the irrational fears of racism, it was not enough credibility.
