Before I start, let me say that my experience with this film could be influenced by the dubbing I've collected from other commentaries was original that some consider inferior. So it's entirely possible that the subtitles or probably the new version of the DVD will make a difference. I have also not read the book; I'm only familiar with other Japanese mange and maybe the cultural context is missing. Potential smaller spoilers forward. I usually like dark-colored sci-fi stories (like Blade Runner, 12 monkeys, etc.). But I did not like the movie at all. While it began to be slightly interesting, it was boring when it was only half finished. There are a variety of problems; we start with what is most serious: dialogue. It seems that characters can not formulate complete sentences; if nobody calls names, they are mostly miserable monosyllables ("Kanedaaa!", "Tetsuoooo!", "Huh?", "Grrr", etc.). This leaves most of the characters totally underdeveloped and two-dimensional. This will not help in the least that many of them will only get a few minutes of screen time, without it being interesting to say that they would evolve them away from stereotypes designed by the visuals. <br /> <br /> Grunting is complemented by a random pseudo-philosophical technobabble that sounds vague and uninformed by Star Trek standards as well. There is nothing deep and meaningful - everything seems random, gathered randomly from different pieces and pieces of scientific science fiction ideas without any coherence at all. What little exists from a comprehensible conspiracy is just a justification for starting an excessive final sequence, which consists of escalating scenes of horror and destruction. Not that there is something wrong with nice trouble and destruction, of course; but in that case you will find that you have asked "what is it all and how long it will end"? The evolution of the character in the last 30 minutes consists of a little more than Tetsuo changes to Pizza Hutt for no clear reason. The ending resembles that of 2001 - the bizarre chain of images that far from resolving or explaining anything, lets the viewer feel that he is looking at the kaleidoscope for two hours. I'm sure some will say that such a thing is art; but for me it was just a lot of imaginative use of colors and shapes. (Some music was also quite interesting). Unfortunately, it is all style and no substance. <br /> <br /> Tired of Disney? Do you want to watch animated movies that intelligently deal with "adult"? I find it sad to say that it is likely that we find such things in the "South Park".
