Wow, I can not believe people think this movie is "good". Now I've seen a lot worse, but there's a lot more romantic / fun comedies with John Cusack. <br /> <br /> The best is the average movie. While the acting was not terrible, but not great, there was little passion for romantic comedy, little romance. There were many free ends that do not appear or are not solved. Unfortunately, the main characters look like a complete coward. They do not know well enough to realize that they do not like the people they are dealing with. How do we know they are not in love? Through a total lack of reproach, both characters feel that they are leaving their finances. I can think of a few things that are romantic than about a constant escape from the commitment that these two show. The film does not end with a wedding scene, more than likely that both get cold feet, other than hot potatoes, as soon as the commitment comes. This film is really about two people who can not do anything, unlike the previous Cusack characters who were more than willing to be deeply committed (Loyd in Say Anything, Martin in Grosse Pointe Blank, etc.). <br /> <br /> The biggest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twists or interest. When the film ended, I felt he could not incorporate the culmination of a story that basically fits into the movie: boring. No tension about whether they both end up together, no joy when they do, no consequences for their actions. It is sad that people are so blind to the damnation of this film that they simply crack down on any criticism of "Everyone is too cynical!" Criticism of this film is not cynicism, simply an objective study. There are many other better romantic comedies, even those with Grace Kelly or Eve Marie Saint. If you think this movie is great, try these movies, your heart explodes: Princess Bride, say anything, Grosse Pointe Blank, High Fidelity, Keeping Belief, Charade, Rear Window, North of Northwest, or Something about Mary exploration of idealized romance versus today's society).
