Indeed, the 80s began the trend of disgusting violence of camouflage as a "horror film". I was the target audience for this repellent piece of waste and I was disgusted as now. Oh, where do we start from? Let's look at the setting: You can bring people back to life if they died of violent death. So this ridiculously weak assumption is the excuse that people are frightened in terrible ways because they need to bring them back to life! It could have worked if they were playing over the top for black laughter and la re-animator or something. But no, it's playing straight. There is a whole frightened family in a chase car, which is one of the few scenes, at least where their disappearance is out of the screen. But almost everything else is on the screen. There is actually a scene where a young girl who walks alongside is beaten and killed by zombie urban people who are all filming her and smiling with several cameras. Then face face-to-face, because the creators of love-and time-consuming - reveal in a time-lapse photograph her beaten face, which is carved into the skull and rebuilt to look "normal" again. This, of course, caused Jack Albertson, who is like a Mason, behind him. He likes driving in an ambulance / trunk playing old melody Tommy Dorcey, I think it's supposed to be cute. Eventually, of course, the sheriff is undead and the doctor offers kindly to repair his shaking hands. It is unclear why the sheriff is not killing the kids with joy and slicing their faces with the other inhabitants of the city, sticking the needle into the eyes of the burning victims, etc. I wonder if I really wonder what people see like a geek show like that gives any rating at all. It's not scary, twisting is ridiculous, and overall it's a little bad. It's not even well prepared to "see it courageously" or you can watch the bad film HG Lewis at the level. It's just a scary waste that's destined for people who get to such a nonsense gore and who want to collapse on paycheck. <br /> <br /> Sad that Albertson has even joined.
