I'm probably going to be lucky to hate this movie - I guess I have not touched him with the proper nostalgia of the generation before me. But just say St Elm's fire was pretty crazy, no matter how crazy, even when it comes to Brat Pack movies. Here is another beautiful example of a nagging nausea, which is all 80s (RENT, anyone?) This land is practically non-existent and philosophy is at best the flowers are poorly delivered for the rest of the time. A complete lack of similar sympathetic characters will not help the situation. In fact, there was no growth, no movement at all. Even the supreme suicide scene was effectively bruised by refusing to let death or something reminiscent of reality or adult life come in. Each shape of a cookie piece is just about to hate it in the finest, most predictable as possible. Stalker is horrible for no other obvious reason than Stalker and Andie MacDowell are gorgeous. Jackass does everything in his power to keep you constantly reminding you he is, hell. Beautiful Slut hiding a really soulful, deep pain with a wild life. The poet of mood and mops around 3/4 of the film until he can reveal (!) That he is really full of teddy bears and sun and rainbows. The virgin eventually becomes a whole, happy human being after having given each Virgo her desire for one hot role in a jackass bag before kicking her up to actually change (actually this time). A cheating bastard cheats until there is time to be caught. Finally, the Feminist walks around to dress the holy water for every soul that makes a "commitment." Who brings me to my ultimate beef good - what super-cement bond holds these people together as friends? I can not imagine I was just one of them - now imagine the whirlpool created by narcissism being concentrated in one bar. And they were all so terrible to each other - heads in the toilets, near rape and sleeping with everrrryon. The cherry was after two ostrich cotton that after the collapse of the feminist they behaved like all baboons, it is like: "umm, I really do not want to be with you or with you friends, the day if I knew I could join in one place to one or the other, but none of you satisfies the obligations (NOT THEN THE WORD!). "And everyone smiles as if they say," Golly gee, I never thought about it, what a great idea! " It's not just that. Some way of watching this movie is not.
