What happened when shooting this movie to end up as a total disorder? One year after "The Breakfast Club," a brilliant film with many of the same actors as "St. Elmo's Fire" (which incidentally looked and acted in the latter more like they were still poor schools from the former but without grasping or discipline when displaying their roles . <br /> <br /> It was directing or writing. Since it was the same person (Joel Schumacher), it must be both, but then Schumacher gave us "Phantom of the Opera", "Phone Booth" "Time To Kill" and two Batman movies, "Batman and Robin" and "Batman Forever," ranging from good to great, has no genius, no comedy behind, and is far from the mark, For example: Wendy's character (rich little girl with a heart to do good and helps less luck by Mare Winningham) reveals Billy (the dishonest slob, cheating on his wife and girlfriend, drinking too much ucha and no sense for order in sv Rob Lowe was well-liked), that she is still a virgin. Billy really sees the challenge and possible conquest, but Wendy "is not ready". Wendy, in fact not so ready, it's hard to believe he's in this crap of friends. Later in the story, when Billy, whose wife left him, took her child and married another, somehow got some of his strings. Billy leaves for New York, leaves and leaves all parental responsibility for her daughter, convinces Wendy that her virginity will be a perfect "departure" for him. And Wendy, who works as a social worker and helps farewell families, does not seem to be despot at all. Give me a break. The only thing he can only give once gives the loser who leaves his family and friends? Schumacher frames this scene as an amazing and touching moment. There are many other examples where there is a complete disconnection between what is real and valuable that are toss overboard and make them look like a virtue. </ b> <br /> I think some may say that "it was the 1980's", but I remember that it was in the 80s that men became responsible for the children who were born, whether in the marriage or out. /> <br /> <br /> I think this movie is so bad because it is so disagreeing with what is really valuable and right. As for the technique (not the story), it was terrible because of the good. It is separated and felt like a 3 hour film that has been modified for 1 hour and 40 minutes. Transitions and jumps in time just do not make sense. Lift up what's on the floor of the editing room, put it back, and the movie would probably go much better ... but it's still a terrible movie. Maybe Schumacher has become a better and stronger director since 1986 (he must have been) or maybe he was overhead when he came to write a screenplay for St. Elma's fire or perhaps this group of actors took over the set and went his own way - that's what really I think it happened.
