This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not see this movie, but if you insist on losing your time, you should stop here, there are SPOILS. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brothers and sisters; living together in the eyes of everyone else like a man and a woman. No sex, but everything else. Soon the film begins with his theme: "The most absurd thing at the most absurd moment, with the guess that it's the most absurd reaction." Gray and Sam decided to look at the dog park with a borrowed drinker. Rather, push his brother to get the skinny skin of the first woman he sees behind him, he does it, and gets frightening questions. When he tells his brother to come, he will begin a 3-way term. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl of their dreams, just like all the right things, etc.? Finally, Sam will hit Gray over his head and the couple will finish the date with the marriage proposal! Charlie accepts it! In one week Charlie, Gray and Sam will be in Vegas. The next week, Charlie and Gray will go shopping for a wedding dress (apparently Charlie has a figure off the stand). Gray plunges on the ice latte when Charlie suggests that Gray tries a dress and chooses a $ 10,000 chance for her. While Charlie is zipping in this "down-to-house-dress" dress Gray continues slurp on latte (I swear it was like a power bag). What should happen, but "woops!" through all the dresses. They can never explain how they got out of the Bloomingdale Wedding Salon without a wet $ 10,000 canache. Back to reality '?? Caesar's Las Vegas Palace. Do they have a "high roller room" (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an internologist - did they get all the money?) Gray kicks Sam into a room along the corridor to help Charlie have the pain of drinking-a-thon, you guessed it - kisses . Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers it. They do it in the wedding chapel and on the right when the venerable gets into their line "If anyone here has any objection to the connection of these two turtles", Gray gets a hiccup. Gray is justifiable, for some reason, the Reverend must repeat the last line and again the queue again "hiccup". Gray returns to NY and begins to walk with any man he meets, literally. And, of course, you guessed it again! Gay. The other is a blockbuster and the third is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) called Gordy. She's hitting Gray, but feelings are not returned. They become great friends. That's good, because when he comes with Sam for a clean kiss. She blows up and kicks her out of her apartment. When Sam gets into his senses, he goes to the office. Gray works in an advertising agency. This office is thawed in the middle of the area at dusk. It has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that are broadcast by all the computer monitor in the agency. Gray gets Gray in one of the conference rooms for a private conversation and eventually takes her to the office. This is where I doubt the crew is gay or lesbian: Gordy comes to rescue her and persuades her to go to the lesbian bar. "I apologize for no man," says the bouncer. Gray and Gordy return with Gordy. Drag the wrong way. He was in a black satin blouse, a chain of pearls, and a grandmother a church hat. No lesbian would ever have the confusion of this "man in the dress" as the dear queen of much less women. The bar was also a fantasy of what a lesbian bar: full of Victoria's Secret models. Everything turns out to be perfect? she went home with her company's client. Gray happens to be in the women's account and eventually likes it. For some reason, nobody tells Charlie anything, and she does not notice the entire movie of this kiss with Gray, but that's for the sequel.
