Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are devoted siblings who share the apartment and love of many things - the ballroom, movie musicals from the 1940s and the very surprising wife of Charlie (Bridget Moynahan). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused with her new feelings. Gray matters turned out to be one of the youngest movies I've ever seen. It's boring, predictable, unfortunate, badly committed, and badly written. None of that was real, and everything was very salty. It's not really a romantic comedy with a special twist, but rather a movie "coming out". Sue Kramer tried to make the first half of her cute with a romantic thing and the other half seriously with real admission and performance. Unfortunately, she failed unhappily. The first half was largely unfortunate, and only Heather Graham was able to endure it a bit. Then the film took a blatant tone and got it all seriously. Serious scenes were treated poorly, and all emotions felt fake. I think I would enjoy the film a bit if the relationship between the characters felt more authentic. The brotherly and sister relationship was very weak and did not seem to be so close. Their relationship did not feel too natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Bridge was very unnatural. If two people are going to get married after they know each other in less than a week, then you'd expect a little more excitement, but the characters talked about getting married in Vegas the same way as asking the waiter what specialties are. There was a lack of excitement in this film, and it was hard to get involved in a movie with such unmotivated characters. The acting was mostly weak, which was a bit surprising given the decent cast. Heather Graham gave the film the only good performance. She was funny and had some pretty scenes, but it's bad that all her stars were complete. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance rang fake at every level. She also seemed to read her lines. Thomas Cavanagh was pretty wooden and showed no emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and damages the film because their relationship felt fake. I can usually rely on Molly Shannon's supportive role, but it was just annoying here. Sissy Spacek had about two scenes and was unpleasant in both of them. Finally, Alan Cumming was embarrassing and his performance was not very good. Overall, the Gray Matters lame movie is not worth it. Rating 3/10
