I had to leave for this film fifteen minutes after the end ... walked through the scene and into a pure boredom. What really frightens me, I think it really worries me, it is that people who refer to this insignificant disgust are "gorgeous" or "must see." I feel deeply sorry for those so affected if it was not for the obvious impression that most of the positive comments on this shallow and humorous travesty were written by industrial plants. The truth is that it is a lame movie that does nothing to entertain or enlighten. It is definitely malfunctioning, poorly sketched and has all the tempo and energy of cold, canned rice pudding. To be kind to Mrs Kramer, it is best to say that it was a missed opportunity because I read the review before I followed her, I was expecting something more challenging. Possible misinterpretations of close brotherly and sister coexistence, the unexpected awakening of "sister" sexuality and the comic potential in such a sister rivalry (for the affection of the same girl) were all apparent objects for refreshing comedic exploration, at every turn the frustrating film reflects from. Instead, the audience is exposed to a meandering series of inappropriate and ill-drawn situations, with clichés of characteristic and boring performances of the cast that fight for the faith and, of course, need a much stricter direction. The lack of management control is overwhelming; on the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek are doing great footage, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - especially the second - return to embarrassing overtime at times. One could blame the director - perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors overlap, they will be more laughing from the audience. But again, he is a veteran; they could be expected to be better. Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully about what movies he wants to do and for whom. In view of the potential problems Gray Matters mentions and due to her inability or reluctance to fully explore it in the context of comedy, she might consider recording drama. I know it's never easy to make movies about women and women, especially when someone hopes to reach out to a wider audience than women themselves, but no matter how it gets, insignificant and fragile characters like Gray do not cut mustard.
