Recapitulation: Dr. Markov has developed a new theory of how to produce energy, knowledge that could balance the world. Keeps his knowledge coded and secret and desperately wants from the Soviet Union. KGB on the other hand desperately wants new technology. So it sets the system in motion. During a rescue attempt to liberate Markov, the KGB enters, takes Markov to a secret place and tempts him to reveal his secret by saying he is in Sweden and working for the United Nations. As a KGB backup, Markov's estranged daughter is oppressed. The CIA is now sending its best agents, the (Swedish) Ninjas team to spoil the KGB and save Mark and his daughter. Comments: A cult movie that, despite not being very good, needs to be seen. The film is quite ambitious, but it is missing in many areas. Firstly, it is very dark, it probably hides places and bad effects that some scenes are hard to understand. You can not see what's going on. The second thing that is missing is martial art, although it is a ninja-movie. Certainly some, relatively poor quality, but mostly ninjas fires of automatic weapons or sets of explosions. Automatic weapons also pose a problem because they seem to have an endless supply of ammunition. And ninas appear to be almost bullet resistant, while Soviet guards die like flies. What does that have to say about it? Thought and ambition most important. Some in fact, and especially for the Swedish film, decent action scenes, though not martial arts. Some pretty slow scenes and lots of blood and gore. And some very interesting new weapon technologies that make victims of heart or brain explode. Mostly all the parts you're looking for in the movie B. <br /> <br /> Because it's definitely B-film, there could be no mistake. But if you expect it and watch it as a B-movie, it's fun. But do not forget, it's not just a B-movie set in the 1980s. For example, some girls, besides being wearing ... say "interesting" garments, have fatal doses of eye shadow and makeup. In all, see cultural status and ambition. Enjoy and forget about it. <br /> <br /> 4/10
