When watching a movie as silly as "Hot Rod", do you have to sit, relax and change your intellectual capacity to a similar state? which is in this case a state that is so dazzling that it will endure a soulless disgust that has somehow changed into comedy. With a short run of 88 minutes, this movie has been exhausted and buried under the joke of repetitive jokes? jokes that came to a minority and were not funny at all. The base material "Hot Rod" is superficial and irrelevant to Napoleon Dynamite in 2004, although it is much better and comes without any laughter. In fact, the film's desperate desperation to be compared to "Napoleon Dynamite," is contemptuous and insulting, letting me tick, rather than just being disturbed. The film, if it was forced to call, is one that represents a miserable storyline that tells stubborn stuntman Rod Kimble, with the little intention of jumping fifteen buses (a little more than his idol Evel Knievel jumped, Rod calls us) and lifting $ 50,000 for his stepfather's half-life; everything to fight his stepfather, once he recovered and gained his respect? because in order to gain respect, it is necessary to fight them first. Huh? It does not matter. Every character is no more interesting than Rod's mustache, and from the first joke of the movie to his ridiculous conclusion, each scene played as meaningless and terribly ineffective SNL skittles? which with the addition of an additional 85 minutes is basically what the "Hot Rod" is trying to do. The star of Andy Samberg's film contributed to the screen, which was observed every day by the drop-drop of his comedic abilities. Unfortunately? rather realistically? his humorous talents are not more admirable than the five-year-old who tells his exhausted joke that some of the innocuous coarse gobs and pee-pee gags also contain. And if it's disappointing, pull out a chair, hide your face in your hand and get ready for a real blow: it's the humor of the movie! To rescue them from their death, I willingly omit the awfulness of Samberg's roles, and the second third of Lonely Island, director Akiva Schaffer, I leave his lack of talent to the director? or comic. Basically, there is what you can do to be able to go beyond the comedy about the crash. as arrogant as if the movie was so much fun. Have a sense of self-confidence that there is even a single laugh in this pile, or do yourself another film? ANY other movie.
