Many said Orca? The murderous whale is a reflection of the bumps. This is not true, though the huge commercial success of the jaws undoubtedly made these men .vs. stories about the beast are more interesting suggestions for filmmakers in the second half of the 1970s. Orca ?? Killer Whale would be better described as the modern protectorate of Moby Dick. It's a story of obsession. On the one hand, the whale is an obsessive attempt to avenge the death of her friend; on the other hand, the reward hunter is an obsessive attempt to kill the whale before it can demand further lives. Unfortunately, the Orca-Killer Whale discovers a very disappointed film, its fundamentally interesting thoughts of somewhat ruined hammam performances and absurd plot. Nolan Shark Hunter (Richard Harris) encounters marine researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) diving off the Atlantic coast of Canada. Their meeting almost ends in disaster when Rachel's team attacks the Big White Shark, but Killer Whale arrives in time to stop the shark. After that, Nolan becomes increasingly obsessed with capturing the Killer Whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans are back when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman of a species, while a disturbed man looks. Rachel tells Nolan that Killer Whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with strong memory and feelings as a human. Worse still, the Will Sampson warns him that the whale will always remember his sadness and will do everything he can to avenge himself. Nolan will first try to forget the entire regrettable incident, but the whale is causing confusion in a fishing town, and embarrassing locals will demand Nolan to get to the sea to watch and destroy him. Finally Nolan is forced to continue the Killer Whale? hunting goes all the way to the desolate ice sheets of the Arctic Ocean, where humans and animals play their ultimate deadly struggle against each other. <br /> <br /> There are two things in this movie. One of them is the exciting scene of Ennio Morricone (perhaps the greatest composer of film music of all time, his talent emptied on ten-year clunkers during the 70's and 80's). The other is Ted Moore's amazing widescreen shooting, making the film charming. Any other Orc department? Killer Whale is a dirty movie that does nothing to increase the reputation of its talented cast and crew. Harris is extremely bad throughout the movie, her hair is asleep, black circles around her eyes, and her skin is deadly pale. His performance lacks the usual vitality. The engagement hits a lot of sexy poses, but it can not convince her with long-standing and ill-informed explanations of the whale travels. Other actors are lost in short and undeveloped roles, most of whom remember that Bo Derek got his leg barked with a revenge whale. The task is complete nonsense from beginning to end, with such absurd sequences as the whale deliberately ramp up fire in a fishing village that swallows up and destroys local refineries! Although it is plausible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with real emotions, the idea that a whale can avenge a single human enemy and make it so aptly is totally absurd. Orca ?? Killer Whale is really one for human compliments .vs. animal cycle since the late 1970s. Most of the film tears her head, shaking their heads in disbelief, and teasing herself desperately.
