This film can not decide whether his message is "people are evil and evil, the animals are sweet and impeccable" or "never get into the water again". Fisherman (Nolan) is about to kill a whaling whale, which is a very bad thing, but when she accidentally encounters a pregnant cow instead of her friend, the cow - and the word I use in all senses - who is an obviously sick psycho-bitch and canonical villain - propeller and tries to chew pieces in the most terrible and amazing, not to mention the ineffective way of killing yourself. (I doubt it was her first.) When her unborn fetus interrupts her sinister, self-injured wound, her friend avenges and reproves that he hurts, kills and hurts every man who even talks to Nolan. Of course, as among people, the total number of psychos is dated to other general psychos. The film emanates half of the idea against the human message: "a poor poor whale! The evil man must suffer and die!" and yet it does not do any good. It is true that when he explained his motives, he was selfish and cruel, but at the first whim of the first whale, the heart grows and as the film progresses, it grows more sympathetic to the whale's pain until it seems like going to go out on ice and get a whale to feel a little better. The last film in which Nolan watches the whale on a bizarre journey to the north reminds me of Melvill's mysterious relationship between the whales and for a moment has suggested a really interesting conclusion when these two spouses could come together to understand that they are aware of their own sadness because Nolan has lost his wife and unborn child also due to an accident. It is clear that Nolan respects the whale and feels for her loss. However, it is never. The whale has no compassion or respect for anyone. The last scene loses this focus and becomes jaws, where the sea monster finally kills everyone, and Nolan and undoubtedly through sight, fails to avoid whalers (dear cat). I love animals, and I guess whales, and I love whale whales anymore, but if the movie's aim was to feel that the whale was a victim and that people were bad and annoying it all failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth and feels for others, and the whole whale thinks it's killing and mutilation. The only message you can leave with is: "If you see the whale whale, sometimes and anywhere, run the second way, because if you get in the wrong way on its FIN, it will hunt you down to the end of the land that destroys everything around you."
