This film deserves another bad rating. Consider one reviewer who will praise acts of the film that include "no sex, violence or gore". Excuse me. The film's own set-up follows us because Cody's young comrade, with love for life and who has everything to live on, is thrown into pieces that left Cody's bloody, bloody body. And given the nature of the war we know that Cody saw horror almost daily. So much for those who are watching this movie with such pink glasses that the violence that defines Cody's personality is erased from the memory of the audience. Without a family without himself, Cody, like John Rambo, gives birth to the country by bike making a long trek to the native US USA in the form of a place called Nevada City. No mention, no realization of the clear fact that Cody is damaged. We know it from the moment his CO declares him practically to order Cody to "rest" from death and the destruction of war. This explains how no one notices or cares, Cody's apparent "flat" effect. It's not bad acting. It is a flat effect of post-traumatic stress disorder. Do not guess, remember that his CO has ordered him out of the battlefield. And what about the "random" kiss, as marked by another review. Fall was an accident, no kiss. How exactly was Cody's "respect" of faith by hitting her consciousness that she was well spoken of? Now it was a moment that was not family. A moment that is then communicated to the immediate universe as if it were posted on YouTube. Of course, the loyalty fidelity, just like Cody's "coming in" to a woman who plans to marry another, is taken in the spirit of the Christmas season. knows little about Faith's dream, except that he claims to have love for him, it does not take longer than nano seconds to accept his suggestion (he could wait for some other thoughts), is generous, loves her to death, the family has no nothing really against him, believes that marriage is based on compromises, and these two have never talked about marriage plans. No thief here. Asner is a fine actor given through dialogue in the hills like "we love you son ..." "You are part of our family" literally days after meeting with a stranger named Cody. And the speech of a group of brothers, where this phrase was not meant to be applied to a virtual alien outside the battlefield. Bottom line: This movie is a Christmas candy christmas fog that appears in the main way. Most stupid, praising Cody's disrespect for Faith's physical involvement about her knowing her well, she's spoken. By redefining the family as we know it, we perceive: Admitting a virtual stranger as a full-fledged family member because we are all "loving". How many of you did it, or you know who did it. NO.
