Orca begins as a crippled Irish captain, Nolan (Richard Harris), and his crew is trying to capture Big White Shark to sell it for big money, unfortunately, when an unfortunate marine biologist named Ken (Robert Carradine) is attacked. The shark is killed by Killer Whale, which raises Nolan's interest in Killer Whales and decides he wants to catch one of them. However, trying to capture a pregnant woman and injure her to the point of interrupting her unborn fetus on board, which makes her mess and enrages her friend, Nolan orders that the whale be returned to the sea, which will happen. Male Killer Whale is least upset and kills one of Nolan's crews before they get into the dry land of Newfoundland, Canada, as soon as the Killer Whale runs a series of attacks on the city and its people in an attempt to pull Nolan back to the sea to fight death ... Director Michael Anderson I thought it was a spectacular rip-off terrible, I'm sorry, but I thought it was just ridiculous and totally boring at a modest 90 minutes. Producer Luciano Vincenzoni and Sergio Donati's scenario is so stupid that I'm losing the words that it does not seem to take seriously, and if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling, continue how smart the Killer Whale's I'm going to scream again. I'm sorry, but I just do not believe the Killer Whale is intelligent enough to know who belongs to a particular ship and that she is slipping. I do not believe the Killer Whale can cause a huge explosion, including tapping an oil lamp from the wall on the opposite side that hits it because there's no way it could know on earth that it is there, I do not believe the Killer Whale can identify someone's house, whoever is there and then destroy it effectively, I do not believe the Killer Whale can move the glaciers around to catch the ship, I do not believe Killer Whales can physically recognize people and I do not believe he has any revenge vengeance or at least none that are equally strong, like this stupid movie does. Maybe I'm a little harsh, I think it's just a movie, but it's a movie that's trying to be serious, and things were so ridiculous that I expected Killer Whale to write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan and hand should be the fins?) to add it, the thing seemed smart enough to do something else. They must ask them to come up with a cure for a normal winter! Seriously, this is a statement that is not more than anything else in this movie. I found the film very boring, totally boring and horrible in its presence without being on the screen. It goes without saying that it is a riot from the Jaws (1975), which is not even close to the classic Spielberg. Director Anderson is not Spielberg, who is sure this absurd film has absolutely no tension, fear, tension or atmosphere at all. All the assault scenes are as boring as drafts and are completely forgotten, there is no area and virtually no pay, because Orca can not eat one person. Then there are the scenes I've literally had to laugh at, the Killer Whale shots that seemed to cry, are pure comedies and introductory scenes of both Killer Whales that I think try to show them as a "loving" and "caring" couple, but you could not help but think it's the closest thing we ever get to Killer Whale porn, fun stuff. Killer Whales footage themselves are boring and boring, instead of records that match and improve the scenes around it, it just looks like horrible wild nature documentary shots that have little connection with nothing else. Do you think I do not like this movie? Good. Forget about any gore or decent death, there's a short scene where Bo Derek has his legs bruised, but he blinks and you miss him. It probably had a fairly large budget and is still good, Orce is not bad, it's well done, but I guess it's flat, insignificant and totally forgotten. But cinema is pretty. The actor is bad, Rampling is terrible, and late Harris' Irish accent is embarrassing. Orca is a poor Jaws rip-off who completely ignores or confuses everything that made Spielberg's movie so good, that's one for lovers of bad movies everywhere. It is definitely not recommended, though not as bad as Čelo: Pomsta (1987).
