I watched this movie recently in the Hallmark channel. In my opinion, the film began to be decent enough, but eventually it became sour. Story: An American soldier in Afghanistan will receive one of the Christmas cards that a US woman sent to the army for Christmas. He becomes so inspired by the Christmas card that he feels he gives him the love of hope and happiness in his life, the motivation to continue on. When she has a vacation, she goes to the city where the woman lives. It touches him and tells a young woman and eventually finds out she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets his family and after rescuing his father (a Vietnam War veteran) before he gets into a car accident when crossing the street, the family decides to take him after a while. We learn that he does not have a family home. The soldier agrees that during the Christmas season, he will help the family work with them in their timber mining company. His family comes to love him and vice versa. A soldier also falls in love with a family daughter - a woman who sent a Christmas card. There is only one problem. She has a serious relationship with the man she's in love with. It's also a long distance relationship. A friend is very different from a soldier. He prefers wine and excursions to France for hard work and great outdoors. The woman prefers the other. During the rest of the movie, she is a "love triangle" because her girlfriend returned to the city and attended her for this season. Everyone in the family looks like they want a daughter with a soldier, and her mother basically wants what's best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman is more and more like a soldier because they have a lot in common. They spent a lot of time together. He gradually becomes attracted to his person. One day she kisses her and she kisses him back. Now she's so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry him once, but she loves the soldier. Finally, a boyfriend (who does not know about kissing, but very protects a woman and thinks that a soldier is trying to get her) decides to propose a woman and she accepts. But his plans for the wedding are not the plans he wants. She wants to be at home, have children, and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places and if he has children, he wants to take them. That does not sound too exciting for a woman. The soldier, however, feels mistaken for what he has done, and does not want to make it worse. So he decides to leave town, despite his father's urging him to stay and stay with his daughter. Everything comes into play when we learn on Christmas Eve with the Church that the soldier has not stayed. The boy and the woman talk to each other outside, and he, broken, basically decides to let her go and break with her. The film ends with a woman and a soldier gathering. <br /> <br /> Things I like: Most of the movie I like a soldier. It is basically nice and polite, with a strong sense of good for others; there are times when the family walks with the church and takes part in charity events; the family holds their hands and prays at dinner at the table; father and mother have long-lasting and obviously healthy marriages; soldier is trying to do the right thing in the situation after doing something very bad Things I do not like: In this movie is a very typical story of triangle love; the soldier worsens as he slowly and gently moves to the woman and finally kisses her when he has a boyfriend; most family practically praises this behavior - the family walks with the church and takes part in services, yet it does; there is some bad language <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I still disappointed with the film running, and it worsened. Finally I ended up at the end of the movie because I had enough. So the film began to be decent with a few moments of jewels, but eventually it was destroyed. That's why I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
