The best shorts of Laurel and Hardy are filled with misfortune, accidents and destruction, mostly caused by Stan, but with Ollie receiving a mass punishment (-) he sees the great "The Music Box" (1933) (1932) as some classic examples. Here for some reason (is it because it was based on the sketch of Stan's father?), The boys play it "straight" in a "comedy" built around a joke and a supposedly humorous situation. Systém Všechnyžití It's just another comedy of thirty comedies, raised only by the characters of Stan and Ollie, who never show any of their known gestures (Ollie's Fingers, Statutes Blank Views, etc.) Or Comic Abilities. <br /> <br /> The film begins with running from the police. Because we never know or even know why it is hard to believe or accept their fear of being captured, so they are hiding at Colonel Buckshot's headquarters. The precondition for "humor" is that Ollie walks like a Colonel and Stan, who is devoted because both a valet and a servant are never much interested. In this movie, they do not play "Stan and Ollie". Some students of pedestrian actors could play their part and it would be just as poor. Stan could slip out and do what he would do witty, but he did not have the chance to do everything from here. He is limited by having done too much dialogue to "move" the conspiracy, but none of this goes far beyond the stupidity. We endure with infinite third grade comedic chestnuts like a gag running that mistakenly pronounces Lord Plumtree's name, "Call me a taxi, all right, you're a taxi!" jokes, policemen lose their clothes and are seen in long Johns and the uncontrollable ending of Stan and Ollie as two parts in a painfully obvious costume when they run a bike on two and James Finlayson still makes his full body in a silent era and Keystone Kop jumping jacks. Stan and Ollie do much better in the sitcom in 'Sons of the Desert' (1933), where we see them doing what we love about them - be alone. In fact, 1932-34 seems to be their best years. Because this movie does not play any of its strengths, why bother with it? I have to give her 3.
