The forbidden siren is based on Siren 2 Playstation 2 (as many as 2s). Just like most video games have changed into movies, I would say that most of them do not really concern other media. And this is true for this, painfully. There is a relatively long prologue that explains and sets the premise of the story and the mysterious island on which writer (Leo Morimoto) and his children, daughter Yuki (Yui Ichikawa) and son Hideo (Jun Nishiyama) are moving. The villagers do not look too friendly and you will soon learn about the siren on the island to stay in the house as soon as the siren begins to wobble. <br /> <br /> Naturally and slowly things begin to bump and our siblings continue on a mission that beats Bush to accurately find out what is happening on this enemy island with its peculiar inhabitants. But in fact, you will not be bothered by what's going on, because folklore and fairy tales get to make the plot even more developed. What really pushed him into the realm of bad comedy is his unconscious misplaced moments beyond the norm, which only furiously scolded his stupidity until it was explained much later. It's one thing that tries to come and imagine something smart, but another thing makes it convincing and with gaps covered. Even though the lesson in less than 90 minutes - I think it's a horror phenomenon, a runtime benchmark - it gives it almost two hours of feeling with its slow buildup telling what it wants. Things start picking up for the last 20 minutes, but it's a classic case too late. What saves the film is how it changed and its revelation at the end. Again, it is a common device that attempts to enhance the seemingly simple horror film into something a little different in the hope of worshiping the audience. It turned out quite satisfactorily, but it leaves the bad taste of how you feel a little cheated. There are two ways you will feel twist - either increase the movie to an unforgettable level or give you the hockey feel. Unfortunately, the forbidden siren belonged to the other. <br /> <br /> My cinematography will be a saving grace with the use of light, shadows and mirrors, but I will be so explicit - it is not worth the time, so it is better to prevent it.
