It's a fascinating film - especially old film enthusiasts and historians (I'm both). During the first half of the twentieth century, it was sad that black Americans were usually not allowed into white theaters. As a result, catering theaters for the black audience wanted to show movies that reflect the black experience and show black actors. In many cases, films were basically similar to Hollywood standard fictions, but with much lower and worst production values. You really can not mind movie makers - they just did not have the money and the means available to the average film company. As a result, they had to make a maturity with much less - including excessive reliance on warehouse actors that have been seen over and over, no money to re-shoot scenes and the need to get movies faster! This film was very much trying to be the black text of Gene Autry - instead of Herb Jeffries. Jeffries was a blonde man of mixed origin and starred in several similar cowboy movies. In each of them he sings a little bit, fights a bit (though very badly) and loves a bit - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still 96 years old. The general conspiracy was unbearable from the image of Autry - complete with anachronistic objects like the phones to the west! The problem is that despite their similarities, there is a low budget. Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) emptied several lines, but it just left, the battle scenes were completely unkempt and were among the worst movies, there was some weird plot, no background music was strangely silent) and the acting was pretty terrible. Now it does not mean that the film is not worth seeing - only that it concerns technical problems that prevent it from being higher. One reviewer, strangely, has recorded this movie 10! How it can be with all the problems is beyond me. I want to understand that you like the movie despite its many problems. The plot is generally pretty good, the characters are kissing, the musical numbers are excellent, and you know the people who shot the film tried so hard, and that is a very important piece of American history. But 10! <br /> <br /> By the way, in a strange piece of cast, the very tall, slim and almost white skin of Jefferies is paired with the short, rotten and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland ... like his brother! Spencer Williams can also be known. He played Andy in the television "Amos Andy".
