The story of the FBI (1959) was Warner Bros. 149 minute epic hold of the famous investigative agency! From Don Whitehead's book, a rather strenuous screenplay came from Richard L. Greene and John Twist, and was directed only with a slight touch by Mervyn LeRoy. However, it had the wonderful color of the Cinematography by Joseph Biro and the helpful score of the studio musician Max Steiner! The film deals with the history of the presidency from its beginnings in the 1920s to the modern era and everything seen through memories of aging aggressive agent Chip Hardesty (James Stewart) when it devotes itself to its investigative experience - retrospectively - to the classroom of young start-ups. But everything is very long and episodic! And as it progresses, it looks like a television miniature series instead of a big movie production because young Hardesty runs an American criminal gamut from making such well-known criminals as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger etc. like Ku Klux Clan, Nazi spy circles, and Red Menace. And here it has to be said that only for the presence of the screen and the attraction of her star, FBI STORY would probably end a forgotten disaster. Besides, it's another issue with the picture - Stewart is allowed to carry the entire film almost on his own! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has a grateful role to be his long-suffering, but a devoted wife - is surrounded by the occupation of small players! All the while you find yourself in the middle of waiting for someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or even Raymond Burr to make a welcome entry as a gangster or police boss or anything else. But nothing as imaginative as if it ever appeared! Damage! <br /> <br /> However, the film has managed to take a good look at the work of the Bureau! With Stewart's story, we learn about thousands of men and women working for an organization that includes hundreds of agents in the industry. And we are also treated to look inside the headquarters where the giant part of the records is located and we will also look at chemists and fingerprints carefully through everyday work. Another add-on for the film is Max Steiner's remarkable score! Hearing over the titles is a powerful, exciting and determined march, while the gentle moments of the film are attractive love. But quite sophisticated is the terrible march of Ku Klux Klan. And even better is the rhythmic Latin-American music composer wrote for South American scenes, especially the exciting Fandango as the orchestration for the arrival of federal troops on horseback. The story of the FBI was one of five compositions written in 1959 by composer Samuel Bronston, John Paul Jones, the enchanting Rom McCall, the remarkable western "The Hanging Tree," and Daves' A Summer Place, of which the theme of Young Love - which was supposed to be the main hit song for Steiner, better known as "Theme from the summer" - was developed. FBI STORY just about passes is gathered as a movie thanks to the rich Biroc cinema, the great music of Steiner and, of course, Jimmy Stewart, who does anything observable! <br /> <br /> The classic but unlikely line from the FBI STORY ............. As invisible Nick Adams (who just started an airplane with 43 people on board, including his mother) is taken with his handcuffs, turning to the arresting officer, and angry: "If I get any mail, you can send it to Canyon City for the next month or so - then you can send it to HELL." Wow!
