Although there are some excerpts in this four-part document suggesting the need to reform recreational drug laws, unlike many excerpts from those who believe that the drugs that are currently illegal are the disaster for which the only possible solution to the murder of those who are guilty of even having possession of such drugs. Although this program as a whole leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is to a great extent a futile exercise and a waste of money, and therefore deserves some praise, almost nothing in this document deals with very real problems that absolutely war on those who have only illegal drugs, apparently causes and contributes to - very real problems, the drug warriors themselves will tell you that if you ask, they think the drug war is intended to be solved. For example, while many minutes are devoted to the increase in violence associated with the increasing popularity of crack cocaine in the 1980s, this program does not even indicate that crack cocaine laws alone prevent drug dealers from enforcing their contracts and business arrangements in court courts forced them to resort to violence to stay in business. But instead of making laws an important cause of violence, the drugs themselves seem to be blaming themselves. Clearly, this program is totally ignored by the ban on alcohol, the violence that followed, and the subsequent lifting of the ban. This program will help keep the ridiculous stereotypes of drug users and these are the primary forces in managing a very expensive and very problematic drug war. The possibility of integrating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life does not really touch. Using any excessive drug is likely to cause personal problems, but not all users make their drugs excessively, just as not all alcoholics are alcoholics. <br /> <br /> If you want a view from someone who thinks that adults have the right to not be imprisoned and that their crime system punishes just for the use of drugs, she decided that the government decided rather for very arbitrary political reasons than reasons based on proper social policy and legitimate science to a complete ban whose users have chosen not to fight metaphorically, just forget it. None of this is here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is barely in the category of drug propaganda. It is mostly an interesting neutral present drug history in the 20th century of the United States as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. However, there is a significant element of different people's views on drug laws, and most of them (but not all) are not too thoughtful or well informed and inclined in favor of the mentality of the drug fighter, especially for drugs other than marijuana. The criminal justice system, along with its often cruel punishments for the destruction of life, is clearly not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to any social problem, but unfortunately in this country there is an epidemic of an unknown disease whose primary symptoms are insufficient imagination regarding social policy with regard to certain drugs, lack of sympathy with other people, prejudice against people who use drugs not approved by the government, perhaps interest in the growth of the prison / police industry and terrible apathy with respect to human dignity. It is morally wrong to kidnap or imprison people unless you have a very damned good reason for it, and the simple possession of an arbitrarily chosen group of drugs is probably not such a reason. This is, indeed, a primary issue with regard to drugs, but this program ignores it. So in summary, parts of this program that neutrally present history without feeding the stereotypes of drug users who are at the heart of the mental war are very good and interesting and fun. But when it comes to introducing a rational, non-racist viewpoint from the point of view of drug policy, and giving examples to audiences not only people with drug problems but also many people who successfully integrate drugs into happy and successful lives, it is quite disappointed.
