I almost saw it on a real cinema (art theater, no less!) But he could not get there for one whole week but yesterday I finally saw the cable and ... well .. I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: OTHER BOMB! When does this woman learn? When does the study learn? (Or perhaps they already have, because this film has been largely discarded, with a small fanfare and a deadly word from the mouth). One could hope to be driven by a talented husband who created some interesting or terribly funny work. of the same quality as Madonna showed in "Desperately looking for Susan"; unfortunately, it simply did not think, because it is the worst for her: uniquely convinced of her own size, the smugness penetrating into every frame in which she was in it was even more unbearable by her embarrassing faux-British accent, which only emphasizes the fact that her speaking voice is immature in quality and not particularly pleasant. It may sound unnecessarily harsh, but MOVE ON WOMAN and LOOK on her films, for example In the past decade: as the last day Bette Davis, there is an infallible fragility not only for her car but also for her face and body which here, despite the warm shooting shown in of the whole film (maybe his only rescue grace) do not do any kind of favors. Because of her, the whole affair is so frantic that you're wondering if the world's greatest actress can do anything about this mess in her best days. No one interferes with escape: Bruce Greenwood appears to be painful on the screen, though the poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to have suicide as if she was really good in something, which has been thinking for me all the time: "Denying is not just a river in Egypt!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, the star of the Italian original "Swept Away ..." is like his father immensely attractive and not bad at all (despite being nominated for Razzie as "Worst Actor"), but just like everything else about this production will all go back to Madonna, on whose shoulder lies the guilt. Why is? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Who do you think is behind this remake? What actress would not want almost every film to shoot on it, only with a relative who would share the screen? Sure, Ritchie deserves some guilt: surely he - or someone - YES! - she had and could take her exit aside and insisted that something on ACTUAL FEELING in her reading lines (because her performance is so wooden, it is a surprise that the rest of the cast did not get chips) or at least showed the heat. but it seems to be resilient only as a kinematic black hole. It's a really clumsy project over this star, so it will eventually succeed. The film, such as the "odd couple," class war, should be light and fun, with leaders who can bounce one from another with a humorous, even romantic, dialogue for what else can be a film whose plot involves two disparate people stranded , really? Honestly, I do not think any of those who have tried it knew exactly. it does not even die like a comedy (I do not resist you laughing even once) or romance (the lipstick of the Ice Princess Madonna eliminates any chemistry). It's not bad enough for lovers of bad movies to look forward to. Real damage ...
