For years, Madonna has tried to prove not only herself but also the public that she can act. Unfortunately, he tries too hard when he fails to get rid of his own personality, he does not mix well. She seems to feel better when she is not the star of a movie: if you watch her in supporting the performance at DESPERATES SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or LEAGUE OF THEIR OWN (1992), it really looks good. Since the story revolves around other actors, the expectation weight is put off from her shoulders. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when asked to be the star of a movie, regardless of the genre. It is necessary to focus on a plot that must be said visually, whether it be good, average or just terrible, it has to emulate in a way that is similar to actual film performance, unlike video performances. That's a major difference between Madonna and, say, Bette Davis or Meryl Streep. The last two, even if the film is to fail (because the visual story lacked some effectiveness by referring to it or because the script had fallen or because the actress was not in her own moment) would be something extra in their performance , which would raise the film from a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep have their share: Bette, who has a longer career than Streep, at such a price as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least this naturalism has occurred in the way they attacked their roles, which have forgotten us of the banality of the film and watched the performance. Madonna, on the other hand, was not a particularly talented actress capable of really letting us be able to convey a different personality than ourselves, is much worse and even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS AND FOG (1992) and a little stiff, maybe even nervous, as if you were aware of cameras and crews and could not just let go. So here he once again tries to prove that he can act in what is essentially a two-digit film. Guy Ritchie, known for action films filled with male energy, seems uncomfortable as he tells a story closer to someone like Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who with incredible ease told the story of two people. And in 89 minutes, the events that take place are so unconvincing that when the final half hour comes and the story shows up dramatically, it does not feel honest. From an absolute witch who has no redemption for being suddenly in love, it must be the most unconvincing 180 degree turn from the moment Laura reveals her desire for Tommy Lee Jones in The Eye of Laura (1978). Equally unconvincing is Adrian Giannini's unpleasant turn in the middle of the movie - he lacks any humor and feels really psychopathic - and when he does Madonna's love, it's too quick to believe. Shooting in slow music and a visual set of love and beautiful scenery does not improve or add this "transformation" from what would be the story of survival among disparate figures and a love story where they both appear to each other. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I'm trying to have an unsatisfactory ending it works against the movie too - it just makes it pull, sink down, and when Madonna has to be shot away from the hope of devastation in close proximity, it feels she is trying too hard. Many of the congressmen did better when they did so much. Her acting is best suited to the acting styles of the late 1920s, early 1930s, when the posture coincided with playing part or emotion. Could the film be better? Of course. There are a myriad of ways to shoot them in a way that would leave the viewer the impression that these people could at least hope to see each other again - this has already been done, for example in OVERBOARD (1987). It could have an existential undertone in which two very different people rely on themselves, but they do not necessarily have to change (to ensure a moral tone). Many dialogues and unnecessary erotic scenes could be spared a "silent" film appearance - as in PERSONA (1966). It could even be like a thriller, as long as Giannini's character has an average band that Billy Zane had in DEAD CALM (1989). Even if it was done as a sexual farce, it would be better for Madonna because it would be over the top. But with her average striped humor, without at least appearing her figure with the softer side hiding behind the mask of the murder, and without the true delimitation of Giannini's character, it will become another wreck that looks like a sex battle.
