Where to start? Straightheads are a bit of a dilemma. If this film came out of Italy in 1975, ruled by Ruggero Deodatto and played by David Hess, then I would beat him faster than Labrador drinks on a summer day. Because while Tarantino and Rodriguez are busy elsewhere with the honors of grindhouse cinematography, Dan Reed produced in England a picture of his rape / vengeance and seemingly the same budget as if Rodriguez had changed the leg of Rose McGowan to a machine gun. Because if you want to play grindhouse bingo, let me dial the numbers: <br /> <br /> 1. A rich, high flying career meets a little harshly on the wrong side of the track in an unlikely way and just as unbelievably gets hots for itself. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 2. Free shots of this high-profile woman in different nudity states. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 3. The reversible and highly improbable development of a plot that creates characters that exist exclusively for what they are doing and who can not imagine having any existence outside of the scene in which they are. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 4. An unnecessary graphic scene of rape committed by a gang of men who have no recognizable depth of personality or background than they are raped. Check it out. <br /> <br /> 5. Crunchy and bloody scenes of murder and revenge to let it all go. Bingo! <br /> <br /> Plotwise, Straighthead is quite a basic thing: Dyer meets Anderson and she invites him to a party on a pile of land owned by her boss. On their way home, they upset three local residents in Landover, who took revenge by giving Dyer good boots and a gang raping Anderson. The couple then decided to get revenge. Meanwhile, "Straw Dogs", "Late Night Trains," "House on the Edge of the Park," "I Spit On Your Grave" etc. So why did not I think about this movie too much? Many reasons: I assume that, first, when I was at the premiere in Gillian Anderson, it led me to the better, but it is a complete lack of sincerity than most. <br /> <br /> Because always sitting down and looking at Hess and his men who terrorize women and kill their men in the 1970s, they always know exactly what they are getting - low budgets that are intended solely to shock and reach the smallest common denominator. Baddies terrorize and murder goodies, goodies turn tables into misery and kill them back, everyone returns home, their desire to see a little nasty violence that is destroyed and safe with the knowledge that the world order has been restored. As a director and director, however, Dan Reed clearly believes that Straighthead has much more about the state of human psychics than that, and is trying to desperately dive his film into a philosophical depth that simply is not there. For example, when Anderson and Dyer plan to avenge their invaders, they learn that one of the rapists has a fourteen-year-old daughter who is the subject of desire for the two men he hangs with. When Anderson finally meets him face to face, he confesses that he just raped her as a distraction, so his two buddies would take their attention away from her daughter !!! The informal and courageous way Reed sinks this little apparition into a conspiracy is simply caught, it's almost as if he expected this simple reference to pedophilia to be enough to throw the moral compass of the audience into a hurdle and leave them to leave the cinema, " Just to make sure we get it, at this point, we've been shown the second time that it's the rape order, seemingly from the attacker's point of view and his worry about his daughter, but Reed will make sure we get a lot of Anderson's shots manipulating and raping on the hood of her car.Anderson does not get in. When Anderson raises the reasons for raping him, he pulls him over the table, crunches at the end of a sniper rifle (complete with a thick muffler, only if someone has not understood the fake images ), but lacks the courage to pull the trigger, and tells Dyer (who does not have such moral doubts) that "It's over." Dyer argues otherwise, and their moral dilemma is presented as something Wittgenstein and Russell might have discussed in their rooms back to Cambridge through tea and cakes. It is almost insurmountable in its sadness. <br /> <br /> In justice, Mrs Anderson is acting throughout the movie. Obviously, he wants to leave Scully far behind him and bless him, he certainly does; man asks what would Mulder do from his former partner who sat to give up the roadside escape and then sodomize a man with a gun? Dyer, on the other hand, does what he did in virtually every movie he has done up to this day - that is, he plays a gor blimey guy cockney with a huge smile, a bold line of excitement and a face that most people would never did not get tired of punching. This is especially true in the final scene where Dyer, after the assassination of his invaders in cold blood, looks at the camera, which is certainly fine, a look at the existential anxiety that challenges us to sympathize with the fate of the hand, explaining to him the moral problems he had to overcome, instead, he recalls that Oliver Hardy looks exasperated at the camera after Stan has brought him into another great mess. Which by the way summarizes this film quite nicely.
