* WARNING * Contains many SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> Let me start by having a great deal of respect for Gillian Anderson's unbelievable talent as a varied and versatile actress - and therefore I can not understand the reasons why I agree with the film when she saw the scenario (or its lack). The film was, in my view, a great idea, and there were some really thought-provoking themes there, but it ended up like a rotten soufflé. It's an example of why I hate 99% of British cinema. It feels too long, it's lengthy, for the most part, and it does not happen much after the first twenty minutes. Just when you think there is a chance that it will speed up, it disappoints you like Paul Radcliffe, who runs the marathon. With little imaginative director and minimalist plot, there is not much to divert audiences into popcorn. As for the scenario, I can only assume that the writer was trying to save several trees, with the average scene reading something like "Alice: F *** OFF!" (Adam looks, follows) Alice: ADAM! ADAM! "I suspect that players have probably been paid more than Kate Moss did for their Virgin Mobile ads. What was a few lines did not have many variations with frequent use of the f-word that Bridget Jones's friend, Shazza, there is little foundation of the main characters in front of the main sordid event that leaves the audience a lack of sympathy for the characters over the automatic "Oh That's a Terrible" Reaction Alice is not such a woman who suits the sympathy either He has a great job, an expensive flat in London with a roof space that dies but still appears on the screen as horrified, bitter and unhappy before her life turns to the worst. After the attack, several layers peel off, which explains why she's going to start this way, she grew up with a soldier who he thought he was teaching her how to fire a gun, is the ultimate expression of love, so instead of going after his footsteps, he escaped and into a big city looking for something that I feel her life is worth living for instead she found a group of middle-class stereotypical toffes looking down on someone who is not rich enough to drive Lexus and luxury that comes with integrated security / entertainment system (i.e. She becomes Mrs. Robinson to the boy,) Someone gives me the tissue. One rescuing mercy of this character lies in the fact that Gillian Anderson plays. In the hands of a smaller actress, it would be intolerable to one-dimensional, but Mrs. Anderson actually managed to bring some of the past moments of humanity into this otherwise inanimate human being, especially since she sincerely apologizes for her strong anger in the vain attempt to prevent the invaders from continuing the attack. I can not say that Adam is also better off. Danny Dyer played him well as a fish-out-of-water Jack Lad, but a good performance could not save him from both a lack of scenario and the complete absence of any background background. <br /> <br /> This movie relied mainly on the value of shock, but the timing was off and felt too refined from start to finish. As far as shock is concerned, the most shocking thing is that this film is an unsatisfactory demonstration of how Mrs Anderson's painfully thin, it was almost as disturbing as brutal attacks. On a side note, in a British film only, the gang of violent sexual assailants would take the time to offer each other contraceptives before their buddies continue to cheer - talking about how the extreme stiff lips are coming to an end! If it is such a movie that the national lottery gives money to do, then it is not surprising that fewer and fewer people decide to spend a pound each week. <br /> <br /> I said I hated this movie because it attributed too much to me that I was not interested in any character that would justify the strong emotions. I want to come back once a minute, please!
