This movie I rented the other night, because neither my girlfriend nor I have ever seen it, even though we've heard from a friend how great it is. opinions, but I knew that going to it would be quite liberal given who directed it. I thought Michael Douglas would play a sympathetic popular liberal who loves Mass, and would be a shameful conservative opponent as an enemy. But I thought there would be a political statement beginning and ending. <br /> <br /> OK, the plot was solid: One president falls behind a lobbyist. OK, this has the potential that I thought was quite fun, because it was unique. But then the film turned into a liberal infomercial. The film has become more about arms control and environmental issues than the relationship between the President and Sydney (Annette Bening). In this movie, there were several ridiculous spaces: 1) The character Sydney plays six personalities of lobbyists who are "closer". Could it be much better? She was still disorganized and seemed to be amazed at everything. Hardly "nearer". I'm selling and could not "close" selling a glass of water to a man who dies after thirst. 2) Second, is there something far absurd than Richard Dreyfuss, who plays the right wings of fanaticism? He is the most liberal man in Hollywood and plays a right-wing ideologue. Give me a break. I liked how he took his conservative character and made him worse. <br /> <br /> 3) The speech at the end was simply absurd. The line of "I'm a proud ACLU cardholder" was a joke. First, no president would ever accept that because he would be an active member of the ultra-peripheral group. Second, why even bring something like that. You just have stolen more than half of the movie that will make the audience more modern or conservative. I thought it was great and unique. I thought Michael Douglas was a good choice as a president. The film, however, went from the "film" to the political statement from the left wing, which is why the film failed. It's a pity he saw a big conspiracy destroyed by Hollywood, which had to force its political views on the audience
