If I can not make a mistake, I rented the Nightmare on Elm Street 3 a few years ago and it was a music video, I'm sure they were called Dream Warriors at the end and I was the one who hoped the video would be there because it was one of the most fun things I've ever seen. It's amazing how it's so fun in the 1980s, but nothing is more fun than the 1980s. This rap band sang this Dream Warriors song on the VHS version of this movie after credits, and they're all wearing as a denim jacket without a shirt underneath them and make up the appropriate jeans shorts that are all frayed at the bottom like the Daisy Dukes. What could make the rap group look much more crazy than I can imagine. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) In any case, I was disappointed by the fact that I was looking for this video on a DVD version, so I had only that average in the series Freddy Krueger. The film begins with the same idea as part 2, the main character witnesses all kinds of haunted murders, and then gets out of the trance and finds his bloody hands. Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about Nancy Thompson's infamous house, then goes to the bathroom, the handles of the sink turn into Freddy's hand and attack her and then she wakes up standing in the bathroom, her own wrist. From there, the film will turn into a normal spontaneous hospital. <br /> <br /> "Larry" Fishburne, tired of always playing the bad guy in his roles, was happy to have taken a role in this film as a nice guy who is strict, strict, but accommodating when patients want to bend rules a bit. Not surprisingly, he turns in what jumps and limits the best performance in the movie. Arquette later became a perfect actor, but she did not finish her acting skills when she starred in this film. The characters in the movie are mostly all patients in the psychiatric hospital where Kristen is placed after wrists. They are all cynical and uncooperative, almost nobody believes that they actually really belong there. Eventually they realize and are able to persuade employees that they all have dreams about the same man and it's not just a group hysteria. Heather Langenkamp has returned to the famous role of Nancy Thompson, this time she has come to the dream of a researcher as a result of her childhood experience with Freddy Krueger. No wonder she can quickly connect with the hysterical Kristen and the other patients because she has just experienced what they are going through. In this installment, some interesting murders and technologies used for special effects have made a huge leap. There is a huge red Freddy who is trying to swallow Kristen all over, there's a scene where the TV turns to Freddy and with mechanical weapons raises one of the patients out there for some night fun and punishes her because it sits too close but there is also unconvincing go-motion a scene where a couple of men struggle with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, who is rotting in the trunk of a car in the showroom. And one of the more scenario scenes was such that Freddy attacked one of the patients in his dream (the one that was known for sleepwalking), he tore his muscles and tendons from his arms and legs and led him like a puppet. Ouch. <br /> <br /> In this installment we look at Freddy's past. Not only will we meet his mother, but we also find out the circumstances that led to Freddy being beaten with more than 100 maniacs. In the fight with Freddy, all patients combine and use their special skills in their dreams (most of them reflect their shortcomings in real life) to fight him. One wheelchair-bound student is able to walk in his dreams, another has the merry powers of what he calls "Wizard Master," another is "beautiful and bad" (he has a lot of makeup, mohywk, he has knives). Clever, but the film loses when he has only one of the patients, the one who can not talk has no powers in his dreams until the top of the movie when he suddenly realizes that he can talk in his dreams just at the right moment you want the day save). His dream power was a little too obvious to be left out for so long, but you collectively see why the movie was called Dream Warriors. Overall, this is not a very weak entry into the series. The game is pretty dirty, but it's really good for a horror movie. Larry Fishburne enormously overshadows the rest of the cast, portraying the wonderful acting skills early in his career and the film not just rehash one of the first two ?? a problem that makes the 13th films much more than Elm Street films. The characters are never created enough to allow them to later create great tension, which is why most of them find it a creative way to kill someone in a horror film than the tragic loss of life of one of the characters we have known and rooted their triumph over evil. But then many horror films do not have the time to really develop their characters until you beat your hands in defeat when they are killed or are at the edge of your seat when they are running for life. But is it important to realize that the few horror movies they are actually doing are almost always the best?
