Night EVELYN CAME OUT OF THE GRAVE (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). I watched only the crazy piece of Euro-tosh in the way of terrible DVD alpha-video (it looks like a very bad video-transfer), but from what I saw is not nearly as interesting as buying a recent DVD No Shame. Given their excellent results, they will undoubtedly be a significant improvement over previous versions. And do not pay attention to the meaningful packaging shown here, it's not taken from this movie (some girl holds Jim Carrey's head like that). <br /> <br /> Spaghetti Western star Anthony Steffen sports a side hairstyle and takes on the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man who haunts the memory of his dead wife, Evelyn. This leads to a nervous breakdown that keeps him in the psychiatric clinic. Once Cunningham is released, he sends this trauma by bringing red prostitutes in his chateau and exposing them to cruel torture. His doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you think the names of horror in Italy sounds "made?"), Recommends that he forget about the past and get married, but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn, and even arranges sessions in the castle. Eventually, after killing other girls, she meets Gladys, another redhead, and marries her almost immediately, but the arrival of his new wife will cause a number of ominous events. The bloodthirsty creature will hit Sir Alan's family and kill them one by one. Cunningham, who becomes more upset, visits Evelyn's grave and discovers that it is empty. Soon there will be a number of "outsiders" who think there is something fish in the castle and that Lord Cunningham's treatment might not be so successful. Director Emilio Miraglia tries to combine Gothic horror with Giallo convention with limited success. As usual, it was not the least effort to convince viewers that the film is based in England. The cars are on the right side of the road, all look very mediocre, and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is probably Italian. This is a common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes it's a bit far. Poor printing has made it even tolerable, because it is so dark, but he has not seen it much. But then it's a kind of movie where something can happen in the name of exploitation, and the imagery of reality is not really a question. Much of it is composed of sado-masochistic torture scenes in the castle museum chamber, but most of the time Anthony Steffen goes through this path and shows some terrible over-action. I think it all depends on your state of mind and it can be a fun piece of nonsense if you are in the right mood. I just could not take it, at least not with the print I was watching. Bruno Nicolai's pleasant score, combining easy listening tunes with some psychedelic rock numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
