I wondered why I did not like Peggy Sue getting married more than I when he first appeared in 1986 with enthusiasm. Somehow I found Nic Cage's off-putting character. Way of leaving. Then it does not seem to make sense. Then at the end of credits came the question: What was this movie? What did he say? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if nothing. I really do not think this movie is meant to make a statement; if it was not, "your life is your life, you make the same mistakes, no matter what, so keep your attention on the donut and not the hole". It's not a very deep statement, and I'm sorry it was not deeply done in this film. Writing is simply not so good. Direction is uneven and occasionally sometimes surprised. Kathleen Turner was the best and, in my opinion, was so useful in this film and did something of a miracle that created the character despite bizarre, inexplicable circumstances with a script that had no obvious statement. <br /> <br /> She finally explained the secret for me the main reason why I did not have to have this movie anymore. In his autobiography he says that Cage tried to fight his uncle Coppol's direction every step, doing it "in his own way" (it's not a good idea for a new actor), and it gives him a noisy voice she called "stupid." His voice was uncomfortable, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was uncomfortable and overwhelmed as a young man. I understand what he's been trying to do: play a young hot shot guy who is not as hot as he thinks he is, and he's preparing his own karma for future failure. But he goes overboard, the way he does it is abrasive, ineffective, and if he listens to his uncle instead of "fighting with a man," we should have a more pleasant film. Cage slipped a little with his uncomfortable voice stylings in the movie and sometimes sounds like a real person, and these scenes are more observable than others. But if I had to watch the whole movie, I would find that I would like someone to pay in LA to pour a bucket of water over her head during some of her more affected scenes. <br /> <br /> The film is not focused on statements, it does not make sense, it's great to look at it when Cage makes a delusional Elvis impression (but without a voice) and ultimately is confusing and waste of time. Because of everything, Kathleen Turner certainly deserved an Oscar in this flailing mess of the film. I can not recommend that someone spend two hours watching it if you do not like Turner and you have a remote control to choose all your scenes. Believe me, you will not omit anything by skipping the other scenes, and it will be just as useful. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner gets a lot of criticism from critics about her Cage comments, which proves she's strong enough to be honest and damn with other people's comments. Go, Tourneys! I'm not a fan of this actress, no more than any other actor or actress, but her seduction is refreshing. Cage's acting may be good or unpleasant and it does not work here. At least in this movie now we know why.
