Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a nutjob who is soon trying to escape mad asylum, with this castle that is slowly perish, like killing different counterparts that resemble his dead wife, Evelyn, a woman who betrayed him as the other man with the red locks. This matrix is ​​quite rich and its bachelor's status can be totally appealing. He is overcome by his obsession with the memories of his late wife (specifically his adultery ... she saw her naked with a lover). While the memory of Evelyn almost absorbs her whole existence, Alan tries to find the best to find true love, and believes he and Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spends most of the movie naked ... that's probably her lonely attribute ever since, (who is not a very good actress) who agrees to marry him after a very short navy that would likely throw the flags right now (there is a key moment of dialogue where he knows exactly what is worth). <br /> <br /> The only real person that Alan can entrust is his doctor from the hospital. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key figures in this film that revolve around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be quite a good friend, who often gives him the sacrifice ... I mean dates, and I kept the hope of ever becoming the property of my master. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, witnesses Alan's defeat, and instead of converting it to the police, he presses him for money. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), tied up with a wheelchair, lives in the manor house and is often seen climbing behind the cracked door. Later we find out that he has a love affair with Albert. Everything described above serves the rest of the story, which shows what seems to be the spirit of Evelyn, which Alan damages, someone killing members who spin around Alan, and the body of Evelyn really missing. The final question is who committed the crimes after Alan and Gladys got married where Evelyn's body is and Alan crossed the border? I have to be honest and say I was not much interested in this movie. It's badly uneven and stepping around. It looks great on a new DVD and "comes out of the grave succession" is cool, but what really hurts the movie in your mind is that the whole actor is incomparable. He really does not care about Alan because he is a psychotic who is skating on thin ice in terms of holding his mental sanity. It can be very volatile. Whoever commits the crime is not really a surprise because several key characters are murdered, there are not only a few who could do it. What happens to Alan really will not make your throat, because you can make the argument that he is just getting what he deserves. The makers of the whole film in relation to Alan, as I have already said, are not so shocking, because if you are only a little aware of certain circumstances (or the benefits they should have) that would benefit them from the collapse of Alan's mental wellbeing, than stellar. I thought the editing was upset and tentative, but playing from the full cast is really under par. Some stylistic aids and there is a spell of Gothic atmosphere in the cemetery sequences to help some.
