Alan (Anthony Steffen), an English millionaire with several loose screws (thanks to her first woman's infidelity and premature death during childbirth), attracts sexy red-headed women to their chateau and offers them cash packages to stay on weekends. As soon as he returns to his family pile, he gets a nonchalant, continues to flog it with a bull's whip, and then kills them. But when she meets the blonde hottie Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and her rich spell falls on her, she decides to give up her murderous journey and get married. Their marital bliss is short-lived, but thanks to Alan's precarious mental state, which is becoming more fragile when his shrouded wife, Evelyn, starts to appear behind the window and there are lots of spooky murders in the castle. /> So let's remember: groovy 70. Euro-horror with a plethora of delicious women in various stages of undressing; spooky Gothic sanctuaries and misty cemeteries; sadistic rich psycho with affection for dead beautiful children with cracks; several murderous murders (including a big bite where one scapegoat has a cloudy head with a rock and her inner mouth with hazelnuts). Normally, would such checklist guarantee a good time? So why did I find that "Night Evelyn got out of her grave" so boring? Well, for beginners, the plot is too complicated: they are red ladies, crazy plot and suspicious stuff, and everything becomes a little too much. From the ridiculous end in which we found out that some people are plotting all the time to get their greedy paws on Alan's fortune and that our hero nut killing should be the hero of the movie? "my head too hurt to care for! Secondly, the direction of Emilia Maraglio is quite cruel, stylish, yes, but slowly like molasses." And then there are pieces that are too damn stupid, maybe even for giallo: death with poisonous snake bite (certainly one of the most bizarre weapons options ever) Alan's Aunt Agatha, an old crippled relative who plays a pretty young woman hiring a group of the same curly blonde women as a maid, a bad attempt to convince spectators that the film is located in England (mentioning "pounds" and renting police uniforms for one of the accessories is not enough) and then, of course, it is unlikely that you will find a sack of sulfuric acid that would be placed next to the pool ... <br /> <br /> "The night Evelyna comes from her grave" is not a complete waste time (how could it be with so many female bodies on show?) But there is a much better giallo out there. Watch this if you are a fan you have already seen the best, but do not expect too much.
