This film is just another distortion, among many deformations, to the so-called "Sins of Consummation". Please note that actor (Bill Talen) "Reverend Billy" is nothing but a bureaucrat against "the sins of consumerism." Maybe we would like to ask questions such as: What does Reverend Billy do for a living? How does he make his money? Does he earn from his "tax-deductible" organization? How do Internal Reasons justify a "tax-deductible" church or organization? Everyone knows that Christmas is commercialized but provides one day all year in which people have the opportunity to be charitable, and allows a considerable number of people to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone has no time to spend time with their families, friends or extended families. But holidays and holidays have a chance and opportunity for people. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but with persistence Americans have always made it very difficult. And even in times of dispute, America has proven to be the largest country in the world. This happens when Americans pull together and unite, rather than separate and separate. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but Americans will have to return small businesses along with ethics to take care of the people living in our communities. Yes, globalization has brought us a share of the problem, but Americans will accept to bring production back to America. Americans and the US government have to learn how to stay in the budget, no matter how big or small it can be, and we must stop our credit dependency. Our excessive reliance on credit will bring and keep us poor, from cradle to grave. It is important to buy - but if you buy less, we rely less on credit. And if we can save even a small amount of money, we'll have money on a rainy day. Do not say that we get the same share of wealth as Americans. Wealth is not guaranteed and has never been guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a few percent of Americans hold most of America's wealth. There is a good proximity that you or I can achieve in the upper, middle class. And who knows what can happen from here? Be positive, work hard - and at least you and I will be able to at least achieve some (if not all) of our dreams. Nothing is guaranteed in life, but we always have what we can achieve. And if you do not have dreams, we could be dead. In America there is always space for lots of hope and dreams. As individuals we are part of the package, but we can always become the package leader. <br /> <br /> I have always been my experience that churches and religions offer nothing more than more deformities, but I pay dignity and respect people with other beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. But as far as the deformations expressed in this film are concerned, I have no faith in such convictions, values ​​and perspectives. I'm filming this movie with one of ten - but in all honesty and truth this film deserves zero. This movie has no integrity and I can not recommend it.
