What happened? These were the first words that came to my mind after this terrible film ended the first and last time on the computer screen. The nightmare on Elm Street rose noticeably downhill after the first film was classical, but I doubt anyone expected this terrible aberration. No one expected this cosmic joke from the movie, and none of them is more upset than I am. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst film ANOES of the lottery. It does not seem to be too bad at first, with a really spooky intro and somewhat extended shower scene featuring Alice. But then we came down at the bottom right corner with a bad actress and a mixed sequence of events. I mean, Freddy's films are supposed to be dreamy and creepy, but this is like a train-wreck in his bad sequence of events and a terrible set of plot. They feel like you're going down with a terrible headache, not like you're afraid. So overhead completely fails. None of tense and well-made horrors of the previous sequel is not here and even death scenes are mostly nepudnutelné and sad (death especially food), but one cool scene that is created as a comic battle. That's why this movie gets a point. Story ... lame, lame, lame, LAME. It was an excuse for the rough men to go out and make the MPAA go mad, and nothing more. For acting ... should I mention how Freddy turned into a childish clown? How did his reborn scene make him look like a monster of a 7-year horror book instead of a murderous dream and a dreadful dream that we have known and forgiven since the first film? That hand waved and smiled foolishly when he reappeared ... ugh. And his one lining. Throughout the movie, suck. Poorly. A classy schoolboy could come up with more fun things than Freddy's vomit will show for 90 minutes. Hell, the chimpanzee could come up with much more fun lines than what Freddy said. Who wrote this script? This film is also really irritating. It seems so unnecessary. Just like a whip that buzzes around your head, a hat that just will not go away. Freddy is just anger. We've seen him so many times before. This is nothing but a lot of time you just want to take away your terrible lines and get out of the TV screen. Alice, instead of brooding and silent girls from the last film, seems uncomfortable and very shallow, and this is of course due to the terrible, terrible scenario which has been the featured film. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor, and sometimes there are shards, but he can not save the film. Other actors just suck, mostly. The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this movie are terrible and embarrassing. I hope Englund is ashamed of it. Who wants to see Freddy running like a mutated gorilla with his legs out and laughing like a cartoonist? This movie destroyed something positive about what I felt in the Nightmare series. I could never watch them without this picture going through my head; from the broken cartoon of the abomination that Krueger had become. It slowly became a joke, retarded by the pop culture icon, but it is the lowest of the lowest. It is a rock bottom. No one will ever be Freddy Krueger seriously to see this movie again. It's just a joke, a clown that has long been postponed to retire. Pathetic. Of all the films I could hate, why should it be a nightmare on Elm St, the series I once loved and liked a lot? Dream Baby is the death of a legend and the breaking of any hope I had in Nightmare on Elm St. Freddy would have continued its downward spiral into a state clown in the next installment, Freddy's Dead (which was more fun than it was actually), and then continued reductions mood in Freddy vs. Jason, and eventually he think this is mostly an argument about why Freddy is getting worried, but this movie is overall, horrible and one of the worst movies ever shot. It is not recommended to anyone and even ANOES finishers do not want to see it again.
