I'm still trying to determine if the previous installment was worse than the one or vice versa. Since I have seen this film since then for almost fifteen years, the fact that I remember so little about it does not believe well. Maybe it's just because I've watched it once or twice, but I doubt it. If something about this movie could be remembered, you can be sure I remember it. By the time this movie was released, franchising still entered its dying phase, was assigned to it. It's never a good sign when teenie pop magazines contain an explanation of the grounds of the land. One such article had to explain that Freddy was too weak to pollute the dreams of grown-ups, so he decided to go after Alina's unborn son. Meanwhile, so good, but it's the work of a writer or director to explain the audience. It should not be left to any unrelated publication. By exploiting the triviality described in Part Three of Freddy's concept, one could expect half the scenes that would raise the joke from the "horror story for the infant", but unfortunately it was not. It's just the idiocy of the American rating system that a piece of B'harni-esque garbage like this one could get the same rating as a really scary piece like the original one. By this time, the franchise could not attract someone with an active career. Fortunately, or unfortunately, according to how you look at it, Lisa Wilcox was to provide a quotient of competent acting. Or maybe he seems competent compared to the rest of the cast. Either way, since her last role was in The All New Adventures of Chastity Blade, I doubt she really does something for her. Even poor old Robert Englund was in better productions than in the past fifteen years. Since the payout was in constant decline, and not just for this franchise agreement, they thought the studios realized that casting their films does not mean they are more tradable. In fact, this particular film, as well as its immediate predecessor, was so castrated that it not only failed to attract new audiences, but also managed to alienate the basic audience that originally supported the franchise. In spite of that, part five must be valued for not having a clear, luminescent feeling that made four so insulting that he looked at it. I gave the Nightmare on Elm street 5th part one out of ten. By trying to appeal to everyone or the MPAA idea of ​​everything, it will succeed anybody. Like two and four parts, it could be completely erased from continuity and no one would notice.
