That's stupid ... total stupidity. I can not believe that any society could even get people to work on such a movie. Full Moon has a lot of terrible movies, but it must be the worst. First, the storyline does not exist. It's weird. It's like, they have accepted the idea of ​​a story, and the species has never really gotten around to develop it. They seemed unnecessarily wasting time off shooting while two "heroes" were driving around the desert, and Bradbury talked about nonsense for about 10 minutes. There are two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy ride and when Dez and Bradbury go), where it just went on and on ... it was almost like 2 music videos at a place where there should be some dialogue or action. They were only about 5 minutes away, with music and scenes of the surrounding countryside. <br /> <br /> We're going to go to acting, which is just horrible. First, the girl who plays Dazzy is just an animal. She's so scary, I wanted to see her on the screen! Terrible casting. Then you have that guy who played Dez who could not act if his life depended on him. His "crying" is really fun and his madness is even more fun. The guy who plays in the office is just as bad as the guy playing Bradbury. It was not any acting that deserves any recognition in this film. <br /> <br /> Effects of makeup ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? The "effects" were so fake, they were ridiculous. A crazy little robot looking at a thing is about to cut off, and when he comes back, that guy has a totally false face shot. Nice. Exhausted money from makeup budget or what ?! I have to call a druggie cat who is in a girl's apartment ... a nice make-up there too. I think they are going to look at the drugs, and I think they should have a black guy, but it looked like a cheap zombie makeup for halloween. This movie is horrible from the start. The story is stupid and very, very non-original, the direction looks the way it was done by the decade, the acting is the lowest of the low, and so on. GETTING STARTED from this movie at any cost. It's just 70 minutes long and at least 20 minutes, it's taken over by music and without the dialogue or character sitting in the hotel. Do not waste time on this waste.
