"Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Crime" is the third installment of Gabriel Knight, a series of adventure games about crazy writer / paranormal detective Gabriel Knight. Gabriel and his companion, Grace, were asked by Prince James of Albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks of "Night Visitors". When Prince James's son is kidnapped, Gabriel chases night-time visitors to Rennes le Ch창teau, where he begins to unite the mystery of the holy grail. In spite of marketing, this game does not concern vampires. Vampires have a symbolic look in the game, but they are never in the middle of the theater, just like the voodoo hounfor in "Father's sins" or werewolves in "Beyond inside". Gabriel and Grace do not attempt to reveal the true nature of the vampires or to explore the tradition of vampires. Although vampires murder three people during the game, their victims are randomly selected and have nothing to do with the main conspiracy. The great part of the spell of the first two Gabriel Knights was in the relationships that Gabriel formed with the villains. Through these relationships the player could not help, but compassion with the villain, so the villain turned into a man more and less a monster. However, in "Blood of the Sacred," Gabriel's only interaction with the villain is through a single conversation that does nothing to play thieves. <br /> <br /> The tasks played by Gabriel and Grace in this mystery are quite in vain. Gabriel spends his time as he endures in the identities of a group of tourists staying at his hotel, but what he discovers is not just red tracking. Grace spends time exploring the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau, but all her research is useless due to the presence of a confused ally who, over the centuries, knew the answer to this mystery. The actions of this confused ally and its polar opposite - leader of vampires --- are imperceptible. The ally tells the secret of Rennes le Ch창teau in bright daylight and expects them to find Grace (and not the other treasure hunters on the tour). He could, however, reveal Grace's secret in full on Day 1, instead of putting the abducted child at risk for another 48 hours. And finally, just tells Grace the secret as a whole. Meanwhile, the vampire leader is unable to achieve the goals of centuries of confusion because he has decided to abandon the action two days after kidnapping the child. The only reason for his decision to postpone the event is that he wants to enjoy his victory. The game would be much better if it was purely focused on the holy grail. Hijackers and vampires should be omitted, replaced by a race against the Vatican to uncover the secrets of Rennes le Ch창teau. Given that Gabriel is portrayed more than once as reluctantly Catholic, this conflict would have many opportunities for character development. Overall, the game was unsatisfactory, despite the better interface and the return of Tim Curry as Gabriel Knight's voice.
