SPOILERS: I'm always surprised at how many people gave this game a good review. It was terrible. The screenplay and voice itself ruins. Gabriel and Grace are the most unlikely characters in the game. You almost pray for their death. And the worst is that there are fewer vampires in the game than werewolves in Beast Within. The lack of real vampires was an incredible disappointment. If you're expecting some kind of vampire story in Anne Rice's style, forget it. The story of this game has little to do with vampires. You will not see it at all until the end, and even then you will not fight them. The story has radical and somewhat rampant views on Christianity. I'm overwhelmed to get out of the board. I'm not a Christian, and I find it offensive. Mostly the story focuses on finding the Holy Grail and the buried treasure. The kidnapping of the royal child that was to be targeted is really cast aside. There is no sense of urgency for Gabriel to find a child. Actually, after the first few blocks, he almost never asks for a child. The graphics are pretty bad. The characters are moving at noisy pace even on the best systems. They are dense and obsolete. And it's hard to get out of FMV The Beast Within on this terrible game engine for Blood of the Sacred. The relationship between Gabriel and Grace is also terrible. I really do not know why it hurried so much, but they slept together. And that's not fun. Gabriel spends most of the game telling her best friend Moselle how she thinks that Grace is more of a sister and does not think she's the only one. And it seems he's complicated to sleep together. But it's so unbeatable throughout the game that he does not even care about that moment. His dialogue was the worst in the game. And he was constantly making silly sexual coercion on anything in the whole game. By the end of the game Grace leaves him what seems to be a letter to Dear John. I think she was as tied to him as most players. <br /> <br /> I found the story unpleasant and boring. I expected to play the story of the royal baby the vampires had kidnapped. And I expected to see and fight the vampires, maybe even Gabriel or Grace would turn into one. But not. Instead, the story focused on the narrative of the author's vision of Christianity. What a shame. Here they had elements for a great adventure, and instead we got it. <br /> <br /> The only interesting parts of the game for me were really at the very end. In the end we have some action-style puzzles. But it is not worth the whole game to get to them. <br /> <br /> I can not really recommend this game. I got back when it came out years ago, and I hated the gaming engine enough to put it down for years. Only recently did I blew him to see what I missed. And now I'm really sorry I did it. My favorite characters have been destroyed. I hope it will be the fourth game just to redeem the series. And I hope he'll be back next time. It would be a pity to end the series with this installment.
