I do not know where to start, so I start with a snippet from the back of the film's cover. "Alive combines the tension of Vincenzo Natali's bones with Kitamura's Versus." I did not see Versus, so I can not comment on it, but I think Cube is a great movie I recommend to everyone. In this case, however, someone clearly confused "tension" with "boredom". I just go on and ruin the whole conspiracy, because besides being a holy Swiss cheese conspiracy, it's also moldy cheese and movies are not worth spending time, even if you do not know the plot in advance, so it does not matter. If I did not understand the conspirator, do not keep me - it's probably because I had to keep my eyelids open. So the US Army in Nevada once lost the UFO and the Nambi desert. This obviously makes sense because they are both deserts, so they are practically the same place. Different continents or not. The monkey got into the UFO and got something of a stranger who was handed over to a Japanese researcher who had to eat a monkey to survive in the desert. It does not matter. An alien is now passed on to anyone who is "bloodthirsty" to kill the current host. The Japanese army wants to use it for military affairs, so they decide to go from the current host (the researcher's daughter) to some other dude. But instead of picking someone from an army that is full of people who are bloodthirsty and already on the side of the army, they decide it's probably a good idea to choose instead a criminal from death. And the reason he chose this criminality from this death penalty is that he was the first person in history to have died out of fatal electric shock, a standard method of execution because everyone is dying of the placebo effect. I do not know if they are doing it so they can giggle in the staff room as everyone dies, even if it is not deadly, or if they just want to cut their electricity bill. will change to what the Matrix would be if it was really lame and superfluous fighting makes us crazy for tears for what it feels like an hour. And oh wait, they now remember that they already had a guy who had been infected with extraterrestrial things, so the whole movie up to this moment was really a waste of time and human lives. Then they all die. End. <br /> <br /> The only moment in the movie that I did not want to go away and sleep or eat a sandwich instead was when the boy was attached to the wall through a pipe through his chest and he hangs up there and another guy walks around. The dude hanging on the wall says, "I'm in pain, he's shot me." And the living guy looks at him and it's not like he's a guy or something, so he really looks sorry and he does not want the guy on the wall to suffer. So he'll shoot him. <br /> <br /> (Rhetorical pause.) <br /> <br /> In the stomach. "Hey, thank you for the fryak."
