The tragedy is that this piece of waste was part of my curriculum while I was studying the cinema. Imagine how I was forced to watch it completely. Trust me to go through hell, it's much easier. Our professor told us it was a movie, but he never thought we would disagree or accept it. I do not think there are any gods in the world, we are just people, so all the creators, so they can make mistakes, bad movies or even very bad. The main problem was not that art is in any case prone to endless opinions, but that many people simply can not believe that every person has their own authentic taste, their own opinion, and therefore what I suppose the greatest film ever created , it may be your worst and how it works, but how many people can understand it correctly? So my professor believes in this movie and I just do not. The only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure it with its original intention of showing us different kinds of old folk tales or anything that is about the mentality, imagination and nature of this society. To tell you the truth, Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as a screenwriter and director did not like the first place. The film is UGLY. I can not stand it, so how to analyze it, then discover the potential beauty in it! This is a sneak peek at you and strangely not because of a movie or anything, it's because of an unstable vision (Pasolini). His work is so primitive that he is not well developed. Deadly kinematic technique, an effective sense of sinfulness, and incredible horror did all of it unpleasant. Look at the crazy acting, the barren cinema, the terribly poor ensembles ... Oh my GOD I'm sick now. It can put an end to objectivity, because watching this movie is one true pain, like taking a tooth of wisdom from a blind doctor. There are terrible nightmares that might be more merciful than this. So, originally, how do you go on, just to examine it fairly? Actually no. Because this movie does not interest you at all. There is a really unforgettable scene where some boys are fascinated by the eye of the camera (!) I try to connect some things like Pasolini end up being murdered.
