Pier Paolo Pasolini or Pee-pee-pee, how I want to call him (because of his love to show the male sex organs) is perhaps the most overrated European Marxist director - and they are strong on earth. How can anyone see "art" in this dirty, cheap sex-romp preparation is behind me. Some of the "stories" could come from the fine porn movies here, and I'm not talking about the nudge, but about the simpler and banal, often unnecessary stories. Anyone who enjoyed this rather alert but stupid wonder should really get their teeth into the "Der Schulmaedchenreport" movie series of German 70s because it looks like "Decameron". <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> In addition, the film is skeptical at almost all levels, from beginning to end: <br /> <br /> 1. Edit. Example: in 1 hour: 15 minutes: 45 seconds is a scene that gets very clearly into the wrong place. It should be located about a minute later, but I think Pasolini had to hire discarded editors who do not have time for the "fine details" of making movies. Pee-pee-pee fans would probably solve it by saying that it was deliberately placed there - which I very much doubt. Moreover, even if it were true, it would be even worse, because that story did not get anything, which would be harder to follow. (This is not exactly "Eraserhead" or one of Tarantino's broken movies ...) <br /> <br /> 2. Acting. Very careless. Triple Pee fans (all 8) proudly claim that 3P-O uses "real people instead of actors." Are not they actors? Or are they martians? Surely, many actors have sub-par IQs, but that means we should treat them with contempt ...?) Other directors used amateurs and succeeded (for example, Alan Parker or De Niro), so why amateur PPPs are so awful in your movies? The answer is once again terrifying. Pasolini is immaculate in everything, and it involves trying to get as much of his toothless as amateur as he can. He is a lazy director, IMperfectista, if you like. Anti-Kubrick, I think ... The main goal of Pee-pee-pee is to find as much carefree old people as possible (and young men who will like it). There is a simple formula in Pasolini's world: toothlessness + strange face = realism. It's all fine and cool to keep it out of teeth, but at least try to find out at least half of the good performances from these inexperienced neo-thespian, otherwise you are an amateur-amateur director in the case of Pasolini. Whether 3P-0 was unable to do this or simply did not change anything. (Who knows ... maybe he did not even notice terrible acting?) 3. Sound. Synchronization. If 3P-0 thinks he has too much trouble making a movie, he should have at least a post-communist effort, to get all these plotting actors, so the audience would not have to look at how the mouth moves while the elusive dialogue floats elsewhere in the movie. <br /> <br /> 4. Lack of Concept. We have almost a dozen stories that are not connected in any meaningful way. Some of them are anti-Christian (more about it later), while some are just sex yarns, that is, cheap male (sometimes gay) fantasies that are meant to be irritable and nothing else. Stories and characters are not fun (if ever) at an intelligent level, but at the lowest level. 10-year-old kids can laugh there ... And there's nothing wrong with that, but then do not call it an elevated, intellectual art! <br /> <br /> 5. The result of point 4 is also the lack of logic in stories. Of course. Pee-pee-pee would otherwise order and we should have the same movie. It also means you can feel free to start from the middle, then go back to the beginning, etc. "Decameron" is like a bowl of spaghetti like this: when you start eating, you can start with any fiber you want, it makes no difference at all. <br /> <br /> 6. Unnecessary story resolution. Most stories end with a left gag / joke, ie some damn stupid punch directly from the porn comics, while some stories do not even conclude: it just ends. Finito. At best, the stories are observable polo anecdotes, hardly any deeper meaning - unless you find porn in "deep" meanings. Of course, there is nothing easier than to look for and find "sense" where it is missing. Therefore, any hardcore pornographic film can be infinitely philosophical / thoughtful. It's easy and fun. Try it out, oh 8 fans of PPP! <br /> <br /> As for church struggle ... Some viewers are enthusiastic about their attack on Catholicism and what not. Basically, everything is all right and fine - after all, I am an atheist myself - but what these people ignore is a simple but fundamental fact that Pasolini was a Marxist. It's like a pot that calls the black boiler. Does Marxist criticize the Church for hypocrisy and stupidity? Where's the nerve? In addition, Pasolini was not an atheist, and therefore his high-power and self-esteem attitude is not justified. After all, Marxists are believers: it is enough just to replace the accepted God with the idea of ​​utopia, which is just another supernatural godly thought. Therefore, I can not excite the anti-religion. This sophomorical anthropology of humpdorama ends when Pasolini says hard: "I wonder ... Why make a piece of art when it's nice just about dreaming it?" In fact, he did not mention this silly little film as art, was it ...? If it was - a poor guy who is going crazy - then I have to wonder why he just does not leave in the dreams and I DO NOT KNOW all the bad movies ... Do I want to read my altered titles Bergman movies? Write me an email.
