Yeah, I "get" Pasolini and his environment, but at the same time I feel that his "Decameron" is considerably overvalued and more than a bit worrying. Re-evaluated because the assumed "realism" that represents (fake crowd, broken architecture, etc.) is motivated by the absurd and utterly unpleasant manner in which characters behave. In the pursuit of realism, Pasolini used many non-actors, but their views of the deer behind the scenes and the painful delivery of the garbage gives the whole a terribly extraordinary and inconsistent feeling. And frankly - many dental people who are horrified are painful. Pasolini's "Decameron" is disturbing (at least for me) due to the informal and predominant content of homosexuals. Not because I am violent or homophobic (I am not), but because Pasolini's emphasis on homoerotic images and situations is in contradiction with the neo-realism he otherwise holds, and is therefore unreasonable and forced. One can almost hear how he says "Ooh - I have to keep a cute naked boy in this scene!" At times, Pasolini seems to be trying to play a homosexual angle to wear his thumbs to critics, and sometimes because he uses this aspect himself, no matter what his audience would prefer. <br /> <br /> The disconnect from 9 or 10 different stories in Pasolini's "Decameron" seemed like Pasolini's failure as a story, rather than as an aspect of neorealism. He seems to be bored with every story, and so bothers them quite unconvincingly and with little conviction. Even Pasolini's last line of dialogue in the movie, which some people seem to disgust ("Why create an artwork when she dreamed about it is so much sweeter?") - I wonder why Pasolini would bother the film if he felt like this? In my opinion, Fellini's film "Satyricon" is a much better-processed film (and with more homosexual content). He is also full of bizarre looking people and absurd situations, but he successfully passes through his pace, direction, and storyline, while "Decameron" fails with these elements.
