I like good, slow-moving drama. Christmas In August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare from her Bachelors, Way Home, Spring in a Small City, Hana Bi, Eating Men's Woman, Dolls, Mood for Love and Spring Summer Spring Winter Spring Are All Pleasant Movies? just a few names. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately there is a subset of films in a drama genre that tries to ride coattails of good movies while providing nothing of interest to themselves. Is that what I call IAN movies? "Incomprehensible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenus, and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, it is a crème de la crème of infected garbage under the guise of "art". People are walking around their flats, drinking water, going back and forth, waiting for free phone calls, swiming posters, joining papers together, going to the bathroom, going, doing rings, having sex, mosquitoing, etc., when I do not say it is about an accurate overview of the whole movie, which is an essential posterchild for meaningless art baskets. There is no conspiracy, no plot, no interesting or remarkable events, no emotions, no meaningful dialogue, and what is most important? no drama. <br /> <br /> The most mysterious scenes have two people "banging" on the bed with a person masturbating under the mattress? ironic, that it is also totally tasteless and unreasonable. The relationship of the characters on the bed practically does not exist. Tsai apparently did not feel the audience told anything about these people other than the obvious fact that they liked "bang". The person under the bed is just one-dimensional and uninteresting. She likes to drink water, makeup with melons and stroke alone. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development". It's a really bad "entertainer". The full benefit of Tsai in Vive L'Amour is perhaps the worst scene in the history of film art. He first shows the main actress going all the way from one end of the park to another for 285 consecutive seconds just to show her cry hysterically? for absolutely no reason at all? after another 356 consecutive seconds. The movie suddenly ends. No point. No fun. Only pure, focused torture caused by the viewer. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to defeat the dead horse. The basic theme of loneliness is that the only true feeling of this film is boring. In fact Kiyoshi Kurosawa provides a much better interpretation of loneliness in his horror film Kairo. And guess what? It's really INTEREST! The film moved slowly as molasses in January, but there are better ways to deal with the concept of loneliness than the total waste known as Vive L'Amour. Kairo is a perfect example of this. Cinema fans can thank Tsai Ming-liang for directing this film because he has provided irrefutable proof that the art cinema can be as badly created as B-stage, television horror movements. Artistic snobs have officially lost their own pedestals today. The quality of your precious genre now overlaps movies like the Dark Army and ?? sigh! ??? Showgirls. How do you like apples?
