For me an unsatisfactory, unconvincing robbery. With the casting of A-List, especially with three leading and experienced directors like Spike Lee, I waited a lot more and finally felt that what was added added little to this movie genre. In the beginning, I did not like the movie, and started with a friend of Clive Owen at a camera that unnecessarily repeated at the end, then hired a narrative story with confusing people, not to say unrealistic seeming witness interviews, and then find out that you jumped into scenes that you started earlier. Of course, working with the camera is fluid, constantly moving, and the camera features lots of hands, but director Lee can not deliver excitement or tension, basically falling apart by not making any of the key protagonists in the movie. Denzel Washington is thirty-five years previously weighed with clothing and filthy talk about Shaft (he even has that "no one understands it but his wife" is going on, full of his "hot" girlfriend, feeding her with some unnecessary gross and inappropriate "dirty" talk), and his mild riff with Will Defoe (in almost a small part) raises a little ripple. Clive Owens plays his character with a strong English accent, although we believe the gang is Arabic and also prevents it from playing 90% of the film with a face mask. Jodie Foster adds another to her patented tiny, ice girl with a bra, and Clarice Starling becomes a well-connected financial hunting hunter. Overall, it's a real mish-mash of the movie with the light, but the obvious twist at the end, in fact the title gives it from the beginning spoilers of the spoiler. The worst scene (undoubtedly) is undoubtedly Washington's interview, unbelievably, with an eight-year-old street-kid, though Owen's dialogue with the same children's minutes soon ended up embarrassed. During the film in jokes, links to characters are based on classic heist films such as "Serpico" and "Dog Day Afternoon" - but there is no honor in self-esteem. More like "The Hot Rock" instead ... and even it was good for a few laughs.
