No film with Madeleine Carroll in his cast might not be illegal. Still, I have to add that this British film is approaching. The story takes place on board the "SS Atlantic" and is freely based on an unfinished journey "Titanic". The word "inconquerable" is spoken, the pad has an iceberg, and we hear that the heavenly choir sings "Closer My God to You". Occupy passengers eventually take over an anthem, in clever work. But the year of the film's release (1929) means that a modern viewer must accept an otherwise primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of silent films and scenes. These are no problems. The biggest film defect is in motion and the stimulation was quietly well developed. However, if the dialogue was delivered at a realistic pace, the time of the film would be reduced by half. The intended effect was drama (and clarity in the new medium), but the result is unfortunate now difficult. The structure of the film is absurdly illogical and awkward. Paradoxically, I found some details about modifying completely modern techniques: fine, sudden cuts from one area of ​​the boat to the other, sometimes even sound effects. Although we have been on board the "Atlantic" since the first shot, before we discovered this fact, we were in the film for well over 4 minutes. There are long, disturbing music passes of the dance orchestra of the ship. (Funny, easy sound.) Personal stories are presented totally uninteresting and unconvincing. Do not even think about the spectacle. Berg is a small thing and the external damage that causes the hull is a smaller dent. However, the scenes of the passengers that hit the lifeboats - clearly arranged on a real ship, probably tied to the dock - cause great excitement. Other than the famous Miss Carroll, these sequences are the only highlights of the film. As a movie and a boat near their end, the screen goes completely black several times when the generators start to fail. Their last, everlasting blackout is the end of the movie, on which the sun sets / sunrise, a clumsy symbolic effect. Atlantic is a cinematic curiosity. The best. <br /> <br />
