I'm a film producer at Wright State University in Ohio and I missed yesterday the opportunity to watch this painful film in the classroom. Our professor informed us that it would be very fun for us, but the reason we followed him was that it was one of the first soundtracks - a complete disaster. The problem with the early sound of movies was that Hollywood actors only knew how to make silent movies and that they were not memorable. So producers and directors would look at the scene to get actors. It sounds like a great idea, is not it? This type of acting on the stage is not very appealing on the film. Most actors in the "Atlantic" look and sound as if they were playing in the game, which made them laugh excessively. Another limitation of the early sound film was the microphone technology. You could not move like today, you had to hold them static or raise the sound of the air that was moving. In this scene, one microphone is usually used. In one particular scene is the man standing at the table. Someone to go directly to him and deliver his line, then leave. Behind him, another actor appears, delivers his line and then leaves. It goes on like that for some other people. Of course, the microphone is right for a man at the table, causing a ridiculous gambling carousel. <br /> <br /> These are just technical issues. If you get into the story and direction, it gets even worse. The story is a fictitious description of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and unnecessary. The "story" that a man cheats on his wife and teenage daughter does not have a place in the movie. It's hardly solved and lets you wonder why it was the first place. A poor attempt at a high-rung, actors take long, pregnant pauses between lines many times. It's tiring and you can not wait for a 90-minute movie (at least 180 movies) to get on. We will not talk much about this issue of racism in our country, but it really offended me that there are only two blacks in the film and they are portrayed as animals. They both tried to get into one of the lifeboats around women and children. They were ordered to stop or were shot, and, of course, they were not shot. I was horrified. I give this movie 2/10. I would give him 1/10 (the lowest possible rating), but I gave him another point just because it was one of the first sound films and I tried in the context. To see a good soundtrack, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "riot", which came out in 1929. You will find that the best directors immediately adapt to new technology.
