This is a silly movie. Maybe my judgment will not be so harsh if he did not promise the movie, but I just felt that he was cheating on this film and playing me crazy at every step. any beef with the actor, but I thought the characters were terrible. The film begins with the character of Clive Owen, who tells us what a criminal is and how he planned a perfect bank robbery, something he often remembers later. And yes, he also tells us he's in the prison cell, even if it turns out to be a stupid metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where it could happen that the minimum number of things is wrong, and you are long gone before the police appear. Clive Owen's scheme, however, requires them to hang on the bank for hours - for no reason, but just to collapse around her and look scary if I can tell. He must also take hostage, negotiate with the cops, and, most of all, out of all, work in this old house in the bank's warehouse and hide there for a week (I hope he brought enough food and a bucket) and then slip out again. Yeah, that sounds like a perfect crime, Clive! This plan has so many movable parts that the only reason he did not fall apart was that scenario he said. And then there are many inexplicable details: Why were the police so convinced that the scammers had accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is Jodie Foster's character and why is it so important that the mayor is in her place and she calls and she does not have to call Denzel Washington's program because she's "above his salary scale?" How stupid are the cops that they can not figure out that one person who speaks in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang that plans a robbery? How did thieves disappear and why did Clive Owen cover the week? How did they know about the bank chairman's past and the number and contents of his safe? Why the hell did Clive Owen leave at Jodie Foster or the cops? Since when do they produce AK-47 to look really close? How the hell are you missing the pizza box? How did Clive Owen manage to slip out of the safe part of the bank during business hours, did she find out? Did this hateful criminal seem to feel that this cop Denzel, who slipped through his diamond, got enough of his ties? None of these questions is always answered. There are movies that reach depth by letting you think about events that happen outside of the screen, but I've never felt about Inside Man. It seemed to me that the scenes that explained that these things had been cut out of the film, or those questions never had any answers, and that is a weak one. Especially uncomfortable is the character of Jodie Foster, who does not know what she is doing, but she never seems to like to remind her how important she is. I think we should call her word. The only reason I made this film with two stars is that I laughed at Denzel's "taxi taxi" and "pina colada" gags and a child's unintentional video game. In addition, this movie has no redeemed features.
