My wife and I found this film very unsatisfactory. While you're interested in it and busy wondering what's going on when you leave theater, there are too many free ends that make no sense at all. (SPOILERS AHEAD) Christopher Plummer, an extremely wealthy head of NY Bank, has a terrible hidden secret. Profit from World War II is occupied by the Nazis, hiding prey stolen from the Jews, retaining evidence (including diamonds and Nazi swastika papers) in the vault at his bank. Why? If he wants it never to be revealed, why did not he burn and destroy the documents years ago? And diamonds? It is obvious he does not need them - why are they left to get rid of them? How did his secrets be discovered by bank robbers? How did they find out that this safe box # 232? Ace Detective Denzel Washington also found that bank records show that SD boxes are not 231 and 233, but not # 232. Curious. He carefully took the time to somehow perform an exhaustive search for bank records to reveal this one curious fact. All the time, they are dealing with red hot hostages and bankers who are in danger of running for a moment. Wow! Talk about the super powers for the detective. Bank robbers leave millions of dollars in free currency in the repository they opened. They only receive the contents of SD Box # 232, seemingly to blackmail the President of the bank. This rejects any rational attempt to logically explain what describes the film as a criminal clergyman, or for his followers with smaller brains. Jodie Foster, using her political ties with the Mayor of NYC, gets permission to enter a bank that is under the control of bank robbers while holding many hostages. It offers the chief bank robber an agreement on the redemption of documents that he has in his hand but is not interested. My wife was offended by the arrogance of all the players, Christopher Plummer (bank president), Denzel Washington (ace detective) and Jodie Foster, a crack shooter problem for high performance issues. The last Jodie Foster movie, which I saw, "The Flight Plan," was also full of holes that did not make any sense. I thought I liked Jodie Foster, but I probably avoided her future film. Now my problem is that I can rarely convince my wife to go to the cinema. I can not disagree with her ... "WASTE OF WEDDING AND TIME RESPONSE." Be warned in advance. Well-created film, fine actors, miserable scriptwriting.
