Film: There are some very interesting comments on IMDb about this movie. It's really terrible. There's not enough money spent on movies, and the way Spike Lee did it seems to be a combination of indie film and action movie. Characters / Actor: Denzel did "exactly" what he does in every movie, so no surprise. Here's a little thought game for the reader. Quickly think about 10 Denzel movies. Now you can count on how many of them played a cop / detective / bodyguard, anything. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on the plate. His best performance was that at "Beyond Borders". Besides, he did almost the same thing he did in each movie as well. His tone and way of speaking was very similar to what he did in "Sin City". Surely the guy knows he is acting, what he does not know is a better way of choosing roles. Desperately needs a better agent. Jodie Foster has been great in the movie if you watch her for the first time in her life. She did better. She had a better role. It happens in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall on their knees and choose the role in the low classes Jody Foster has done in this film. Plot: The story was not confused, in fact, I could think of such a plot, in fact, the whole movie, and at the same time chose a dump after a nice big Chinese dinner. I think, come on, **** SPOILER ON THE WAY ----> I'm sick of unnecessary Haulocast and racist tokens. The film is about bank thieves, why did Haulocast and racism appear, try to play with human emotions, work with someone? I DO NOT. Did the cops have bank robbers think they are hostages? Riiiiiiight, we are talking about US police force and security. No one could find out where Clive is, I think they did not find anything else in this room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Sure, go for this movie, if nothing, you will have a nice time when you talk about how bad a movie is. At least people will not think you are silly when you want to watch this movie because they would think you were going to watch it because it has a big star cast "MISTAKE".
