I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work, and I came to the conclusion that he had the talent for action. Scenes are kinetic and fast, often combining elements of martial arts, weapons, and Samurai fighting with a camera that effectively capture a massacre on the screen. With "Versus" and "Aragami" Kitamura proved that creativity and showed that his more than able to work with a low budget. So what happened in the "live"? To make it more obtuse, the answer would be - nothing. Nothing happened in "Alive" it was two hours plus a movie with little to no action and little to no characters and plot. Adapted from the comic Tsutom Takahashi "Alive" is examining the life of one Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki), a convicted death who survives his execution. He then has the choice to either repeat the execution or undergo a bizarre series of experiments. He chooses the other and soon afterwards he is placed in the room along with the violent and later with the girl infected with a strange parasite that in exchange for the host humanity gives supernatural powers. Naturally at some point when this parasite moves to Yashiro, the wrong thing is that it does not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Like "Aragami", "Alive" sets its first half when composing a basic exposure. The characters are built, their motivation is set, and the relationships are uncovered. The whole thing even takes place in one set. The first serious problem with this comparison is that while "Aragami" was just a 70 minute film, "Alive" stretches for more than two hours, so the first part lasts for over an hour. This length could be justifiable if the characters were a little more interesting, but unfortunately it is not. The dialogue is dry, monotonous, delivered without any sense of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There have been some little attempts to make Alive a bit morally ambiguous, but in the end everyone has come to terms with classics: bad government people against, a super-powered protagonist who, yes, you guessed it, finally rescues a girl. Just like I said before, the whole movie is taking place on just one set, and after two hours bored, the worse was that the script itself was not even interesting without improving the other aspects of the film. Now, at the end of the first part, one might think that Kitamura at least has created some fun scenes to invent a boring beginning. Unfortunately, it is not. The only two battles are actually rehashes of similar matches from Hollywood movies, complete with ball effects and psychological effects. They are simply interesting or entertaining, Kitamurova's "Versus" creativity is gone, the small set even limits his very impressive work with the camera and everything comes back to generic and expected fighting, to shame really. Apparently "Aragami" was better on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So it was not at all a complete loss of watching this movie. If you only understand the bugs, how to fix them and create a better fun movie.
