It seems to me that the name "Bachman" by Stephen King was a way of disposing of some of the deadliest, rave and most modern things he wanted to write without "contamination" of his "brand". If you look back at the book "Bachman Books" (Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner), you will find that they have a burnished atmosphere of hopelessness and hopelessness that is different from the King. I realize we're talking about a guy whose first novel was a humiliated, bloody, emotionally crippled, teenage girl who killed everybody in high school ... but the main King always has characters and portrays elements that ferment a little bit and usually end , which offer at least a look at the hope and feelings of a person. Bachman's books are simple and always end up wrong. (BTW, "Pet Semmen") could easily have been Bachman's book if the King had not found the alias since then, and "The Dark Half" seems to be at least partly about his "Bachman" person.) Thinner "was Bachman's last book and man, with his subjects of class warfare, vengeance and death of starvation, it is disgusting. So it should not be a surprise that the film follows. <br /> <br /> What is surprising that the adaptation seems to be shot at the talent level of "TV film of the week" instead of something worthy of the theatrical release. (These days, something like that could get right on a DVD or cable). Makeup work and a striking motif (starving to death in the midst of abundance, a metaphor over a crowded, subdued American middle class, if anyone ever existed) is all that leads you to watching this wreck. <br /> <br /> What happened? My first idea is that the director is about to get Bachman's unpleasant atmosphere, but he has also exhausted all the interest in the film with bad casting possibilities - actors here (except for Joe Monetegny) simply can not wear a movie. And then he lifted warmth and life from the rest of the film with an unpleasant stimulus and scenic structure. Moreover, he could not leave the fence himself, and his changes did not really help. Scenario and dialogue should work, but the film lies right there. Everything is muted, boring, airless, and no fun to watch ... with a living exception to the share of the main character that is becoming ... thinner, thinner and thinner. <br /> <br /> As others pointed out, "Thinner" is by no means the worst King's movie ever made (or even the worst). And she has a terrible, convincing fascination with the theme and careful makeup. But viewers should first come closer to this less-favored topic.
