As a fan of Eric Rohmer's studies of the current gender race, I was very happy to see "Lady and Duchess (L'Anglaise et le duc)" about how to deal with men and women during the real war, the French Revolution. <br /> <br /> The film looks beautiful, each scene is designed as a painting, like a tableaux vivant. And I waited a lot to talk because it's Rohmer's style. But perhaps Rohmer was delayed by setting up a script on a real woman's writings that is why it seemed mostly to be a docudrama version of "The Scarlet Pimpernel." As awful as the excesses of Robespierre et al. any recognition that the French aristocrats were angry brats? I tried to talk: "Marat, we are poor and the poor remain poor." you can also pick a melody from "Les Miz." I was not so sympathetic because the central figure must go back and forth between the town house and the rural estates to stay before the Revolution. At one point, her maid claims that the pantry is bare, but it can certainly break the fine. I simply did not understand her, an English sympathizer who alternately refuses and defends her former lover and patron, while he and the Revolution are still shifting their political focus. I think I should have sympathy for her consistency more than with their political machinations, like a character from The Scarlet Pimpernel. The only reason she did not come home was her shame after an affair, and a child with a prince from Wales or someone. <br /> <br /> Usually in the revolutionary period there is some fundamental change in the relationship between men and women, but I have not seen it here. Once I went to Herbert Marcus' lecture, which ended with a long Q & A; the last question, from a member of the listener much older than all the other helpers, the hell of having gray hair, says, "Why are the revolutionists so grim?" She was furious, and Marcuse did not have to resist seriously reacting to her - but that's the only thing I remember all night. Rohmer demonstrates that counter-revolutionaries are also grim and didactic. <br /> <br /> (Originally written on November 8, 2002)
