You notice that the chemist who appears in two scenes and talks plays Stephen King. "Do not give up your daily work" is the standard thing you say, but it's not fair. The King frees himself wisely: he is not worse than any other member cast and better than most. The story is pure waste. Please, give up your current job. I have never seen so many terrible performances - of which the most important actor (LEAD ACTOR'S!) - has gathered in one film. Each person acts bluntly but not entertainingly; everyone has somehow managed to overcome without exerting or displaying energy. I blame the screenwriter / director Tom Holland. It can not be that all the actors are really so bad. What are the chances against it? I have never heard of any of them before, but I do not think I could go to a talent agency and walk with this number of bad artists if I tried: ONE EVENT, despite my best efforts, to have talent. So what is probable - that Tom Holland shot a dozen consecutive snake eyes, or wrote a miserable script and then misdirected? This would also explain why actors are bad in direct relation to their importance in the script. The more actor was heading, the worse the actor was. ("I want to bend like a hump, I spoke from the back of my neck, I showed all my teeth and I bored bored, everything fine ...") <br /> <br /> The theory is confirmed by the fact that no doubt Holland succeeded in writing a miserable script. Several writers here commented on the fact that Billy Halleck is not a nice figure, but it is a misleading way to put it. He is not a known character. Everything we know about it before the supernatural thing begins is that it's fat and that all she can think of is food. ("The only thing I can think of is food," he tells us slowly.) And finally ... (sigh) I suppose I should put a spoiler alert here ... <br /> <br /> Eventually it becomes an evil . Why? I can only shrug. Maybe it's under some spell. Yeah, that's probably true. "Evil" I mean "inexplicable" - it's not as bad as the socially undesirable stopping of the common psychology of the ends of the means. Anyway, his actions at the end make no sense, no one has anything meaningful, even though the characters do little, but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience. By the way, here is my line-in / delivery candidate: "I do not think you'd like that. Actually ..." [big dramatic pause] "... I do not think you like it at all."
