No, I did not read Stephen King's romantic novel "Thinner," but I strangled the movie version. Horror films are a taste. Regular films give the audience the hero of applause when they strive to achieve the goal. In horror films, the audience is invited to enjoy the demise of the character. In Tom Holland, with a low fat, but unappealing retaliation, "Thinner", no one is winning and everyone deserves the bite that is on them. Yellow New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although he jumps to 300 pounds of ballet, he looks happily married to a decorative, delicate wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney "GI Jane") with a teenage teenage daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean, stupid. Halleck shows his vanity in court when he wins a verdict for dirty Mafia Chief Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna of the House of Games). When Billy returns home from the winning feast, he hits an old gypsy who crosses the street and kills her. Coverage appears, and Halleck's friends bring him out of the soup. Dissatisfied gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") will pay off with a curse on a corrupt lawyer and two city officials who have freed him. Suddenly, Halleck gets rid of pounds, no matter how much chow chomps. When he asks a vengeful gypsy to raise a curse, the old man refuses. Halleck desperately resorts to Richie. While Halleck fights gypsies to remove the sixteen, he learns that his faithful wife has turned the attention of the city's physician. <br /> <br /> "Thinner" qualifies as not just a laughing, awkward horror movie, but filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. Tom Holland, who directed the movie "The Child's Punishment" (1988) and screenwriter Michael McDowell, gave a skeptical script that you can not enjoy when Billy gets into his dessert and gets rid of it. "Thinner" boasts several shocks and less surprises. The filmmakers may have discredited the king's novel but filtered out any sense of horror and humor they contained. The Netherlands and McDowell feature signs such as Mafia, and then inexplicably leave them behind. One tiny figure appears long enough to die and has a chicken head in his mouth. <br /> <br /> Stereotypical character behavior can also offend the audience. "Thinner" shows women as excessive vixens and men like pigs. When Halleck runs home from the clinic, he finds his physician's parked sports car in his house. His suspicion shrinks into jealousy and prepares a meeting to win the curse to this woman. Even the premature end lacks any satirical taste. Oskar-winning special effects guide Greg Cannom "Van Helsing" and make-up artist Bob Ládin to do a wonderful job beefing up actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They are also successful in subordinating themselves. <br /> <br /> Only stubborn fans of Stephen King will be able to stomach this misogyzical gooledyspook.
