Ha-Ha! you just have to smile and smile if you actually did the whole movie. as if I were saying something about myself. the movie itself was created, I think it's like a psychological test, or as a kind of drug to take you to a place you've never been before. When Wittgenstein wrote his famous first philosophical traktakus (sp?), He said it was insignificant and unnecessary, but if you read it, on completion you would get to the new level as a ladder, and then you could throw away your work and see things with clarity and real understanding. this movie is the same as I think. As a movie, it is undoubtedly the worst film I've seen for a long time in such a unique way. First of all, it's snipes. I loved watching this guy in different movies. and suffer from a few weak ones. however, even if you know the movie could suck, you would never have suspected it might be as bad as it really was. which is fun. I mean, that's snipes. you know it could be good, but it will be okay, right? smile. <br /> <br /> So this thing at every level is pure boring, pure vagueness. the reference to a professional is both dead and obvious, yet so badly made to be comical. there is no character in this movie that would be interesting. and to make it all more unreal, have a soundtrack that sounded like part of the various Bourne movies, but that's not true. in fact, although it seems to be close to the action movie background music, it's like it's happening in a way that scares you fantastically. <br /> <br /> Then all the scenes in total black black where honestly because the characters are so flat it does not matter what happens but no matter what happens and someone is killed you will say did I see it? what else? as for scenes with blindness, unpleasant blinking at the strobes of light, for a time that is too long to carry. surely let's go into what it looks like. when you strain and your eyes can not handle it anymore, do even more of them in dark killings, where you really do not see what happened. and in addition, leave it face, you do not care. that you are bored again from the beginning. <br /> <br /> So I slipped several times inside and out, but I caught almost all of this movie. and becomes something you can follow without anything that impresses your mind at any level, and therefore becomes something you can effectively use and start thinking about your life where it is, where it is, where it is, what we are people. <br /> <br /> And that ... that's the real charm of this movie.
