I do not know where to start with one of the worst movies I've had dissatisfaction to watch in a very long time. From an environment that was quite clear and clear to everyone who visited London even in one day, he would agree ... it was not London. In a very inexplicable way, Snipe's character managed to escape the country back to the US without a single problem. Then convince the girl and the grandmother to visit him in America, as the earthly grandmother agreed ... she's a murderer! Well that's the end of what's going on in the movie, but unfortunately it was not much better. We have British policemen who drive an amazing range of cars, I'm sure it was the eighties Vauxhall Belmont who chased the taxi after the assignment, but the modern Subaru Imprezza accompanying the prison car in several previous scenes. SO19, or any weapon that tried to render, happily traversed the streets, and their weapons chased Snipe along with the CIA. There were kids walking around, but the cops still said they had a clear shot to shoot him, did it happen in London? No, no, I live there. We also have very unlikely travel from central London to the airport (say Heathrow with sake arguments) within 5 minutes of receiving the call. We also have terrible American accents, a young girl who is madder than a queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does the British police say when helicopters and a number of officers in Snipe can not find Snipe and he can escape capture by hiding behind the stairs? The railway station was probably not even on the UK floor, and the sound effects on the battle scene were terrible. The plot was also very bad, boring and written and shot much better a thousand times earlier. But there have been several prominent actors in the film that think and please do not let this play you! This movie does not seem to know what it meant to be, if you focus on dramatic aspects from the consequences of assignment, then you will need a strong solid plot with acceptable scenery and setting, this is something that the viewer has time to accept and appreciate, and if you do it wrong then you will notice it. To make everyone outdoors an action movie (which is not), then continuity and scenery can be put to the side.
