This reboot is like processed McDonald's food compared to Ang Lee's very good, but very underestimated 2003 "The Incredible Hulk". Ang Lee's "The Hulk" is a comic book for thinkers. Hulk takes some time to appear (about 40 minutes) but when he sees a conflict in the heart of our protagonist. He tries to avoid losing control, but as he confesses, when he gets angry, he likes it. Now compare it to the Edward Norton series, where there is no conflict in his personality, and he will change to Hulk whenever he gets excited and his pulse rate reaches 200 beats per minute (not 183, not 197, but exactly 200). To this reviewer, it seemed similar to the introduction of midi-chlors in The Phantom Menace, which tells how strong the "power" is with one, as if the mystical abilities could be measured by a blood test. In the 2008 film, Edine Norton's Bruce Banner must keep his pulse rate below 200 as watched by a wrist-mounted device. And for recording it is extremely difficult to get a pulse for up to 200 years, even at a very exciting run, especially for physically fit. <br /> <br /> Emotion controls Hulk Eric Ban. He suppressed memories of his mother's death and his father's role in early life. He is calm on the surface, but there is a lot of anger under him, enough anger to get Hulk to power when he relaxes. But Hulk never deliberately kills, even his invaders. She usually wants to get away or close to Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelly). He mutes his shooter and rescues a fighter plane in a critical scene, which chases him from the crash. In the 2003 film there are visual effects, but as needed. Action scenes (and a lot of them) are necessary for action, unlike the 2008 movie where action is being put on action. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to change it to "fugitive," Ed Norton will lose focus on how Bruce Banner feels Hulk. For him, Hulk is a dangerous side effect of an experiment. And Louis Leterrier, a director who has highlighted Ed Norton's hint, does not contribute to any emotional dimension of the Banner-Hulk relationship. The story can be summarized as follows: The banner is tracked and Hulk kicks his ass, Banner is detained and Hulk kicks his ass. Repeat as needed. <br /> <br /> The only thing that was against the movie in 2003 is that it may not be so true for comic books like version 2008. However, even though I'm a comic book fan, I prefer a movie that is not a comic book so true like a dream fanboy, but has a heart over the comic book - a loyal but produced and soulless version of 2008 every day. <br /> <br /> Maybe Ang Lee should read more comics. Iron Man, also released in 2008, is the perfect example of a movie that is true to its comic books and hearts.
