It's hard to know where this adaptation is wrong, because I think the problem starts with the books themselves. Alexander McCall Smith has worked on not reading them for detective stories, but for his deeply condemning and utterly false vision of Africa that does not exist. He did for Botswana what Borat did for Kazakhstan - not so successful, but based on so many facts. As soon as I realized this, I was amazed that Jill Scott, American singer / actress, was cast as Mma Ramotswe. If it is to represent a country that is not Africa, how appropriate is it to be a black woman who is not an African woman? It is not the only American occupied; Mma Makutsi plays Anika Noni Rose. Both women are far away, too tiny for the roles they play, and too charming. They both brutally murder local accents and both concentrate so much on this brutality that they do not provide many ways to act. Mama Ramotswe's scene is jumping, cute and soft. Rose Mma Makutsi is an unpleasant motorbike. <br /> <br /> The result is almost inconsistent. The main piece is redeemed only by the presence of Lucian Msamati, who behaves like a decent performance by JLB Matekoni. Hess is just smarter and more intense than the books, but I have found that I can not blame Msamati for this - it's a bright light in the sea. The discrepancies between his performance and the books are clearly laid at the feet, any committee of butchers writing the script. For me, writing McCall Smith was always very fun, but notoriously bad. Refuses to be edited. As a result, his books contain experiments in grammar that bordering on the scientific, and characters that change the name of the middle sentence. It is, therefore, something that has been achieved by making the writing team really worse on this project. The dialog is now largely Anglican. Characters speak of "opening" and "sensitivity to needs". Mma Ramotswe and Mr. JLB Matekoni openly flirting. Mama Makutsi is horrified that he does not have a computer, but because of the constantly changing hair, makeup and jewelry, I am surprised that he does not have a Visa card in his MacBook. are we here with us? It is hard to be disturbed by this miserable adaptation, since frankly, most of the things I like in the original books are equally apocryphal. McCall Smith draws a fictional Botswana, inhabited by cute, non-threatening black people, full of entertaining and tasty wisdom. It is read well despite linguistic harassment, but it is a vision of how a certain type of white person wishes to black people. It's just not true. Because it's not surprising that this show is angry just as it does. It remains clear whether European and American audiences will ever notice.
