Finally, old old Michael Corleone falls and goes "THUMP!" Who really wrote this last installment of the Baga Saga? Probably the same staff who does "How the World Turns". This filming does not deserve the title "The Godfather" at all. Let's call it "Cosas of our nostras" or "All My Capos". As a person who has met many Mafia people in my business life, I can say without exception that I have never met any gangster as internally conflicting and contemplative as Michael Corleone. Let's see, these people are in the Mafia exclusively because they are greedy, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends a lot of time contemplating his past deeds and his bleak future, perhaps even life after the end of his life, and then recovering remarkably quickly to avoid some fantastic business deal or to order the death of one or one such as the big time operator is, deep. Then is his failed marriage. After the breakdown scenes in G2, we can hope Michael & Kay will come together as a man and woman, but they seem to become very good Platonic friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the screenwriters were trying to make Michael a woman. It's a bizarre behavior for two people who have shared the love of a married bed for 9 years. Some here and there somebody disappears, or maybe they are the sins of authorship. Poor, old country-beautiful Sophia Coppola is populated with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in a film that does not fit what a young woman says in casual conversations - get "notes" rather than "lines" emote. Her "passionate" love scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a bad teen sexual comedy when they chew open their mouths and kiss on their backs on the kitchen drain as marionettes ... sex with a great deal won by Glenn Close and Michael Douglas but it's it's just ridiculous. Then is Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who also has a demanding and ungrateful role. He assumed it was a new, new Don Corleone, but he almost worked on a silver plate and had little to strengthen his position, unlike Michael's current hits on all 5 G1 families. This hand-me-down process can be an authentic way of transferring power to the mafia family, but why is so much of this boring routine? Of course, Don Vincent can sometimes win the respect of his fellow gangsters, but there are few typical revelations in the script that sadly portray this young man. Puzo has done such a great job of quickly and briefly developing Michael's character in G1. But G3 has no narrative story in his narrative, and we have suffered with extrapolation until we just want to take snooze. Thirdly, George Hamilton was also given an ungrateful job when he was taken over by a family lawyer after Robt Duvall allegedly refused a third installment as Tom Hagen. George wisely subordinated his role so he got out of it without damaging the actor. The evolution of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far to take murderous matters into her own hands (she could end up sleeping with Fredos if it were a real world). But it's not all bad. The assault scene in the hotel penthouse is handy! Also, "I'm still pulling back" or words that are great in this sense. And we recover some old country feel when we return to Sicily, even if it's all done in 1989 and have modern cars and hairstyles. Lines of conspiracy that include the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church are quite interesting because they are based on some of the real Banco Vaticani financial quotes in the 1980s, but they have gone too far, again with such spectacular death scenes, etc. Opera's scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. But the scene of Mary's death towards the end is, last but not least, an unbalanced attempt at emotional manipulation. All the screenwriters must learn that we always need more and more death to successfully conquer the Mafia film. I'm sorry that her daughter is dead that her sadness plays so well, but Michael's reaction is hammams, hammams, hammams. Then Michael dies in the 21st Century, in Sicily, alone in a large estate, in a heart failure ... no grandson with whom he should play before his demise, no woman who would grieve him. What should happen for the last 1/2 of this film is Michael being watched by someone like Rudy Guilliani, judged, all his dirty family dirty businesses and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the daylight, Michael then sentenced under RICO statutes and sent to federal the prison for a lifetime ... then you can drive out the dead from the heart failure and clean the floor in LESVENSTVO. In the late eighties and early 1990s, the mafias at the end of their career received much better treatment than what they deserved.
