The Godfather Part I was a stunning look inside the fictional Corleone family, and as an innocent young man was forced into circumstances from which he never wanted to participate. The baptismal part II shows that the young person accepts his new role, his desensitizing character, as well as the complete loss of all innocence when he submerges deeper and deeper into the life of crime. The first two parts of this saga about this transformation of Michael Corleone make one of the greatest tragedies in cinematographic history. She then came along with The Godfather Part III. Michael Corleone is now an aging Don of the Corleone family. He makes a remorse of remorse for his past actions, not by gentle behavior, but by trying to use his power for good and accepting all his bad deeds and regretting others. Very cliché and unusual complex characters, which is Michael Corleone. Michael's plans to use his power for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. Michael's daughter is ultimately the victim of ongoing mass wars, and her death predictably leads to Michael realizing that his whole life as Don was worthless because he failed in the one thing that was the reason why he came to a position where he found: protects his family. Godfather II. the part ends with Michael Corleone reaching the lowest possible ratio: having his brother killed. Before part III was released, the saga called Godfather was an emotional story about an innocent young man's journey into the dark with an incredibly tragic end, when Michael forgot his roots and left one thing that always had for him and for you loyalty. Part III draws the picture of Michael as a man who is and has always been the victim of circumstances. This greatly corrupts the importance of the first two films. Godfather Part III is a terrible disorder of the movie, which should never be done. The only solution to the problem, which is the final work of The Godfather, is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with Michael's shocking terrible act of killing a member of his own family.
