Just before the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to step out of law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want that. But his outlawed ex-wife, Kay, can convince him to let Anthony Corleone play the music he wants. That's what he's doing. It looks like a special way to start a review because it's a small point of conspiracy and it has nothing to do with real action. Just bring me here; you will see where I will go with it in the end. Now I'll tell you about a big plot. It's about Michael Corleone wanting to leave the crime for good (he has largely abandoned all the criminal elements in a family business). But then comes Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew involved in the conflict. So, of course, Michael needs to hold on to another brush with crime and gun violence and all good gangster stuff. Vincent has a close affair with Michael's daughter Mary. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to do all the horrible things that happened at the end of the second part. It's like a soap opera. One terrible, terrible, 169-minute soap opera. Gone is any kind of sophistication, romance and emotional significance that caused the first two movies to hit home so hard. After a 16-year franchise break, Francis Ford Coppola made a mess of sop and pretentiousness totally indecent with the first two films, again demonstrating that his last major work was "The Apocalypse Now" in the 1970s. <br /> <What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not a logical sequel to "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He did not stop at the seed (which could be legitimate, even if it was not fun to watch). He became a good man, trying to correct all the tragedy that, from II. The work caused a devastating masterpiece. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but a small diabetes attack in the middle caused him to sickness. He will also be back with Kay! There is absolutely no way for heaven to happen, because the second movie was very clear! She canceled her child, and his Sicilian education made him despise. Did Francis Ford Coppola not even think of these things? And do not even start me with Marie and Vincent's affair! For romance so forbidden, it was shocking. Together with Sofia Coppola, he did nothing. She made the smartest movement of her life as she passed the camera behind her, perhaps because she was perhaps the worst actress I've ever seen in a photo shoot. Each line she delivered was painfully memorized, and every time the drama was based on her acting skills, everything she did was an inappropriate giggle. On top of the stage - I'm not going into the details, but you'll know which scene I'm talking about when / when you look at it - looks at Michael and says, "Dad?" I think I should cry, but the line was delivered so badly that I went into a long, loud laugh. Now we get to the climax, and now you also realize why I've taken the time to start a review with Anthony Corleone's description of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After 140 minutes of little drama and unimportant events, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent are going to see it, and about 10-15 minutes a couple of killers walk and try to assassinate Michael. I have to say one thing about this climatic sequence: It was really good! But not for murders - they were pretty boring. I really enjoyed the opera. She had great music and really great songs. And from what little that showed us, the story seemed to have echoes from the Corleone family. I bet it was one feathered opera and I bet Michael Corleone was glad he let his son go from law school to music. My greatest wish was this: Francis Ford Coppola had only filmed Anthony Corleone's 169-minute opera and got rid of the rest of the damp melodrama. Better, I wish he did not become "The Godfather: Part III" at all. Part II gave us the perfect end. This split was self-evident and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> This is not the reaction to that movie. I watched all three of the movie The Lady more than a month ago (although I was the first to repeat). Not only does this mean that my expectations for Part III have not been screwed up (in fact, I set the bar somewhat low for what I've heard), but it also means I had a good time thinking about all three movies. While I was a bit disappointed with the second part at first, the more I thought about it, the better it looked. But with Part III, it was bad to start, then worsened, the more I thought about it. Sadly, many people stop with Part I, but if they keep track of Part II, they will most likely continue to Section III. If you will, look at Part I and II and pretend that Part III never existed.
