This television remake of 1973 about Billy Wilder's classic film is lower than the original. Surprise! <br /> <br /> First, good things. Lee J. Cobb is an amazing Barton Keyes. He's not as good as Edward G. Robinson, of course, but that's the only reason I look at it. This remake is the only improvement over the original that it reduces the role of Lola Dietrichson, step-daughter femme fatale, Phyllis Dietrichson. <br /> <br /> And that's good stuff. <br /> <br /> Bad things are a lot. The director records everything in indifference: if you were watching a movie with a muted sound, you would not have the impression that something interesting would happen. Due to the modern bad taste, the film must be colored, not black and white. Because of bad taste in the 1970s, all files are disturbingly ugly. Walter Neff's strong apartment is particularly horrible. The modern environment hurts many small paths. Train trips were a little more unusual in the 1970s than in the 1940s, so Mr Dietrichson's decision to take the train seems to be rather beneficial. The men stopped wearing their hats, which prevented Walter from covering up his brown hair while he imagined the white Dietrichson. Women in sadness stopped wearing veils, which made Samantha Eggara off the Barbara Stanwyck pad, which was greatly used in the key scene. (Lola still has a series where she reveals that her stepmother has tried a black hat and a veil before she needed them) Stephen Bochco holds much of the script Billy Wilder-Raymond Chandler the same. But he does a lot of minor, unexplained changes in dialogue that leave the script slightly foolish, where he was once slender and muscular. Incorrectly, the famous biker-cop banter is gone, but look carefully and see what looks like a post-production cut where those lines should be. Bochco does not have to be guilty. Richard Crenna is acceptable as Walter Neff. What this version could be acceptable is really beautiful Phyllis Dietrichson. Instead, we get Samantha Eggara, which comes from "Barnaby Jones" as a standard issue. But who can blame Eggara? With a director who is scarcely interested in what is going on in front of the camera, how could Barbara Stanwyck herself go well?
