Murder and insurance scams take adultery couple at the "end of the line" ... The television was visually vulgar back in the early 1970s and this truncated, made for television knock-off hurt my eyes. This can not be compared to the 1944 Noir film filter, because anyone who should have the right mind should know - invisible - but that does not mean that this update should be considered a separate entity. Although the original Paramount script is omitted for over half an hour and the director's ruthless indifference does what remains to be immediately forgotten. Exceptionally, the young generation did not want to watch old black-and-white films on TV in 1973 (today it is still true, unfortunately), so this tense, convincing story was new to the vast majority of viewers; then, as was the case today, the rating rule and collection were the only reason for raison d'etre. Gus Van Zandt handed Alfred Hitchcock PSYCHO for similar reasons and if those redux led to the search for original films or novels, the better. I loved James M. Caine, who was so boring I liked it, and I enjoyed a wonderful capsule that appeared a second time on long hair, shabby peaks, turbans, ugly decorations, and fresh chestnut lock "guest stars" Samanthy Eggar who did not try too much. In addition to recognizing several casual casts before the trumpet, Lee J. Cobb was able to hold my interest as a tired, tired looking Keyes, but the friendly and careless Richard Crenn only Walter Neff reminded me of Bill Bixby on the wrong day. Improvement of the original origin, of course, was never intended to be hated, but instead of a soulless protest, a new adaptation of the novel would be a new idea. Cain's book is somewhat different from celluloid incarnations and the threatening fins of sharks at the end of moonlight are murderers. Completely grateful to me, this fast-paced "Me Decade" update was included as part of the DOUBLE DVD DEPARTMENT bonus, but the experience not only made me see the original for a long time, I was nostalgic for every episode of the better-made COLUMBO TV series. I also returned to the very good ABC TV Week of 1973, which I have not seen since its initial broadcast: John D. Macdonald LINDA plays beautiful Stells Stells as a ruthless femme fatale who murders her mistress (sexy John Saxon) wife and then her puts on a gentle husband, and if I remember correctly, it's also an open end. Like DOUBLE INDEMNITY, it was unnecessarily reworked with Virginia Madsen's television queen film as a titular vixen and Richard Thomas as a milquetoast husband.
