When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) answers the door of her house in the towel, you realize she is not a competent actress like Eggar, she does not have the hypnotic flavor of Barbara Stanwyck. And that's not the fault of Eggara. In the original film, Wilder had Stanwyck not only appearing in a towel, but she entered the scene on the second floor of the balcony of the house. And she "does not go"; it seems almost like a spell. Walter Neff looks at her from below on the first floor. That's the reason. Stanwyck is much taller than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when introduced for the first time. It's not just a towel. The towel adds seductive charm. Her pose is like a Greek goddess who overlooks her area, and you feel strangely as if you really control the whole situation from the beginning. He has sexual, even magical power. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with hidden secrets. <br /> <br /> Back to 1973. Remake has Cren to knock on the front door. Stanwyck's stand, Eggar, answers the door with a towel around her. There is no "look". It just opens the door. The exciting pride that catches the audience at Stanwyck's first appearance in 1944 is totally absent in 1973. He opens the door with a towel around her. It can be sexy in Charlie's angels, but it's not that mysterious. It seems that the filmmakers of this remake did not understand Wilder. The script may say that "Phyllis appears in a towel," so the remake makers simply follow the instructions and include the required towel. It's not a towel. The reason is the mysterious quality of Phyllis and the potential power it controls. Wilder gave her a towel that had joined her. The remake filmmakers gave her a towel because Wilder did it. And in the selection of shots they lost all Phyllis mystics. Richard Crenna also seems to be a shame. It seems to be "acting" and not really in the middle of a dilemma. Part of the problem is that Crenna seems to be like the 70th actor. It can not reach the forties of the last century. When MacMurray speaks for the first time in the microphone, sweat begins to run from his face. No sweat on Crenna. And they also changed one of the decisive lines at the beginning. In the original Neff says: "I did not have money and I did not get a wife." In the 1973 version, Crenna says: "I did not have money and I did not want a woman." Were the filmmakers completely misunderstood the whole story? Or is it done for a "TV" audience? The film made for television is a takeover of numbers. All sharp edges of the original are lost. Lee J. Cobb is the only one to act as Edward G. Robinson. But it can not save the loss of original intensity. This boring remake of 1973 is an unforgettable TV movie that is likely to become the same people who made the "Gilligan Island". They could also try to remake "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If the average is the best, what can be hoped for, what is the point? Film 1944 is a movie with the capital "F". This remake made for television deserves a "F" or "D" for stupidity.
