Before Stan Laurel became less than half of the greatest comedy team, he worked on a contract with Bronch Billy Anderson in a number of inexpensive, many of which were parodies of the main Hollywood features. After a dispute with Anderson, Laurel continued his informal series of parodies on the small (and less demanding) production company Joe Rock. <br /> <br /> Most Laurel parodies were slightly fun at that time and even less fun for a modern audience who did not see the original movie Laurel was parodying. "The West of the Hot Dog" is a fairly general parody of cowboy shots. It's a peripheral-specific parody "West of the Pecos", oater released two years ago without major actors. Since "West Pecos" has never been a huge success, it is hard to understand why Stan's film unit has chosen this particular film as the target for its lamp, much less why they waited so long after it was released to parody her. And where did they get the title 'West of Hot Dog'? Perhaps it is that "Hot Dog!" was a sexual interference preferred by American lechers in the 1920s. (As in the opening scene of Machinal's stage play.) "West of the Hot Dog" was produced and co-directed by Joe Rock. Among his many other accomplishments, Rock introduced Laurel to Lois Neilson, and he was subsequently the best man at their wedding. Full Disclosure: In recent years of my life, I had a great privilege to be friends with Joe Rock and talk to him. For almost ninety years, Rock's memory was absolutely clear ... but he did not even remember the "West of the Hot Dog" and I can not blame him. This film is overwhelmingly forgotten. The main character of the mistress is Little Mustard: If it is to be a parody of something in the 'West Pecos', it does not. There are a few "impossible" gags here, including Laurel's way of mounting a horse. For a single moment in this movie, Stan Laurel remembered a great Buster Keaton when he suddenly ran. "The West of the Hot Dog" is a vaguely similar object and tone to Keaton's short comedy "Frozen North," but Keaton's version is much more fun. The movie film somewhat anticipates the situation in Keaton's "Our Hospitality", but (again) suffers from a comparison: here, two heavy varmint brothers expect to inherit the last file-box, but the previous owner left him to the weaker cavalier Stan. But the brothers become a legal heir if Stan dies. Hmmm ... Really, but: is this a link? Once Stan has taken over the property, it will certainly be his decision to own or inherit the decision, not the decision of the previous owner. I had plenty of time to consider such legal issues when watching this boring comedy. At one point, the gag is part of some rough animation directed directly onto the movie. It looks cheap and it's not funny. This "hot dog" is not unnecessary and no winner: it's just crazy. My rating: one point out of 10. Stay, Stan: In a few years you will be half the legend of a comedy.
