This film is a crazy tear from one of the best novels of all time, Silas Marner by George Eliot. The details of the movie shown on IMDb give confirmation to the original author, but I do not see it at the beginning of the movie, just at the end of the credit says "suggested the book by Silas Marner". Suggested? It was nothing but a complete detachment of all the essential elements of the story: The dead and sad old man, craftsman, poor and lonely, stole all his money. One night the baby walks to the door because her mother dies in the snow outside. The man takes her and takes her up to one day when a local panos (or rich politician here) asks for a child. It's the one that a child was born during an illicit affair years ago. Then there is a battle about who should have a child in legal custody. In this and all other aspects of the film, the story is exactly the same. Only one can find the difference. Silas Marner had epilepsy - but maybe it would have been that Martin was too busy. In addition, her hair is dyed in a mixture of carrot juice (probably to look younger but actually made him look more clown that he is)! There is also the addition of insignificant jokes that this unnecessary comedian can not resist trying to suppress the depth of the story in a story that does not apply to him. Just as a child screams in a courtroom and says she can only be content with the man who has been the father of all these years. This is in the movie delivered to a girl who uses a nasal decongestant to bridge her nose to tear her! <br /> <br /> I am surprised that the legality and integrity of the film industry allows us to make such a film. If I were the administrator of George Eliot, he would have been on the way. If I were Steve Martin, I would make a profit for this estate or for the poor. At least he should be entitled to Silas Marner - adapted to Martin. Or even better remove from the archives! If you are interested in this story - and I hope you are - reject it completely and watch Silas Marner. Or read the book! The BBC adapted greatly in the 1980s.
