Oh, if I could just give this waste less than one star! There were two slightly fun parts throughout the movie, and that's it! one was where there were two or two songs Do not be afraid Be Happy was sung by the slugs and the other was where Roddy fell from the toilet roll and landed with his legs and legs so that everything else that landed down the road hit him into weaknesses. It was that it was no more fun than that, at least for me! Doctornappy2 is not right that fans of a really terrible "Shrek" could enjoy, but fans of "Wallace & Gromit" are likely to turn away. How I like Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I also love Wallace and Gromit. You see what's happening is that if the animation is doing extremely well, then it's definitely worth watching, but it was about as far away as it was good as you can get it! Conjunction errors were too large. Some were warned by the creators of this site were not others. I will not point out to everyone else, but here are a couple of others you see: When a young daughter leaves at the beginning of the movie, she grabs the cage door and the hook on the right is clearly back behind the round knob, so she effectively assured Roddy will not be able to get out and still just kicks. At one point, the ruby ​​fails Roddy's back, and Rita pulls it into the air when the ship moves forward. In the next scene Roddy caught him again. It is impossible. When he saw the ship moving forward, the only place where the ruby ​​had pulled out of Roddy's shirt mat, the only place he could land was in the water that was not in Roddy's hand. It was the third thing I wanted to draw attention to, but for the moment I forgot it. <br /> <br /> Many people, because of the lack of a better word, have "jokes" repeated in one way or another, not enough time to create any connection with any of the characters, the figures were hollow, shallow and empty, and the whole film left that you want .... they want to watch 85 minutes anything else! Drying lacquer or grass are two great options!
