Very young Ginger Rogers trades with a quick beating and one roller with competing newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in this 1933 murder by Pearson Row's Allied Productions. The film opens with a wealthy businessman who takes the headline from the roof garden of a high rise apartment building or is it a fancier's apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the beginning of the movie: Miss Terry, the dead victim secretary, along with her newspaper articles, Pat Morgan. Incorrectly calls her story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of her rewriting desk, she is released for her efforts as her boss learns to have jumped. Here's a puzzle - it's revealed during Police Inspector Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation of Harker's death that Terry / Morgan has been employed as his secretary for three weeks. Why exactly was it? After all, would it make sense that it was there for a newspaper story, but before? Guidance on the Harker Association with a known gangster who dwells comfortably in the same apartment building is discarded, but this association is not relevant unless it's all about Janier Peterson (Harvey Clarke). And who makes up all the calling cards with a snake performing the HSSS, with the words "do you hear it" cut and glued beneath it? The snarling sound of the snake seemed to be the sound of the apartment house radiator system, which Peterson carried toxic gas to the rooms of potential victims, such as Mrs. Coby in the Harker apartment. But in answer to the question he had asked Inspector Russell about Mrs Coby's death, he responded "seemingly" to the cause of strangulation. These are rather contradictory points that made the film a little unsatisfactory. Peter Peterson's apparition as the evil boy of this work is somewhat horrible because we see him in Miss Morgan's subconscious body in the burner of the building! However, and another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a huge basement when Peterson lights the furnace; she made her escape, but how? And still like a picture. And who could make a beard from the screen unless anyone other than milquetoast police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in the opening scene fell over his own legs into the room. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry, but for all those reviewers who found "Shriek in the Night" as a satisfying whodunit, I feel that any Charlie Chan movie of the same era is a real "usual suspect" compared. If you need a reason to see the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but we recommend that it does not dance.
