Anything that could potentially be interesting in this material is suppressed within the first few seconds with the denial of responsibility that the events we are about to see can never be known and "This is a whisper [reputation] most often told" about one of the most sensational " mystery "in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Okay. So we do not get anything new (and "Mystery & Scandals" from E! Gives you a better insight into a particular incident ... and that's not much approval). What do we find out? We found out that Hollywood is a nest of vipers and decadents. No big news. Even more interesting is to find out what a willing lady is willing to do to gain a position in the entertainment and / or political establishment. The question arises whether Petr Bogdanovic speaks from his own experience through these characters. But what has been said is so cynical, ugly and confused, we felt guilty about seeing a bunch of slaves that blend in as history. The movie tone has a curious quality of madness that I found more irritating than fun. We are not empathic with anyone. And the great "Citizen Kane" eliminates the relationship of Davies and the Hearts much more convincingly. In the "Cat's Meow" category, we're never sure Davies should be with Hearst. Once she tells us one thing, she's gone away doing the other. And do we have to believe Davies is love for Chaplin's life? Or he's just trying to thwart one of the most powerful Americans - and seemingly crazy - of the citizens. The film never tells it clearly. <br /> <br /> What is convincing is the production value. There is a wonderful recreation of yachts and period costumes. Much more I looked at the design of some men's jacket drops than the story that threatens many of Hollywood's most celebrated personalities. No one will remember that the script is purely fiction. Exclusion of responsibility for filming the film is all the more preliminary and unsatisfactory. The actors can not be bothered, even though Meg Tilly is coming here as a parody. Kirsten Dunst never disappoints. She gives the most sincere performances in the sea scent of chewing. Only Joanna Lumley rises above the material, but so much that she seems to be giving up the whole business rather than telling him. One of her first lines is: "I'm not here!" And I'm sure she wants her not to. This is not on the same level as Bogdanovič's trails, so-bad-is-good "On long last love." He is seated to try something serious but hesitates and stumbles mainly because he is so full of bitterness about the "beast" named Hollywood. This is the movie "National Enquirer". And not just the land names of those who place the film on board Oneida that weekend, but the audience also quite dirty as well.
