He's just seen a preliminary tour today. What can I say? She lived up to being an average trailer, though it does not say anything at all. It did not make a movie at all until it did, and it was a cliché that I finally got to the point where I laughed just because I was allowed with the audience and left a humorous film out. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... we have less than the magnificent main character who tries to get back with his ex-girlfriend but is not good enough for her, check out. We have the three buddies who have their own "personality", one being the best friend who tries to get with the best friend of the girl but is constantly refused, another friend is very unpleasant and can not live, positive in all 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and he fits for unicorns (this is just a great deal of movie links from Disney) and a third guy whose name you'll never forget on the square and throwing comforting messages to anyone who wants to listen ... check . We have a former friend of a girl and her parents **** - to block the relationship in any possible way when things look up, not to mention inappropriate family members from the main character ... control. In a movie where everyone is depressed, we have more than an hour, check it out. We have "funny" moments that come from constant promise, crash or hurt people, trailer scenes, and homosexual cues ... check. And let me call it a spoiler, but we have an end that develops exactly as she thinks it will be before you even see the movie ... check it out. Honestly, it could ... wait ... it was PG-13. All that had to be left out was some F-bombs. To be honest, a crowd of such humor would be more publicized, less exposed to the media, and so people like me who should try and hold him up, R-rated comedy like Superbad and Knocked Up. Humor in this movie is so terrible that it does not fit with what people are looking for. I bet even the actors were often dissatisfied with some dialogues and actions they had to take on the camera. Let's do it ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and others laugh. When this movie hits Showtime and checks it at 14:00 on the afternoon, it may be inclined to change the channel. The only thing that will follow you is the hotness of Alice Evy (which is not quite 10 but still very good looking). In addition to the main resolution, this film kicked a bunch of subplots on the edge of the curb and seemed to have forgotten to write another story that they were trying to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everything would almost fly out of the window. So there is a major solution here, but what is it about? It's never really clear, nor does it allow the end to be a "good feeling" with a sudden. <br /> <br /> There was only one thing in this movie and it was a good soundtrack. In addition to careful selection of alternative rock songs from the 1990s, there was a nice positive score that would play in some parts of the movie (rather at the beginning) that remind me of something that David Holmes would mix / compose. I give them the props for a great choice of sound. One last thing was that the movie was probably filmed sometime late in the summer because the unintentional but proud Pepsi sponsorship showed the yellow bottle caps that had during this Rock Band promotional event. I just realized that a lot of Rock Band players would get into it if you saw it. But I say you're holding your money. If it was PG-13 and you were at the age of 15 on Friday night with a group of friends, I would say you knock. Otherwise, definitely go through. He has not been trying to compete with films for the past few years, and in an ideal case it's definitely not that good.
