Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was apparently accepted in various ways: some were horrified, some were shocked by others applauding courage. But I am totally intact, bored, and can not stop asking myself why imagery of inconsistent, inconsistent images that vaguely circulate around the central theme is considered an intellectual path. What was this movie like? Growing sexuality in a woman? I've seen great movies on this topic, but this is not one of them. How can one try to portray the growing sexuality of a girl without at least trying to characterize it as a person not just as a narrative telling the dream (in the nude) of animals. Where there are no characters, there is no character study. The woman persecuted by the animal was not a teenager, a girl with sex with a black valet (is also characterized as an animal?) Has a very mature attitude to sexuality, so where is the consistency? Is it a movie about religion? If so, we need a little more thematic material than a priest without function, character and charisma but with a strong desire for two young boys. Is it bestiality? The metaphorical feeling of the film forbids any real examination of curiosity, especially because realistic examination requires realistic characters. So no real bestiality here. Some mythical beast and two priests speak to each other of the sin of bestiality. Enough to an essay on the subject? I think yes. Is it about sex? Is that something? I do not know. I just know that the show fired a gun does not make a movie war movie. Working with a topic must mean more than just showing your own associations with the theme. <br /> <br /> So take a look at the discussion. Do not be afraid of an animal, nudity, ejaculation, masturbation, and so on. I'm not. Take a look at it when you look at any other story and find it wrong, poorly crafted, poorly crafted, really badly written (well, some pictures are pretty pretty and the main character is a really good looking girl) the cerebral masturbation of the director , who thinks he slows the bush slowly around the bushes, makes the story intelligent. Not that. It makes it boring.
