What the hell? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyers in Loony Tunes"? The holiest and purest actress in the world with duck faces (even more duck and anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) overcomes her bony ass and makes delicate grimaces that would defame Bugs Bunny in one of the most animated uninvited television series. This is also the most annoying TV show in the form of hourly music, and that's why it's the worst. All men behave like dolls, and I for one refuses to believe that even hip big-city shysters are all like a delta-male like this sorry (short) band. Wuss Peter MacNicol can be even more irritable than Calista Flockofducks with his fake Hollywood "shshshs" speech barrier: it's a kind of pseudo-inability to say "S" by turning into a sad "SH" that likes Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also they work with zeal. While watching an interview with MacNicole, he was always wondering how his jaw would not be reversed ... The human anatomy of the face had never been supportive of saying "SH" more than three times per second. It's a medical miracle. This badly conceived and written legge-drama / comedy hodgepodge also contains several 90s. It has POLITICAL CORRECTNESS written with huge neon letters. Is something more unrealistic than a lot of lawyers full of ideals, high principles and moral threads? Funny, but this is how advocates' lawyers are portrayed in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what is better than defending a murderer, a rapist or a thief? When the TV series delayed as "Ally McBeak" begins to preach to America about how to become a country, then there must be time for Paris Hilton to become president. "Ally McQuack" is both a product of the recent and high-capacity Western, as well as its perpetrator. The supposed "eccentricity," as well as incredibly poisonous musical figures, are not convincing and embarrassing. This is not Monty Python. Regardless of what the "new" creators of this waste without talent have sought, they have failed with honors. "Ally McBeak" is a highly commercialized television company focused on indiscriminate yuppies, bored domestic women and bipolar lawyers. It's another boring "objection that has been canceled, I've kept the Honor for my witness", legal baloney, that the American audience apparently revealed for some strange reason ...
