No, I just can not get it. I refuse to go with the program. Do you not expect this movie to be just a little overestimated? Take a look at the reader's comments and their star ratings: Most of them are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is the case when ratings can learn more about the people who portray them than the film itself, which is unique. How many other sexual fantasies about simulated bestiality complemented by horses have become the mainstream as catalog DVD titles? I watched this film with a penetrating sense of expectation, waiting for the fireworks, and instead someone jumped out of the Gucci shopping bag. It looked great, but when the excitement was exhausted, even the twisted ending did not do much. <br /> <br /> The film story tells everything: The director shoots about 25 minutes of hardcore hardcore bestial sex for another film, is informed that the shot is not appropriate, puts it aside, waits for two or three years to appear critically acclaimed and built the whole for about 25 minutes, filming about 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, unbearably boring shots and inserting a 25-minute block as a dream. The fact that the 25 minutes of the film is strikingly strange, original and shocking in a deliberate, computerized way is self-evident. But we are not here to appreciate that 25 minutes alone, we have to consider the whole movie and ask ourselves why people are so excited about the movie? Or are they just amazed by his story and history that he was forbidden by people who were so stupid to insult him? Maybe it's the anti-clerical agenda that they like. Hate the Western religion of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining socially acceptable swamps of intolerance. It has been revealed today that the BBC routinely conceals its broadcasting anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiment in promoting political correctness. You can say whatever you want about the Bible, about pedophile priests, the institutionalized cruelty of the Church, and how many white men and their inhuman religions are soaking the thick skin of the golf ball ... But say one negative thing about non-Western religions and you have a toast. This film was made to measure for such sentiments, with a wrinkled old dry priest who has a totally inappropriate relationship on the screen with two nice 14-year-old French boys with inappropriate touch, crawling, cuddling, swirling, punching and tapping the back. Ewww. <br /> <br /> And then there are horse couplings, photographed in such detailed fetishistic detail that parts of the film can be used as visual aids for the biological class for animal breeding. Yes, I understand the thematic significance of the picture - a large animal phallus with a lot of reproductive fluids waiting to be unleashed as fire extinguishers - but if I wanted to watch the horses, you know, do it, I'd love to live a farm. Having your sexual organs in your face is probably as fun as watching someone using a bathroom. Is this film just such an artistic redirection for social deviants? Probably, even though I do the artistic performance of most of them, shot in some artistic Euro detail, which even has a engraved forest, which is located directly in Monet's painting and is complemented by a vaulted bridge. And the end (which I even managed to surprise), all wrapped in a clean, uncomfortable package. But you have to remember that there are certain things that can not be deconstructed for their design elements and many artists are guilty for using them in their work to provide some sort of gravity that would not have been achieved without it. It's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has become the desire to long for his new film about Iwo Jim. Whether his film is a good attitude as a separate consideration, whether or not this battle was a noble cause fought by men who were heroes. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate the two aspects of the film and will have the face to win the Oscars because of his noble message - not because it's a particularly good or original movie. <br /> <br /> While it may look like a odd parallel, I see one with BEAST: How can one see the basic beauty of nature in the view of two mating horses? And who does not see the logical culmination of suppressed sexuality from fairy tales in the explosive work of film where beauty and game finally make ugly? Somehow I managed to skip both points and I'm delighted to see this movie so I can destroy it as what it really is: about 25 minutes opening a window over adult fairy tales surrounded by 70 minutes of a skull exhausting boring arts-fartsy Euro Trash fired at some guy who has a haircut and a great end. It is an art, but it is difficult. <br /> <br /> 3/10
