I omit the usual comparison with a legendary filmmaker who is known for his neurotic personalities from New York, since frankly, to compare with the crazy defeated Josh Kornblut, it's just an insult to any such director. I also avoid mentioning the 'Space Space' dot satire in the same breath as a celluloid disaster. Can I compare it with waking during my own surgery? it is painful to watch and wonder if surgeons really know what they are doing. The Haiku Tunnel is a kind of movie that you would like to pull out a plug at the start of production. It was cruel to let her live, and as a result, viewers all over the world are becoming suffered. Film premise? if he really has one? they do not even know to discuss it, but I will do it for caution. Josh Kornbluth, a temporary employee with a strict commitment phobia, has a lasting job. His main duty is to send 17 letters of high priority to his boss. But absurdly, he is not able to fulfill this simple task. My reactions? Big deal! Is not that a story? at best it's an idea that should be transformed - what should go through a movie that you realize <br /> <br /> A leading actor? if you can call him, right? is a clumsy canyon of man, with baculous features, a receding, incongruous line of hair, and a series of facial expressions ranging from diving to simply disturbing. Where did the director find this schmuck? What are you saying ???? he's the director? Oh, my mistake. You play in your own embarrassment on the script is one thing, but I think Mr. Kornbluth is not as convincing as a human being, let alone an actor. Make sure this is by no means a seamless murder, but never before I was so impressed with the presence of an actor on the screen! My frustration was further confused by my uninterrupted monologue cameras between the scenes. I mean, as if the viewer needed such intelligence to understand this disgrace, Kornbluth further offends us by explaining "action" (the first rule of film making: "dramatizing the show," to show, do not say). Who does that guy think he is? He has no charisma, no charm, and judges with his Hawaiian shirts, no sense of style. His departure agent should be empty! Supporting actors do nothing to mitigate the intense boredom I felt, except for one exception. Patricia Scanlon enjoyed a very funny look like former Secretary Helen, who was powered by her old boss's madman and making bothersome phone calls from her basement and holding a flashlight under her face. It made me smile, but it soon happened and I returned to watch my watch for the rest of the movie. The title of the movie is also an incorrect title. The Haiku Tunnel has nothing to do with the old form of Japanese poetry. Do not be fooled into thinking that this is an artistic movie house due to its demanding sound title or the fact that it was only playing in a bunch of cinemas and did not make any money in the box ?????? it's a very good reason! <br /> <br />
