Office work, especially in this era of computers, multifunctional copying machines, email, voicemail, snail mail and temps, is a territory mature with satirical possibilities, veins before tapping into movies like Clockwatchers and `Office Space 'and very successfully. but the "Haiku Tunnel" directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth can not live before his predecessor and laughs somewhere in front of the door and is waiting for a chance to get in. Sadly, the audience never gets this chance, (as a narrator / star of the film, Josh Kornbluth (played by Josh Kornbluth), points to the opening of frames (in a monologue delivered directly to the camera), this story is pure fiction and takes place in the fictional city of San Francisco, an innovative, if not very imaginative, idea of learning the responsibility and not all funny, but it is a foretaste of what to follow, and everything - just like exclusion of responsibility - just is not all that funny. Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who supports work as a "temp." It is a job that suits him, and gives him the time to slip from time to time into some work on his novel. But when he works for lawyer Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), he does the first day too well, and Shelby sends Marlin D'Amore's secretary (Helen Shumaker) to Kornbluth to persuade him. "The idea of ​​working full-time for the same but at the very beginning, the fears are in the heart of Kornbluth, but the cave fits in and gets in. It's nervous, but at least now the other secretaries confirm his presence (which of course they will never do with pace), and if it's too harsh, the important letters he wrote - that is right now must be sent - fall back (he is holding them back because the mail is easy and needs "something easy to do" in the reserve if it is too much for him) These are important letters, but Kornbluth is still in reserve at the end of the week, and it's not brilliant when I find that when Shelby Kornbluth, who, not only with the director, but also with John Bellucci, he also wrote a screenplay for this film, should take the page out of Ben Stiller's comedy where he says, "If you play it straight, they'll laugh. "But they did not, and the audience would not do it. Because in a comedy, though I look at it as objectively as possible, when the main character (like most supporting characters, in this case) 'plays' funny - as in, he 'knows' it's fun - he's never. And here is Kornbluth; so rather than being "funny," it comes across as an outrageous and demanding, severe mistake in Kornbluth's judgment because, by allowing it, they sabotaged their own film. <br /> <br /> When we try to find out exactly why this film does not work, there are two basic reasons: Dilution, which - if not necessarily 'bad' - is at least careless; and secondly, a performance, starting with Josh Kornblut. Finally, simply, Kornbluth seems too impressive to work here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - both of them very effectively use suicidal humor - Kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply will not allow him to get into this light; he seems to need to let his audience know that he, the real Kornbluth, is actually much smarter than the Kornbluth character. And he can not get over what he does as well as the movie. Instead of the fact that millions of office workers who can see this movie with whom they can learn or who they can identify with, Kornbluth affects the blissful way of alienating the people they are trying to achieve. So, everything that comes is a case of bad overhead and unconvincing behavior, and when you consider that the script itself was weak, with an extremely narrow focus (given the potential of a rich subject), it's easy to understand why it simply does not matter. The once-saving mercy of the film is the performance of Warren Keith as Shelby, whose gentle delivery is convincing and which - in itself - is quite humorous. But its effectiveness is reduced because Keith has to share his scenes with Kornblut, which somewhat automatically cancels his positive contributions to the project. Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) have also managed to keep their heads above the water with their performances, which are commendable, if not entirely memorable; they at least make their scenes observable, and Overman even captures Kornblut's performance, even for a moment. But it's not enough to save a day or a movie. Supporting cast includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), June Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy postman), with a whirring in the form of a spooky viewer by Harry Shearer as an Oriental Leader - a role that asks for the answer to the question : "What did you mean when he agreed?" In any working environment, there will always be situations that would inevitably become feed for someone's comedy, and movies depicting these situations will always be with us; those good (see paragraph 1) may even become a classic in itself. The Haiku Tunnel, however, will doubt that it will remain very long among them, because its fate lies elsewhere - in a sphere known only as: "Uncertainty." I rate this 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
