Unfortunately, the film from the movie we're watching has burned last week in a fire at Universal Studios so we were on the video. This could even be a metaphor for this second movie, King Kong, from the sober study director Toho Ishiro Honda. Basically, it's warming up for "King Kong vs. Godzilla". It even uses the Mecha-Kong idea, like Mecha-Godzilla. Of course, the film culminates with King Kong fighting Mecha-Kong at the top of the Tokyo Exposition Tower, but if you did not know you were already in the age group for which this film was intended. <br /> <br /> The cast is guided by a guy named Rhodes Reason, which we never heard of ... looking at his list, I see mostly a lot of scattered American TV credits, so it's interesting that they went all the way to Japan to could have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the film is the more sensitive Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, whom I learned from the iconic version of "Chushingury" (47 Ronin) from Hiroshi Inagaki and from the original Godzilla films from Honda. I apologize for the reason of Rhodes, whoever you are, but this guy has more presence on the screen and you can bet that everyone wants to end up with the cute blonde played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way that the reason would always find a way to get between Miller and Takarad, which seemed to be the best. Of course, like all the Kong Leaders, her primary relationship is with the King himself. She finds a nice trick: if you talk to a huge monkey really ..... really ... slowly ..... understand what you say. And if you are a blonde girl, it means that she will do everything you say to her. This fact is not lost to Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing "a nation that will not be named" - who plans to use it as a bait for Kong to dig out the deposits of minerals that are trapped on the North Pole. Yes, that's really the story of the movie - it seems that only a huge monkey will be able to dig out these minerals that can be used to super-powerful weapons. Doctor Dr, who builds Mecha-Kong to get in, but the circuits get in the way, so they decide to go to the real Congo. Kong itself seems to be a furious Mecha-Kong for a moment, a story element that could make the film more interesting but not tracked. By the end of the movie, a cute blonde screamed "Kong" or "King Kong" in her harsh voice so many times that when two heroes tell her to let him go to the end they talk to us all. In essence, this film impoverished any majesty was possible in the character of Congo by being a heroic and friendly character is too early, just like the latest version of the story. Cong is just a guy in this movie and they show it enough to make it difficult to float a difficult face. It's a nice looking movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or wishes of fans of this type of thing, which is really a bloody movie than a monster in many ways. The monsters in these movies are never outraged, just jumping around and throwing around a lot. It's not a worthless film, but it's extremely predictable and prescriptive, so for anyone younger than 10, it's probably just fun as a comedy.
