This is an interesting left turn for Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a B & W 75 minute Minnesota movie, featuring non-actors and about two people to find a connection through a search for alien life. I appreciate the courage of the Reel 13 programmers who are interested in how they excel in choosing this movie. I just wish they chose a stronger movie that would be courageous. In fact, I wonder if the choice should be more related to the uniqueness of the film than to the very quality of the film itself (Not that TWO HARBORS is completely merciless, but I will get a little bit later). <br /> <br /> As is common with independent movies, TWO HARBORS is limited in terms of placement. Are there only two real places? a large sales market for unsolicited vendors and a very young trailer that is home to the middle age of the main character Vic played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses the market environment to provide exposure to Vic, who is one of the merchants there. Does different people go to Vic and start very long interviews that will give us only two information? Vic sells cosmic toys (rather he calls them "cosmic characters in space") and he is a hot asshole. This is the symbol of one of two key issues with TWO HARBORS - all chatting. Did I say that and I will say it again? we deal with visual media, and filmmakers have to work better to tell their stories visually. There are, of course, exceptions, but in general, endless quarrels are not so engaging in the film? especially if the dialog is used as an exposure. Pretty much of all the interviews in the movie are long and unnecessarily detailed. A remarkable example would be a few scenes that Vic is trying to play as scout leader in order to get a discount in the store. He argues with the clerk back and forth, and these scenes even go beyond the conspiracy one jot. This is the kind that makes even a 75 minute movie feel long. Another problem with the two Harbors is acting. Maybe I'm a little helper in terms of performance in the movie, but I really do not feel there is a good excuse for not having good actors in your movies. Are there many good actors, many of whom are willing to work on low-budget projects? even in Minnesota. Many filmmakers avoided the importance of acting as secondary to their visual, but it is naive. In the story of the film, alongside the story, there is nothing more important than acting / performance. If you think the people who release your story will lose your audience. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but as the film went on, I decided to play theater actors. It was not that they felt uncomfortable on the camera. It is that they were too theatrical (ie, great). Did we promise that the best of the actors were two leaders? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a lonely young girl captured in the Alien Hunt of Vic. They seemed to have the most training, but they were still a bit harsh on the edges. The eccentricity they displayed seemed to be only the surface - not coming from the real, organic place inside. Especially interesting is Mrs. Johnson. Is he sure he has a presence? The Mediterranean spell of her, but that charisma denies the number of questions her character should have. They try to portray the idiosyncrasies that come out of the supposed life of loneliness and (slave?) Work, relying on gestures such as eye rollers, lip biting and stuttering that indicate its discomfort to the outside world. <br /> <br /> In the first paragraph, I mentioned that TWO HARBORS is not entirely merciless and I mean it here. Without going too far, the movie will take an hour to white. After that, the story with a stunning turn, allowing the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and utterly powerful? It's like a crazy blow to the intestines, but it's a good way. It's almost a relief that after such a long time with these characters you feel something. The last five minutes of the film has no dialogue and the result is the best part of the film? fine, detailed (Cole does his best film work) and most importantly, film. Then, with the closure of loans comes the most stunning revelation of all? that it is based on the true story that I was thinking. With all the dialogues, minimal places and lack of movie features, it seemed to me that with two actors with kicked ass and more complicated overwriting, TWO HARBORS could really do kick-ass stage play? maybe even a one-act. If there were some brave theater producers out there reading, I definitely recommend seeing if you can get a movie and contact the filmmaker, Reel 13 or anyone. Maybe it should be something for this story? <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or any other Reel 13 movie, visit www.reel13.org)
