Genghis Cohn is a (very) slightly funny British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s, persecuted by a ghost Jewish comedian whom he killed 15 years ago when serving under Hitler in the SS. The spirit returns and wants his killer to live as a Jew to tempt for the murders he committed. <br /> <br /> Otto, a German policeman, really knows the name of this spirit, because the last thing he did before he died was in Yiddish, Kiss me ass. The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked until he found meaning. "The Kiss left me" the impression that everyone who was dealing with this killing learned and remembered the name of a comedian, Genghis Cohn. There are a lot of men who were murdered under the authority of a police commissioner, and there are no useful traces. The men are killed by a set of knives missing from the local butcher. The butcher says his knives are missing, while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich, so the commissioner is suspicious. The first man is killed when he loves the butcher's wife, so the butcher is suspicious. But the butcher says he will be busy killing any man who slept with his wife. All men are killed immediately after the climax of love. I think I might be a little worse than Ginghong Cohn, if I were killed as if he were. He seems to be very kind, as if he were only in a mild road accident. I can only guess it's because it's a British film and they are known as very polite people. He uses some of his stuff from his rack and I just did not find it very fun. I gave the film 4, because it was just a little fucked up. I thought it should be a little more serious than it was. The movie turns out to be a murderous secret (where does it come from?) And it seemed that Jingis was much more useful than he. The film made me a small view of Jewish culture, but it was only deep. That all Jews like the liver and onion sandwiches? Do everyone say "shtoop" and "meshuganah" in their daily vocabulary? Is not this more important thing to know about culture? I saw this movie at the Jewish community center in Berkeley, California, and I was the only person in a room whose hair was not fully gray or white. (I do not have gray or white hair.) We were eighteen, and after the film ended, we had about 20 minutes to discuss the film. There were two major concerns expressed: 1. The film was too light and the future generation may not understand the gravity of what happened and 2. How did the Holocaust survive, future generations do not know what really happened. I thought this second problem was ridiculous, and I told them I did not think I did not have to worry because there is a lot of literature and there will always be people who like watching movies like me. Killing 6,000,000 people with a very bad person will never be forgotten. I wrote this last paragraph because they told me that on that day they spoke to others about my experience.
