Billy Chung Siu Hung's "Love To Kill" (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest boom of category III, which lived in the early 90s with the HK cinema. It consisted of films with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less unjustified and shocked only. The love of killing definitely belongs to the category "more" with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid disease. HK Psycho Anthony Wong (from the award-winning The Unprecedented Story by Herman Yau of the same year) plays a trader and husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who for some reason does not leave him and saves his a small son from a distraught torture. The policeman (Danny Lee, a prominent actor from the film as Dr. Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and co-director Lee) and The Killer (1989) John Woo to name just a few) sees the problem and begins to protect his wife and son, Naturally, he does not like it all and leads it all into a typical ultra-medium temperamental and graphic finale during the rain. <br /> <br /> The film is almost completely without any serious merit because it's just exploitation to make cash when these movies are so popular. Images and events are never in the western cinema, at least in the mainstream, and all this happens even more when some / most of the taboos for Westerners, such as violence and perversion that is a child, are often in these films that reading the drawings in itself will cause most viewers to feel bad, and this is especially suited to this film. The film still has an interesting and scary soundtrack in the tradition of Dr. Lamba, who practically started the boom in 1992. Usually, the music and soundtrack in HK films is interesting and adds to the picture, especially in these terrorist films. Also, cinematography is worth mentioning because the movie is swimming, especially in the final, in blue colors and camera lenses (as well as Assassin), and the storm is captured nicely at the camera. Otherwise, there is nothing to rate the film by any other than the honorable meter. Actors and actors are talented and professional, so they do not worsen the film. The film still has the usual HK humor that causes bad behavior even worse when some humor is brought into the soup. This includes some jokes about Danny Lee's erection, and so on. Something that could never be found in Western "serious" films. And this thing usually destroys the mane of otherwise remarkable HK movies, because humor is just as obvious and tries to entertain the audience and the masses. The film has a very high level of outrage because it has a number of scenes depicting abuse of Wong's wife in different ways. She is raped and harassed, defeated and kicked by her husband. We also have some memories of Wong's own childhood, which turned out to be as violent as his own father killed and turned his young son into what he is now. These flash scenes, mostly at the end of the film, include unexpected experiences when images are accelerating (such as axes) and create a completely mental and mental atmosphere on the scene. Again, something that seems to come only from HK mining producers. The end itself involves a lot of sudden and shocking gore when the madman controls the ax and also encounters some nails, for example, in his furious way. The film is, in my view, really quite "suspicious" because violence and terror are realistic painful and deal with things that should NEVER be considered entertainment, I usually mean rape. The version I've seen (I've seen two versions) contains a very long and totally furious scene that tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure the HK audience really likes similar images, but I think no one with a sense of morality in film / entertainment would ever accept or do something like that. Women are brutalizing and killing in the most uniform and weakest ways that men's fate looks almost as compared to women. The second version I've seen, the newly released DVD in HK (untitled), has this "tabular brutality" in much longer form than the subtitled Taiwanese DVD, which is otherwise identical to the version of HK. I also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from the two and the end credits are full of scenes and pictures that are not in the real movie, it is impossible to tell how "vague" versions of those that were published or shown are theatrical. Obviously, a lot of videos have been released, perhaps even before the theater is released. The film is written by Law Gam Faiem and Lau Wing Kin. Lamb, The Unpreded Story and Shooters (Kirk Wong, 1988), but from his other films I've seen, Love to Kill is the most appropriate. Dr. Lamb and The Untold Story are both very brutal and violent, but they also have some attempt at criticizing authorities and men in general, as it is easy to turn into an animal when you are pursuing or fighting. The harassing images of The Untold Story, the victims of crime, are very strong and definitely have an impact on changing something that could be rotten in society and between the police. But it's nothing to kill in love, it's just the honest, calculated and quick exploitation that by the way produces veteran director Kirk "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong! <br /> <br /> Love to Kill will not get more than 2/10 because I do not have too high awards on movies like this one. (HK) Cinema is supposed to be and can be more, and movies such as Love to Kill are just commercial parasites living among real art pieces.
