Times are hard for Angel Town, the gangs are ruled by an iron fist, and for reasons mostly unknown (mainly because of tortuous writing), the gangs want Martine to join the gangs and beat him every day. However, due to the presence of the Olympic kickboxer (Olivier "The Greatest World Actor" Gruner) by Jacques, hope is on his way. Angel Town is seriously one of the most awkward film news ever created (and I've seen my share), it seems to consist of the idea that all the neighborhoods are in need, French kickboxers who can not act. The worst of all is so many unpleasant moments that he is really cheerful. The best of all comes from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon, which basically summarizes how ridiculous it is. Wit: "Do you like fighting?" (Olivier grabbed his best Asian friend in his head), I could kill him right when I want him to die, he died! The reason I do not want him dead is that I'm afraid, and I know if I kill him, his son and wife will kill me, so he will not die! "<br /> <br /> Of course, the fact that it's wrong to kill someone, let alone your best friend, is of course omitted from the equation. The biggest laugh comes at the end in a disastrous finale that sees Grunner as one to one with members of the gang who (the biggest logical gap of the film) refuse to use the guns, and a veteran veteran from Vietnam also helps shooting a machine gun in the gangs while Gruner copies the rest, all of which is caused by the sound of terrible "Mexican" accents and surreal energies that make it memorable for fans of film waste like this one, and another attitude towards this film is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never goes to college, although this is the main reason why he is here in the States and not in France, how to do with your girlfriend (In the cemetery in the clumsy beginning of the movie) Angel Town is undoubtedly a failure at all possible levels, but if you laugh at crazy martial arts movies with crazy action levels that make no sense at any level, it's the perfect movie for your. On the other hand, make sure that the tequila looks the same as the mixing song "There is no mercy in Angel's Mercy" <br /> <br /> * 4- (bad)
