"Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not the movie as such, but it's a short series of clips with the comic theme of slapstick. This film was won by Richard Lester recognized and paved the way for him to direct the first Beatles movie: "Hard Day Night". Richard Lester directed and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This film was called Running, Jumping & Standing Still Film, intended only for those who helped produce it. Because the film was to be seen by Lester and his partners alone, a small amount of money and time was invested The sole purpose of this film is fun but the main reason for its existence is the fact that it served as an experiment for camera work. It created a 70 pound film and was shot in sepia toned films in the field on a few Sundays All the pictures taken were included in the finished production, the finished production is eleven minutes in length. <br /> <br /> Run, Jump and Stay Still Film is a comedy about English Sundays and the little hobbies that people do to go through E. All the events in this movie take place in the field. Some of these comic events include a laughing lady, a man running around a tree stump with a needle to play the record, a photographer developing a movie in the pond, an artist helping paint the figures on the model's face, a tent tent man, an athlete running over a tent and a man fight with a knife and a man with a gun. Not only does the film attempt to make the hobbies that people are doing to make time, but also to enjoy English in comparison with American culture. Another of the several events in this film is a group of men and a dragon that was built outside the UK flag. One of the men jumps inside the dragon, while the other men try to fly and the dragon breaks. According to Neil Sinyard, the author of Richard Lester's film, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as a minor in power and technology compared to the United States during the cosmic age. According to this scene, British flying primitive dragons, while Americans, the world power after the Second World War, flew highly advanced rockets and shuttles.
