Well, I would have lied if I said it could easily compete with Spiderman or Batman movies. Still, it attracted me because it is a moral value. I first bought VHS when my son was about 2 years old and immediately became his favorite. My wife and I have been enthusiastic about Robert Townsend's adherents and since then have used credit cards to fund their first Hollywood Shuffle. It is true that he needs to use the talents and knowledge of technical advisers to make movies more credible, but his films are still fun. <br /> <br /> Meteor Man provides a hero with Urban Contemporary Feel. I always felt that if they were superheroes, they did not provide the same scenario as in a comic book. Meteor Man is a realistic hero with real problems: a broken car, poor neighborhoods, local drug gangs using children to distribute, etc. The scope of his mission remained in the community practically. <br /> <br /> What I was extraordinarily entertaining, apart from the performance of "Young Eternal" director James Earl Jones, was how the neighborhood responded to its newly discovered powers. It was not before he had a full agenda for him, of course without his contribution. It was fun to hear that they are offering them to borrow from another community where their developed families live. Yes, the conspiracy was weak, the film was predictable, the deal was bad, and the continuity was corrupted, but that's the first place with their children. Robert Townsend is working to talk about "home" movies like this. I doubt he will really be recognized as a talented actor / producer / director who really is, but they are and will always be those who love him for his efforts. One point you think of a movie I find fun: During the whole battle with Simon, no one bothered to call the police ???? Also, what mother and father do you know will watch their son fight out the window? My mother would be right there, broken by the side, tip. Dad would load a gun. lol <br /> <br /> Rent it and look at it. It is worth seeing at least once and well for those of you who are fans of Sinbad, Luther Vandross, Bill Cosby, Big Daddy Kane, etc. Great work with cameras by Robert!
