There's nothing cool, deep or skilful about this movie - it just seems to reveal the ignorance of a real art cinema. How can you easily forget that the central reality of the whole film is that it is a sign and ugly people. . . SÉRIOVÍ VRAZI! If they have to divide completely foreigners to be "family again", then we do not want them to be "family". What was it difficult to grasp? Why clap this dirt? <br /> <br /> This stupid dirt is what you do when you can not make art! The head and life of a person must be deeply empty so that a mistaken mistake is missed as "interesting." This is a brainless camera. What really makes the work of art cool is deep, questioning the status quo from the point of view of history (or, in that case, it would be better!). Instead, it is by chance to accumulate the deadliest images that are available in the world in the fusion, precisely because of a kind of blank fracture celebrated as "the cold cause is so far, man!"). The same violent events really happened every day. They are not "just in the movie". They refer to real, soulless people who would have done the same things to you. Did you want it to happen to you? The child could think this required a zero idea, not surrealism. This lazy crap has no content, it does not say anything - it's just the worst of the evening news, and it says nothing new, nothing we do not know yet. It's the "Emperor's new outfit", the director hopes there are quite uneducated children, proud of their band of inhuman beings, because I see Miike's troublesome fans now: teens who smoke chains and twenty gossip-covered tattoos, metal hanging from the holes they breathed, their knowledge base inversely proportional to their revelation of intelligence. <br /> <br /> There is no PLOT - it's just the exploitation of the violence that causes the shock. There is no "hidden meaning" in this poorly crafted film. It's good to explore the movie to find out if you can find cinematic devices that are sophisticated artistic, but you can not uncover the hidden meaning unless it is there! To do this, you need to check out and check the REAL cinema. There are PLENTY out, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet. Why do not you see a real artistic film similar to these giants? This clever director, Miike, NIKDY does not make a movie that would equal one of the geniuses I just mentioned because he just has no talent! Anyone could clutter chaotic bulls together as a "visitor Q." Teenagers could put it together in one afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no conspiracy, nothing at all. There are long lists of ART movies you learn - but THIS "Visitor Q" is by no means an art film. It has no content. It's just one banal horror stacked on another, and the place you remember the sinister crime is that these things happened every day, somewhere in the world. They are not right because they are "in the movie". They refer to real, soulless people who would have done the same things to you. Did you want it to happen to you? Others? Why? Because this world is already nasty, thanks to people who like to think about such terrifying events like this one. <br /> <br /> There are many artistic movies that use your mind to deconstruct, but you lose your talent with this bite. There is no deeper meaning. No need to analyze anything; why are you still trying? I spent almost 40 years watching almost every movie he ever did and keeping up with all the new ones, but I've never seen anything so disgustingly useless. It's neither imaginative nor shocking, because these types of events take place every day around the world. To make this film, or even favorably, it has caused more than 50 young airheads who do not know it would be better to think it's "cool". They can grow up and think that if they persuade others, some of them may end up doing these things - convicted killers often reveal how they started this way when they were numb for the terrible inhumanity. Trust me for it - I know it's okay, and cool the bitch is NOT. Visitor Q has a real SNUFF movie feeling and I'm still not sure it is not. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is already terrible. Some violence like this could happen to you, or a socially irresponsible director who raised this FAKE artwork. Believe me, you will not think it's "cold" when someone cuts your skull in half!
