(BIG SPOILERS) I saw one more Takashi Miike movie, and it was a very disturbing and brutal "Audition" that was the test of Japanese feminine ideals! In 'Visitors Q' - which in my view means 'Visiting Question' - is a very worrying family unit. Miike's surreal vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and film, but ultimately lacks style and intrigue. We, the audience, introduced a bizarre set of scenarios from the opening scene with a father figure (Kenichi Endo, who was really pretty good) to pay for sex with his exiled daughter (Fujiko). After his father returns home, his head is hit by a "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) who controls a relatively large rock, and for some reason ends up in a family home. Mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and tormented by her son (Jun Muto), who is also beaten and bullied by his school peers. When a visitor enters the house, it is somewhat horribly set up as part of the unit. Finally, the family will begin to improve their relationship with the visitor, breastfeeding, murder, and preserving the feeling of family pride. And there are other crazy scenes that will somehow bring the family closer. . It has an uncomfortable humor, but it is just as frustrating, silly and supernatural. There is a necrophiliac scene that is totally disgusting, but in the end it is ridiculously entertaining as the scene progresses. Partly because of the situation itself and partly because you can not believe what the filmmakers and actors really are doing! The style of the film is bad, and at least the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters themselves are everywhere, and although I understand that it is not realistic, it is not so interested in these confrontational characters and situations, as all of them are bordering on absurdity! Working with the camera is blunt and does not have such a cinematic feeling that Lynch's work requires. It is difficult to take this film seriously at a surreal level or to explain the family unit's exploration in Japan. It seems to me that Miike is shocked and the film seems to be aware that he is "trying" to be shocking and becomes almost comical to take seriously. Overall, I would like to say that this film is a bizarre dark comedy, but it seems amateur and seems unnecessary to be shocked. Miike's previous movie, Audition, was gently balanced between disgusting horror, character development, and technique - which prompted more intrigues in how the film was created to allow the viewer to get involved in the plot. "Visitor Q" is a step down because he is trying too hard to be an extremely bizarre and deliberate confrontation without really having much to say in this process! <br /> <br /> ** from *****!
