I have to say that it was a bit embarrassing for the "cowboy king"; made in 1948, performed for decades after Roye Rogers's earliest film, in which he played the lead role. Roy's character appears to be a little helpless in this, along with his female star, Jane Frazee, who alternates her devotion between Roy and Robert Livingston, depicting the main evil guy Bill Regan. The whole story seems a bit confused, with unused opportunities that could have been a fun hour. Just like the legend of "The Hangman's Hotel," which says the accused man comes alive at midnight. With Andy Devin in Cast as a Cookie Bullfincher you would think the story would be a bit calmed down from that setting. Instead, you have some intricate management that would be better served if it were Bowery Boys. It was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel trick that relied on the poor old Genevieve, which tells the truth that he would have more screen time than Trigger, who had a contract like "The Smartest Horse in the Movies," had nothing to say to the mule. And then you have Foy Willing and his riders of purple sausage to replace Bob Nolan and sons of pioneers for your musical interlude. I do not know about you, but it was halfway and I was still looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> <br /> Still, there was an interesting feature when he looked pretty hard, and it turned out to be Roy's athletic departure from Trigger while he was still running away from bad guys. Okay, it was probably a double piece, but I had not seen her before in several Western countries. Jane Frazee will take the awards as a female leader in this film as well as four other films over Roy in the 1947/1948 timeframe. In the category "Under the Stars of California" appeared as a cousin Andy Devine, appropriately named Caroline Bullfinchero. You are not quite sure which side she will get in this story because she pretends to be someone she's not, and she gets up to the side of a good man almost by accident. <br /> <br /> The fans of old Laurel and Hardy's films could be as surprised as I saw James Finlayson as the Sheriff of Sintown. I would love him to write a little more comic relief in his role, but he eventually had it. I had to wonder when it was after all, why with the old Vanderpoole (Charles Coleman) he crashed in a mine shaft with Cookie when it was not a reason. It's just a way to close it, I think it was about as much thinking as it went to the rest of the picture. I hate to be so harsh, but if you've seen enough roy Roy Rogers, you have to know it's not one of his finest efforts. Tell me, Sintown - Does it seem to be in the same place that grew as Sin City?
