Here are the matches. . . Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) in Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to go in seconds when Warrior shoots him pin (4-3 adv.). I knew Ax was not a healthy man, but if it was so unhealthy, why bother him on the card? That would be his last PPV. Eventually both Legion of Doom and Demolition work cheaply through double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfect uses Perfect Plex on Texas Tornado for pin. He then tries the same on Warrior, but Warrior does not sell it and kicks. Warrior returns with Perfect pin spraying and becomes the only survivor. 5/10 <br /> <br /> Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation in Million Dollar Team) (Mysterious Partner and Rhythm and Blues): Mysterious partner is The Undertaker and his debut, an immediate impact on Koko with The Tombstone (Monsoon can still say that he has the correct height, weight and finishing movement and pretends he does not know who it is) so the Dibiase 4-3 team is a Honky za pin (3-3) and his career with the WWF is over, shortly afterwards, Niedhart, who was the victim of Dibiase with the help of Virgil (3-2 of the lawyer Dibiase) - they come from the top rope, but they do not let the brothers Love, the slave goes to Dusty and counts although he is not a legal man (2-1 team of lawyer Dibiase), almost after him, Greg is captured in the cradle of Hart trying to build a figure with four foot locks on him and gets strapped. He comes down to Hart in Dibia and after a few minutes of nice struggle, Bret reached the cross with a cross Dibiase turned on a pin, Dibiase is the only survivor, at least Hart is good. 6/10 <br /> <br /> Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) in Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory) the power struck Warlord, as he comes from the top rope for the pin (4-3 adv.). The snuck gets caught up in a few seconds by Martel, who turns his body cross (4-2 adv.). Michaels is captured in Power Plex and attached to Romans (4-1 adv.). Now, Roberts is against four men reminded of his efforts at the Survivor Series two years ago. Despite the fact that he hit Warlord with DDT, Roberts is counting on Martel. Visionaries are the first team in the history of the Survivor series, which survives as one. It's not too worth watching, to be honest when psychology hurts. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, "Hacksaw" Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) in Natural Disasters (earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): One Bossman Slam eliminates Haku prematurely 4-3 adv . Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets his 2 to 4 after an earthquake dies with him to be disqualified (3-3). Bravo shortly afterwards committed suicide by allowing Hogan to hold him behind the pin (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake can overcome Bossman with two elbows due to pin shortly afterwards (2-2). Hogan gets beat and finally Tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was there at this time?), Wrestling about 30 seconds before an earthquake counts. Only Hogan and Barbarian remained. The barbarian gets into a nice offense but is inevitably caught in a big boot and leg. Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) at Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanars wore a camouflage on their faces. The flash of fast pins with Santana on Zhukov in the last PPV in seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). It was not Bolshevik settlement either. Bushwhackers hit Sato with The Battering Ram, although Tanaka was a legitimate man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and would be his last performance at WWF PPV and The Orient Express should be overwrapped. Tanaka watches Sato when Santana is stunned by a flying forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite the fact that Slaughter got into the ring against four men, eliminates Volkoff (who is after the end of his career) Butch and Luke in that order quite easily. Santana eventually defeats Slaughter with disqualification when General Adnan strikes him with an Iraqi flag. Finally, some interesting reservations, even if the game was terrible. Santana wins as the only survivor and becomes his last time. 3/10 <br /> <br /> Eggs appear and Hector Guerrerro is in silly gear. He dances with Gene Okerlund, and gets confused by the crowd, while Piper and Monsoon pretend to be enjoying themselves. <br /> <br /> Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana in Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just another catalog of eliminations like Santana pins Warlord in seconds with a flying forearm at least to avenge his previous defeat of Summerslam (4-3 adv Dibiase team). Dibiase stunts the Santana weapons after the pin (4-2 adv Dibiase team). Hogan jumped out of The Power Plex and continued to finish the rome on the clothesline, effectively killing Power and Glory (3-2 Dibiase team). Hogan eliminates Martel counting and Dibiase with his feet behind the pin (2-1 Hogan team). Hogan will finally allow Warrior to fight, which after splashing will quickly remove the former Nemesis Hercules. A very predictable ending up to the point of nausea. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Overall, too many matches and too little time apparently had a damaging effect as wrestlers are almost waiting for the conveyor belt to be pinned. Most of the heels were destroyed by Warrior and Hogan, which is a bad way to handle a large list of wrestlers.
