Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the most famous women on Saturday Night Live. She is unhappy with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph at SNL during the longest period of unsuccessful writing and sketching (about 2002-2006) she's ever had a show. Yet these two women most know what is funny, and they know how to write a fun movie. In the movies of this movie you will notice that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story "Spring Breakdown," but who wrote a real script, consisting of dialogue and all the important stuff that made the story into a multidimensional movie? Yeah, just Shiraki. One guy wrote a dialogue for this movie, and no one obviously wrote a screenplay with him. The result is a nice cliché on a spring break film that does not deny so much of a faux holiday as it uses it just as MTV does every year. If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey could contribute his script to the manuscript, it would be much less cliché. The prerequisite is the original, which is about thirty-something women who were unpopular at high school (and probably college) who never had a spring trip they were supposed to dream of. I say "supposedly" because you never know what is fun for these characters. In the past, they have entered talent shows where they sing old pro-female anthems like "True Colors" and spend the night together with their own pizzerias. Although none of them are particularly unattractive, the outside world seems to behave like them. There is a scene where blind student Poehler (played by Poehler's real life husband Man Will Arnett) asks her out on a date, just touch her face and instantly change his mind. If Poehler's character is unattractive, she obviously hired a bad actress. The film still promises even though we have doubts about the main characters when Posey's boss, Texas Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jane Lynch, always funny) hires Posey to look at her unpopular old age girl (Amber Tamblyn, who plays one more a woman who is attractive in real life but not in the eyes of all the characters in this movie) goes to Laguna Beach as a Spring Break. Poehler and Dratch arrive, they reluctantly get into the pain, party, as if they were in college, and then there is a final conflict with the femoral tendons led by Sophie Monk. Sophie Monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has the body of both women and men who would kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career is a rough beginning with the terribly dysfunctional "Date Movie" (2006) and disappointing "Click" (2006). Here she plays in the South Belle, even though her voice sounds like she has stolen the voice mailbox of Delta Burka. She did a little too much, trying too hard to play a fake female that she comes just like a cartoon of spoiled college kids like the rest of extra. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" was released directly on DVD despite Amy Poehler's star power, but rightly because the story is too cliché. It may also be called "National Lampoon's Spring Breakdown," and the magazine is unlikely to sue for trademark violations for free promotion. If director Shiraki provided at least one woman with creative work, especially Rachel Dratch, this movie would be great and not nearly as fashionable phrase comedies we saw earlier. I know Dratch comes up with another fun concept and hopefully he'll be able to fill the rest of the script. She's pretty funny and she deserves better than this half-burned comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother with open arms.
