I have never read Gary Paulsen's novel, Hatchet, for which "A Cry in the Wild" is an adaptation, so I can not compare the book. Yet I will say that as a film in itself, adaptation or no adaptation, it was a poorly developed adventure that does not provide any significant explanation for its few characters. Think of "Cry in the Wild" as a less luxurious, adolescent climber (was Quincy, California the only place where it was filmed?) Version of "Cast Away". Jared Rushton is 13-year-old Brian Roebson, a child on a small plane to visit his father until the craft encounters some desolate mountain terrain and leaves the child stuck for a while and has to defend himself. > <br /> The film is basically three. Of course, there are ten or fifteen minutes of characters, namely Brian and his mother. <br /> <br /> Another third of the movie (which really consumes almost the entire movie) is Brian's "Roughing". These scenes contain no admirable action, nothing spectacular than many beautiful cinemas of the beautiful Yukon landscape. Nothing you could have on the edge, no real encounter (except for a quick confrontation with the young), and no big dilemma that could bring any pleasure or connection to the character on the screen. You may even feel a bit bored with the passing of time when we see Brian dealing with his situation using the first, primitive means and then refined (using tools, etc.) for his survival. It's a rather common period of time that passes if you're actually stuck in this situation, and that's to a large extent. In other words, they had no meat on Paulsen's words when translated into visual media. And, of course, the third part of the film is his rescue. <br /> <br /> There is a subplot that constantly strives to get to know himself during this time. Some conflict between Brian and his parents, who created a rocky and unpleasant relationship between them. Mostly, however, they occur only in short, intermittent, minimal dialogue shows that look more like a story of a music video. Every minute, a singer from Jefferson Starship, should start singing "Sara". In addition to what a viewer can draw from the consequences, or to guess about their own need to fill the gaps in narrative, we get a very developed story that was probably necessary to get at least part of this film and create a connection with characters, whether it has or had nothing along with Brian's survival adventure in the third part of the film. These are mistakes in the narrative that go into the stupor and try to find out what those people are doing on the screen, and I almost ended up screaming at the TV to say something and tell me more! <br /> <br /> It was definitely not a good story for me for adventure. But for the fans of Jared Rushton it was one of the last few films he made. So, observe it purely on nostalgia, if nothing else.
