Another great star obsession, another magic set, another famous director, another movie filled with songs that surpass the graphics, but unfortunately what is missing at the end of the day is the story that every film audience expects from such a big budget. So much humor is what lurked around the movie before it's the "red carpet of the premiere." A mood that has come to the point that Anil Kapoor assumes the film will be one of the best love stories ever created after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge No Anilji, which movie did you talk about? So the film's story is about 6 different couples and 12 different people who have a different attitude to life, but despite their different approach to life, they all have a common problem, that is LOVE. a very tempting subject, but we had little to expect the film to be such a bore that it would make it impossible for the audience to have such a multi-story movie, which is something I despised, because after spending a good buck on a multiplex ticket, I'm locked in the theater for 4 hours, just waiting for agony for the top. <br /> <br /> The problem starts right from the beginning. he was so terribly confused that somewhere he was even confused about how to share a time span with six different star casts. Some couples, such as Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan - (no matter who's against each other) just have no sense of their existence in the movie. Salman (Who says it's a strange way for the whole movie, like Rahoooooool), as usual, will try to be extraordinarily cool with his Vida with a little Hindu accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, when Aish marries, at least make a tip from Abhishek to improve your acting skills. A simple striptease would not make the movie every time a hit box. And Anilji stops shaving your beard's trademark or you look just like an eunuch. And when you look at a girl from the age of your daughters, it looks as unruly as looking at Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please, Nikhilji avoid doing such unnecessary scenes in a movie that is not completely needed to shoot. The second bigger mistake in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between stories of different couples. Each story itself looks as though it had been taken over by various movements built into the Salaam-E-Ishq sadistic plot. Bollywood still has to learn a lot from films such as Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art of tying various unrelated sequences to create a perfect mixed story. Somewhere when I evaluated the preliminary release of a movie review someone predicted that the movie would not do good because the title of this movie is added to numbers 28 and 28 is considered a bad number in Numerology. But I totally take my stand by saying that the film will undoubtedly fail from its numerological defects, but because of the countless mistakes that have persisted in the film. And when a director like Nikhil Advani can make such serious mistakes throughout the movie, no wonder he would not save the boxing bombing movie. My suggestion for all the guys is to avoid watching this movie at any price. It is not worth paying for a ticket. There are really better movies on stage screens at present that are worth watching more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
