After seeing only half of the movie in November in November, I saw that it was on the Flix channel today and decided to check it out to see the rest and write a new review. <br /> <br /> The book on which the film is based, Hatchet, is fine. But that's a terrible adaptation. <br /> <br /> The tremendous (and I think terrible) acting, bad dialogue and average cinematography make this terrible adaptation of Hatchet. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brian, who is the image of a young late-eighties clickable (a sports parrot banging his head to 80s rock music) and his mother drives in the car to get on the plane to fly up to saw his estranged dad, his parents are divorced ... now they are a dramatic pause.) Now Brian said good-bye to his mother and dog and flies up to see his father. The pilot is a fat, ugly, crude man (not in the book) who has a heart attack and dies after 2 minutes. The book goes in more detail with the fact that the pilot has more pain and seemed to be in the air much longer than the pilot had a heart attack. The airplane (left in the next two minutes) left empty fuel (let us viewers expect to be there for hours even though the sun did not change the position and the scenery looks exactly the same way.) Now the crash landed. <br /> <br /> This is a place in a movie where everything is completely different from what was in the book. The book says his jacket was torn to pieces, but in the movie he's absolutely okay without tears and tears (looks to have just bought him), never told he climbed a mountain, saw a wolf and fell asleep there never did not say he had been attacked by a bear (he said a lot, but not a bear), never told that he had mistaken her for a second tornado or that he had learned to get those sparrows and skin and eat them or the small fishing passport , which he does (which is destroyed by one of the tornados), did not even mention that he would hurt his ribs from one of the tornadoes. <br /> <br /> You do not even think you can call what the tornado was in the movie. It was all but a storm that took away several of his things. My favorite part of this camp festival was Brian's lame flashbacks (which have never been mentioned in the book), especially the cliché scene Briana wakes up, walks to the window and sees his father (with all his wrapped things that can fit perfectly into the back of his truck) and leaves and shouts "DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDD !!!!" (but his father did not hear him even though he was just right outside) and he tossed his fist through the window (wtf?) The end is the only thing that comes close to what happened to me in the book (I said it close.) In the book I think that one of the key things that pilot Brian said when he landed was: "You are the boy they were looking for!" But they left this line in the movie. There is a pathetic epilogue with Brian (somehow without counseling or therapy) to return to normal with his family. I think we should assume they gathered on Thanksgiving (because they had a turkey on the counter). Then he shows his temporary home (for what it looked like three days in the film, but in the book for several months) and his ax, still in the tree where he left (also did not appear in the book) showing where he carved the message so perfectly made "HOME" (where should we really believe he carved it perfectly with this ax?) No quote can sum up this movie better than when Enid of the Ghost World said, "It's so bad that it's good and again poorly." Perfect description of this movie. I would not recommend it to someone (who did not read the book) and just watch the movie or someone who read the book (because they will be disappointed and bored to death.) For those who read the book, leave what fantasy you have created as a movie. This is terrible and will bring you thoughts about the book. <br /> 1/10
