Six at the price of one! So it's time for nomads. It's not so? This is not one, not two, but all the Six-Love Stories, a cast of top Bollywood stars and all the stories in the genre of your favorite best director Johar, Bhansali, Chopra, and others. You will see every bloody type of love story you've enjoyed or better tolerated for years. So no big problem for you. Do you need anything other than this? No, sir, thank you. Why sir? It's enough. Please save us. They signed every top star they had signed, whether it was a request or not, so they would end up making a circus of stars, believe it or not. Too crowded Everything described here is exactly as it is prescribed in a bullywood textbook of romance. In addition, you have to justify the length given to each story, because everyone has stars. That's why it's too long - three hours plus. Gags are movies. Characters are movies. Problems, barriers, situations, solutions? yes, did you guess right? movies tested and tested. The same hundred dancers dance colorful costumes in the background. Why do not they have another job? All couples are sweet, sweet, fabulous, perfect. They are all good looking. Every story starts perfectly and should end in this impossible impossible way too? Too random. You can not connect to one story. Here's what you've seen once a million times. Bloody fake, unreal, escaped abnormal stories considered normal for over a hundred years since the development of this Indian cinema. What mockery of today's audience? Yes, it could work like a parody if it just gave away tributes to love-stories about old times, but unfortunately this thing is not explored. At least director Nikhil Advani should try one unconventional, unconventional love story, but then what happens to the tradition that he lives up to the brand of a commercial battleship brigade? Oh! Someone has to go on, no. Imagine that, on the one hand, it is difficult for an audience to sit down one such love story, and here we have six times more pain. I mean, six damn stories. I mean twice the fun of the Mohabbatein chopper (Year 2000). At this age and time, you get something real, guys. Now we are desperate to see some not so diverse people and not so clear stories Oh, what have you just said now - come on, it's fun. My advice, please, do not waste your time since reading such reviews. Go instead, you have more fun! Thank you.
