Who are these "actors" - actors? movie makers? He certainly could not be an audience - he is one of the most air-inflated productions. Is it a kind of movie that looks like a lot of fun shooting? There's too much fun, no one is doing any real work, and it's almost always making a movie that's not fun to watch. Ritter takes his glasses to hit his character's home like some doppleganger seen by Bogdan; Mrs. Stratten's breeze scenes are sweet, but they feel tormented, looking guys - I like talking. Ben Gazzara sports his usual squeezed Canarian smile in unnecessary effort to highlight a horrible plot that requires Audrey Hepburn to spend all his interest in narcolepsy at insomnia clinics. Meanwhile, the children of the beginning couple (warning of nepotism: Bogdanovic's daughter) choose cute and choose some rather disturbing pointers to "love" when they watch their parents. (Mrs. Hepburn, who, on the basis of her dignity, manages to get out of control - but has a monumental challenge to play with herself, seemingly.) Everyone looks great, but what? It's a movie and we can expect so much, if that's what you're looking for, it would be better if you chose a copy of Vogue. Oh, and it must be mentioned that Colleen Camp is annoying, even out of singing, which, although competent, is totally unconvincing ... country and western numbers are badly not in line with soundtrack standards. Surely this is not what Gershwin meant (who wrote the song from which the name of the movie comes); his stage musicals from the 1920s may be mild, but at least they have long been spellbound. "They all laughed" trying to stay on their good intentions, but no one - at least Peter Bogdanovich - has a good sense of inhibition. <br /> <br /> Due to the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this film has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovic - even bought it back from its producers, then splitting it apart and defeated when it did not show up popular. His rise and fall are among the more compassionate and tragic stories in Hollywood, so it's no pleasure to criticize the movie ... there are real emotional investments in Mrs Stratten's scenarios. But "Laugh" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show," "Paper Moon," or "What's Up, Doc" - after "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love" it was a thunderous confirmation of the stage that PB never appeared. Overall, the film is harmless, it's just a loss of rent. I want to watch that people have a good time, I go to the park on a sunny day. I will hold Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy for the film of joy and love ...
