There are plenty of problems with Salaam-e-Ishq Nikhil Advani. A single-handed concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier English film - Love Actually) is terribly bad due to the awkward and shallow writing. A well-thought idea is crushed into laughter under the influence of its own stunning ambition. The director, who was so completely overshadowed by his really big applause of the first film, goes over the deck with the devices that worked in his previous movie (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to count how many times a split screen device is used in this shot. The problem is what in Kal Ho Na Ho was a wonderful excess of the Karan Johar film school, but here, "emotion" does not realize us on the screen - not even the cursor. The writer / director gives us six relationships with one common problem - love, but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the "emotion"? "Honor of Love" without emotion? And one that goes on and on ...... No, it just can not work! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the fundamental requirement for a portmanteaus film to function in such a way that each individual story should be "complete," should - in some way or else - follow the graph of the traditional structure of the three acts (guru for screening, Paradigm Sydney Field). That's the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had any depth or roller coaster ride of the emotional fluctuations and crashes we expect in the mainstream of the Hindu cinema. Also, the connection between some stories seemed to be insignificant and very compelling. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takie's wedding. If asked to be present on the wedding dress on a clean wrap, why not smoke a few coincidences and bring two more couples to the wedding? That would be cleaner. But yes, some stories have had many promises. For one, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla is trying to solve a very real situation - a half-life crisis, but his journey is so linear that you're wondering if it really was a question. Similarly, the problem of deploying in Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia's story is also true to life. If it was a bit better. I felt that the more promising stories in this mish-slush were told from a male perspective, which is fine, but it reduces the emotional quotient of these stories because the female figures - especially Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia - have all the depth of a half filled bathtub. Would not this movie be about "12 different lives"? Now actors. John Abraham still needs to learn acting while Vidya Balan is as reliable and as cute as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a role written for him, but sometimes overcomes his character's boredom. Since she could not imagine a mass character, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and naturally acting style to cover her. Akshaye Khanna is all right, although she appears a little overhead in several scenes. Ayesha Takia has nothing to do but reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her brilliant performance in Dor. Govinda is trying to compensate for the huge mistake called Bhagam Bhag and will do a great deal. <br /> <br /> It brings me the most irritating trail of the movie (which will end up with the reduction of maximum screen time) Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is irritating primarily for them. But I have to admit it for their consistency. They're always in the movie. Priyanka could be another Queen of Hamming - I do not buy bullshit that her role (the "girl girl") forces her to act over the top. Someone should tell her the difference between being flamboyant because it requires character and absolutely shocking. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (who seems to be inspiring for this role) in the interviews and Biggos Boss, you'll know what I mean. I strongly think that if Nikhil Advani took Rakhi Sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would work better. Salman Khan's fake accent is ... well, Hindi Shannon Esry is less stressed than Salmanova. <br /> <br /> In order to be fair to the director, he managed to add some good directories to the film. I liked the use of gray as the predominant color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawl as a metaphor of their boring existence and bright colors that come into the story with the arrival of the other woman. But will anyone decide to paint their house in different, depressing shades of gray? This is an acceptable film license, as I would say. But when the film runs for nearly four hours, he almost feels that the director is trying too hard to see the audience see his "touch" in an infinitely meandering bunch of indescribable sequences. Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater for as long as we can - foot Naina, dip it on him.
