As you can expect, the film Mazursky created in the 1970s would be anti-cultural, compassionate with hippies - and there would be a lot of hippies - and naturally it's a childish anti-authoritarian (like Scene to Mexican when Sutherland provokes an officer's habit of (Sutherland) long hair, a constant left wing could get on my nerves if I had not been prepared for it in advance, Sutherland is thinking aloud to her family and friends about possible film ideas for their next film and most of them are either blacks or Indians (not to say that they will be welcomed in Hollywood today) One of his film ideas is about a black rebellion in Beverly Hills - racing warriors, so to speak, in the middle of LA .. This is the kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks about writing scripts for his films. ers hippie Sutherland make fun of the black revolution and the resulting dialogue is not bad, a little later, a Jewish guy doing rupture of Sutherland make a film about "masturbation and black problem" when the other starts talking about masturbation. Another funny moment is when Sutherland's older daughter performs on stage with their white comrades on a PC, and they all say, "We, black people from South Africa ...". <br /> <br /> In Hollywood, Hollywood's Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Film Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Hollywood Now it's really very honest. The scene with Fellini (playing alone) is more fun than unpleasant. Mazursky throws standard flower kids and anti-Vietnamese bulls in the soup and also entertains in corporate Hollywood, but he / she is also part of a "fake Hollywood" (the lyrics of that song in a surrealist war segment) like everyone else; I'm sure he too is doing a fake little conversation at parties in Beverly Hills and angry when he shakes hands with people he either does not know or not, but whose money is wrong for his next (left wing). As for his hair, he has the worst hair I've ever seen (on film or elsewhere); this is like the long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if it took a long time. The film remains relatively interesting despite its aimlessness, but in the last third he took some breath. If you would like to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other actors in Hollywood), please contact me by e-mail.
