"The Baptists at Our Barbecue" is the best film ever to be. Now that I have warned you of this terribly inaccurate statement that should be annoying when it comes to talking, let me begin my short review of this labile, abusive, inventive and boring waste dumps. I think you might think about the movie. Firstly, the low budget of this smell is quite obvious on the basis of the very poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa and the kind, too preaching, wailing and sharp script from F. Mathew Smith. I really despise the fact that it is broadcasting very promormonal and other anti-religious messages. Yes, the story is about a small town half full of Mormons and half full of Baptists. It shows all the main and role-model characters who are Mormon, and they are so beautiful and perfect, yet they are picked up by malicious, focused, and very judicious Baptists. It shows how beautiful the Mormons are, and how they are blessed with cold and unconscious fraternity, instead of showing little solidarity as if fit and realistic. I'm a part of religion (actually, I'm an atheist), but it's offended me along with countless other Baptists most likely. It shows the Baptists that they are very unopened and reluctant to the Mormons, and that the Mormons are very much accepted when there is, in fact, a reciprocal form / dislike among them. Sorry, I did not want to go to the wound. Another aspect of "Baptists at our Grilling," which I was not much interested in, was an actor. The performances are very amateur and unnatural, especially from female head Heather Beers. Miss Beers walks her way without any passion or sentiment for my role, and I was not overwhelmed by Dan Merkley, who is the main character in this disordered film, but I have to say he's much more talented or showing off another talent in this movie, then Heather Beers. Whoever played the city's sheriff was also terrible. Although there may be a deep laugh in the movie, it is full of clichés. For example, the main character, Tartan (Merkley), finds comfort with the Native American, who always gives him the best advice on tribal lifestyle issues - how is the cliché? To make the situation even more pathetic clichés, Tartan buys a poor, lone buckwheat puppy. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you have any advice, stay so far from "Baptists at our barbecue" as you can. I saw it on the shelf and I thought it would be a cute and interesting little India about religion. All I got was a kid. Stage: D- <br /> <br /> My Review Wizard - A + (Absolutely Impeccable); A (masterpiece, almost perfect); A- (excellent); B + (great); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (average); C- (disappointment); D + (bad); D (very bad); D- (absolutley horrendous); F (not one redemption in this gem of Hollywood feces).
