The notion of this horror movie made for television is ridiculous behind the words, but hey, it was the late 1970s, and literally all stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable so why not use the idea of ​​a satanically obsessed dog? The story of "Devil Dog" can easily be described as a fan of the horror genre: simply think about "Omen" and replace a newborn baby with a nest of German whispering! Seriously, I'm kidding, that's what the movie is about! During the initial succession, members of some sort of Satanic cult buy a hot dog in order to impregnate Satan himself. Do you think the Lord of Darkness also has other things to do than to beg for Shepard in Germany and to take over the world with one evil puppy at that time, but apparently not. Just like little Damien in "The Omen," one puppy is taken in a model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. But Lucky? this is the name of a dog? is pure evil and destroys annoying neighbors and noble school teachers in derived and transported paths. He also causes his pernicious character on a family wife and children, but can not force his father (Richard Crenna) to hold his hand in the mower because he is "chosen". The whole thing becomes too nasty for words when Crenna finally travels to Ecuador to find old wall painting and gets advice from an old wizard who speaks perfectly English. I think he learned he was living in isolation at the top of the mountain all his life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's Happening to Helen", "Ruby") and actor Richard Crenna ("Wait till Dark", "The Evil") are desperately trying to create a thrilling and mysterious atmosphere, but everything is in vain. Scenes like a cute puppy's eyes spontaneously fire a Spanish maid or dog avoiding bullets without moving, causing laughter instead of spooks and even scary music melodies can not. "Special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end when the Satan-dog mutates into a completely raw shadow on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really silly movie, but it's certainly fun to watch late at night with friends and lots of alcohol. There are the fun short portraits of Martin Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the scary cult of the Queen and R.G. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as a dealer of evil, vegetable and puppies. And yes, the annoying daughter is the same guy who avoided when she complained about Carpenter's "Assault on Precinct 13" ice cream.
