It offers a killer combination of horrible writing, horrific acting, and horrible direction, that Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects is offensive or simply furious. It's almost as if someone has played a competition to become the strongest strongest cannon movie. Just like your only chance to see Charles Bronson, a policeman who has a dirty life on the bed, and grabs a dildo - but do not worry, that's okay, since the screen shout clearly shows that he's just torturing him for information. After all, even though she is a little overcrowded with her pretty Catholic daughter, she is a nice Catholic cop who regularly brings local O'Connell's priest William O'Connell a lunch pack and believes in poetic justice - or at least ensure that they have a taste for their own medicines. But then that's what you call him "Look, I think you're a little unstable." Still, when he later offers a bribe, he may squeeze "I'd like to sit down, but I do not want dirty hands," he knew clearly where to draw the line: instead he just makes $ 25,000 worth of money and Cadillac lights him. The anal obsession even leads to the title of the film: despite the poster posing as a naked Japanese porn girl, the film is just an example of Kinjite / forbidden subjects as an English teacher Alex Hyde explains to a group of Japanese entrepreneurs is that you are talking about your bowel movements in polite society . <br /> <br /> The Bronson is not too old because the fight is too bright, too old for Peggy Lipton's love and she looks old enough to have grown-up children. Better actor than if he thought he would be devoted to the right material, he would have less well thought-out characters than a lot of nasty reactionary moods. If they do not spread the circles of the suspects, they accidentally throw them away from the buildings. Certainly not P.C. copper with a special disdain for the Japanese - as if it were not bad enough that they are buying US businesses, which is worse, doubling on public land! No racial minority, whether a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel official, has any unclassified cop, no matter whether it is the boss who has a fist on the table or a dead partner (Perry Lopez and his flamboyant hair dye, which is so prominent that the billing screen deserves all its own). A pair of fences - Bronson's policeman L.A., who is trying to take down Juana Hernandese, a pimp who deals with juvenile girls and a Japanese porn trader James Pax? take the forever to intertwine and then the least likely ways: after kicking off the Bronson's daughter's feeling on the bus ("Some oriental guy touched my holy holiness!"), the film is thought of poetic justice Pax finds her own daughter kidnapped by Hernandez. You do not expect the writer to grab his head at the corner of the screen and say, "How do you like apples?" Somewhere underneath the laziness is the key to a good idea, although it's too muddly developed to make clear what this idea really is, but the executions are pure Rising Sun: The Archie Bunker Version, shot as an out-of-the-art R-rated 80s musical video with an outrageous and somewhat lazy dock - "The final shot," which sees a small army of machine guns, suddenly appears to the homeless. The last of Bronson is mostly mistaken in different ways with J. Lee Thompson? and sadly Thompson's last film as a director - it's a bad sign for two undervalued players who are not more likely to be so distinctive about what the photos said yes.
