Blood Legacy begins with the arrival of a lawyer, Tom Drake (Norman Bartold), in the Dean's estate formerly owned by the now deceased Christopher Dean (John Carradine). He was welcomed by four children of Dean, Gregory (Jeff Morrow), Laura (Merry Anders), Victoria (Faith Domergue), Johnny (Richard Davalos) and Leslie (Brooke Mills) and her friend Carl Isenberg (John Smith). Drake plays tape tape recording that after his death he wishes a later father, $ 136 million worth of equity must be divided evenly among his four children, if someone died, the money would be evenly distributed among the others, and if everyone was dying strange servants of Elgy (Ivy Bethune), Igor (Buck Kartalian), and Frank (John Russell). It's not happy with the quarterly $ 136 million (which is still almost $ 35 million back in 1971, which does not sound too bad), someone decides they want it all for themselves and it's not long, the fridge ... <br /> <br /> Co-written, produced and directed by Roy Monson Blood Legacy disappointed me in two accounts. To begin with, this film is an alternative and more common name, Legacy of Blood, also called Andy Milliagan's terrified horror film of '78, which I always wanted to see, both movies being mixed regularly because they both have similar stories and when I checked my TV on cable television on Legacy of Blood I was excited because he said it was a Milligan movie and even introduced him as a director so when I actually sat down to watch him and I heard John Carradine's voice & it's not the Milligan movie I wanted to see, my heart sank. Then there is, of course, a simple but undoubtedly straightforward fact that Blood Legacy is a totally complete piece of crap that is literally painful when you look at it sometimes. The script of Monson and Eric Norden is slow, boring and extremely predictable. The characters are totally bizarre and annoying when a servant who asks his sisters (?) To suppress him, a weird set of brothers and sisters who are totally dissimilar and so far away from the fact that any tension or mystery, simplifying the story that you could achieve it is really missing and then there's a terrible end-to-end surgery that you can guess over the first 10 minutes. It's boring to watch, it's a bad pace, and it's just work to think about it. Please, someone save me because it's really bad stuff. I could go all day to see how bad the Blood Legacy is, I really could. Director Monson either worked with no other budget, or if he did not, he would not even manage traffic. The whole movie looks ugly, it's poorly photographed and it's not the atmosphere or the fear. Blood and blood are twisted, it's an ax in the head, a head of the head, a scene where someone strikes killing a wax and the best murder when someone's face piranha. There are question marks on this scene, so there is a sacrifice, right. There's a piranha, right. The victim's head is located in the piranha tank, on the right. Pirahna to eat the victims of the faces, right. Does the water remain crystal clear even though the victim has one face where the blood is? Technically, Blood Legacy is terrible, it looks terrible, the sound was obviously shot and it's muted and hard to hear what a terrible dialogue is perhaps a disguised blessing. The performance will not win any prize, which is certain, at least as much as it says, the better. <br /> <br /> Blood Legacy is a terrible movie, there really is not a single positive aspect, or I can not think of it. Do a favor and do not worry about this, there are much better movies.
