I rented the video "The Piano Teacher," about nothing more than what was written on the video box. I did it with some fear because the films that won the Cannes Awards are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this is the second category. About a quarter of the way into her I found out loudly saying, "This movie is boring." About halfway I thought, "Where did I see it before?" In three quarters I realized that. Despite his literary background, this film is basically a remake of Robert Altman much earlier (1969) and better: "This Cold Day in Park." Although these details, of course, differ, and Altman's work was rather conspiratorial and less character-based, these two films are thematically identical. There is nothing new in this production. Every aspect of his aspect has been resolved before: a figure that is constantly out of control with ever more self-defeating behavior (Abel Ferrara is "Bad Lieutenant" 1992); perverted and condemned "love" culminating in the opera (almost) deadly scene (David Cronenberg's "M. Butterfly" 1993); unusually brutal sexual scenes (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); and so on. That's why I'm overwhelmed by the fact that the film was "shocking", "shattered", etc. This highly derived film seems to have been made with the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable and apparently successful with some. However, I mostly attribute this reaction to the lack of experience in the film. Check out enough movies and eventually you'll see. And while it's true that I've seen an outdated "R-rated" version, I doubt other scenes will change my overall view of "The Piano Teacher". Technically, the film is not merciless. There is some very good work with the camera and the lighting is excellent. Isabelle Huppert's outstanding performance also helps save her from the loss of time. This is the first of Hane's films I've seen, and if I had to see more, I would have expected the same view of him as I have about Ferrara: an interesting director, but not nearly the genius that others will do. Rating: 4/10.
