I've been a fan of all things Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie was disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, I come from a well-educated family, and I go to the church at my own discretion, which is likely to end up with lots of Bill's views. Bill's problem is that he assumes that religion is consistently negative. It is right to document its sociological aspects, ie, One faith builds its feasts on the other side, and many wars have begun due to religion (or more precisely by the sinister appetite of people to the ultimate and indisputable authority of God), but said he never cares about his positive side. Quite frankly, I think it will freeze the mud before Bill attempts humblely and travels to the Kalum Quarries, where Mother Teresa has spent her life with the poorest of the poor. She is of course dead, but she could easily visit Jesuit priest in East LA, run by Homeboy Industries, who works with young men typically with gang and prison backgrounds to teach their career skills, remove tattoos and become responsible members or visit the Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, USC, which has associated some of the world's best theologians, diplomats, and investment bankers to study ways to ethically integrate the world's poorest countries into global capital markets, thereby improving standards of living for half the world's people living in less than 1 dollar per day. Of course he will not, because it would require him to consider evidence that easily fails to confront his prejudices about religion, and it is much easier to continue the smile, superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> It fits into another big problem with Bill's film, which is that no one is ever at his level or who is better than him. In this film, you spend most of the time talking to truck drivers at a nondenominational Christian station, in a nightclub with a Dutch guy who smokes all the time, with the minister of the Viennese church in Miami who claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and the actor plays Jesus in the "Holy Land" theme park. What you will not see in the movie Bill, for some superficial speculation next to Ph.D. at the Grand Central Station that religion chemically changes the brain as a drug, and that religion is a deception of the traditions processed at the masses is any kind of serious and questioning conversations with philosophy and school theological professors such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, which would could easily discuss the issue. You will not see any serious discussion of any of C.S. Lewise, G.K. Chesterton, or some papal encyclicals, and of course, you will not find any discussion of any faith in non-Abraham (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam). Everything you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a liberated dream elitist from the west side of Los Angeles, who makes a film for his own kind and who has absolutely no intellectual understanding of how the other half of America that George W. Bush (lives twice) his life or the thought school behind him. I have a lot of what Bill says, but for someone who has his intellect and influence, this film was nothing less than poor. Anyone who is interested in such a kind of intellectual leaven, which usually brings indie, could find more stimulation in the old repetition of the Teletubbies.
