Elfriede Jelínek, a hitherto unknown name, is the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature. Her novel brought a film that won the second prize in Cannes and the best awards for men and women. Am I a dinosaur in aesthetic recognition, or is art so useless that everything goes? <br /> <br /> "Gobble, Sink" is the preferred orthographic representation in the UK of bubbling Turkish noise. In the movie world, turkey is a monumental flop, measured by cash receipts or critical income. "Talk, Swallow" and the piano teacher are perfect partners. The terrible horror of this widely animated film can not be exaggerated. It starts very badly, as if the viewer was upset. Credits interrupt indispensable scenes for more than 11 minutes. We are acquainted with Professor Erika Kohut, apparently with an alter-ego of the incarnate author, a stone professor of the piano. She lives with her harsh and horny mom. Dad is an institutionalized fool who dies invisible during what's going through the action. It is difficult to re-evaluate the piano, in addition to the fact that he has noticed his inconvenience. What we see in the movie (and could read it in the book about everything I know) is a spectacular, exploitative, nonsensical story about an emotional pendulum that swings back and forth without moving any further. <br /> <br /> Erika, whose name is minimally used, is initially shown as a person with intense musical sensitivity but otherwise completely suppressed. Not quite because, in two steps, the handbag is with its gravely mamma at the beginning with great apologies. If the reviewer has extracted the leitmotif (why not use the hard word, if it was easier), Elrika would forcibly change the mood. She was a young girl, Walter, becoming a "low voltage" engineer, whatever it is, and playing hockey in a few leisure-time moments, is also a talented pianist. She meets Elrika on an old-fashioned recital in a luxury apartment that may or may not be Paris. In glib fashion so much art, he immediately falls in love and begins "cherchez la femme". Deserted Erika likes hardcore pornography, she briefly showed but graphically for a few seconds as she sniffs the garbage cloth in a private cabin where she watches. Walter performs a great bankruptcy and is reluctantly accepted as a private student of Erika, whose learning style is characterized by remoteness, hostility, alienation and humiliation. Soon she declares her love and longs to persecute Erik to the Lady, where she is dealing with a gentle and incomplete oral and incomplete oral sex. Erika retains control over her love affection. She promised to send him an instructional letter for more pleasant exchanges. Meanwhile, he is frighteningly jealous of Walter's kindness toward a nervous student who has literally backtracks before a rehearsal for a future concert, Erika fills a student pocket coat with broken glass and causes serious injuries to the soft piano. Another big scene (harassment of sexual self-harm, etc.) Walter appears on the apartment shared by Erika with his mother. Erika want to be humiliated, bound, slapped, etc. Sensible Walter is rejected for the time being and goes into the night. At this point, it's still nearly an hour. The viewer can only worry about the worst. Erika watches Walter on the ice rink where he does his hockey practice. They went to the back room. Lusty Wally is unable to withstand the arms that pull his pants. His "baby sauce" is soon expelled by other stomach contents. He shouted. <br /> <br /> Removed, but addicted, perhaps desiring revenge for an insult recently on the floor, Walter returns to Erika's apartment. Can you guess what's going to happen now? It's not too deep or difficult. Yes, he's going to be brutal while Erika becomes a victim. For a moment, she locks in her room, Mamana and Erica, slapping her face, having sex with her, and restoring her love affair. <br /> <br /> I am unjust in this summary? Watch the movie if you want, but I'd advise you not to do it. Anyone who can see eternity in the sand if he is in the right mood. I could explain the demanding depiction of human relationships that this movie brought if I wanted to. But I advise because this is a cheap and unpleasant film that appeals to instincts and does not say anything. I have to say that a suppressed parent, Erika, longs for love, tries inefficiently in pornography, inappropriately refuses to appear, pink and pulsating, under her nose, lately realizes she does not like hurting, blah, blah, blah. The world has not explained it for reasons. He obviously develops a monster from someone who looks super-loving - but we all know that every person is a potentially violent rapist, because that's his basic nature, though he tries to tell himself and the world differently. <br /> <br /> In the end, if you have the patience to be there, there is a small twist. Before going to the final scene where he is going to be replaced as a student with dirty hands, Erika packs a knife in her purse. For Walter? Yes, you are ahead of us. He kills himself in a lifeless area and leaves. Roll credits. <br /> <br /> If this got the second prize in Cannes, how were the other contributions unnecessary?
