I rented it shortly after I rented the "excluded" Ben Stein and thought it would be interesting to compare them. Before I go on, it seems fair to point out the following facts, so the reader can see if I have a prejudice or not. I'm trying to be objective, for recording. I tend to enjoy the Maher HBO show, although I rarely think it is a source of humor. I do not even care about his stand-up. Sometimes, however, he had several good points at the show, and I liked the Politically Incorrect, although he was still perfectly politically correct (which I consider to be negative because the expression itself is Orwellian or at least a fascist). As far as my religious views are concerned, I will say for the sake of simplification that I am homeless. A Christian with some objectivist views and some who are agnostically mixed. <br /> <br /> That was said, this bad "documentary" for reasons that have not been asked by many reviewers - even if the ones mentioned are valid. The reason why it is not convincing is not just that it argues the main point without letting the others talk (and its point is reduced to nothing that is logical, it's just "come on, really?" That's not a question, just a question. David Hume if you want a decent argument.). The reason why this is not convincing lies in its lack of experts in this area. I saw it about two months ago, and I just remember talking to one person whose profession as a professional was mentioned if he was not a priest. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with masters or doctorates who want to do a bit of verbal sparring, especially in the field of history, anthropology or a number of others. If we compare Ben Stein "Disallowed: No Intelligence Allowed" he finds that Stein interviews about 30 professors, experts, clergy, etc. It does with different sources with different backgrounds. He also focuses on his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily point out the wrongful committing of theocratic rules for centuries or persecution of it. Instead, he ridiculously refers to the secular totalitarian regimes of the 20th century as evidence of why secularism needs more sociopolitical power !!!! (this is in bonus features where she stands in front of Anne Frank's house.) This is a real orwellian trip. It blames Christianity, in particular, from many absurd deaths that have their share, even though it is far less than most! - without containing a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is rooted in the unfortunate record of secular humanism in the twentieth century. Another obvious weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone who would be considered a middle or "average" practitioner. Selects the weakest gaze of the herd. How difficult is it? How does it appear that the existence of exceptions is intended to rebut the general rule? It is not. Wow, people in the cults think outside of the norm? How enlightenment is known. Great job of Maher! Again, it would be easy to talk to someone like Laurence Vance, and include his work to refute the idea of ​​"patriotic duty," which requires one to fight in any war involving his country. it's just not funny. Some clips that are overwritten by the "smart" of the context / disrespect could be laughable, but they are mostly working to illustrate how the real contextual argument from Mahera is NOT forthcoming, much less convincing. He spends most of the time on Christians, guessing inaccuracies, and talking with marginal groups that he can not really answer his questions. We note that there are good questions about a sincere request for religious people, and many should ask themselves. It does not touch almost any of them. I feel I could respond much better to most of his doubts than the people he was questioning, but the whole thing causes it to be what is covered and what has been adjusted.
