This film is really the only account of the religion of Bill Maher. There are some fun moments and some interesting points, but you do not expect to have an equal discussion about religion. This is what I consider to be the worst document - everything is pre-arranged and edited to give you the opinion of the director rather than allow you to make a decision yourself. <br /> <br /> EDITING - It is very choppy, coupled with clips from pop culture and media to strengthen the point. The questioner is barely able to complete the sentence before the editing is interrupted. The only people who get a fair chance to talk are those who say what Bill Maher wants to say. Once someone, according to Maher, deviates from the gospel, they get. <br /> <br /> INTERVIEW - They are intended to represent absolute religions most extremist. From the TV gospel to the ultimate Jewish stereotype, into the TRUCK STOP chapel (TRUCK STOP CHAPEL). He chose the worst money, heavy extremists and those who have no budget to say no. And when a good man comes to him, he comes to hell. <br /> <br /> STEREOTYPING - All religions are portrayed as stereotypes. In particular, Muslims are severely affected. During the Muslim segment, it hardly gives anyone the opportunity to talk about it before they broke it, or eventually set off suicide bombers. All Muslims are portrayed as extremist shooters through editing, and none of the people surveyed is fairly upset. ENDING - The message at the end is INCREDIBLY heavy, and while it is an interesting idea, it is not fairly presented to countless people who are not religious extremists. Bill Maher explains while the clips are destroyed in the foreground. It literally gives the message that religion is stupid and dangerous and that it destroys the world. He also says that anyone involved in religion is stupid. With movie mistakes he has some good points and humor, while he is very unfair, it's really fun. But they knew it was, it is a very one-sided view, Bill Maher's view of religion. He will not find anything. He'll tell you what he thinks. 4/10 - Some good moments, but heavy hands with extremely irresponsible documentary style.
