John Boorman in 1998 The general was celebrated as a great return, though it is hard to understand why the proof of the film itself. One of the three films about this well-known Northern Irish criminologist, Martin Cahill (along with common criminals and critical circles), has a lot of incidents and styles (the film was filmed in color, but in some areas it was published in black & white), but absolutely no impact continues forever. With the main character that threatens witnesses, doctors from a car bomb will cause hundreds of people to lose their jobs, try to buy a sexually abused daughter of one of their gangs to keep one of their billiards out of jail and nails still becoming a favorite local legend a sufficiently attractive personality for his wife not only to approve but actually propose a menage trio with her sister needs a charismatic central performance for the sale of character and film. I do not get it. Instead, he is overwhelmed by what Brendan Gleeson may be the worst and most popular performance: he adds his lines and stands in the right place, but he does not even suggest a local hero or inner works of a complex nature. On the plus side, it does not help to overcome the characteristic that is nothing but an egoistic crime, but it is in contradiction with the script that seems to expect us to love him and his antics. a small section that will raise interest when the IRA calms the local campaign against the "general" and his men who paint them as "antisocial" drug dealers purely because Cahill will not share their prey with robbery but his temporary resolution is so vaguely shot - something to do with Cahill dressing up billiards and joining the demonstrators we are expected to find a very nice character - that's just being thrown out. Things are more successful in the last third when they are pushing and his army is falling apart, but it's too late to really care. Adrian Dunbar, Maria Doyle Kennedy and the beautiful Angeline Ball do a good job of worshiping supporting roles. It seems, however, that Jon Voight is a hammocked Garda who has seized a cop, is more for US sales than moral balancing, which overcompensates Gleeson's noncommittal involvement in what he feels like a complete omission. Go back to Zardoza, everything is forgiven.
