As with any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster film, I should choose from dozens. If you asked me to name a bad gangster film, probably the first one that appears in my head is one that still suffers from depression for about a week when I saw the movie first and I promise you the last time. The film is "The General," which is unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name. It is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions that are not about the story (it's easy to follow) but about why the filmmakers decided to make this somewhat fragile effort. Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) - two top movies - "The General" is based on real people and real events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who started a long chain of crimes stealing food as a teenager and then moving up to ripping museums and homes as an adult. Meanwhile, police led by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) desperately and vigorously tries to prosecute only one of her crimes and convict (or kill him). Perhaps because it is a movie in the same category as the amazing film "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two films "The Godfather", from "General" I waited too much. But that may be too easy. It was a bad film if I did not see the masterpieces mentioned before I was flooded with the boredom of this otora and its too long the run of screaming bad scenes. We begin to tap the film just by looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and cameraman Seamus Deasy have decided to film this film in black and white, while his style and presentation are clear elements that belong to a full color film. Now I have nothing against black-and-white paintings or those that were made in modern times. The "Schindler List" (1993) was more than ninety percent of black and white films and a masterpiece. "General," which took place just five years after the "Schindler List" is not. Cinematography is also too blown with high-key lighting that seems very disturbing and gives the movie a great quality video game that I found just uncomfortable. The filmmakers obviously went for a realistic documentary style, like the "Schindler List," but they fail by seeming to be too much like a documentary, and at the same time as a classic-style movie. Performances in the movie range from passive to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave their heartfelt enthusiasm for their roles, but it seemed to me that they too had gotten a bit to the left with the terrible script they were quoting. The sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to offer him a criminal challenge of the 1940s, but it also fails because again, it's too similar to today's image and it seems incredible. <br /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there is no movie in the movie, not a character that I felt any emotions or opinions. In fact, for every moment of each scene, the only thought passing through the head was "okay? So what?" Moments that could come up as shocking or scary in a better film are boring and time consuming. I have no sympathy or hatred for Brendan Gleason's character because the way Cahill is written is simply flat and boring. Gleeson is just playing a common criminal, and he is not threatened with the consequences that the real Martin Cahill apparently did. If a character is killed (as always in gangster movies), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just call "so what?" And that's all I did during the course of this very, very, very bad crime.
