Some funny bits, but Bill comes! Film? Quote Zeitgeist? Keep your TV shows and interviews, but the movie? I probably think, but what unnecessarily provocative film ... I do not know. I laughed, disagreed, agreed ... this movie is very confused and inconsistent. Bill is a funny guy ... but also very nice ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedian. But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and preaching may be unpleasant. I think the main problem with this film is its lack of sensitivity. It could be just personal taste, but a comedy that constantly demeans someone can not be considered true. Bill apparently reacts emotionally to religious fundamentalism. I agree with Bill that religious fanaticism is not reasonable, but the answer can not be reasonable. It creates unnecessary riots. We can do better than just react to fundamentalism. His conclusion is that we "do not know" and try to convince the viewer that no one knows that the agnostic community has dealt with its lack of serious research in a comparative religion. His humility that he only knows that he does not do is a contradiction when he tries to insist that all religious thought is meaningless. I had a big problem seeing the bits of Zeitgeist, a movie in Bill's movie. All astrophysically influenced non-sense that simplifies all religions as the same is simply a disappointment. Zeitgeist sparked a lot of controversy and questioned the validity of so many valuable scientific studies on religion. It is very sad how bad the facts were thrown around without reliable scientific resources. Astro-mystical sources that reduce everything to "stars, they say it all," seem to be from the Middle Ages. This film is a confused statement of a confused "agnostic." Agnosticism is far more complex and philosophical than to justify every question as "we do not know". This film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has succeeded in simplifying and generalizing major problems in human history. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie (has fun talks and bits), but please do not be like Bill. You can not expect someone to have a mature conversation if you make sardonic comments on each line. His argumentation techniques are humiliating and insulting, evoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical arguments. This problem needs to be resolved.
