Previous commentator Steve Richmond said Walk On The Moon is "not worth $ 7". Finally, I paid more than to import what is one of the worst DVDs I've ever seen, from this movie or from an existing movie. Even if you ignore the fact that DVD is an obvious source of interlaced master and it's just uncomfortable to watch on the move, the movie does not have any redeemed features (to save Anna's presence) to watch the excellent Blu-Ray transmission. Not that it was a mistake for other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh, and Viggo Mortensen culminate in Anna Paquina's ability plan. Far more than Holly Hunter or Sam Neill, even though they are just as miserable scenarios. Tony Goldwyn's director is nothing that could happen, but Pamela Gray's biography includes Wes Craven's most dramatic excursion beyond the genre of horror or slasher so that one could be forgiven because he thinks this is the case of the wrong direction. <br /> <br /> As I said, the only reason I was watching this movie is Anna Paquin. Her debut performance was virtually played by veterans in the field with a minimum of twelve years of experience above her under the table. While she is not so far ahead of her comrades here, her performance as a girl who begins to play as a brat and grows into a woman whose world is falling apart around her proves that her Oscar was not a flood. For some time I have told my friends that it would be the best choice to portray the heroine of my second complete novel, and that a three-minute dialogue about this film is another indication of why. This woman could literally remove the color from the walls. Anna next to each other, only Liev Schreiber approaches any sympathy from the audience. Sure, his character spends the vast majority of the film that neglects his wife with an existential crisis but plays an angry reaction to a person who feels greatly deceived. I should know, even if it is not under the same circumstances. Viggo Mortensen also deserves recognition for his portrait of a traveling vendor, though perhaps not to the same extent. The way of speaking is the villain of the work, but it successfully gives the figure of the third dimension. Yes, his actions after the explosion of the whole thing are subjugated, but many people would not otherwise do in their situation. No one wants to be another man in this situation that is disappointed, so Viggo deserves a lot of appreciation for trying it out. Unfortunately, they are all participants of the story about a woman who feels caught in a stagnant marriage where Tovah Feldshuh says that the Mills and Boon archetype of women who are the only ones who feel life going through simply does not exist. Either writer Pamela Gray or director Tony Goldwyn thought they could just put this line in the movie without thinking about how the audience could get it. Anna even talks about the brain of the audience when she asks Diane to lecture someone on responsibility. That means the movie has a couple of things, except Anna's going. Mason Daring's original music, without going out in any way, gives the film a certain sense of being inclined to the displayed time that helps where other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when he points out that while Liev is a great actor, he brings him a big mistake next to Viggo in the story of a woman who has to choose between marriage and her fantasy. It is also quite right that when the film moves over the Lane and Mortensen scenes hidden underwater, they lose attention to the fact that they are a story of transgressions and become slightly porn. The film seems to be finally confused by the storyline of his story. It does not matter how many times I've overwritten Liev's scenes, I can not help, but I feel it has changed in direction or adjustment. One does not have to make his looks particularly nice or beautiful, but the steps to make the most interesting or developed characters in the piece would go a long way. <br /> <br /> Ebert also hits his nails right on his head when he says that every time he sees Anna on the canvas, he thinks her character is where the real story is. Stories of feeling that a wife is neglected and running into the arms of a man who is interesting or even dangerous is a dime, to the extent that even preparing the story in parallel with an event that falls apart as a landing on the Moon does not help. Despite the feeling of resistance to the way her character's story is presented, Anna could also walk through the neon sign over her head and ask the audience that she would rather see the whole thing through her eyes. While I'm very well aware that it's hard to know exactly what kind of viewer you find most interesting in your cast, it's as if they did not bother to try Lane and Schreibere. Fans of these two would be advised to look elsewhere. I hope they will look at each performance now, and so will show where it all went wrong. <br /> <br /> I walked on the moon three out of ten. Anna Paquin earns her a bonus point with one of her best performances (and he says something).
