He wrote a woman and directed another. Whoppie. We are for a feminist ride or what. Fasten your seat belts, ladies, because we are going to enter the world of men and innocent, well-intentioned women. In this interview, Trish meets a guy at a job agency that behaves, looks and dresses like a pimp (!) And gives her the job of hoping to greet her sometimes. In his office, he even touches the nipple as the heavyweight megalomaniac in Bond would touch the girl just after he had captured her and just before she was ready to kill her along with Bond. Some time later, this nomad / employee watches Trish in the women's dressing room, harassing her and even approaching her rape. Oh, the evil, the evil man. They are ALL bad, you do not know. Can not even look for a job today without getting raped, right ladies? Well, we'll show them to them! In this movie, there is some sort of divorced female club or something like that, led by Janet Leigh, who talks about all the women involved in this film when she says "Men are all with ** t". Stuns how awful men are; was divorced five times. Now, seriously, every woman who binds twice and then uses this statistic as an argument that men are all "bad" will eventually have to realize that the explanation may be elsewhere, either? It must be that: a) she is a bad judge of a male character, or - more likely - b) it is impossible to live with her - her former husbands were probably victims or if they were really ** openings then she probably got what she deserved . (I do not like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point? Show me a sympathetic woman who often married this and I'll show you a way to get to Mars just by roller skates and ladder.) Trish finally meets with a computer that restores her belief in a man - but keep your horses; this guy turns out to be married and therefore proves WITHOUT the doubt that men are really all "bad". Of course, it was not for a kind old vegetable vendor around a corner that loves his wife, even though he is still dead - proving that all men are "bad" except kindly old men whose penises do not work and "can" not " to leave life ** Holocolis and eventually give women the respect they deserve Even even the supportive male characters are all "bad" Blacks in the employee agency is hostile and the guy in the morgue is extremely rough - and insensitive (the bastard, ... is it sniffle *?) And what about this thin, limb ending? .. Minutes before the court Trish leaves her husband's money claim, realizes that she is now "free" and that she can finally jump into the pool ... What is it all? Its headspace in the pool is then - very predictable - frozen, because the credits start to play, while the life-inspiring I-does not need-revenge-or-my-man money-music music begins to kick in. Her girlfriends are shocked by leaving cash, but they will not be stunned for a long time, and soon they will start to wonder what Trish's assault Trish's lawyer will get when he learns about it. The lawyer is, of course, a man. An evil, evil, terrible "bad" person whose only interest in this world is money ... Oh, these men; everything that matters is money; they do not know anything about higher values ​​in life - like shopping. I'm glad we have such movies; they bring sex closer, but mostly girls and young women teach that men are all horny, selfish bastards who follow skirts that bring you to the world of poverty and poverty, the first opportunity they get. So, girls, open your mouth and stick your tongues into your friend's mouth. Lesbian power!
