Recently I worked in the Lugosi film collection and just a few days ago I blew it with a combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in the series Black Cat. I look forward to their cooperation "Raven." Unfortunately, it just did not work for me and I was pretty disappointed by the end of the movie. For the first three quarters of this film, I thought the story lacked some real tension. Lugosi is doing a pretty good job of holding things together like somewhat crazy doctor Vollins, a surgical genius who falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) who is treated after a car accident but who can not have it - partly because he is already involved, and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hinds) disagrees. To deal with this situation, he uses Edmond Bateman's help (Boris Karloff) - a horribly ugly man who wants Vollins to look more acceptable. Besides Lugosi's performance, I was not interested. Then suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film moved completely. Suddenly, it became rather exciting, but I thought Lugosi's performance broke down, mainly because the film was trying to push him out of madness for madness - and there is a difference. He plays a "crazy" role very well - controlled and controlled, but evil. "Insane" is an evil that is out of control, and I did not think Lugosi pulled it well. At one point she will offer some maniacal laugh, which is just fake. Meanwhile, Karloff was a great disappointment. He never caught me. As a party, Lugosi had to say that - in the films they play together - Karloff is getting top-notch, although "The Raven" is clearly Lugosi, who is the lead actor. It certainly gives a hint of how Universal ranked his two big stars of horror - I would inexplicably add, because I always thought of Lugosi as the best actress of both. In any case, there is no real connection with the story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a poe fanatic who is trying to re-create some techniques of torture from Poe's stories. Overall, it's a disappointment. 4/10.
