Tony Goldwyn is a good actor, apparently trying to control himself. The "Walk on the Moon" seems to have borrowed from other, better-made films. The current story takes place in the late 1960s in a summer center for working-class Jews not far from Woodstock. The treatment of Pamela Gray's screen does not have much, so it's a puzzle why Mr. Goldwyn has decided to deal with this film as his first attempt at direction. The Kantrowitz family spends some time at the department. We see them coming to a small bungalow that will be their temporary home. Marty, father, comes only for a week; works in what looks like a family small appliance that usually fixes television. Within a few days the first person will be in the universe, so excitement is obvious. The Kantrowitz women are left behind. Pearl, wife of Martha and her mother-in-law, Lilian, spent empty days on the spot when a "businessman with a blouse" arrives. Pearl goes through and finds more than just shuffle; she gets a trader too. It seems that Pearl and Marty have no sex life at all. After two children, Pearl, who looks sexy and with high libido, is ready for some extra marriage. This is the basic premise of a movie that becomes a soap opera when a young daughter, Alison, decides to play playful and go to the Woodstock Festival near where, with horror of horror, she witnesses to her own mother playing with a blouse dealer! What is a girl? Stay tuned to the final finale when all the parties happily sit down on the bed of a young son when his wasps hit him and the salesman comes to use some home remedies and his dad is called from the town after he learns about Pearl's betrayal with the younger stud. <br /> <br /> Poor Diane Lane, she went to get "not believed" later, which is an upscale version of this bag. Viggo Mortensen is a salesman who takes care of his lonely customers who whisper in their ears a little! Liev Schreiber like Marty, the wounded wife, has little to do. Anna Paquin plays rebellious Alison and Tovah Feldshuh is an unfortunate Nana who wants to stay in town watching her soap instead of witnessing the first game she plays in her backyard! at your risk or pop DVD on TV when you have a fun crowd at home and you really want to have a laugh or two dishing movie.
