I recently had a chance to see a job title in Kansas City (Olathe, KS). It is difficult for me because I am a lover of art like myself, I report the following, but the truth sometimes hurts and honestly when I'm sitting in this tribe (I use the slang definition - insignificant statement or writing) in an hour and a half, I feel obliged to share (WARN ) all interested parties. Let's start at the beginning, it's good to start as always. The first 15 minutes is not so bad, a few laughs and a decent development, but then it's downhill from here. This is the story of a woman who, in her 1930s (as the author would rather believe) is unhappy with her life and unfulfilled. The first major difficulty is that if you do not know that you will get into the movie, you will not know when it suddenly risks that it is all in my opinion very tireless and unlikely to turn into a local businessman. It is a little developed (drastically inadequate) that justifies its actions for the affair it has, and when it comes to it, I feel like I have only a low moral nature. The word "slut" comes to mind, hopefully it will allow it to go through reviews and post commentary. This is, in my opinion, the first fatal mistake in the film. If you are married or have ever been in love, no matter whether you are a man or a woman, it will take you away. Frankly, I feel it would be a much better "blue film" - that is, in my opinion, the level that the script deserves. The second fatal mistake is casting, Diane Lane did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right person for the job, believe me. The only rescue of the whole film is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a gentle actress shines in places that carry soft, but very blunt (sorry for the dichotomy, but it is accurate) displaying a young teenager. Bravo, all right. I'm not finished but I was disappointed when I was billed as a slice of life, romance is one thing ... but such an end ... Well, if it makes you so irritated to see this picture, do not say I warned you, but you better see - if the celluloid is released, I doubt it takes four weeks before the crack. I would expect to wait for a video, but tapes with free sex education at most video rental stores have more value for entertainment. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman produced it, you think he is learning Ishtar. This movie once had the working name Blouse Man and was to be left on the shelf. If you've never wanted to go to the film in your life, put it in 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth staying with is Anna Paquin if you can stomach to realize or you have not picked up waste before you have left the house, which is probably the place where you should stay first if you are out of movies to see this. That's my two cents, for what's worth.
