I remember that when it came out, a lot of kids could do it. I think I was too old to be excited and I was a fan of real martial arts movies and I always found it a little muscular. In the early 1990s, we were flooded with programs like this to make children feel as though they could fight and be a ranger executive or equal to these children on 3 Ninjas. I think parents and creators likewise got out of the way, because everything we really had was that kids were going around punching and hitting everyone. Many movie kids have some great point to try and make it good for your kids to watch and get a message, this has no news at all ... it just uses a million difference in things in less than 90 minutes. no great visual properties, but would it expect it? The game is pretty bad. Victor Wong is a great actor, but it was embarrassing to see him here. A short, fat, bruised old fable like a strong ninja who was just cheerful. Guys played too much in this way, and the youngest ninja Tum Tum was perhaps the worst actor I've ever seen. The movie has a plot that somebody knows before they even read the review. 3 ninjas ... yes, you know they will fight a lot of bad and win probably ... I need to say more. I'm sorry if it was disappointing for somebody. <br /> <br /> With all the words that CHILDREN CHILDREN RECEIVE. This film is aimed at children and children can enjoy it. If you do not mind your child seeing child fighting movies, it's a good movie that lets them see. If you do not mind your children seeing complete garbage that has nothing to do with real martial arts, real acting or real estate, then you've found a movie for your kids ... I tell kids because I think girls will be like that. .. I remember that all the girls are angry at Rocky. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10 stars because I think you can make a movie for kids and still make it nice for adults .. this movie in this case did not succeed. It's surprising and nothing original or unique and I will not allow my baby to look at it ... The Kung Fu TV series is on DVD and there are plenty of great Shaw Brothers movies. .. Why do not you show your kids things that really enjoy them and do not give them up after them, maybe they even taught them some moves and not just how to kick a man between their legs as a grandfather on 3 ninjas ... no no no ... they never tied the man between the legs ... never .. it is so unninja like.
