... because 99 of the 100 times lied over the teeth (or someone else) to get you to rent or buy their * cherished censorship *. Shock-O-Rama Cinema proves the truth of this one more time with the release of "Feeding Mass", perhaps a well-intentioned but utterly awkward and gloomy entry into the zombie genre. People, this is not just low-budget film making, it's a very low budget for making movies for many people who - I'm sorry to know that they have families that love them - will never be in Variety in any significant way. This is one baaaaaaaaaad mooin 'jug, people, not only because it's cheap. The game is average, but I do not blame actor; they had no direction. They had no direction, because the screenplay was a half-burned fantasy zombie that did not make sense for real movie narration. Characterization is best thin, not due to weak dialogue and soporific direction. Did I mention that the script and direction are nice? They are. There is no drama, no tension, no great moments, nothing. The whole assumption of government suppression of the media is wasted on sophomoric "advertising breaks" and an undramatic plot that rejects rational analysis and unpleasantly smirked at its ridiculous completion. Syd Fields would not be happy. How could the government suppress the truth of the destructive epidemic of the zombie, if it ever showed up? Why would they give it more than try? Nowadays wireless access camera phones, what could they hope to achieve for more than a day or better? Now, if they cover something like their own guilt, ... but "Feeding Mass" never explores such possibilities. Instead, it deals with absurdity and bad events that might laugh at laughter and / or meaning, and prayers that their audience does not notice almost complete lack of production value over basic movie equipment. Was anyone paid in this movie? I hope that the actors did it, albeit just for the time spent on career slopes like this; At least the techies have gotten into some legitimate work experience. <br /> <br /> Even zombie fans find little to get from the "Feeding Mass". Gore is remarkably tame for non-budgeting of its position, and there are no distinctive pieces or memorable effects. They are all basically forgotten. The KNB does not even have to worry. Even the unwanted death of Aussie "Undead" was a mile before "Mass feeding". Excuse me, guys, back on the board and take your fraudulent marketing with you.
