First, a little summary. This reporter named Torch is basically trying to get a story about a zombie outbreak and finds out that the army and the government have censored him. Nice news, government censorship and all that, but the way the film did, let me explain. This film is unfounded. The idea that someone thinks it higher than George Romero is well enough for the reviewer to commit to a mental institution. The script is in itself shameful, as the sixth grader wrote. As for special effects, I understand that independent movies have low budgets and some gore effects seem acceptable, but if you want a scene with fire,: buy some fireproof material, leave your fire extinguisher ready and fire! Do not connect it digitally and take it out as an explosion from Nintendo 64 game. Actress acting, let's do it this way. In my summer theatrical program there is a cold reading of the script compared to the Godfather. I do not want to make any discrepancies. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> But most worrying when it was done after filming and editing, someone could say, "Well, it looks good, it sends me the flu into my spine to think about it to think that someone he felt it was good enough for the release of the DVD This is not the quality of the DVD This is not the quality of the Sci-Fi channel Damn it is not even the quality of the film school If you put it on a project at a film school, you would get F. No F, like F - I would not be surprised if he tried to exclude you. <br /> <br /> I felt used to seeing this thing. <br /> <br /> Blockbuster and the creators of this film now have their money and I would rather I was a pawn of some complicated, shameful plan for legalized theft and it's not good when I think I went straight into him and looked at the back cover with pleasant memories 28 days later , just to find the movie Ed Wood would watch and say later: "I did not care much about it." This movie is one of the most horrible movies I've ever seen. Nothing was seen by Ed Wooda, but I'm sure it's even worse. If you're looking for a serious cinema, just like it's about ten feet away, it's probably going to mean a bad headache. If not, I still recommend that you personally write the director and ask how he sleeps at night. However, if you are the kind of person who laughed at really bad things, I suggest you check it out. You will not be disappointed.
