I could not believe that horrible film was ever made. With the worst actors, you can find the worst script written by Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell, and by far the worst time in viewing. I will not tell the story because it really is not worth it. But I will process some of the performances and certainly the story. As for the story, it's very hard to believe that this crazy railroad can actually do what she has done. That in fact my wife could not defend herself from a bit of a thing. That her husband could actually find an attractive scent. The fact that a lawyer could break any rule of law and went on when the judge ordered an empty blank space to silence. And the end result of the film is an insult to justice, film codes, and male species. The theme of this mess is letting women do what they want, killing who they want, defending the killer and escaping with him while he kills an innocent victim in prison. Hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, director and man, would even want to make this dribble. As for acting: Jordan Ladd, a killer, is terrible. This ass that makes a toe during the murder process (is it allowed in court?) She bored me on the handle. One more glance from her eyes, showing what is innocent, and I would have avoided. It is not attractive enough for a guy to leave his wife. The husband who played on one level Vincent Spano looks like he looks mostly and foolishly. He was so predictable in his performance, which had fallen into a trap that had been placed on him by all the women who surrounded him. The worst off was Holland Taylor as Defense of Attourney. She ran all over the movie and ridiculed justice. If she'd ever explored me, I'd tell her to go on a hike. Everyone else in this filthy film was doing their job as directed. I wish I could get a zero rating for this movie. However, we are forced to start with the 1st. Do not be too painful to watch such movies. Life can do better than this, I know it. <br /> <br /> This is a post: You made the mistake of accidentally wiping this movie. As soon as I saw Jordan Ladd, I knew I'd seen it before, and I did not like that. Not only did I turn it off, but I had to add my anger to people like Sollas Mitchell who wrote the script, but they also controlled this terrible movie. No one sees it as his message that the disease is worthwhile. Being sick and going around killing people is fine with this director / writer. Totally do male idiots. Well, this man will tell you to hurt somewhere. We are not all so stupid and talk to your so-called film, which in the mind of this person deserves to be damned. And again this loser appears. Why???? Can not you read comments on this stupid and contemptuous movie? Are we constantly exposed by Jordan Ladd over and over again? Get her out of television, movies and sight. It's terrible in every sense of the word. Phew !!!!
