So Angela grew up and gained therapies and surgery to ruin her into a real daughter, rather than the son who was born, and now has a job - wait for it - a camp counselor! As appropriate, right? I know, I love it. Anyway, the first continuation of the Sleepaway Camp franchise follows all the rules of horrible sequel - more blood, more imaginative murders (not imaginative, but more than the original), more nudes, more conspicuous conspiracy, and generally worse than the original. <br /> <br /> It's fun in the same way as the original because the characters and the closets are so frantic and so authentic that you can not help getting a good laugh. At one point, you ask Angela out and says, "I'll call you," and then he'll leave quickly. The guy says, "How can he call me? I do not have a phone!" and then she sucks her armpits and thinks of what has turned her away (it's hair, dude!). It is known that in the 1980s, slasher films were murdered by teenagers more often than not that their killer was not punished for some bad behavior, usually too promiscuous. When I first started playing horror movies and saw the 13th Friday in the movie for the first time in the mid-1990s, I did not realize it. I learned in the film a year later and two years ago, and I was surprised that it was some kind of madness. I was quite amazed, not only that the films are transmitting some kind of message, even if it is morbid, but that there is actually some idea in it. But not in this movie! At one point, just before Angela killed one of her victims, she said, "Let it be a lesson for you, say no drugs!" Great fine writing on the screen there, guys. In addition, the dialogue is the most popular in the movie. Angela (who, incidentally, went through all therapies and these operations and all the difficulties to clean up her past and emerged as a normal and well-developed person and then changed her name from Angela to Umm, Angela), says in one place, "I do not like to be evil the witch of the West, but I know what happens when things get out of control. " (People start killing ... me!) And later they ask one of the counselors, Mare to apologize to which girl she said: "I'd like to die!" Excuse me, Mare, but you really did ... Two years ago, I was a camp counselor in the sleeping camp similar to the one that appeared in this movie (except the camp I taught on had more than three children to 15 or 20 counselors and also had rules that one does not have in the movie). That's how I noticed a myriad of inconsistencies in the movie, from what camp really likes it. <br /> <br /> It's okay, but hardly you can make a movie that's been running for about 9 years, even though 10 or 11-year-old kids were killed in this movie. I have not seen such a thing before. <br /> <br /> Definitely bad taste, even for the cheese 80s slasher film ....
