It happened to me in this breath on a rainy Sunday with the intention of tune in something else. With curiosity, I joined these comments and found out that I was looking at it for the rest of my life. I did not really do it with the intention - it was one of those movies where you were "fascinated" and watch it "a few more minutes" until you finally end up. And the accusation made him a fascinating insight in most of these remarks. One note that you really liked seems to be solely due to the love of Ladda and Spana and their earlier roles. But great it is nowhere to be found anywhere - a story, a performance, and a particularly absurd courtroom of hi-jinks. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr passed the 300-pound mark) and Ben Matlock, they have some freedom in taking the courtroom instead of being borrowed at the counter. And Matlock is especially granted the privilege of entering the exhibits often just going to the jury and showing them before the judge and prosecutor were even informed about or showed them. No judge or prosecutor in real life would disagree. Both Perry and Ben almost always ended up driving by shouting the belief of a real killer. Basically, Perry had almost always done, but Matlock would often have presented a great deal of evidence of a real culprit, pronounced "reasonable doubt," and then let the police officers and prosecutors go against the guilt-sometimes at the camera, sometimes assuming at the end of the exhibition. But what was said, Taylor's Dutch historian, and the amount of space that allowed her in the courtroom of this story, made Matlock / Mason's action more similar to the slow, often boring detail seen on court television and real-life courtroom . Each character in this presentation was either insipid, unsympathetic, uncomfortable, boring, unlikely - or a combination of two or more of that. <br /> <br /> The end was a banal, absurd, even stupid conclusion possible - but again fascinating about it. Ladd and Spano are attractive individuals and t.v. movies seem to be the best - probably the best in 2nd lead (probably better in the case of "third") roles, even at this place. Taylor could be cast as aunt or mother of one of them. Give this one star a story / performance and another 3 a fascinating factor.
