It is an immoral and condemning piece of waste that no doubt wants to be the 13th (1980) clone. The poster for this movie looks like there will be some kind of cross between Jason and Freddy, which is likely to attract movie visitors. There is nothing good or fun about this movie. I'm sad, I just think some people are going to Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers (1988) on video or DVD and they're wasting time with this sad, cynical, depressing film. <br /> <br /> Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is Camp Rolling Hills Camp Counselor who hopes that other campers are just as nice as her and that they remain seamless. Meanwhile, the other campers realize that people are disappearing one by one, Angela makes up the justification that he must send them home. Could it be Angela the murderer who was once a man who underwent sexual surgery years ago? Who knows? Who cares? In the 1980s, there were many movies at home that formed a cross between the genres Mad Slasher and Dead Teenager, in which the mad killer goes beruerk. Some have a conspiracy, some not, but everyone is as bad as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: The unfortunate campers represent 80 minutes of teenagers and then they are stabbing, strangling, choking, chopping, burning alive and damaging. That's the whole movie. It's just a soulless, bloody violence. Watching this movie reminded me of Friday's 13th films in which news for the audience was that the primary function of the youth is hacked to death. Sleepaway Camp II filmmakers have every right to be ashamed of themselves. Imagine the ill-fated message that this film offers to its teenage audiences: "The world is a bad place," says this film, "and will kill you, no matter what your dreams or dreams are, it does not matter if you have a new friend or a new girlfriend No matter what you think, what you are doing or what your plans are for the future You can forget about these plans because you're just about to be dead. "<br /> <br /> And the worst thing is - it does not give too much away - the film simply creates room for continuation. Why not? Probably and have already taken the bucket into the cesspool by making three or four of these films. I missed the original Sleepaway Camp (1983) and after watching his first sequel, I hope to stay away from the rest of the sequel just like the original. And for parents, if you know kids who really like this movie, do not let them date your kids.
