Since the 1970s, writer / producer / director Charles Band has been responsible for literally hundreds of science fiction, fantasy and horror B-films. Some of these are great examples of how to use a small budget to maximize the effect; many of them are bad. Trancers (1985) was one of those precious gems. Terminator-style story of time-travel and action, Trancers saw Tim Thomerson staring Jack Deth, the future policeman given the task of watching the bad-guy Whistler who travels in the past by housing the ancestral body. Whistler is able to control other people by their psychic power, transforming them into obedient zombies ("trankers" of the title) and attempting to change the course of history by killing the ancestors of the leaders of the future. Jack continues in 1985, deciding to stop him. In 1991, Jack continued in 1985. After Whistler's destruction, he settled down and married Leena (Helen Hunt), a young woman who helped him succeed in the first film. But Jack's things do not stay calm for long, and problems appear in the form of Whistler's brother E.D. Wardo, who is trying to build an army of transcers. <br /> <br /> Tranciři II lack the magic and simplicity of the original and is a great disappointment with regard to how good the original was. The story is difficult to highlight if you have not seen the first movie (or at least not for a long time), and there are plenty of insurmountable actions and a few bad special effects. Gone is the ingenuity and joke that made Trancers so much fun; instead, we'll get some cheese-based one-off inscriptions and a script that reminds us that it was written on a fly. The only reason I can recommend this film to fans of this genre is the cast that boasts many names that will be known to sci-fi and horror filmmakers: Jeffrey Combs, Barbara Crampton, Richard Lynch, Martine Beswicke. Unfortunately, most of them seemed to have "off day" when shooting Trancers II, and performances are average at best. <br /> <br /> The Trancers Series, of course, has its fans; the next four have been removed since then. If quality does not fall deep, I can not imagine it would be good.
