Original Trancers is by no means a great movie. She had a massive plot and very little in the way of internal logic. But it was fun, better done than most low budget movies, and would be surprisingly funny. Unfortunately, Trancers II is none of them. <br /> <br /> Tranci II suffers from many of the same problems with the majority of the flop. The task is thin enough to be seen and writing is undamaged. It seems that people behind this film felt that bringing the familiar faces of the first film back would be enough, and nothing else bothered. Not even B veterans like actors such as Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs were able to drag this movie out of the blink of an eye. Brief Summary: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a future policeman who was sent back to 1985 to save the ancestors of his government. Trancers II takes place six years after the events of the first Trancers. Jack Deth married Lena (Helen Hunt), a woman he met in the first film, and both live with Hap Ashby, the Deth man was sent to the past for protection. It turns out that Brother Whistler (a bad guy from the first movie) traveled back in time to build an army of Transcenders, people turned into a deadly killing zombie and killed Ashby. The complication of Jack's mission is the fact that his first wife, who died long before Jack traveled to the past, was also sent back to stop Whistler's brother, and now Jack finds himself working with her. <br /> <br /> I have two real problems with this movie. One of them is that the method of creating the Tranchers in this film is radically different from the methods used in the first film. What makes it unpleasant is that in a rather poor example of Soviet revisionism they behave as always a technique. The second thing that annoys me is that the love triangle between Deth, Lena and Alice Stilwell (Jack's first wife) gets very little time on the screen. I was worried mainly because it was much more interesting than the real plot of the film. It seemed to me that it was just something worthy to fill the space in the movie. Alice's character looks particularly uninterested in the fact that she is back with her husband just to find he is married again, which is either very shallow or very badly written. The only reason I think that watching this movie is if you're interested in watching the whole Trancers series (currently a total of six films). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of the original Tranchers, stay out of this lukewarm sequel.
