While I can not deny that his films are often funny, I always personally thought that Martin Scorsese is just a little overvalued in his abilities. His use of flamboyant stylistics in many of his films is probably screaming "Look at me, am not a creative director?" His best movie I've seen is the one with the smallest increment, the superlative "Raging Bull". For this remake, it seems that it was usual. The boring film composition that brought the 1950 setting was so clumsy that it was itself averse. Melodramatic close ups combined with the subdivision of the classic "Psycho" score are more likely to elicit smirks than ridiculous feelings of atmospheric terror. The score for "Psycho" was brilliantly disturbing, this "tribute" sounded totally strenuous and annoying. Even casting, which may be decent sometimes, brings a histrionic performance that just screams the "cartoon"; an exceptional exception to the fact that Lewis is an intelligent twist as a girl girl from the Bowden family. <br /> <br /> The worst actress is surprisingly De Niro. Sure, it looks like it's scary, but once the mouth opens, the aura is just going away. I'm not an American accent now, I originally came from Manchester in England and everyone, but could certainly come up with a more convincing rival than South Korea? Since he is a gifted physical actor, he almost overcomes this fatal flaw, but not quite. It was disturbing to me, as a fan of De Niro, that he wished he was out of the screen, rather than trying to avoid his performance. <br /> <br /> (Possible links). -the-top style of the whole movie extends to an absurdly crowded final. When does Scorsese learn that underestimating the situation can sometimes make tensions as effective as giving audiences visual and sound bombing? I also thought that the reputation was too much respected to resort to the "killer-not-dead-yet" cheap trick that less talented individuals could employ. Overall, it's a totally absurd "thriller." Scorsese and De Niro worked much better.
