I really do not want to compare the fear of Martin Scorsese with Cape Fear to the classic Cape Fear film of 1962, but I can not help him. Not only am I a huge fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck played Cape Fear, but when Scorsese contains scenes directly from the previous movie (Cady took the ignition keys, the dog dies) and even using the Bernard Herrmann score throughout the film does not provide me with many opportunities to did not compare, because I can not help but think about the classic Cape Fear in almost every scene. When he compares Scorsese's version of Cape Fear with the classic version, the remake comes out of the wounded classic; but even when shooting the film it's still bad. Scorsese and screenwriter Wesley Strick did not only remake the scene for the scene in 1962 but tried to do things differently. Unfortunately, it's one of the film's problems. Gone is the original crazy and animal Max Cady, who is on personal revenge, Max Cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic who has "saved" Sam Bowden and is in contact with his wife's side (his words, not to benefit). Also off is the stand and the powerful Sam Bowden seen in the classic Cape Fear film, which Sam found in remake in 1991, is very frantic, Magoo, distrustful and very harsh. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different figure - she is more crazy than Max Cady! The whole story has also changed - Sam has not given testimony against Cady in court to put him in prison, as in the classic version. Sam is now a former lawyer, Cady, who suspects that Cady did not do everything he could, a prison and is "rescuing". The whole story has changed and I do not have much against it, but the overall script is also weak all around. Other sub-charts were mixed into a mix that not only distracts from the larger image but is also misspelled. The film also contains some frankly absurd scenes and is full of apathetic and even ridiculous lines that we can not take seriously. These aspects deviate from the dangerous and exciting nature the movie should have, but also have help in this department. <br /> <br /> Now the classic version of Cape Fear has been brilliantly illuminated and highly effective suggestive subtlety combined with the brutal brutality that brought excitement when the film required it and the sense of danger in its entirety. However, Scorsese is unable to do any of that in Cape Fear, giving a movie cookie-cutter early 1990s to look, no sense of danger, no exciting scenes, and little style (unless you count the animation fire and style panorama). Yeah, there's some terrible violence and some effort has been made to make this Cape Fear bigger than the original, but it ends up empty and all the shock, but no respect. If that's not enough, acting is not great either. Robert De Niro (who is nominated for an academic award in some ways for his performance) is getting okay like Max Cady, but he's getting worse until the end of the movie begins to laugh. The opposite is happening to Jessica Lange and her performance by Mrs. Bowden, who moves from most of the film to convincing expression of fear and despair to the end. Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the movie: Beige. Juliette Lewis (who also appeared in an Oscar nomination) is so decent in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she is challenged to play a really silly character, and she's really tired of seeing her on the screen. <br /> This movie seems to be often considered one of the few good remakes, and I can not figure out why. I wanted to like her; I really did - I think if I'm going to remake Cape Fear, I'd like to like it too - but I just could not. It does not contain anything that would be great in itself and crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear Cape, and I found out that the fear of Cape Scorsese is really a bad movie. The best things about the movie are Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their supporting roles - go to the picture.
