I think we've all started a lot of reviews with, "It could make a big movie." The demented ex-con freshly sprung, tidy suburban family's goal. Revenge, retribution, manipulation. Marty is customary for Karo syrup. But, unfortunately, a universal clause came to Universal's high street: everyone is starting it. Nolte speaks only with the raised eyebrows, Lange sneaks through cigarettes, Lewis "Ohmagod is!" but her scenes and Bobby D ... well, she's on another magical carpet. It affects a hybrid Cajun / Huckleberry Hound with an accent, packs fat cigars and pieces of random atrocities such as "Problem Child". And I want you to introduce the above accent. Now imagine that religious rhetoric appears to be at the peak of the volume, as though he had swallowed six bibles, and you have De Niro's schtick. The greatest distraction of all, however, is his most commonly used "De Niro face" for which he is a puppet. Eyes glossy, forehead crumpled, lips tilted. Criman, Bob, you looked like a plastic man. The story apparently started off the screen 14 years earlier when Nolte could not save De Niro's time in bighouse for various attacks. After release, he feels that Nolte is a bad answer to him at the time entitling him and his relatives to terrorize him. And we should give Niro's character a slight pass, because Nolte has held information that would shorten his punishment. De Niro is one of these criminals who, despite committing unspeakable acts, feels that his lack of freedom justifies the continuation of such acts outwardly. Mmm-kay. She moves past Mrs. Notle (in a scene some may want to turn away), his wife, daughter, family dog, you know. Which is one of the shortcomings of Wesley Stricka's script: utter predictability. Since each of De Niro's harassment becomes more menacing, you can almost call the rest of the action before it happens. Strick can not be completely discredited because it controls several of the pilgrimage moments that govern the dialogue (De Niro and Lewis's mixed exchange in the empty theater is the best scene of the film), but it is mostly exaggerated. Scorsese's cartoon photographic approach runs out as forced, not to mention the HORRIBLES obsolete of the reworked Bernard Hermann score (I still waited for Wolf to appear with the genetically expanded tarantula). So we come in the comedy part of the movie. Unintentionally comical, it is. You know the scenes where something graphic is horrible, but you can not help, but get rid of others? You do it here. Nolte and Lange are arguing about infidelity, De Niro is flirting with his thumb, cross and kitchen slip on a fabric that we have to believe. And Bob's hellish, constant, constant, inconvenient and endless view of all the "philosophies" he had imprisoned. I wanted them to kill him to block him more than to save this annoying family. I always hate to borrow thoughts from other reviewers, but here it is necessary. This is really the * Scorsese version of Freddy Krueger. The way De Niro likes, talks, stalks, resists pain to his one-time, is vintage Freddy. After a tanned pot of thrown water: "Are you trying to offer heat?" Please. And that's just one example. <br /> <br /> If you were not a fan of the original film in 1962 and would like to be thrilled to see Balsam, Peck and Mitchum almost 30 years later (or want a serious movie, experience), avoid going to Cape.
