First, really, Kim Basinger? Your wealthy banker spouse leaves you lonely in your beautiful, most likely paid cash home, and you can not even give a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'm going straight, say it - clean up something with your new hair. And when you're on it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your children some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes into a crowded shopping mall, park your car 3 miles away and scream about it for a walk and just buy a wrapping paper. Also, the next time you decide to leave someone ugly, you do not sign up for your name. I refuse to regret Della. Obviously, given that Kim Basinger is the executive producer of this masterpiece, he wants you to feel bad for a poor white blonde. We understand that. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, you do not have to model horrible movies after your own life. You are 50 years too. You certainly would not have eight-year-old twins. AND THE NAMES? Terry and Tammy. The way to let your children grow up with no good chance they will ever respect. It is also quite fantastic to hear the characters in a movie constantly called her beautiful or referred to as a "girl" ... of course Mrs. Basinger had some say about what's happening in the script. It is also quite amazing how none of these criminals can defend themselves. It seems Della's magic ninja skills are impossible to beat. Their driving skills are quite handy. This film is a cliché that hurts. Wahhhhh! They told you wrong about a cup of tea. Or your husband was making a hole in the wall, but all you think is to buy a nail polish when you're at the mall instead of some plaster and painting. Or the woman you went to high school bought a teddy bear you were watching. Boohooo! The fact that she refuses to remove that BRIGHT bathrobe when she walks through the woods and yells and breaks everything in her way proves my opinion - this woman is crazy. Who thinks they pull out a set of tools from the car, but not their purse, full of identifying artifacts like your ADDRESS. I never wanted these "bad boys" to succeed as well as watching this movie. And someone else accidentally caught the "African-American" shirt that the black boy was sporting? Oh yes, rewind and watch perhaps the most racial stereotype of the movie. Do not lose an hour and twenty minutes of your life. Instead, go to what Della could not figure out how to do it ... take care of your kids and maybe have a hair brush. This powerful ballad at the end was quite impressive. Singing "I'll be home for Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody arms hold tight on your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
