"Hey, I know he can suck it now, but the pain is temporary, the movie is forever. Everything you do is burned to celluloid all the time and for thousands of years." ??? Robert De Niro This was initially a film by Steven Spielberg, a director who hired several scriptwriters to adjust the script to make his motives more suitable. And so we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by an unpleasant monster in the form of Robert De Niro recently released from prison. Like "Jurassic Park," "Poltergeist," and "War of the Worlds," the dysfunctional family bands together beat the animal, the creature is a father, a lawyer who, during his trial, could not defend De Niro. <br /> <br /> In a typical Spielberg fashion, the father kills a monster that undermines a family and is immediately freed from its sins. Like Oscar Schindler, Robin Williams, Sam Niel, Tom Cruise and virtually every "daddy" character in Spielberg, his father earns his paternal duty in the form of the hot-coat that Spielberg enjoys. Spielberg eventually left the picture and the project was instead transferred to Martin Scorsese, who at that time tried to try his hand for a more commercial ticket. The result is probably the worst film in Scorsese's philosophy and ironically its most luminous. Artistic failures or outages are often very revealing and reveal the inner functioning of their art. When the story does not work, the characters do not connect or the pictures do not look, we find some inner core. This ?? the remaining skeleton - this is a movie theater. Now "Cape Fear" is an impersonal movie so we do not find any thematic links with the rest of Scorsese's philosophy ("You've sacrificed" De Niro yells, but the movie's motives of Catholic redemption are a cookie cutter). But what the film does is reveal the kind of language on which his filmography depends. Watch Scorsese's camera desperately whip back and forth, furiously move to the door and door in an attempt to force the tension, and how his characters are loud and shouting at attention. But, more importantly, look at how the movie does not have a spatial meaning. The showdown on the ship at the end of the film takes place on a distinct sound scene, the street show is claustrophobic and runs in no larger context, and the family house does not seem anywhere. There is simply no geographical meaning in the picture, Scorsese is unable to film space or create a spatial environment. <br /> <br /> The reason is that Scorsese's camera must always be bound or intimately linked to its central character. Because of the world around the character, his camera is focused on the character. Resnais can get you around the French hotel, Welles and Hitchcock can dance you on the street and into the building, Cameron can offer you a tour of the Titanic, Scott can recreate the whole city's future, Lucas can give you an alien desert planet, and most other directors can create a sense of space using a textbook "close up shot shot-wide shot", but Scorsese can not do it. There is no poetry in his films, no sense of tangible space. It's all about the character. You break the belt, you leave that boxer ring, taxi taxi, you look from De Niro and everything will collapse. He simply can not get rid of this very documentary style of shooting, which is inevitably a prerequisite for an action movie. Scorsese tried to fix this problem with the Gangs of New York, where space and sets became a central character, but even this consciously spatial experiment conceals the magnetism of Daniel Day Lewis, whose actor draws Scorsese's camera relentlessly to him as a moth on a light bulb. <br /> <br /> 5/10 Even as a generic movie B, it's an ugly, vulgar film. Check out dull images, strenuous attempts at tension, silly rotorscoped special effects and hokey fistfight showdown. Still, we have Robert De Niro to pick up the release. De Niro, who gives his body Scorsese as a tattooed Christ, gives the film its unique scene. In the improvised romantic sequence with young Juliet Lewis, she holds her thumb in her mouth and kisses her. Some symbolic rape, the girl escapes, both excited and repulsed by the interest of this man. But the performance of De Niro, so delicious over the top, can not be impressed by Scorsese. You will need the operatic tone and baroque visual form of someone like De Palma to do this work. But Scorsese? No. <br /> <br /> It's just one impression.
