I do not see many reasons to get into this movie. Sylvester Stallone is again John Rambo, the author and survivor of the "Season in Hell", who was taken from prison by a friend, Major Richard Crenna, to secretly return to Vietnam to take pictures of American prisoners who are still held in terrible camps, and come back without the involvement of the enemy. <br /> <br /> A fat chance. What if he does not do anything but crawl, take photos and slip away? Who would come to see the movie? <br /> <br /> It's basically a celebration of Stallone's muscles. In preparation for his mission, we can see that his muscular muscles are bulging. (They are oil and concealed.) A ritual chain of black leather, ugly weapons, and even ugly knives. The black guns are cleaned, gathered with loud flaps and nearly as oil as Stallone's muscles. The bow is tested and yes, it has plenty of poundage to drive the bolt across the enemy's forehead. The knife is focused by smooth snicks. Stallone and one of his prisoners of war are betrayed by one or two Washington suits, cynical politicians who can bet that they have not even been a primary school fist. No courage, you know? Just sit down with your feet on the table and drink a foreign beer. The film does what she does, but what she's going to do is just. He deliberately dealt with a popular myth in the mid-eighties, when there were a myriad of MIAs that quietly held in the poor Vietnamese camps. The bumper stickers were ubiquitous. (Free our MIA). Why would they keep them? It has never been reasonably justified, but perhaps transformed prisoners into slave labor - in a country that has no other source than work. Or perhaps for their propaganda value as a tool to humiliate the United States - a propaganda weapon that the Vietnamese have kept secret from the world. As a prisoner, Rambo is treated in medieval fashion in the north of Vietnam. He stretched his throat in the excrement of the pigs and then pulled out of his wrist, his muscles still appearing. Then dissatisfied with the non-human Vietnamese, a Russian officer is brought in to play a part of the Gestapo officer - "Vee haff vays of MAKING you remember." A highly technological type, Russian uses psychology and electricity, not just a piggy bank. Rambo returns and declares that he intends to move freely until "this country does not like us as much as we love it." another myth was that the veterans returning from Vietnam were singled out and cursed together, which is why I think we chose so many congresses and named others in high positions. The last three losses of presidential candidates were among this disdainful group. At least Rambo's aimless drifting left room is open for a sequel that has gone fast. Action movies with Schwarzenegger and Willis and others were quenched by wisekracks, but Rambo is humorless. He is violently going through his fantasy with an ideological swamp, who, without mercy, kills, barely speaks, barely able to speak. Speaking is a sign of weakness.
