The spirit of war in Vietnam has been pursuing American psyche for thirty years. If not because tens of thousands of American soldiers went MIA in Vietnam, or the way they were treated, then because it was the first war to be said that America had lost. Many men came home from war and became their former self, and the original blood managed to give a small glimpse of their problems as they tried to turn back into the world, as they say. The first part of Blood II, on the other hand, is nothing more than a fist pump that points to how crazy America can be, both victory and defeat. Stallone has another slow performance as the Special Forces title squad, while Richard Crenna is trying to withstand a serious actor quotient. Where it all comes, it's a script that did not do better when it was called Missing in Action and played by Chuck Norris. What has appeared in logic in the original is now gone, because filmmakers decide to paint a big S on Rambo's massive chest. The film rises after the first blood. The film that is - the novel did not allow the continuation. In this average sequel, Rambo was working on what looks like an underground mine. When he breaks the stones and works on sweat, the prison guard pulls him away so he can go and talk to Colonel Trautman telling him that his government is willing to offer him early release when it comes to a secret mission. Rambo, never anyone who collapses from the hard day of violent work, accepts, and is immediately sent to a hidden base in what seems to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot who). From there, he is tasked with finding a camp where he is probably holding the American MIA, and photographing them. His mission clearly specifies that he should not try to secure their release. Rambo is Rambo, but he has other ideas despite their possible political consequences. Of course, things were somewhat furious when it turns out that the people charged with Rambo's work are more interested in making sure that no American MIA is found. It is an ancient conspiracy theory, and it does not justify abuse of the situation of many American families who have remained without a son during the ten years when the official war in Vietnam was raging. Of course, with Jingoism, which was owned by the American company in the 1980s, they could not help, but they worked in a conspiratorial tangency about the Vietnamese army who was in bed with what seems to be the only banner of the Russians. Together, both antagonists try to get information from Rambo that they can, but they are defeated in them by fire, darts, rockets and destruction. The only thing missing is the moment Rambo drinks from the muddy cup and claims to be invincible. To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed and well-crafted action show. Hand combat with the great Russian commander is one of the few fights in a movie that has any dramatic pressure. The rest is simply the case of the main actor and director who creates fantasy for Americans to help them with their fists. Fortunately, this crazy movie of America, über alles, soon disappeared when other introspective and intelligent war films such as the Platoon began to emerge. Some of the killings here are absolutely creative despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets a target that envies a bunch of action movie darebaces. The Russian commander bites it in a way that is as magnificent as it is ridiculous. Only in an action movie from the eighties would it be possible to see the law that would be used inside the helicopter. Sure, there are action film clichés rooted in contradiction with reality, but this is never ridiculous. Before that, I gave Rambo: The First Blood Part One of Ten. It's so bad that it's ridiculous and so ridiculous that it's often fun. One does not even have to serve in the army to know how foolish some actions are. The only risk that is needed is to try to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking theme for those who are directly involved. Keep the tongue firm on the face, and this can be observable.
