According to law, "First Blood Part II" should never exist. The original "First Blood" scenario had John Rambo commit suicide at the end of the film, but it was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to continue, but because the test group found the original end was too depressing. However, one apparently thought the character was too good for waste because he ended up as the hero of two other films in the 1980s, plus the recently released fourth installment. The official title of this film was "Rambo: The First Blood Part II," but is more commonly known simply as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in prison, where it is likely to refute the crimes he committed in the "First Blood", though it is never too explicit. An ex-commander, Colonel Trautman, will be removed from custody for a secret mission. Rambo has to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that the American Prisoner of War is still in the possession of the Communist regime. He is under strict instructions not to try to save any prisoners or engage the enemy; it's simply an investigation mission. What Rambo does not realize is that he is founded, not Trautman, who is portrayed as brave, honest and unbreakable, but a mission leader, a military bureaucrat called Murdock. Murdock intends the mission to show that there are no US prisoners in Vietnam, partly because it improves relations between the US and the Vietnamese government, partly because it makes life easier. Sadly for Murdock, Rambo finds that Americans are not only kept in prison, but they are also held in hellish conditions. Of course, he is too heroic to let them fate and try to save them. The rest of the film is more or less a long battle between Rambou and several allies (including the beautiful Vietnamese girl) and the evil comedy soldiers and their Russian allies. Most of the evil, of course, ended up dead, although I was surprised to learn from my "trivia" that the total number of victims was as low as 67. At times Rambo seemed to have tried to destroy the entire Vietnamese army. The tone of this movie is very different from the first one. In the "first blood" Rambo was undoubtedly a criminal, although his responsibility for his crimes was reduced by heavy provocation and his mental instability. In "Rambo" is a bona fide all-American hero. Several years ago, director George Pan Cosmatos created "Cassandra's Cross", a predatory part of the left-wing anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing, if not versatile, and "Rambo" proves that he could turn his hand to the right-wing pro-American propaganda. The only thing that two films have in common is that they are ridiculous. The "First Blood" had its mistakes, but it also had its virtues. His attitude that the anti-war movement was partly due to the problems faced by veterans in adapting to civilian life was controversial, but at least the film sought to make a statement about war, social attitudes to war, and the roots of violence in society. "Rambo," on the contrary, has very little virtue, except that the action sequences are well prepared to please those who like it. It's basically a kind of jingoistic vengeful fantasy for those Americans who are still afraid of the war in Vietnam. Rambo again fights the war with one hand and this time the right side wins. Take it, Charlie Cong! <br /> <br /> At this point, admirers of the film (and it seems to be a lot - more than 2,000 voters have already given ten stars) would come to the conclusion that I am a liberal comic-loving pinko. Far from that - in fact, I have always despised communism as a destructive ideology. What I do not like about the film is not its policy, but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that, with all the problems, including ideological disputes, it must go with all the weapons and try to kill as many people as possible. It does not try to understand the political complexities of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in the region has been pro-American. For all its anti-Communism, the film is such a kind of martin propaganda that the Communists were very good at breaking apart - except that they attributed to all world problems capitalism, imperialism or revisionism or anything else they did not love. Compared to "Rambo", "Green Berets" was a masterpiece of political analysis. 3/10
