While the original blood had its far-reaching moments, it was at least exciting. In Rambo: The First Blood, Part II, emphasis is placed on comic books. Plausibility is totally rejected; logical dives; Stallone becomes so insurmountable that there can be no doubt that he will succeed in his mission. Just like any other actor wishing to do so (eg Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: The First Blood, Part II, cancels his own opportunities for true excitement by portraying a hero that is too invulnerable. If you can say that Rambo is about to destroy hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is unnecessary to evoke? <br /> <br /> Prisoner after the events of the first film, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone), is offered forgiveness if he joins a hidden operation in the Far East. The year is 1985 and the mission is organized to find out if there are any American dogs in the jungle of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to take the work of his old teacher, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenny), but the task is actually the spiritual division of government equipment facing Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo is only employed to go to the prison camp in the jungle and check if he has some American poles? if not, he or she should meet a helicopter; If so, they must obtain photographic evidence of their existence so they can be saved later. Helping him in his quest is a soldier lady with local knowledge, beautiful and inventive Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Surely, Rambo finds soldiers in the camp, but exceeds his orders by saving one of them? when he arrives at the meeting point, a rescue helicopter leaves him on the order of Murdock, who seems to really want to find no PW due to political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape, he goes to freedom and revenge on the treacherous Murdock. Several good points of the film come from polished Jack Cardiff's photo, Jerry Goldsmith's stunning score and the complete professionalism of the stunt team in conducting various events. Behind these insignificant selections, the film is a failure. Actors are limited to macho posing, conspiracy rings fake, action sequences are breathless and without tension, dialogue is absurd? even violence is becoming worryingly predictable. At the time of his release, America was under the chairmanship of Ronald Reagan, a man with simplistic and almost hysterical anti-communist views. For this reason, the audience has been confronted with this comedic demo, as if it were the greatest film of all time, transforming it into the unwavering success of boxing. Fortunately the times have changed? nowadays we can take part in it as a simple idea with a large number of bodies, a senseless politics and a ridiculous hero.
