A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The assumption seems to be quite simple: Yentl, a girl who is interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. Only boys can study, so after the death of his father he decides to disguise as a boy to get in. She becomes a close friend with Avigdor, who is to be married to a beautiful woman named Hadass. The Hadassa family learns that Avigdor's brother has committed suicide and the wedding is revoked. Yentl, now called Anschel, is then selected to marry Hadassa. She does, but never ends. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor go for a few days and Yentl / Anschel reveals her secret. The film ends when Avigdor returns (and marries?) With Hadass and Yentle going to America to continue studying, though he will have to continue disguise. for the movie for more than 2 hours, but there are a few things that destroy it. For beginners there is a constant SINGING. (I can hear the cry of critics.) Yes, I know it's a musical style, so there's a lot of songs and dance numbers. But the film could be improved if it was controlled and played without them. Tracks become tedious after a while and are not as far as expected. Many of these songs are forgotten, without real unforgettable texts, and those of any meaning could easily be replaced by a voice. Only one song is released from the rest, "Papa Can You Sly Me Me". Obviously, most of the others were deliberately placed, so Streisand might simply have to give his voice skills every five to ten minutes. It is likely that anyone who sees this movie will already know what a great singer and actress is, so the songs are really unnecessary. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Streisand's make-up, which is seen in her scenes as a man (lipstick, improved lashes, and blush marks are obvious), makes viewers hard to believe in Yentl / Anschel's character that she is really serious , and wanders with his new friends, colleagues and even Hadassa to believe he is a man. Still, we are asked to do so and we expect to believe it. It seems to be a contradiction because her character speaks or rather about how he thinks she can not pull her, but she is surprised that everyone seems to be deceiving because he's wearing men's clothing. This means we expect the other characters to be so naive that they can not see other differences, such as her actions, which are clear gifts. The differences in the face can not be included, as other characters in the film report that some of their relatives or friends have no beard or other hair on their faces. However, in 1900, if a woman dressed as a man, but she was wearing so much makeup as Streisand's character, and still trying to leave like a man just because she wore men's clothes, it would be considered unacceptable and caused by indignation . She is likely to be forced to leave the city or even the country. Therefore, the "feminine" make-up on Streisand does not lend credibility to the character and only weakens the plot. If it was only used to make Streisand more beautiful, it should have been discarded. <br /> <br /> Third, when Yentl / Anschel reveals who is really the end, then we are asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as Streisand and only when they learn the "truth" become a bit wiser. Now it becomes more and more obvious that the whole site is so attracted that it is nothing more than a custom vehicle for Streisand to fuel. Finally, there are Streisand fans who find no mistake with this movie, his plot or songs. I do not agree with those I have to respect. While she has excellent vocal and acting skills, I'm not "a fan of" her singing. However, I enjoyed many of her other features, including musicals. There are even some of her songs that I like, so I'm not "hate" nor did I try to kill her. I wrote this review from an honest point of view, from someone who tried to best watch this film - several times even - and experienced problems inside. If Streisand was interested in creating a great or even credible movie, she could do it by not showing that she needed to show off and prove her talent, beauty, and cleverness at almost every step. This film is nothing but a hurt of her ability to make herself devour herself, so she turns the film into laughter unfit for fans or the audience.
