(Frankly, Barbra, I know it's you who keeps all of you "NO" on my reviews 22 times, how many people did you have to teach you to help here, you have nothing better to do, look at yourself in the mirror day?) Steven Spielberg told Barbar that it's "the best movie I've ever seen since the" Citizen Kane. "That's pretty much everything - and it's a terrible warning! What are the ingredients for a certain fire cinematic catastrophe and body , you will never forget to forget about the tears of both laughs and pain? Ingredients: Barbra Streisand's face, musical, feminism, Barbra Streisand's voice, directed by Barbra Streisand and the ultra-deaf / idiotic assumption Hollywood is full of Egyptian, we know it. , almost everyone - according to the definition - must be in glory in Hollywood Why would anyone want to act For art? Well, if you are stupid enough to believe what they tell you carefully and streisand has all the greatest ego, that's quite a success, being surrounded by narcissistic craftsmen and yet managed to handle all of them? notable. The film, like all her "solo" efforts, is the way of the ego directly from hell. Every scene in which Streisand is located is automatically destroyed. Still-born. But because it is not enough, she sings the whole pile of Streisand songs? you know what allowed Mariah Careys, Celine Dion and Whitney Huston of this world to poison our precious air waves for decades. Just because he deserves not one, but 100 episodes of South Park mocks her. The assumption that Streisand dresses as a person to study to become a rabbi is like a comic comedy of ZAZ. Besides being a cliché, the obvious problem is that Streisand does not look like a woman or looks like a man? in fact, I'm not even sure she's human. The way he looks in this movie, right? it can not be described by words. E.T. looks like a comparative high school student. He looks more like Michael Jackson in 2015. It looks HORRIBLE. <br /> <br /> Songs. They felt me ​​shivering. Especially "Daddy can you hear me like a crunchy woman's carrot in the heat?" and "I'm going to prepare a sequel tomorrow night, YENTL 2: RETURN BITCH." Do you know that Streisand considered having a job in her early career but changed her mind when she told her her voice could change? Can you believe it? She had to do it! You kill two flies in one movement, so it would be. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in reading the biographies of Barbra Streisand and other Hollywood intellectuals, please contact me by e-mail. <br /> <br /> WILL BARBRA STREISAND FINALLY GO TO PURCHASE? CLICK "YES" OR "NO".
