Michael Williams, who works for the BBC, finds an impressive Italian photo that is projected into the material of his ongoing DIABOLIC ART: DOCUMENTARY. But since the mysterious death of her wife, her daughter, Emily, has been emotionally disturbed, she goes with Spoletas, where her troubled image is with her and her nanny Jill. And there is a countess who is also a psychic, and informs him that the picture was somehow made at night when a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe her story, but then Emily has a hysterical crotch and Jill is killed ... But this Italian film is almost innocently influenced by EXORCIA, but this is much cheaper, much simpler and more meaningful, much dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows Emily is reincarnating Emily. But when Emily sees her in her memories she perceives her exclusively from the perspective of a third person. But if it is the reincarnation of Emily, she should and must see the past only from Emily's point of view. The confusion of this kind, which has many films, is almost exclusively based on the problematic fact that the film is rather cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its own quasi-Freudian motif, namely the unidirectional inquisition of pre-school girls. To make it even worse, this film also has a characteristic problem (if not a mess); each character is too naive and powerless to be a realistic and / or credible living person. As for Emily (or Emily), she is after all a child and it can be said that it is difficult to accuse her mainly because of her naivety and helplessness. (And according to Freud's theory, every girl wants to have her child's father in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not purely pathological, only the way to exclude other women from father love is problematic pathological. the film itself is too cowardly to be a freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are just as childish and naive and helpless as Emily. And because of this characteristic weakness, even the psyche that sees almost everything, can not do anything down to earth, and because of the same weakness, the story of the film ends with a heavy leak. In addition, the special effects of this movie are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although the music of Stelvio Cipriani is remarkably beautiful (it's really good that it sounds like it's worth it), the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-movie that can be disappointed even in the 1970s - movie lovers.
