MTV-style film crew consists of American creator Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), his girlfriend, Australian Cecily (Kate Fisher) and two surfer guys - Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) pretty island somewhere. actually revealed. The crew plans to shoot an exhibition on "bloodsurfing", which is probably the latest madness in extreme sports. Surfers throw the bait into the sea and cut them to attract sharks to see if they can fly without being eaten. Once there are greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Their search for the perfect site leads them to Lilo-Cay infested sharks. Sonny, Melba and their daughter Lemmy (Maureen Larrazabal) take them on their ships. Shortly after arriving and filming several "bloody" shots, Sonny, Melba and Lemmy are all killed by crocodiles with seawater of 30 feet in diameter, some of whom say they own a "island". The ship is sunk. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy will appear on the island until there is a rescue operation. However, after starting with some, well and well do not know what they are. Pirates? Drug smugglers? Revolutionary? Fat ugly people who simply do not like to be with other people? Who knows? More importantly, who cares about it? I'm not sure either. However, after the escape of those boys who look like pirates, Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girlfriend Arty (Tary Reif as Tara Reif) are picked up right off the coast. The film crew believes they have been rescued. Few know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks are going back and he has the score to settle down and the four crew members will not stop him. Captain Dirks goes back to Lilo-Cay to finally fight with a giant man walking through a crocodile. Directed by James D.R. Hickox is a terrible movie, but still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie is upset. The script of Sam Bernard and Robert L. Levy is terrible, extremely slow, because the crocodile is neither seen nor mentioned 30 minutes ago. Until then, I was really tedious and angry with the scary characters of Bernard and Levy. The whole movie is also frustrating predictable. During the first ten minutes, anyone who is familiar with the stereotypes of horror films and composer characters will be able to predict who dies and who survives. Crocodile effects are terrible and seem to repeat themselves again and again, there is a small puppet head that apparently has someone's shoulder stuck inward to drive his movements as the splashing water becomes enormous! CGI crocodile shots are simply embarrassing to watch. There is no gore separate from the half-bite figure, which is achieved with CGI to digitally remove the actors' feet, again looks terrible. There is also a short scene when someone is impaled on wooden spikes when setting a trap. There is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex, plus a female actress are nice and easy to eye. There is also a basic continuity and logical mistakes in the movie, in one line Cecily shoots Bog and Jeremy's "bleeding," but from the angle and distance to which it is, it would be physically impossible to get shots of both sharks and surfers at the same time, and it is certainly the whole point of her shot? When Dirks is able to harpoon a crocodile, the angle of the wire dramatically shifts between shots, in one shot it looks like the angle of the line looks as if it were from the sky, the shot straight at the angle is completely different, and the line seems to come from below the water , when in fact the harpoon is attached to the back of the ship and the line should be almost level with the surface. Could I continue as if the crocodile jumped from the edge of the cliff if she was as clever as how to solve this movie? But I would probably exceed the 1000 words limit if I said everything that was wrong in this movie so I will not. I hated the movie, but it's not as bad as it is like the effort of Tobe Hoopers for a huge crocodile film. Be sure to avoid it.
