Wow. I have rarely felt the need to comment on movies recently, but this one is particularly asking for beatdown. Let's start at the beginning. First, writer-director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the tired old role of the victim, complete with the desired abusive husband and the mature suburban existence. Let's say that almost all the content in this boring movie is completely bruised. Montford's humble attempt at symbolism, including a starless Christmas tree, is ridiculous. When she sets off on some Christmas wrapping paper for one dark and ominous night, Della is angry that someone has doubled her car's favorite shopping night in the year. She decides to do something about it, leaving her windshield a nasty note. The next fifteen minutes of the film is devoted to Della, who moves helplessly in the shopping mall. When she finally gets to the car, the criminals confront her with the note, the cops kill her and she runs and they catch her, she's gone, and they chase her even more and further on. Everything is completely predictable and uninteresting. The murderers are not scary or threatening at all, and they are all chosen one by one in all the usual ways. It's one of those movies where all the action depends on the characters as silly as you can imagine. Why the evil people do not kill just to wait for an iron tire to fall on it, it's behind me. And once, once in a movie like this, must the package leader die last? What is the fact that everyone is eliminated one after another when everyone is just as stupid? Much of the movie just makes Lukas Haas running in the woods screaming "Della !!!" And the inclusion of Joy Division on the soundtrack of this poor movie is insulting. The part that really did me on the computer keyboard was when Della, exhausted and injured, called to heaven. "Where are you, God?" Where was God really when this film was shot? I give him 2 only for competent cinematography and lighting and it's not as bad as 'BTK Killer,' which is the ultimate marker for evaluating every terrible movie. Cheers!
