Really very bad movie with very few good moments or qualities. It starts with pregnant Linda Blair, who runs through the corridors to escape from what might be monsters or people with forks. I'm not sure. She jumps through the window and wakes up and we see she's very pregnant. The degree to which she is pregnant varies greatly throughout the film. She and an unpleasant and perhaps slowed little boy who thought her son was traveling to a deserted hotel on the island. Italian horror directors will find the most irritated little boys who give in to their movies! The island is already David Hasselhoff and his German-speaking virgin girlfriend (you know how the Germans say they love Hasselhoff ...). He takes pictures and I think he is converting the esoteric German book of witches. Also traveling to the island are the older couple who bought it, and the real estate agent and the woman I thought their daughter was. Apparently she was an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the children of an older couple. I think they all traveled to the island together, but Linda and the boy seemed to be from the others (maybe they were filmed separately). The hotel seems to be clean, certainly outdoors, but it is not used for any great effect. An old woman with a bad make-up and a black cloak, the boy still appears and sometimes sings something in German, which he eventually records on the Sesame Street tape recorder. <br /> <br /> People start killing either in their dreams or sucking in hell or something. Some of these gore scenes are fine, but it is not enough to recommend a movie. Although the copy I've been tracking said it is not over the box, it seems that the death of a character whose veins explode has really failed. Much of the scene shows reactionary shots of another character because we do not see anything. The worst scene is the one in which a man or a demon with a really dirty mouth blows someone rape. He looked particularly nasty. There is a ridiculously and painfully bad scene in which Linda Blair is obsessed. I wish she had made a horror movie, would do something original with her role and let her leave the Exorcist behind her (except for the annual horror conventions). In the strange, largely Italian tradition of claiming to be a continuation of something not related to, it is also AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. It is supposedly a sequel to Casa 3 - Ghosthouse, La (1988) - it's not (it's also better movie than this movie). La Casa 1 and two were Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again unrelated to Witchery and La Casa 3 (and much better than those). There is also Casa 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which seems to be going to be a sequel to the fake series La Casa and House: House House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1987), The Horror Show III and House IV (1992). How is the Horror show right there? This does not really mean that it is a sequel, so it is required that entry into the real series renumbered itself to cause less (or more?) Confusion. Special, The Horror Show is also an AKA Horror House, and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Still Have a Head?
