Witchcraft / La Casa 4 / and all you want to call. As for .. Crud. The gathering of people on an island on Massachusetts is besieged by the black magic powers of the evil witch who kills each individual through cruel, agonizing methods. Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) shoots Linda (Catherine Hickland whose voice and behavior resemble EE-YOR from the cartoon Winnie the Poo), a virgin studying sorcery, on a resort island without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, who is an incredibly crude female) is interested in buying a resort and along with her husband, Freddie (Robert Champagne, who is still ugly to other women much younger than him), pregnant daughter Jane Linda Blair and Tommy's grandson Michaela Manchester who seems to be looking at Sesame Street instead of looking at this waste), to take a boat to a treatment center to look at real estate by Realm Tony Giordan's son Jerry (Rick Farnsworth), apparently a puppy in business getting wet feet. Along with these people, architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is nympho), would help Rose re-design the resort. The ship captain kills Lady in black (Hildegard Knef, wearing make-up and lip-stick extra thick) and the storm is cooking. The ship is leaving alone (led by the invisible force of The Lady in Black, I think) with everyone who has been stuck in a dilapidated resort with a desperate need for repair. Most of the victims, before meeting their ugly fates, pass through the type of red wormhole, whose belief leads to another dimension (maybe a kind of hell or something like that) where they are tortured by those ghosts dressed in a shabby dress with a crazy expression. One victim has an affected mouth before being hung up in the chimney, baked while the other fire heats. One poor soul is tortured by the cruel twisting of the rope, tightly wrapped around his body, before being found hanging from the muzzle of the sword, penetrating his neck. One guy is slowly choking when his veins (and bleeds) and bleeding from his throat breaks in Hasselhoff's face! One person is crucified by the nails that hit him in the hands before hovering above the open flame. Blair's pregnant victim becomes obsessed, whose hair stands at the end and speaks with another woman's voice. One is raped by this demonic man with "sick" mouths, while the infernal hobos stand near cheerfully. The film, despite being exaggerated, is mostly boring for those who really want to see the lowest point in Hasselhoff and Blair's careers who deserve better. Almost unbearable, building low voltage. The clumsy power of lethal sequences that look cheap and ridiculous. Sure, some gore is fine, but most of the movie shows the victims after they've been through the ringtone. We have the chance to see pregnant women (who look exactly like stuntmen in costumes with bad wigs) and jump from the three storeys of the window. Oh, and the reflected face of Lady in Black is often appearing on inanimate objects to see them. Tommy has a small Sesame Street recording unit that records the song The Lady in Black, which is apparently being used later. For some reason Lady in Black likes to visit Tommy. She is not afraid at all because Tommy is too bored to show some expression, much less fear. Do I need to say more? This one is really glowing. Ugh.
