Oh, my ... bad clothes, worse synth music and the worst: David Hasselhoff. In the eighties, revenge took place at the Witchery, an American-Italian co-production helped by the infamous Joe D'Amato on the production side and director Fabrizio Laurenti (director of small miracles). Shown as a kind of sequel to the Evil Dead series in Italy (it was called "La Casa" there), Witchery brings some modest purchases of gore and bad acting. The combination of ghost story, property and witchcraft, the film jumping without scene scenarios to another without leaving some serious wooden actors and the jolly day and night mix-ups slowly progressing to the expected end, culminating in some serious surprise of the WTF. (I just like a look at her face ...) Surprisingly Laurenti can do in a few - just a very few - scenes to get some tension and air of anger; For the unfortunate for him, these few glimpses of a gentle magic movie go down quickly and efficiently. Plus parties are experienced when gore hits a fan. This department is quite effective and entertaining in the classical style of latex and red colors of the 80s Italo-gore, when things became 100% handmade and as shocking and lively as it could die budgets. Only with radical joy and only a few laughs could I watch all the skewed ways in which unwanted characters (and actors) shattered and abused one by one. I just apologized for Linda Blair, who apparently did not want to try out a good old girl / woman role in her career, or so she looks when she looks at the filmography. <br /> <br /> Well, people - not to say anything more, and even less to say home. Do not wait too long if you spend some rainy afternoons and you will probably enjoy some fun. It also helps if your rotten little heart pounds in the rhythm of 80 euro gore horror. And to talk about hearts - every film in which David Hasselhoff gets into a big metal object and bleeds heavily around the room and the corridors MUST have one in the right place. This is my truth - what is yours?
