There are many different versions of this canvas, so make sure you can find one of the unrated copies, otherwise there might be a gore mistake and one nudity scene. Some versions also omit most of the introductory sequence and other bits here and there. The cut I saw on the screen title WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and was released by Shriek Show, who keeps the original American title of WITCHERY release for DVD release. It's a nice-looking print and it seems to have all the traces but it has some trimming / aspect ratio problems. In Italy it was released as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two LA CASA recordings were in fact the first two EVIL DEAD films, and the third LA CASA was another film of the same production film (Filmirage), which is best known in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make things even more confusing, WITCHERY has also been released elsewhere like GHOSTHOUSE 2. Apart from Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK, then I'm just gonna quit. I'm getting confused! <br /> <br /> No matter what the name is, it's a very hit-or-miss horror effort. Some of them are good, some are not. In fact, I was in the first half or so, but eventually it became an absurd mess. The large, empty hotel, located on an island about 50 kilometers from Boston, is a place where different people choose one by one German speaking witches (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to capture the "Witch of Light" and his girlfriend Mrs. Writer (Leslie Cumming) who studies witchcraft, does not enjoy the hotel without permission. Next comes real estate broker Jerry (Rick Farnsworth) who shows real estate to potential buyers Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Likewise, their children are also called; pregnant adult daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and very young son Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as oversexed architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - wife of Hasselhoff at the time). Once they are all inside, their ship rider is killed (hanged) and the ship disappears, so they find themselves trapped and basically at the mercy of "Lady in Black". So what can you expect to find from here? Lots of annoyances! One of the characters has its stitched lips and then hangs upside down to the fireplace and randomly roasted with the rest of the cast. There is also a crucifixion, a witch eating a dead baby, a swordfish over his head, someone lit, holding, a tape recorder Sesame Street, a virgin raped by a demon, boys of veins exploding and exploding thanks to voodoo dolls and other things. From a technical point of view, it's a nice film with very good cinematography, decent score and good gore effects. The hotel / island setting is also nice. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross seem to be having fun, and Knef is great as a wicked witch. Even if people want to mock Hasselhoff these days, he's not even bad in his role. <br /> <br /> On the underside, despite all the gore, the film seems a bit dull and monotonous after one hour. Supernatural motives are also confused and confusing. When the character wanders into the witch wizards to get tortured and killed, the filmmakers inadvertently decided to overwhelm the grumpy actors over a silly-looking red spiral whirlwind effect that looks extremely crude. And the witch itself is empty and cheaply designed with an incomplete incisor. And while most of the cast is at least decent, some of the performances (especially the "actress" playing Hasselhoff's girlfriend and child) are so bad that they are constantly scattering.
