For 50 years after the Second World War, the United States was in a state where key segments of the economy dominated military interests. At the same time, because of the concept and the wars, everybody in society served or was connected with someone who had it. This enabled a mini-based based on the idea of ​​an American smart in the middle of an inflexible military machine. Sometimes the machine was a non-military army, for example, in situations of prisoners of war. Once stories are removed in other machines: sci-fi and corporate, they always refer to this military genre, and testosterone events even refer to their comic siblings. I think maybe it's starting in a comic book, which means Amrican, the "Great Escape" sections that immediately triggered teeVee offspring in "Gomer Pyle" and "Hogan's Heros". Then the second wave triggered "Catch 22" and "MASH", both of which were real life, then books, then movies and in the case of MASH, then TeeVee. , there was "Phil Silvers Show", Sergeant Bilco, followed by "Mr. Roberts". A happy guy who committed innocent crimes, and then just as a reaction to an overly brutal system that tried to limit his life. That was the day TeeVee showed that it matters. He absorbed them, instead of just transmitting them to work on the conversation. In any case, it was not very clever, except that I found that between what we wanted in control and freedom was a rupture. <br /> <br /> Its one big area, where Americans have resolved to think of forgiveness, even loving, lies in a military context, a zone that was won by one of our political parties. <br /> <br /> Because it's big, sometimes it laughs in laughter. "Stripes" was pretty funny, I thought. It was a twist of bad players who really defeated serious enemies as if they were bending into a "Dirty Dozen." And a sexual adventure. Now, before the cultural wars developed. He tries to touch that sweet spot, just like the other remakes Steve Martin has directed. It is so unfortunate that you are really rooting for the army to be a stronger player. Another way to track how companies are developing their grip on military strength. Ted's Evaluation - 1 of 3: You can find something better with this part of your life.
