Maybe I'm really old, but I just missed the old Funny Bone. Certainly there must be something very strong with this Irish man (that's me, Schultz!). Sir, Lord, what can I see the light! First of all, that Phil Silvers manic energy, joke and drive was very much part of the comedy of education and general education in life if you want. Although it is possible that the series called "NEVER NEVER RICH" (1955-59 *) could get to the CBS television network with someone else in the lead role of Sgt. Bilko, it's very hard to imagine any other actor / comedian in business with those bands of sergeant master. Such a strong identification is inevitable, though not the same kind of career - the murder of the nightmare, that it has been shown to other guys such as Clayton More, George Reeves and Charles Nelson Riley ("UNCLE CROC'S BLOCK"). <br /> <br /> One of the main pitfalls for the successful adaptation and updating of such a work from the 1950s television screen to the 1990 movie audience is our collective memory. Without the assurance of what percentage of the crowd remembered that Bilko character saw the original run and early syndication revival, and their number was certainly considerable; even a large number of youngsters have seen Bilk recently. It was obvious that the new film and the source were miles; or even light-years. <br /> <br /> In order not to be considered a complete square, old grouch, let us consider some other points. <br /> <br /> Right here today, on the 14th day of November 2007, let us swear and under the oath to confirm that I was almost 30 years old fan of Steve Martin. Besides, I enjoyed the joke and talent of Bilka '96 Co-Stars Dan Akroyda and late Phil Hartman. After all, these were the talents of such boys and many others, Alumni from "NBC Saturday's NIGHT" and "SECOND CITY TV" that laughed in the last quarter of the 20th century. But BILKO re-make; it just did not mean clicks. Perhaps if the film was created as a service comedy (they always liked it), but without Bilko Show names and gave him some identity, it would be more crabby feelings, old people like me. So we've had so many sitcom and cartoons that have recently changed to movies, what's next? Have a chat about someone doing Hal Roach World War II to the DOUBLEDAY & AMES army comedy series of sergeants DOUBLEDAY & AMES and the first TV series of the series "CRUSADER RABBIT"? Do not forget where you heard it first! POODLE SCHNITZ!
