Back in my days as a usher "Private Lessons" played in a 4-plexus I was working on. It was a hit song that was sold on Friday and Saturday nights for several weeks. I've never seen, but I've seen this last weekend on the cable, so I decided to do it. What I witnessed for another 90 minutes was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and one that was terribly disturbing to watch. The basic story is a teenage boy longing for her sexy maid (Sylvia Kristel). It also seems to be an attraction to the boy, but for sinister reasons. So we noticed the boy watching her undressing and inviting him to watch. And it goes from there. Eric Brown, like a teenage boy, must be one of the worst actors I've ever seen. His "fear" reaction every time Sylvia takes off a piece of clothing or touches it is terrible. I was not to laugh at this piece of junk mail. And we should not start on the subplot maids and the chauffeur plan to make money from the baby. Let's just say it means to pretend death, to bury the body ... I could go on, but it's ridiculous. Sexual scenes are the worst I've ever seen. Even though Eric Brown was older than he looked at, it is a fact that he looks like a child. He does not seem to know how to kiss a woman (if it were about wanting to think about my critics again about Brown), she just got closer to playing pornography to be erotic. I've never been off sexually, even though Miss Kristel is quite beautiful with or without clothing. <br /> <br /> ** SPOILER WARNING ** I have to mention the last scene. For me, it's just bad, but I remember the audience excites when the movie froze and dissolve into credits. Our hero returns to school and begins to flirt with one of the teachers. She calls her for dinner, and she looks at him as if Tom Cruise had just asked her. She nodded and left and smiled at the triumph of the camera. Give me a stir! Yes, I'm sure teachers around the world will risk everything for a teenage child. I never understand the appeal that this movie had in 1982. Sure it was more than nudity because there was a lot of teenage sexual comedy with nudity that bombed at the box office. And to think that the same young people who had woken the movie 22 years ago are now developing at the ladders of a business and perhaps helping them manage this country. That's a terrifying thought.
