Let's put political correctness aside and just look at it in terms of the numerous sex comedies that came out in 1980, because I for one do not think it's any better or worse than others. If your Kook some religious or nervous woman can probably show silly film like this without all worked up about the content and I personally had absolutely harmless to this feeling before and after watching it. The story takes place in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where the wealthy 15-year-old boy Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny as hell and begins to spy on an attractive maid who has just started working for her father. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is gentle to Philly, but things heat up, when his father goes out of town on business and starts flirting with him to she invites her to her bedroom to watch her. Philly is embarrassing and does not know how to respond to the first, but as soon as it comes to it and has sex, but to his horror, Nicole seems to have died of a heart attack! With dirty chauffeur Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) seemingly buried her body, but the message appears on racketeering and Philly has to get 10,000 US dollars from the safety of his father. Philly is shocked when Nicole appears and finds out that the whole thing is the blackmail plan that Lester has founded, and that she was just kidnapped because she is an illegal alien, and if she does not do what she was told, the Immigration Office . Together they seek to return the money back to his father, before returning home, and they get help from Jack (Ed Begley Jr.), who is a tennis instructor, but pretends to be a policeman who scared Lester. <br /> <br /> A small comedy was made for less than $ 3 million but earned more than $ 50 million worldwide and considered one of the least likely films to be so successful, it made me realize why it was a hit, and no one else. Director Alan Myerson boasts that made the film a hit, but the truth is that they never really had a career in films although he did go on to be very successful on television. So ... why did it become so successful? I think it may be because of Christ and before you decide to be crazy, listen to my thoughts. Kristel was an international star because of her soft-core movies, so the reason has made many free think-and-grown adults who are curious to see her in an American film that has been widely released. This would make the same adults also nostalgic about their own youth and fantasies about learning how to love an attractive older woman that brings much younger listeners who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. By the way, this is my thinking and if anyone has another reason I would like to hear it, but back to the film itself it is obvious (and very sad) that the film as it probably would never again (except in Europe) because the religious right and the other violent jokes who simply can not cope with the fact that the teenage boy who gets to his feet will not give him any damage. In fact, it is a valuable service that everyone BOJI prays for them to happen to them! The movie itself is clumsy and the Double Body of Christ is too noticeable in some scenes, especially if you carefully notice the difference in the nipples. The story (though interesting in its basic form) is not very fun or revealing, so it remains a reflection of naked scenes that are genuinely the norm.
