Well, it turned out how I expected: visual overload, but nothing else to the original one. What surprised me, however, was that the drama changed drastically compared to the film in 1968. At first it aroused my interest, but what eventually surprised was that the new twists and turns (a) were apparently invented to introduce us to the typical Hollywood product and (b) made the whole story unlikely! The story of 1968 was amazingly straightforward and did not contain any storms of time or any such fake stuff: it just said that if you went back home after a long journey things may have changed a bit. Earth could fall, for example, into human apes. Like many old films, the main component of tension is (hell, someone understands this word today)? In this Burton movie, an attempt was made to make the whole thing turn into an action movie, but at what price? Sure, the paintings are stunning and a lot of time and money came into the concept of a complete culture of human songs (ape-music!) But what is going on? distrust is very difficult because the apes have lots of Hollywood human qualities. I mean mainly Ari and the slave trader. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and a series of "fine" emotions. You forget that apes are apes, which is crucial. <br /> <br /> Secondly, people TALK. Of course, we can imagine that people will never forget how to speak, but the fact that the apes have a say and people do not make a human and human role that changed and stressed in the 1968 version. The throat injury that Charlton Heston suffers is necessary for his survival and subsequent speech recovery, which is necessary for his uniqueness and interest. Zira in itself (so there is no need for human rights activists or human human love to explain this. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, the fact that talking about the fact that the ad did not materialize is a necessary step in new movie because Captain Davidson has to play Hollywood-let-save-the-world-and-have-and-end-for-all-and-make-to-the-lounge-bar- cool-diet-coke character Oh my God, they will never learn? It's new from the beginning when there was only one guy who was lost! They needed a hero! And then the script writers continue to think: we need one man ... so why would one guy lose ... because he's trying to save people from an electromagnetic storm ... unlikely ... But it is necessary because it shows the audience that he respects the apes! Because we can not in these modern and politically correct times have xenophobic people like Charlton Heston, who is in the picture <br /> <br /> Fourthly, the general turn of the original "discovery of the truth" of the film from 1968 into a modern version (it finds that its own mother ship has hit the planet years ago) and that their swan monkeys have developed their company, where Heston just found out, people left Earth when he was gone) is pretty done. The second, battle-part goes like anti-climax. That's because this movie has added the first two films of the parrot planet on one plot. A nice attempt, but the cold you feel when Davidson and you find that he's lost on the planet forever emaciates because of the uninteresting battle. <br /> <br /> Pátá: konec !!! For chrissakes who have come to that? (a) Davidson crashes TWICE with his escape bowl, which seems to be an unstable object, while the chimpanzee can just land with charm? Well, who believes it? If the pods are really small space craft (Davidson just flies to the universe at the end) and not just escape the craft, he could at least once have a safe landing, right? And what ends? I think it was clear in the original movie that everything happened on the ground. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet and suddenly is the same (there is a statue of Thade) human culture is on the ground? As? Did they abandon the apes of the far planet technologically, flew into a time storm, and colonize the land before the Davidson mission went off? Why is Thade worshiped? Silly stupid stupid. Helena Bonham Carter is even cute and beautiful as an ape, but I did not expect I should not. I preferred her monkey over Estelle Warren as a human, but maybe I got a little loose wire in my head. The only convincing monkey, however, was Tim Roth as Thade (gorgeous!) And Ari's home monkey (former general, but I forgot his name). Nonono, a lot of things could and should have been added / changed to pic pic of 1968, but not a story, at least not so. It was simple and clear and had no further explanation. It was a pretty linguistic face and cartoon. Do not print all ...
