This movie starred in a completely forgotten star since the 1930s, Jack Pearl (Radio "Baron Munchausen") and Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, it is billed as Three Stooges because they are the only ones in a movie that the average person would recognize today. Film fanatics will also recognize Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. As for Stooges, it's a movie from there - before MGM had some idea of ​​what to do about it. team. At this point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" because Healy was a leading man. Fortunately, Stooges soon left this unpleasant and somewhat unruly man (read it - you will see what I mean) and the rest is history. During the year Columbus became very successful shorts and MGM executives soon kicked off the team's loss. This was a common event in MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (for example, Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, until they went to Columbia, MGM offered them a wide range of special film roles - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY. And strangely, they did not act as a team in this movie - they just did a variety of supporting roles, like Larry playing piano! This particular film begins with Pearl and Durant, the African Jungle. When rescued and brought home, all the sense of the structure of the film breaks down, and the film almost resembles a diverse parade - the interrupted scenes here and there. As for Pearl, I really understand why he never did a successful transition to movies because he has a personality (but a bit less welcomed). As far as Durante is concerned, I never knew what the public saw - at least as far as his films were concerned - loud and loud! Apparently, he decided to help MGM destroy Buster Keaton's career to shoot this movie. Together, Pearl and Durante rely on lots of verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that tend to be more inclined. In this movie, the Stoogs still did not have the right chemistry. Seeing Healy doing the work Moe did in his later films is strange. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, the cameras came too fast to allow them to really get into their routines. Stoog fans can be very frustrated even though hard fans may want to see them to complete their lifetime goal of seeing everything Stooge - even the rotten Joe DeRita and Joe Besser films (oh, and they did it after the death of Shemp and Curlys got worse. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie is rather dull and unsatisfactory, but there are a few interesting things to look for in a mess, and after about 13 minutes you will see a short scene where the bus wagon sings in. Look carefully because this is Walter Brennan in a role that you will never expect Another unusual thing you are looking for is the song "Clean as a Whistle" which begins in about 22 minutes in the movie, and this song and dance number is clearly an example of the so-called "Predcoded" scene , which would never be allowed in movies after 1934 (when the production code was reinforced) .It is a very irritating number with naked women, despite the word "clean" in the title, which show a lot of meat - quite stimulating, but it is not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking when it is seen today, although such excesses were relatively common in the early 1930s. Finally, in a 63-minute mark, Jimmy Durante sees the session set back for several decades. Watch the movie, you see I think it!
