"Well, Chuck Jones is dead, leaving the ground for his character by adding cheap blasts, the American anime went into style and gives them superpowers." "but sir, we are not all ready to have some shows in the works that are like this - much less does not look after their original creative dreams." "Yes, and these shows are getting rid of cash and we need more!" "but will not every man and child who have grown less agitated with these times become angry?" "Hay you're right, set it up in the future, make it all the descendants of the original characters and all the names change only slightly ... but not too much, but we have to be able to milk the success of the classic" <br /> <br /> That's the only reason why I think why it exists at all. If you look around the terrible desecration of our beloved Looney Toons, it looks like an OK show. But then there is a teen titan, which is the same bloody thing. All the characters are dressed as a batman, driven by a ship that fights super criminals, have superpowers, the only difference is that they are spoken as Looney melodies and have similar names and character traits. <br /> <br /> This kind of thing falls into the category "it's so ridiculous that it's good." Think about Brother Super Mario and Batman and Robin. If you want to laugh for all the wrong reasons, check it out. If you are from a younger generation (why this thing is really intended) and you can go through greedy leadership shame, then go with it and enjoy it. If you like this cartoon, I do not have a problem with you, people who have read this thing together that I'm angry. You know how they say piracy is like stealing a car; this show is like a rough robbery. They could also dig out all the people who deal with the original cartoon, put them on the screen, dress them up in err pirate costumes and charge money. If this show did not use the characters (those who did not like Looney Toons in any case) that the studio had made millions, then it would be okay. But not! For the shame of the Warner Brothers, for shame. If I saw this thing like a 30 second gag on Simpson's or Family Guy's episode, I'd love to. I can not believe it has ever happened. I bet that 80% of people working on this show hate it. But no matter what matters, in 10 years this show will be forgotten, while the originals will live forever or at least to the end of the world. "Next year, Snoopy and the gingerbread gang are back, and now they have frantic lasers and they can turn invisibly! Can Charley Brown defeat the evil foreign warrior Zapar?
