Loony Tunes dared (at least) twice in the future. For the first time he was with the brilliantly humorous "Duck Dodgers". The second time was with this? um ?? effort. "Loonatics Unleashed" is not without merit and can be considered a good product because it is not on Warner Brothers quality. WB cartoons are known for their humorous humor, attracting at least as much to adults as to children. These episodes for pedestrian superheroes, on the other hand, can not convince adults to hand them over. The assumption of the series is that 6 ordinary individuals (2 bunnies, Tasmanian devil, duck, roadrunner and coyote) live on the "urban planet" of Acmetropolis and gain super force when the meteor hits the planet in 2772. What is confusing is that the titles are these individuals are up to 2772 from the 21st century. Cute but scary silly. <br /> <br /> In each episode, super sextet? in the midst of a slightly funny but basically banal fraud? Fight with various super villains. Typically, these are the types that appear in every average superhero adventure series and even the best. Like many superhero medias, this man takes his villains too far into the context. And, of course, these guys are the only characters who laugh? wont sense, of course. Why are the villains always in the predictable adventures of superheroes? ALWAYS ?? laugh at every occasion? Animated material of this kind seems to leave the laughs exclusively in the province of villains and (occasionally) their henchpeople and / or henchthings. In fact, the producers of this series have missed their best bets right from the get-go. Powerful characters are sometimes based on their previous normal abilities, but sometimes they are not. The problem is that we do not see enough WB ripple. Lexi and Ace have fairly common biologically generated energy guns and have virtually no personality traits that they could describe as "similar errors". What we have here are basically stupid and harsh "teen titans", including its too "modern" animation "appearance" but with animals. Feh. <br /> <br /> Another bug from the program makers is (or are) villains. As noted above, they are not very imaginative and unsuccessfully angry. Wonderfully, writers have completely lacked the obvious technique of making villains from warehouse WB characters as well as protagonists. Adding to the entertainment could be, say, Jupiter Sam? like The Fudd, still hunting wabbits ?? as did Tech E. Coyote converted to a really neurotic villain? and so on. Oh, sadness of missed opportunities? <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, all this production has gone too much overtime (ie 2nd season). However, we can rejoice that there is something new there for the 14-go-to-9 crowd. All of us can hope for the third season of Duck Dodgers.
