I had high demands on this film (the title, translated, is "How do we get rid of others"). After all, this concept is great: a near future where the ruling elite took the consequences of the constant verbal and legislative persecution of the right-wing government called the Freeloaders and the left wing in general and decided that all those killed could not prove that they were contributing to the establishment "common good," but in reality it means the interests of ruling capitalist ideology). Very cool idea! Ideal for biting satire! Only this film is completely exhausted. Satira comes out only in several scenes and absurd performances, but this satire is not maintained; not sharp or funny. And because of the alleged comedy, the film has almost no fun scene. I suppose that comedy should be in the absurdity of situations, but the situations are largely inconvenient and too serious to cause laughter or thinking. The script is full of grave mistakes in liquidation. The action should focus on political aspects and how bad it is to do so, but instead devote time to a young woman who has written new laws for fun and who is trying to save everyone by organizing the resistance that people bring to Africa . All this is next! Such a movie should not pretend to be so serious! It's a satire! Political statement. But it does not really start to really solve the problem to be addressed. Perhaps he was afraid too far? How Cowardly. It's not art. It's not a real satire. Søren Pilmark, very serious, and now one of the absolute top performers in Denmark, was very good. Mostly he had so much fun movie value. Everyone else: nothing special (well, maybe with the exception of Lene Poulsen who delivered a convincing performance). In fact, the problem with most Danish movies is that the language never looks naturally. Neither the formulation nor the delivery. Why is it so hard to handle it correctly? Why should it be so firm and artificial? I hope that when people look at these films for fifty years, they do not think these people were generally speaking in Danish society. <br /> <br /> 3 of 10.
