If you care about the baby, make sure they do not live near the graveyard. Especially when the child has the habit of drawing bloody images and disappearing between the tombstones in the night to see their "friends". But our long-haired heroine, who does not realize all the symptoms, meets Norton with his family, including a stern father and an elderly older brother who becomes the loving interest of our novice guardian. Even more creepy than a zombie gang out there is a tendency of candidacy to talk, even if their lips are moving, and words that do not match the movement of their mouths. But enough ... domestic animals are sacrificed, old ladies have their eyeball plucked and the orchestra does not shut up in any scene, even the silent. Oh, and the editor has a day to go on the road with the movie. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if everyone involved took the vent and broke up what they had signed up for and left AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to get into the movies these days, but this starting point is not one of your CVs that you would like. If he was a farmer's trainee convicted of harassing chickens. Featuring one of the worst performances by Laurel Barnett for the first time, and another nearly as bad child actress without Rosalie Cole's charisma (Another Dakota Fanning is not), the film is evolving and just outstripping what gets through the top. This includes five or six undead members who suppress our utterly unnecessary hero in the shed, while its bit rough reflects these wood-chips with a wooden plank, one shotgun shell, and all that his hands can lay on. But in a minute, back ... when they were in the car, they discovered that the creature had found the noise of a horn so repellent that they were stirring at the sound. So they stay where they are safe? Of course not, they fall into this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the guy can prove the hard nuts that the girl can behave as if she had a nervous breakdown. the movie closes. It does not end, but it's just about trimming. The main character returns to the vehicle covered with fake blood, as if nothing terrible happened. But dear spectator, something terrible happened. You've just been sitting through one of the saddest, boring horror movies you've probably seen and lost for 82 minutes of your life, never coming back. Just think .. years from now on your deadly bed, you would trade an hour and 22 minutes just to spend some time with your family. Unfortunately, it's too late for me. You are not making the same mistake: (2/10
