A little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the country. This little girl, Rosalie, has some psychotic tendencies when the film opens with feeding kittens to some creatures in the cemetery, and she recently lost her mother who was going crazy, but she was alive all night in the woods while she was alive. The premise of the film is a new young lady who comes to Rosalie to take care of her. She is acquainted with the evil forest while driving, and imagine the tension, you will experience the huge blue barrel that falls alongside the cliff to somehow stop its car in its footsteps. From there she goes to the nearest house and finds Mrs. Whitfield, who then comes up with a lot of explanation about Rosalie and her family. The gravity radiated by Mrs. Whitfield's character must be perceived as credible. Well, the young lady will meet the baby and soon we will learn that not only is it strange but also everyone in the movie is very bizarre. Everyone shares one thing that no one has ever heard of an acting school. None of these people can act - as evidenced by the few vehicles that some of them have seen in the movie before or since - and they all seem to have little idea of ​​what's going on, to stop the memories of the lines and have all the belief of a paper bag. The director produces the material at a slow pace with this terrible piano music that grows here and there over things to be frightening. It takes a bit before we get to a few murders of buddy friends, but at that time I do not care. The murders are not convincing, and it is true that the whole movie looks like someone who goes along on their friend's farm with the people and things they are there. It is said that the end has some scary aspects, even though we have not learned one tricky thing about why Rosalie is like this or, more importantly, who is a low-cost mask. Cheap or even begin to describe the budget here. Basically, there are a few old estates and some shelters at the end and, of course, forests. Somebody lent a couple of old cars to the director. No special effects of any kind and only minimal make-up. There are so many gruesome moments that appear, but I know only a few who have made me at least laugh at the lack of creative abilities: 1) Watch the gardener's body well after being "killed". He just comes and sees he's crushed and you see his fat belly lifting up with life. 2) The dying scene at the end when the actress playing Rosalie is killed. It looks like she listens to the directions and thinks that sweet time is dying. 3) And what the guy playing Roasley's father gives Andy Griffith a poor poor man. The scene where ladies laugh at the scouts was strange. The baby is really a very bad film and is very bad for cheese standards 70, if so. It's not B movie, it's more like Z movie, where producer Harry Novak is making money for nothing.
