A Lost Look at the Kibbutz Life <br /> <br /> This film is a less cultural story about the boy's life in kibbutz, but deliberate demonization of kibbutz life in general. In the first two minutes of the movie, the milk in charge of cows raped one of his calves. And it's all uphill with regard to the characters representing the typical "kibbutznikim". In addition to the two main characters, a clinically depressed woman and her young son, everyone else in the kibbutz is a rough cartoon of good evil. <br /> <br /> The story focuses on how the kibbutz, like some sort of cult, slowly pulls the mother and son deeper into despair and what inevitably follows. There is no happiness, no joy, no laughter in this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents another horrible human crime such as misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, cultivation, repression, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a strikingly handsome European looking 12-year-old boy? his elder brother is a typical Kibbutz bachelor supplemented by a "Jewish" physical appearance and coarse personality. It also takes care of the fact that aliens voluntarily skip than the health of their dying mothers. He treats these volunteers as garbage. After his little brother is called to visit his dying mother whom he has not seen for a long time because of his military service, he orders, quotes? "Lindo, go to the shower and in two minutes." <br /> <br /> Is there another "good" character in this movie? a European alien who plays his mother's girlfriend. When an animal rapist tries to hit his mother's son, his friend prevents him by breaking his shoulder arm. He is briefly kicked out of kibbutz for "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: An unhappily annoying French woman who plays a school teacher says that sex can not happen until the age of 18 or without love and gives an overview of the current act that is humorous for the audience but is really just stupid. But of course he screws the head of the kibbutz in the fields, which then circles the little boy's mother as her mental health turns to the worse. <br /> <br /> The film shows the kibbutz as a kind of cult. The children pull themselves out of their beds in the middle of the night and come to a ritual where they swear loyalty in the fields that are being watched by the elderly of Kibbutz. Mother apparently can not "escape" the kibbutz, although in reality someone is always free to come and go as she chooses. It's a mystery as a boy father died, but you can be sure the kibucus "brought him to him" and his surviving parents are another pair of merciless and poor figures who bind to the mother and her son. <br /> <br /> This is the essence of this movie. One-dimensional figures, over drama, dry performances, and insidious messages trying to hit the head of the audience? that the kibbutz life was humiliating, miserable and even fatal to those who did not "fit in". I apologize for the guy who shot this movie? of course, had a bad kibbutz experience. But I feel as though he has taken some kernels of truth about kibbutz life and turned them into huge atomic stereotypes.
