Yes, AWA wrestles how anyone can forget about this unreal show. First they had a very short poll called Marty O'Neil, which made "Rock n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose. Then it was Gene Okerland, who when he was "a fool as a wrestler" said either "They were out of time" or "Well returned" and behaved as though he was mad, but actually sounded forced. After going to WWF, Ken Resneck took over, even though his mustache looked like a weekly soup that was added to him, he was a very gentle interviewer who "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called the mouse face that made me fall from a chair laughing. After jumping on the ship, Larry Nelson arrived aboard, which was so bad that Phyllis George would be an improvement! Then Doug McLeod is the best spokesman for a wrestler who has ever made every exciting match with his description of blows! He was then offered a higher salary for the Minnesota North Stars team. The ring that can forget Roger Kent, who is mistaken for words and sentences, was as historic as when the wrestler was great "Hes great!" kicked or kicked in the "close-in" gut, or when he kicked "he hit him" or "pileriver should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a helpless opponent. on Green Money (WWF), Rod Trongard, who announces the style, was great but different. Like a wrestler scratching the shoe outsole at the head of another head, he said: "Through the front e-lalok" or when the wrestler is in trouble "a bad bad way" and also say that AWA's worst, hardest, wisest, most scientific wrestlers are right here in AWA! When WWF Larry Wheres Phyllis left! Nelson took over and I would talk to someone else or ignore it altogether (WWE wisely did not take it!) Also, Greg Gagne had the worst shoes for the match when I saw the yellow color of something I do not mean. So when HES is looking for a mark, he looks like he wants to get it to run to the closest toilet Jumpin J im Brunzell was such a great artist who is surprised to wonder, why Greg was his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler, but you wonder why Verne himself won against him. (Puhleeeeze!) When Vince McMahon hired Gagnes jobbers, he would most of them struggle with squash matches. I like to see that the Gagne family says the games are real!
