I saw this film right now, not when it was released and awarded as the best picture of the year in Israel. and summarize everything right now, just say: it's not a good movie. This is Dr Shaul's second feature film and I have to admit that his first and television drama, which has previously created this picture, is much better. In addition, it's his first attempt at drama direction. Early work was comedy and fun and efficient. The first thing you need to know is if you ever saw this movie: Israel of the 21st century hates the kibbutz and the values ​​that represented the creation of the state of Israel. the real situation of the kibbutz is very terrible and some of them disappear one by one. The kibbutz, the Hebrew word for collective, was a kind of village only for members where the values ​​of equality and socialism were dogmas for everyday life. with changing social values ​​over time, the kibbutz now seems to have been the place where the human spirit was suppressed, locked up within dogmatic rules, without a ticket. the entry of capitalist values ​​and ways of life in the 1990s, and it has so far been very difficult to survive the kibbutz. The crazy mother in the movie is the main metaphor for it. But I think this film has nothing to do with the nostalgia of old old kibbutz. it was once the dream of every young couple to live in kibbutz and raise children in this beautiful setting. but the film shows the opposite. that kibucus, with his socialist dogma, is a place like a crazy cult, with crazy thoughts that undermine the freedom of each individual in the collective. it is the central philosophy of postmodern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. you have to stand up to the center and nobody else than you is a matter. it's the philosophy behind the film, and that's just the first sin. If you disagree with me on the political side, I'm sure you'll agree that acting, the tone of the movie, it's a script, and its direction is the four sins that follow. the movie has no real visual text, and none of its footage is something to remember. it is also a very "delicate" delicacy, which is nothing but an art fartan attempt to bring about emotions that they do not care about, not in the movie and not in the audience. it brings nothing but boredom. <br /> <br /> Can someone explain: why did this movie get so much? perhaps because it shows that Israel is in harmony with the rest of the world, hates socialist and human values? or perhaps it shows that Israel is a "fine" place that does not give up dogmas and fanaticism? that we are basically very human and good people, capable of emotion, especially when they are false, just as capitalism expects to be? or perhaps because, in recent years, one of the biggest lies of Israeli cinematography tells lies that undermines the justification of the existence of the Jewish state? no matter what the answer is, it's not good. not for the world, not for human values, and not for the Jews.
