It was one of those films that had received a dance melody in the early 1970s, usually on "Movie 4am" or once, on "Channel 6 Big Movie" at 7:30 pm And another on Creature Double Feature. When local channels used to run movies in local programming (mostly off today in favor of infomercial time) It was time. Several Abbott and Costello Wannabe (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) with a low lease are in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen men in the remaining weapons) who are sent to field maneuvers to look at some strange radiation, aliens. First they will get to the Bronson Canyon for what will later be Batman Batman's famous Batman and hit the remains of the dead "Carrot Monster". Later in the cave, they are chased by living carrot creatures - basically a guy in a black suit and head of paper, sparkling things and ball-pointing ping-pong. Two of them - complete geeks, Ray and Ball - are trapped and waked up with tables and are "explored" by space amazons - Dr. Poon (nooo kidding!) And Professor Thang who are stunningly beautiful and even moreso in their modest bikini " uniforms ". At that time, we were too young to realize what later scenarios of slavery and fetis would more than suggest this "investigative" scene. It turned out that two girls and their carrot monster are stuck on the ground with a ship that is well hidden and trying to return to their world. The film was made as a comedy with varying degrees of taste, but remember that it was at a time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew from Frankie and Annette's film were the elevator of B-movie, a comedy. So it seemed just natural to jump on the bandwagon for some quick money. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I just thought I imagined the movie was starting. No, I really did. And when it was released on the "restored" DVD I was in my memory. Comedy comes out of a slightly funny to just stupid, but anything. The budget does not exist, which is a miracle when you think it is even happening and we can talk about the "restored" version here and now - more than 40 years later. Payouts are girls who want to learn about "love" and "kissing", and the result is geeks - which we all have - got girls and love wins. It's just gothic and stupid, and for places, it's nostalgic.
