Clint Eastwood is Bronco Billy, Wild West Wildlife Leader, one of six regular unsuccessful players meeting a tournament show. The seventh member of the pile is a woman, Billy's assistant, but such women never last long and their position is chronically open. Enter Antoinette Lilly (Sandra Locke - Eastwood's girlfriend at the time). It seems that Miss Lilly, as Doc (Scatman Crothers) tells her, is an inherited heiress who receives her late father's estate if she got married when she was 30 years old, and so on the eve of her birthday, cartoonist Geoffrey Lewis . So what's the story of this movie? It's hard to say. There is a romantic tension between Billy and Miss Lilly, but the problem is that for the first half of the movie she is so ruthless and shameful that when she suddenly becomes "one of the mourners" in the middle of the movie, it's not only incredible but the audience is past caring for her. There is a chronic shortage of funds for the Wild West show, but this topic will not touch enough to really be the cause of the movie. There is a situation of Miss Lilly stuck in the countryside in the west, cut off from the money that drives her blurred luxury of luxury (what she mistakenly thinks her family and the press are dead). But do we really have to believe that she can not go back to New York and her expected fortune if she did a little bit of effort? No, it seems that this is a movie that Billy is the leader of the family, a loving group of losers who hang together dense and thin. Is it a warm, fuzzy movie? or at least trying to be. <br /> <br /> On the way, Clint shows us his abilities with a gun, even for a bank robbery in filming that is grotesquely out of place in another relatively nonviolent movie. One of the gangs is arrested for an old fee for a fee; Billy bribes the local sheriff. The exhibition tent will burn; orphans make them new. But many worldly pitfalls make a conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Combining the problem is a negotiation or a shortcoming. In addition to Scatman Crothers, the accompanying cast is totally amateur. Eastwood is not even at the top of his game, though he looks simply simply by being surrounded by such a dull play. And for all this, the film melts for 116 minutes. To what point? Good question ?? <br /> <br /> 4 of 10
