Shakespear seems to be equivalent to a high eyebrow, which equals a group of people who do not see anything for what they really are. At one point in the movie, someone (I think Producer Pacino) warns him that the movie begins, it was once about how the masses think of Shakespeare through the RICHARD III vehicle. Instead, he decides to shoot a chopped game with random comments that have been sprinkled everywhere. Some scenes seemed to be included as home movies for Al (there was really some reason for a quick visit to Shakespeare's birthplace, other than a laugh about something unexpected, what's going to happen?), And before the movie really started, they are being treated to see Al prance around and act cute and fun for the camera. I thought his stupid deal with Kay at the end of GODFATHER III with a knife to his throat is AN ACT - but apparently it's how Al actually behaves in person. Here is the shotgun angry because I did not even make a quarter of this over: 1) demanding - Al always knows when the camera is on him, whether he acts like Richard or in a "real" interview with someone - you see it in the corner of your eyes, also, some actors around the trial table become untethered and wax hamms to the extreme. If someone who has ever spent time with a group of actors and saw such a thing outside, it is unbearable. "Look at me, chew all the sceneries!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she appears as Lady Anne, this film comes at a gruesome stop from which she never recovers. She has nothing to add to the discussion scenes, but the camera remains on it to bring boys. Its performance is scary, booting. 3) The only things you really learn will be told by the scholars themselves, who are trying to avoid the image of the filmmakers. Of course you will also learn that Pacino should not drive movies (or make Richard the first). I'd rather watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than that. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the game and teach it yourself. Go out and see how it works. In 1997, I played the Etnicko-cultural theater of the University of Washington and what we see in this film seems like a college drama (except for the insignificant Miss Clarence! My God, was it necessary?) <Br /> It's just a lot of sound and fury, which means bums.
