Wha-BAM! Someone definitely enjoyed absorbing the whole bane of acidic mushrooms and then scripted this crazy excuse for the movie! Writer Howard Cohen extends the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with several extra S, like Sex, Silliness, (More) Sex and Sheer Fools! It's not just about the movie, it's all the dreams and fantasies of the teenage degenerates. "Deathstalker" has everything: blood, violence, trolls, crazy match, attempted rape, successful rape, pigs in life (!), Haunted hairstyles, to death, crazy witches, broken, ridiculous villains and boobs, goats, BOOOOOOOOOOKS !! "Deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with his distinctive role model "Conan: The Barbarian" as regards the conditions of satiety and utter ostentatiousness. The story seems to be of little importance. Lonely and homosexual (does not even know) warrior Deathstalker continues the mission, as an annoying witch has ordered her, to assemble three notorious elements of creation? or something like that. On his journey, he joins forces with a troll-turned man, a warrior who is even more gay than he is and - last but not least, he is a kind lady who does not seem to be a great supporter of the concept of bra. Together, they head towards the kingdom of the evil Munkar, where they participate in the war tournament and conquer at least two of the three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with a spider's tattoo on his skull and an impressive harem that even discovers the richest oil jealous sheik. Okay, he said, "Deathstalker" is pretty damn awful, and sometimes even disproportionate. Combat sequences are lame and costumes and make-up effects are totally dubious. For a moment, when I saw the introductory sequence, I was actually afraid I was looking at the "Troll, Prequel". The monsters look incredibly crude and totally opaque as threatening, but it's undeniable fun if you're in a modest mood. I suppose it is not popular among feminists, because the overall portrait of women is somewhat discriminatory. Most of these occur in the harem only as an eye. She is allowed to crawl on the floor naked and play in the mud, but strictly forbidden to open her mouth. The two "leading" ladies (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are fascinating, but - quite honestly - if it were not for their shelves, they would barely remember.
