Syriana headed critics for the release, and everything seemed to be arguing about her. I suppose it's one of those movies that is intensely intelligent ... so intelligent that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and the politically brilliant mind. I do not think I'm unintelligent, I've been studying politics since early teens and enjoying an intelligent film, but for the most part, if it is not documentary films, they should be primarily fun as well as news. Syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and turned away some people. I would even go so far as to say that those who desperately insist on being 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This movie was the most confused, nonsensical, breathless dribble I saw in a moment ... Especially in light of the critical echo, Oscar nods and casts. Scenario writer Stephen Gaghan disappointed me again. His horribly written Havoc preceded this movie and I think he's just trying too hard. I can not believe he was offered the chance to write a script for Da Vinci code. In addition, Gaghan directed a movie that made him an absolute mess. I did not know who was anyone, why things were happening, who they were and what they were. It was a disaster. Because I really do not know who anyone is, I can only mention the actors and what I thought of their performance, because despite the terribly complicated scenario the players made it right. George Clooney plays C.I.A. field agent and killer I mean? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been popular, but he has managed to conjure up some decent performances lately, and it seemed to be quite good on his part. Barnes was a complicated figure with a bad history, and if I knew what was happening to him, I would really enjoy his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and is rather dull and always looks like a deer in the headlights that I can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and is doing well in several scenes that have been given to her. Christopher Plummer makes a portrait as someone does something. I like Plummer and love when I see him come in, even if he does not get a higher billing. Cast is intense if it makes sense. I would like to cite exactly the description of the IMDb plot. "The missile will disappear in Iran, but the CIA has other problems: the heir of the Emirate is awarding a China oil deal, excluding an American company that immediately ignites its immigration workers and joins a small company that has concluded a Kazakh oil treaty. The Ministry of Justice suspects bribery and "The CIA also needs one when his conspiracy to kill the emirs apparently fails." Agent Bob Barnes solves the double cross, the economist rules out the death of his son in a contract of advice to the boss who wants the CIA dead, the unemployed The Pakistanis are joining a fundamentalist group, all the roads start and end in the oilfields CO!?! Tell me who now? Syriana may be a philosophical film but it bored me with tears and no matter how much I tried to stay with him, eventually I surrendered and turned it off in an hour and a half and you could not bribe enough, you got me finish it. I suppose if you want to form an opinion until you get it noticed the watch, but I promise that anyone looking for fun or enjoyable film will sleep in the first half hour. 1/10
