Woosh ??! Man?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> Can you open the scene? We see a pile of mongoloid barbarians with a bad makeup jumping walls of some ruins. They slip and attack a guy with a confined, dressed, captive girl. The guy ran out, the Mongoloids followed him, and one of them remained a devastating girl, but instead put one of her breasts and kidnapped her. Then the boy (still on the run) sees the horse and tries to steal it. Suddenly?? a blond, bloody hero with a bad wig appears, who says, "This is my horse!". Powerful Deathstalker has just emerged. Mongoloids come in, Deathstalker kills everyone (including a bitch) on the melody of somewhat inappropriate western Mexicanos score (this is supposed to be a Swords & Sorcery movie, what about 'arriba-trompettos'?) And then goes to Captive Girl and reveals both her breasts . She starts to rub and Captive Girl likes her. She starts to enjoy her lips and caress Deathstalker. As soon as they get to him, the old friend who breaks what could have been the end of the perfect day for Deathstalker (and maybe a better end for a short film) will appear. <br /> <br /> Now tell me? It is not a place for a feminist to furiously turn off the film, or any other viewer would say "It will be a hell of a good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten out of the balcony: Deathstalker must win the sword of justice and use it to alienate the Amulet of Life and the Magic Charm from the evil Munkar magician. <br /> <br /> In addition to dripping, breaking, accidental bloodshed, retarded fistfights and embarrassing swords, this movie also contains a huge amount of images t! ts & a $$. Originally I wanted to add one extra point to this movie for every free shot of naked beans I could count on. After 9 points (even in the middle of the movie) I had to give up counting. I was distracted from the rest of the film. And the rest of the movie is worth it. Totally crazy things. Look at this mutant cat / worm that Munkar has as a pet and feeds eyeballs and fingers. And here's an interesting question: What would you do if a man in a woman's body came into your bedroom and tried to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: you blow it a bit, take the knife and try to rape it. Then you find that she is not a woman, so throw him out of bed and tell him to leave your room. It works well, I'll tell you. Deathstalker also does it and the Deathstalker-way is the right way! DEATHSTALKER is really a wonderful movie, as highlighted in other commentaries. The villains are hilarious. Women are tasty. There is blood, sex, violence, rape and delicious chicken. There is a totally unnecessary tournament, which contains only a few barbarians who defeated, shot and hung blinds from each other. My favorite weapon used in this tournament was a huge wooden hammer, used to defeat a poor candidate for bloody pulp. And my favorite candidate was undoubtedly that he was a coarse head with Warthog (reminding Gamorrean Guards from RETURN OF THE JEDI). I do not want to reveal how the film ends, but just prepare for delight in joy when I tell you that the four-fold distribution is worthy of the climax of the film. And, of course, there's a wonderful display of misunderstanding in the whole movie. See that the boy is pulling behind a horse through an unclean path and another view shows it is dragged over the grass (no way). You see that the amazing tattoos on the wizard's head magically change the sides in the same scene (on the left side of the head is shot, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a magician. It is, or this film was shot in an alternative universe, where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. Just as I enjoyed it, and just like I'm looking forward to the other three installments in this series, I have enough harvesting to let me not pass this movie. I am ready to give her the maximum number of minimum points, so I could deduct a few points for a lower continuation. DEATHSTALKER could be a great fun, scary and dirty CONAN rip-off, it's also a filthy movie.
