Last night I searched for a Hollywood movie with a friend who was trying to find a nice horror movie to watch the New Year's Eve weekend. As I looked through the shelves, "Severed" saw my eye and I grabbed him from the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent B-class horror film. The cover looked pretty good. The plot was half interesting. So I rented it. What mistake. Do not be fooled by a cover that looks really good. I think more money was spent on the envelope than the film itself. The film follows two police detectives who follow a voodoo-inspired, ritual serial killer called "Head Hunter," which killed left and right victims in some unnamed city (presumably Los Angeles), and they have withdrawn into his ritualized murder world. <br /> <br /> The story sounds a bit good? Well, it is, and this movie could be decent halfway. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything was ridiculous. In the opening scene, there is a redhead actress in the car who is trying to talk about this huge, obsolete mobile phone and for whatever reason she goes out and talks to a guy. Then a shadow appears behind them, hacking out of the head, and the girl drops to the ground and starts to crawl (for no reason at all) while trying to dial 911. Was it ridiculous? Yes, you bet. The whole movie looks like it was shot on a VHS-quality camera and I guess it was. The game was mostly terrible, and the special effects were not far from credibility. And the scene with the cops on the phone was terrible - the voice on the other side came up and sounded as if it were recorded in someone's bathroom. Everything about this movie was just amateurish and lengthy and I did not care much for a long time. I have often been bored and tired, mostly because of bad acting and horrible cinematography. Moving was bad. Everything was just bad. Overall, "Severed" is an unsuccessful attempt at what might be a decent B-movie. The plot was good and I think that if this movie was better treated and had a higher budget, it could be okay. But this film broke down on his face. If you expect something short, you will be very disappointed. It is recommended only if you can tolerate Class D horror movements. Otherwise, you will probably want to stay away from this waste directly on the video. It had little potential, but it was a mess. 1/10.
