I have to admit that this "re-introduction" of the original film from 1968 was a great disappointment. Especially when we consider it a Tim Burton movie. He is defenetly one of the most original and, I can say, the cool directors of Hollywood produced. I'm personally a big fan of his work, but apparently disappeared with his latest film, The Planet of Ape. I really liked the original film. When it first came out, people only expected another science fiction movie 70, but they were very surprised to prove that the theory was wrong. It was a very clear explanation. Apparent antiwar message. The fear of the Cold War, where the world took hold and fear of the use of nuclear weapons, played a major role in the minds of filmmakers. These reasons caused the film to rise above all expectations and became an instant classic. Although the new film, "re-making" or anything else, leaves us nothing. No message, no ideals behind it. It's just another cash summer blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Visually, Tim Burton will not disappoint you. The dark and spooky setting was great and of course the make-up is amazing. Obviously, it is not enough for people to be perceived in the film. There must be an exciting story or story. In this movie, the plot is very uninteresting and is extremely badly thought out. The script is very lame and is full of gaps. It seems that this film was written in great hurry. An explanation of why the monkeys, where they are, and why the planet was ruled was really stupid, and ignorant of the writers. She raised a lot of questions that did not have a reasonable answer. </ br /> <br /> For example; Why did the apes speak English? Why are there other types of chimpanzees than chimpanzees on the planet (given that only the chimpanzees that arrive on the planet are on the spacecraft) where do all these people come from? How a few chimpanzees could evolve into a huge increase of all kinds of monkeys in just a few thousand years. (I think it took millions of years to develop from a monkey to a human!) Finally, a bad surprise ended with the plane. Probably it was just throwing because the original film had such an end, and then they felt the audience expected the same kind of end. The end also raises a lot of questions I know, they do not have intelligent answers. Did Theid teach you to work a spaceship that was unconditional and learned to fly back in time and take over the earth with one hand? And what did he do with all the women? And let's say it happens, I very much doubt that history will remain the same as if Washington was built just like today! (I mean, instead of going to be a huge banana instead of a memorial?) Well, just say something positive about the movie. Some players were great. Helen Bonham Carter's character was interesting and effective, just like Tim Roth as Theid. He was very good, somewhat exasperated at some points in the movie. Michael Clark Duncan was also fine. I was not happy with Marc Whaleberg. He is not much actor and plays a very macho colorless character. Very unmanageable and not in Hestons the character in the original. And the main female figure did not have any reason or place in the movie. It has just been replaced for appearance. There was little to say in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Well, I think in the future when people think about the planet of apes, they think about the original. The newest will soon be forgotten.
