This film is another attempt by director Tim Burton to use a familiar title to bring his vision to the screen. He did it with "Batman", "Sleepy Hollow" and now this. This is not a remake. The only thing he has in common with the original one is that he has simians who can talk (and Charleton Heston makes a portrait). Burton has completed the whole story and wrapped it for today's mass spectatorship. The original planet of the apes was a product of its time. During the 1960s, America tried to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time of soul searching and a rethink of social standards. It was a civil rights period when groups that have long been considered inferior demanded that they be considered equivalent. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical confusion that meets today's audiences. POTA was an extremely intelligent film that touched the difficult questions and elegantly held the oppression of American society until it was scrutinized by making the white guy justify his intelligence to the species he considered to be inferior. Dialectics between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zirem (Kim Hunter) was a provocative and intelligent thought with irony, both subtle and obvious. Burton's version is the same product of today as POTA in the 1960s. These are apes for dummies. It is superficial and neonatal, replacing politically correct fantasies for intelligent dialogue and focusing more on form than on substance. The surprise surprise is totally incomprehensible, and the movie has nothing to do with the clip that sets the sequel. While the end of the original POTA is kindly associated in one single powerful scene, Burton ends and simply ridicules the listener. "I know something you do not know, and you will have to wait for the sequel to find out." From a technical point of view, as is always the case with Burton's film, the film is excellent. Makeup is fantastic and Burton's camera is great (though I still do not like its dark look). However, thirty-three years of progress in prosthetic makeup can not even offend the offensive scenario. The story was reduced to the movie monster. People are joining Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight the monster ape, to help and encourage several layers (especially Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is formulative and simplistic, with a lot of violence, ideal for today's fast food. <br /> <br /> Actor acting is mixed. Mark Wahlberg is a gentle actor to play in this role. Walberg is excellent in playing dark, dull characters that are tortured but strong. This part requires an inspirational hero who is not in Wahlberg's repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a great actor whose character is so far below her ability that the disconnect is ridiculous. She tries desperately to do something of a fragile nature, but her interpretation is a cross between the university peace protesters and the love of a sick teenager. Then there's Tim Roth. His performance is virtuoso and the only one rescues the film from complete destruction. Roth is diabolically hateful as the malevolent General Thade. It creates one of the most malevolent and contemptuous villains I remember at some time. Moreover, his physical activity is superlative, which makes the chimpanzee so perfect that one can almost believe that this species exists. This film is a great disappointment. It's a good fun if you control the brain at the door. I rated it 3/10. From a technical point of view, it is much better than that, perhaps 9/10. However, the story is an insult to the original franchise. This is another Burton attempt on herself adultery, using a famous title that attracts crowds to the box office, so many people can see what genius is. Of course, that's true, but it would be great if he used this talent to produce great films, instead of a simple minded paper formulated for mass consumption.
