If one thing that disturbs me most when seeing a bad movie is seen by experienced movie makers who should know better. This "reconfiguration" of the monkey planet could have used some imagination, not to mention the basic elements of character development. Nova, a girl in the original planet of monkeys, was better developed in this version than Daena, because she does not say a single word about it. The man, who has so far combined incredible visual imagination with intelligence, joke and humor, apparently expected much better than Tim Burton, who was essentially missing from this production. land development. The first big mistake allowed people to talk. It was a fundamental difference between the apes and the men that caused the * difference * in the original film. Even when he was a mute, his ability to communicate was what marked Heston's Taylor as distinct from other people. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages (telling) human slaves to rebel, but there is no reason why they should not turn away and restore their emancipation. They are skillful users of tools and have the ability to communicate so they can create plans, something people can not do. He does not need any man to fall from the stars to save them. Since it comes from a technological civilization and is in the period before technology without (first) some aid to help him, it is Wahlberg who should be at a disadvantage, not the people who are accustomed to living there. <br /> <br /> It was sad that Helena Bonham Carter is working hard to create a spark between himself and the unfinished brick wall Mark Wahlberg. Her best scenes were with the timid magazine Tim Roth. People were virtually ignored until they were needed in the third act when Daena began to show real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg), and the young boy suddenly changed from a background of background to a gung-gung freedom fighter. That was a bad personality development. (Estella Warren, in particular, seemed to be able to do much more than she was given in the script). Wahlberg's infatuation at the end of what those people see in him was certainly shared by mine because he barely got into contact with people. <br /> <br /> Creating apes: a half plus two minutes: Ape make-up was great for men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan, who has incredibly strong eyes (which was why he was so good at The Green Mile) and the make-up design allowed him to take full advantage. However, the monkey of the women did not appear to be anything like a monkey, not a human being. The minuses were top jumps that looked as realistic as the Flash Gordon rocket: jumping monkeys looked as if they were just fired from the catapult, they had no long leg of the grace of the original apes. Secondly, bad mixing of the sound - when gorillas roar, it is from some animal clearly dubbed, probably feline, which makes the sound ridiculous and unreal. In the original film, there are various "human" things that apes are doing and say they are treated as a slight relief ("I never knew what human apes I did not like." "Human view, human is doing!"). Here the apes simply speak in the same way as the 21st century people do, and there is no humor at all. The only original idea was Ari's legs. Nothing could do me more than "V-Ger of Star Trek," which is near the end of the movie. At first, the apes were apparently able to read the Roman script in the distant past, in order to know the name of the Forbidden Zone in its partially hidden form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription named is simply covered with sand, which Wahlberg just pulls away, something that a monkey could do centuries ago. This moment was far worse for me than the much spoiled end of the movie. Things of this nature are, however, typical of most of today's sci-fi movies. In general, in the 1960s and 1970s, they did not have the budget to create compelling futuristic kits, but they dealt with genuinely original themes and ideas that were really science fiction. I think 2001: Space Odyssey, 1967 Apollo Planet, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and Solaris 1972. The first Planet of Monkeys even took advantage of the only scientifically valid and physically possible way forward in time. This film, however, includes almost all the bad sci-fi cliche clichés: space storms, anomalies and wormholes directly from Star Trek; the planets of the solar system and their moons seemingly visible together as large globules (in fact, from any planet, all other bodies, even their own moons are just light points); a conventional rocket boat that travels from Saturn to Earth within minutes in place of a flight; two thousand-year old equipment burns and works fully in the minute the hero pressed the button. Not to talk about virtually bulletproof glass door. In the current environment, you would have to explain why * this was a proof of bullets, but because it is "sci-fi", you do not have to! Overall, Burton's most disappointed film is.
