Warning: Spoilers Galore! Tim Burton, who transforms this sui generis movie, is about as reasonable as Remake Psycho - oh, that's right, some idiot has done it - I'm leaning on my case. <br /> <br /> The movie opens when the chimpanzee is missing a simulation, which proves it's not so smart at first. Marky Mark appears in the shot without his characteristic underpants to show and then is rejected by an ordinary woman who prefers touching the chimpanzees. The superior creation of a space station image orbiting Saturn for no apparent reason, the interior of the ship's shroud with genetic attempts on apes. Do we have to travel to Saturn for 1,300 million kilometers to carry out these experiments? A team of specialized effects gives it. <br /> <br /> Marky's chimpanzee is lost in the basic sci-fi cinema - Time Warp. Marky then demonstrates the rude security of the space station by stealing the bra without anyone noticing it, and at the same time demonstrating his absurd stupidity when mounting a rescue mission in the deep space into a wormhole hole for an exhausting, experienced chimpanzee with a million-dollar truck limited fuel supply and oxygen. Before anyone can call "an insignificant remake," Marky surfed the red hole, hit a strange planet, pulled out his helmet without thinking about the lethality of the atmosphere. is haunted by a sound scene that almost resembles a lush rainforest if it were not for the backlight of the plastic trees. Surprise! It's APES what's going on - or at least it was * a surprise if no one saw the Planet of the Monkeys for thirty-three years. Because Marky Mark did not get to show his pecs, pick up his pants or grab his raggy white rap, he was without letters. Michael Clarke Duncan's gorilla teeth, which were cruelly inserted, helped immensely in determining his * character deficiency. Helena Bonham-Carter (an irritating chimpanzee activist), lost without the Shakespearean script, did a great job of overcoming Marky and Clarke as the Most Cardboard Cutout. Paul Giamatti, an orangutan slave trader, assured the role of a comic relief and interlude. Although I grew up in my stomach in the music musical films that touched this movie, one headline of reviews captured the essence of this monkey planet 're-imagining': 'The Apes of Roth'. While all the other grinders look like extras of one million years BC or Greystoke, Tim Roth, like Chimpanzee Thade, chews a massive amount of scenery and hakls cocoa wonderfully. As funny as his portrait of psychotic Thade, his character lacks facial behavior: Thade is upset when we met him for the first time ... and is almost at the same level of madness at the end of the movie. POTA (1968) was the original character of Taylor Charlotte Heston, who was so disillusioned with humanity that he left Earth without any regrets - although this film progressed, Taylor was unknowingly locked up in battle to prove the value of a man - as his only champion! The original film was eventually a story of humiliation, not of salvation: when Taylor discovers the Statue of Liberty, he is forced to realize that his species NEVER prevailed. Is there anything that is brain or ironic to Mark Marky Mark? Or Roth's Thad? No, but there's a lot of running. <br /> <br /> Slogans cry: Take back the planet, but it's the planet APES. In this movie, people and apes were crashed here, people who had plunged into the caves, allowed the monkey to get speech and sensual armor; apes who are willing to inherit the planet! Together, Mark Mark, in a real anthropocentric arrogance, finds it self-evident that people must be top predators, simply because they are there. 'Taking it back' is as absurd as the monkey landing in 2001 complaining that "a planet where humans evolved from APES ?? !!" and then causes problems with their exaggerated and hairy anus. <br /> <br /> Heston was occupied in 1968 by POTA because he founded his reputation as courageous: he was Wes Ben-Hur, Michelangelo, Moses! To be kidnapped as a mute animal animal in a strange society, it was amazing to see the audience expecting: how crazy must be the world where our Charlton person can not pay respect? Marky Mark currently has only the solid underpants. Though Heston was constantly despised by the board of directors, he dominated the screen with his charisma and amazing overcoming. When Marky Mark tries to break into mongoloids, it's as if this unpopular person at school suddenly got into a classroom that tells you to stop drawing your penises on the board and throwing his shoe. Burton is attempting to raise Marky's icon of humanity, but he acts like a ravenous deviant. In the original film, the apes consider Taylor to be deviant, yet humans and apes were an icon of humanity. This irony. <br /> <br /> It was good for the man who had picked up the scene - chewing on the acting technique - Heston - should play the father of the film's hottest scene, Thadde Roth. Like Roth's monkey, Charlton tells his own immortal lines, this time he turned against Man: "Damn it! Damn everyone in hell!" The film becomes stupid and stupid towards the end. While Thaddeus gives Marky a somewhat humiliating lesson, he falls from the top with Marky's chimpanzee. The boys demonstrate their hebetude by bowing to worship this unknown being, while Marky proves his own hebetude mumble: "Let's teach these monkeys about evolution." First of all, they are not monkeys, you monkeys! Secondly, it was the genetic manipulation and the imbecilic drawing of production that brought apes to this point, not evolution. And what you want to teach them by blowing them off with a hidden laser laser is called misanthropy, not evolution. Rejecting the end of the twist would only disturb viewers to believe that Estella Warren's semi-nekkid role was truly integral to the plot (still be my legs). Notwithstanding it was the last human hope; finally, the police monkeys took Mars away to Plot Point Prison where he was last heard, "It's a fool!" MADHOUSE! ... '
