Warning: spoiler ?? even though I think this guy was spoiled when he came out of the can? It is hard to even imagine that a movie with these stars from this studio made in this time period could be so terrible, but it is. It's the biggest flaw in the movie that it just does not make any sense. Rich American widow Aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his little daughter "in charge" and goes into the First World War where he is killed. Then we stray forward to this day (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters are in a court where they have reportedly spent the last twenty years, and some fools, Barclay, try to take them home. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions that contain a script, more holes in it than The Warren Report. What happened to Gaylord's property? If the will cost half a billion, why did the family return from the opulent palace to The Munsters house? Who is this devilish Barclay clown? And why is he able to take someone home away from them? Questions just accumulate at the top of other questions. Usually, the pleasant and charming George Brent plays Barclay, who is inexplicably a whole-hearted ubiquitous everybody, taking whatever hell he wants, no matter who belongs to impunity; but no one except Fiona (Barbary Stanwick) seems to be particularly fond of this shit. Why? None of these questions is ever answered. Instead, we follow Fionin's life from one train wreck to another, the evil Barclay takes his home, his fortune, and even his child. What does? Shoot him? Did he light it? No, too logical. In a very unlikely event, this woman, who was only romantically engaged with Barclay, except for the technical nature of the marriage, raped, suddenly decides in the middle of a sentence (literally) that he hates him, loves him. And they will live happily ever after. Suddenly, for no reason whatsoever in the world, this early feminine model of independence and authority turns into the usual helpless ring of ankle, which is more often seen in movies of that time. Yeah, sure to steal everything in the world that belongs to me, and I'm going to love you. On what planet is that happening? I can only guess why I've never heard of this movie before I've seen it happen to Turner that it was just as lost in today's audience as it is today.
