I wish other films were two hours later. On the other hand, I wish that more American civil war films were given only two hours. "Away with the wind", "Gettysburg" - that's about the length I expected; though at least they had been entertained for many hours, rather than insisted; and even "Gettysburg" took as long as it did, because things happened during that. Unlike the movie Ang Lee is bloated and unventful. In fact, it feels that it takes much less than two hours. It was not a compliment. This does not really differ from another form of sense deprivation: at that time it feels like it never ends, then it seems that time has not come at all. The film gets into poor condition as Lee plays his endless credits In open shots (bad error) in which we introduced some characters that we do not immediately like and later come to the resistance. The central two are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are solid supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, as well as a determined young man whose values ​​Jake shares. (I had to read this judgment again to make sure I wrote "Jack" instead of "Jake" at a certain point or vice versa.) Two go to become "bushwhackers" - southern militias who so desperate for vengeance and violence that they can not even bother to enter the official southern army that I think they think they are for sissie. I'm afraid he lost me there. It is easy to feel the characters that make moral mistakes: if we have an independent reason why they like it or feel it is known in some way, then their moral deficiencies can make us more. Not here. We are not properly represented by Jake for at least an hour; when it happens, it is obvious that it is a hopeless belly of a person who is not a confederate choice as much as a custom - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him is saying and doing, whose psychology is purely imitating. The people they associate with are either the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way. When I saw the Northern Cavalry on the screen, I found myself cheer up. I thought: Good - I'll kill the rebellious, end the damn war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Worrying this problem is a terrible and terrible dialogue. Everyone speaks with the same shrill southern accent. I have heard accents from the entire English-speaking world, and that's the worst of all. I do not care if the South really talked like this, it just is not fair to ask the audience to listen to them for two hours. And believe me, we're listening for two hours: Lee's picture is clumsy, mainly because the characters take so long to say what they mean in their illiterate, say-all-three times, popular draw. It would help if they spoke faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more effective language in which they can communicate? In short: the film is small, but the gallery of evenly unattractive characters without inner life, who speak in an insulting language, who do not buy enough often, nothing that is interesting, despite being involved in the war. Good points? Jewel was a nice sight, just like a landscape. But I have complaints here as well. Cinematography, nicely framed, looked as if someone had made a color film for black and white by mistake; And as far as Jewel is concerned, we were tormented by our body, but we have never been able to do it, which I think is the least owed.
