** SPOILERS ** It was an ugly movie, and I'm sorry I watched it. Like Doberman Jan Kounen, he suffers mostly by poor treatment - or scarcity. As if the director was so in love with his work that instead of filming the film at the tempo that held your attention, he added all the shots he made together. There are two great scenes in the movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is corrupted and the camera turns around him. That was cool - but well, we got it! Go ahead! The camera does not stop around this guy! There is maybe one or two other great scenes that I have forgotten in this mediocre flood, but the last scene of the fight is NOT ONE! This may be because, unlike earlier swan manipulation scenes, Shanao is not masked - but only because the director could not find a stuntman who a little like Asano Tadanobu does not give him the right to go on and add 80% of the fighting with extreme melee sword clashes! And all at the same angle, I can add. The director should learn from the American producer of The Hunted! Personally, I saw the scene of the village as a tribute to the previous generation social activists who were confronted by the police in violent demonstrations of their college years. A situation in which innocence oppresses an authoritative and armed branch of government that does not want to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media due to the strong influence of the socialists and communists who are a political minority. The movie versions of GTO and Salary Man Kintaro are two more recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film will find praiseworthy material in this. Perhaps the worst was lost in translation. The end of the film-which marketed a lot-is another interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shana and Benkei. But this legend is not the most popular in Japanese folklore and is so separable from the current themes that after 138 minutes of visual techniques, who cares about how the director wants to re-interpret the story! Director Sasaki Hirohisa of Crazy Lips said that among the new Japanese directors, it was an unpleasant trend to ignore the Japanese audience and focus on their films for foreign film festivals - in order to gain faster international fame. This does work even though it does not make sense because the aim of the international film festival is to introduce to the world what films are being made in other countries - what movies people are KNOWING in these countries. Certainly not Gojoe and the like.
