Well, where do you start? I think I can start with a general complaint about the way this film is marketed. Call me ignorant because he did not know about Schneebaum's book before looking at a document that was based on him and I decided I was living under a rock, but I do not blame myself for choosing this movie up the title and the description on the box does not record the fact that this "document" is actually a companion to this book. Yeah, I felt stupid when I was looking at this little moment when I saw the reason why I sat down to look at it was to get a good portion of "modern cannibal stories". I think I'm crazy when I expect this film to actually cover most of its story about the behavior of cannibalism in the jungle tribes? I certainly did not expect the hour and forty-five minutes of an old geezer to kiss his own ass by whining about every detail of his boring and worn-out life. I certainly did not expect her not to drive, and I had the most anticipation of having made it so hard with Tobias Schneebaum and ubiquitous glory. Schneebaum is really unthinkable. The old man just blows up and makes the whole film, so his whole picture is his personal story, though he is not that interesting character to fill the story. Really? Was it a cannibal? Nine percent of the film focuses on nothing in Schneebaum's filthy past. The only time we actually encounter some cannibalism is when Tobias finally sets off his little silent treatment of what happened to him in Peru and said he had a "small piece." That's it, folks. Ninety minutes of bulls and Tobias Schneebaum are three inches of cannibal. It's like calling the film "The Life of a Real Don Juan" just to see that the only time a movie protagonist did something sexual during school when he once played "just a toe." Unbelievable. Direction is really terrible, because there is no story that says no rhythm or flow. Well, I understand that I did not read Schneebaum's voice before I watched his celluloid story, but I can still detect some bad stimulation and even worse editing. One minute of Schneebaum talks about cruise ships and tourism, and more about what is going on, how he can not drive, and then jumps to talk about a dead relative or some unsuccessful and miserable saga in his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least get your story back to the first part; watch some things that cover his homosexuality, and then end her with a profound look at his visit to Peru? Also, I'm not particularly concerned that Schneebaum has a disorganized little chewing of life and life, but at least I owe the old man to keep up with his restlessness. When I hear a man who talks about how he prefers jungle life, I do not expect him to suddenly get stupid and run down that he wants to go home twenty minutes later. Absurd. <br /> <br /> Another commentary on directing is the random clips from the story we have available to the small TV shows in which our hero has appeared. While some may find stories as a fantastic little break from the story, the director overused the trick and smashed his entire film into pieces by seemingly trying to place most of the effort to tell the story on old reels. <br /> <br /> Most importantly, Tobias Schneebaum is a scam. Clean and simple. I know I did not read the book, but I still hold the argument that this film is totally useless by noting that a good film must stand alone. This document relies too much on the view that the viewer is already an enthusiastic fan of Schneebaum's work, and instead passes from this premise as a supplementary disc on the DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and fake when he encounters an acidic combination when mixed with the fact that his story is remarkably non-rippling. If you are looking for a solid piece about the nature of people and cannibalism, turn away because "Keep the River to Your Right" is an embarrassing, cheerful, self-serving rant over the man who is long awaited for straight jackets and gag.
