Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy had an extensive (independent) film career before being eventually joined. For many of Ollie's Pre-Trance films he was billed on the screen as Babe Hardy ... and during his adult life, Hardy was known to his friends as "Babe." During a tour of post-war Britain with Laurel in a music hall for Bernard Delfont, Hardy gave interviews with journalist John McCabe explaining the origin of this nickname: In an early career, Hardy got married from a homosexual hairdresser who pressed Hardy with his full cheeks he said, "Nice child!" Hardy's collaborators started crying "Babe" and the nickname stayed. While much of Hardy's pre-Laurel works are very interesting - especially his comedic role in supporting Larry Semon and Chaplin's imitator Billy West - his teamwork with Billy Ruge (which?) In the series of low-floor shorts for Vim Comedy Film is really terrible. Hardy and Ruge got the Plump and Runt screens: names that are unpleasant, but are getting worse, because Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) is not particularly runt. Seen here, Hardy looks a lot like he does in his early Hal Roach movies with Laurel ... but without curly curls and attractive mustaches. "Too Many", a very typical Plunt and Runt epic, is terribly unfortunate ... and his sensuality is all the more evident in the fact that this film has exactly the same premise as "This is my husband," one of Laurel and Hardy's most visited films. Plump (Hardy) is a stellar guard in a room that runs a high prey home. Runt (Ruge) is a porter. Plump receives a letter from his uncle John, whose interest he expects to inherit. His uncle comes to see him and meet Plumba's wife and child. There is only one problem: Plump does not have a wife and a child. He lies to his uncle to be a family man. Now, of course, Plump expects Runt to find him briefly. The results are, of course, disastrous. It would be nice if these disastrous results were fun, but they are not. Most of the unfortunate humor here is just an empty thick wand, with characters satisfying their arguments by squeezing each other into the bathtub. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS RECEIVE. Vim director Will Louis (who?) Does not show any instinct for framing cameras: the actress who plays in the home is considerably taller than Hardy and Louis consistently adjusts her shots so her head is out of frame. It could be fun if it was done expediently, but it's just stupid. At one point in this bad comedy, an extremely delicious gag appears on the horizon when Runt approaches the black laundry. "They should not laugh," I thought. But they do it. Runt steals a black child and tries to make it like Plumpovo offspring. Plump gets a baby cot but does not have a baby yet. With Uncle John walking through the stairs, full-faces tried for childhood. This gag might work with a mug, or even with a really runt-size actor like Chester Conklin, but Billy Ruge is just slightly below average. Ruge's impersonation is neither credible nor entertaining, and Uncle John would have to be a complete fool for him. It is amazing! The most remarkable aspect of "Too Many" is the short look - apparently her only film appearance - Madelyn Saloshin, first wife of Oliver Hardy. Marriage was not happy, though Hardy's marital problems never reached Stan Laurel's epic proportions. <br /> <br /> Only one thing in this movie amazed me. There is a very short sequence of back-look, with Hardy reminiscent of his seaside romance with bathing beauty. In 1916, there was still no standard grammar for reversing the grain: the one shown here is done in a simple and simple manner. It is a shame that this film has no other merit. "Too Many" is definitely too much of a movie in Oliver Hardy's biography, and this movie I rate only one point out of 10. Laurel and Hardy are definitely much more fun than one of them.
