it was a simpler time (seventy years), a simpler place (San Francisco) where one could make a simple film about drug crazy psychotic re-crucifixion of Christ as an acidic woman with infinite snake sequences of flashbacks while having multi-racial intergenic orgy without regardless of financial responsibility or moral repercussion. This film, boring, slow, boring, is the worst example of this type of pretentious heavy handed arts school load that has gone through as an art in the mid 70's. and I love it! once this wreck wrecks the endless slow moving zooms and the heavy discarded echo guitar acidic guitar licks you start, you can not take your eyes off to the absurd and absurd end. his kind of cross between the superstar Jesus Christ, the valley of dolls and a really stupid sour trip with his parents on the waterbed. his current wreck of the train, totally fascinating, as well as a brilliant picture of the worst (or best) elements of the b-grade seventy fictional film genres. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I will tell you the plot because you will hardly be able to tell what is happening because of the constant cross-referenced list of events that may or may not become characters that may or may not be on their own and face painted by hippy rage Logan is a really annoying filmmaker who screams at people and is surrounded by a mostly silent movie crew who always drops acid and what looks like a really bad orgy. Richard Dreyfus has a helper role in what he looks like an accountant. the film crew seems to hate for some reason, and it may be a maniacal laugh, perhaps worrying about it. The "Suzanne" titular character is a blonde blonde who is all the way to the universe and comforts a completely crazy "artistic" character. "Artist" is totally crazy by the way. either from his disturbing throbbing or from the incredible horror of his paintings. all of course terrible acts of Susanne. there are some other characters that appear randomly, the cigar chomping "man" character. who's also hot for Suzanne I mean. has a monologue. I could not really find out what she was doing with what she was doing, except that everyone had to hate "that man" at that time and you could not make a movie without one. there is also a mute girl. the mute girl will eventually pay off, trust me, it's incredibly stupid.
