Mindless dribble about the second coming of Christ in the form of a hippie and an album looking Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's going on on the screen with the irritating theme song "Suzanne" while "Suzanne's Second Coming" is over you, you know it hard no matter how hard you try to forget it all . <br /> <br /> This film maker of Logan, Jared Martin, is from the movie of the century, but it is so cruel and unpleasant that no one in the banking world is willing to finance his project. Planning to continue with his own Logan then portrays this couple in a seaside café and is fascinated by a young woman named Suzanne Sandra Locke who reminds him of someone he knows in another life: Jesus Christ. Logan's assistant and ubiquitous guy Clavius ​​Richard Dreyfuss, who somehow got a loan from the bank for $ 740,000 to fund Logan's masterpiece, starts working on Suzanne by lusting her talent as an actress to her interest in being your film. This leads Suzanne not only to leave his friend Simon Simon, but later Simon is so depressed and feels himself taking the gun in his mouth and blowing his brains out. The film also features two rather unrelated substrates related to the young autistic girl Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who is cured from Suzanne's autism after all, in the psychiatric hospital she has managed. I do not know what Suzanne is doing at the hospital, but she seemed to be either proper or volunteer; should this show us in the audience that she, like Jesus, can miraculously treat the sick? There is also this newspaper journalist and large-scale business magnate Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, who either appears to have been through a very difficult mid-life crisis or has seen a biblical vision that has changed his life forever. Sinclair was looking for a sense of life, just like what was all about the movie, and wanted to know why all this suffering was in the world like the movie he was in, and he seemed to find the answer when he first put his eyes on Suzanne. Sinclair also had some sense in his mind when his private driver, David Mark Rasmusser, who became ill and tired of his strange and crazy hallucinations, nearly ran out of a reef in a kamikaze like a ride along the Pacific coast. <br /> <The "Second Suzanne Coming" continues with a series of unrelated sequences that are likely to fill or fall in some times by its director and film editor, and then goes to the final scene in Christ's similar cruising. Logan has all the cameras on the move. It turns out that crazy Logan was so kidnapped by his masterpiece when he tried to replicate to helpless and tied Suzanne the true crucifixion of Jesus Christ about 2,000 years ago. through and almost impossible to watch "The Second Coming of Suzanne" will guide you through the same kind of torture that Suzanne experiences with Logan and the filmmakers. The film is trying to be artistic, but it's just an excuse to hide its unthinkable and non-existent story, and even worse, the worse and amateur work of everyone in it.
