To be clear of going, "Bagman" is very, very, very bad. He suffers terribly in almost every aspect, except one: the end product is such a terrible movie that it is hysterically fun to watch. This is a very low movie. The budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who even follows the initial sequence of titles. I'm not sure if there's much humor in the movie or not. The movie, for example, takes place in "Doomsville." Note to potential home buyers: If the city to which you are moving is called "Doomsville", move on. Stephanie Beaton is quickly trying to pull out of the tip for a nice sex scene in the kitchen. I could not laugh because it has a deliberate humor (turns on the gas stove ... get it? Gender is it hot? Get it?) And unintentional humor. Unintentional in this case is music. It's like thematic music for "Chariots of Fire" goes Electronica. Break your computer and synthesizers! I realize that coming with music for a small production like this is costly. I really feel like them, because the work here is so intended. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I laughed with displeasure on the screen from "Alone in the Dark" with the son of "Seven Seconds" (I think they suggest that the poor old Mr. Slater was a bit ... fast on the draw?). Even the final credits are merry. Intentional or not? You will be a judge: an animal dog and a cat are part of the credited cast - and for them there was an animal quarreler set up! - Boom is credited with "Mr. B. Stick" and the third unit dressing room (yes, had a third unit) is credited to K-mart. Maybe it's just me, but I think this delight is more than a movie. The film is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so well thought out in "The Bagman" that you can not help but just the film they produce. "Bagman" is bad, but not terrible. His own sweet way even manages to be a little cute. He has his mistakes so sincere that you can not help but forgive them. "Better" movies trying to hide mistakes are somewhat worse. I think it's just a movie that knew who his audience was and was made according to it. <br /> <br /> Watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be much better than this. Some of them may look cheaper or have worse gaming or stronger production value. He does not have to suffer terribly because "The Bagman" makes it terrible editing, sound and film effects. Mr. B. Stick did not do a very good job. Special effects look where most of the money was. They tend to be more entertaining than creepy, though when the "Bagman" eventually revealed at the end, the makeup work there is surprisingly well done. My 4 out of 10 is a bit tall but humor has helped a lot. This is an ideal movie that you can watch one night with a few friends and a few beers in hand. Great fun is to have anyone who seriously considers themselves B-movie or low-budget movie fans. Everyone else should probably avoid big prejudices.
