"Bubble" is an attempt to create a homosexual type of novel and Julie with Israeli and Palestinian, although it seems like it's "friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". Characters are shallow and grim as well as dialog and fence lines. The film seems to be torn between fluff and depth. On the one hand, there is a bad idea that there are few (as in many examples) some small characters even ask questions that call for insights into conflicts and get answers like, "Hey, we're making a poster for horror against the occupation. Do not be political! "Besides the obvious absurdity of such a line, it is just one of many signifi- cant signals that the film is as hollow and irrelevant as its name implies. On the other hand, the main philosophy to the depths follows lovers at the presentation of "Bent" gay games in the Nazi labor camp. Scene on the scene is rushing rudely and undermining her erotic power (understandable due to the limitation of movie time, but it could be adjusted for a much better effect.) And it comes out just as gently as the rest of the movie. Very bad. This game deserves much better. <br /> <br /> The characters are a one-dimensional cartoon, some even have names that telegrap their entire (though it seems to be inappropriate) fabric. An aggressive soldier from the Golani Brigade is called Golan. The militant Palestinians are called "jihad". Stylish roommate roommate is "Lulu". Anyone familiar with checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether from real life or documentary films, finds scenes as control points absurdly unreal as? Well, the rest of this fancy fantasy. When a Palestinian woman enters the fastest job that is recorded, Israeli soldiers are demanding and useful, it will appear in minutes of the ambulance. (The birth result serves to show the Palestinians as a non-reflexive Israeli charity and even paranoia.) The entire checkpoint is depicted as mere harassment, not a series of difficult, enduring, mentally overwhelming, degrading obstacles, regardless of health care or necessity in childbirth, death or severe illness. Palestinian lover Ashraf seems to be going from Nablus to Tel Aviv without any problems, without papers, without any problems. It just appears whenever he likes it. When the Israelis want to get, it is much more a challenge involving a scheme worthy of Lucy Ricardo. Against the backdrop of nice, supportive Israelis and unrestrained homophobic Palestinians, are we going to a solution that is totally lacking in motivation or purpose? but as a painfully obvious dramatic device that loves sympathy for forbidden lovers. Gay Israeli-Palestinian romance was made on stage with far greater skills and depths than in Salem's "Salaam / Shalom," so this film is barely as pioneering as some people like to think. Famous bad movies? as well as the works of Ed Wood - at least have some striking idiosyncrasis that distinguishes them. He does not even have that. Most soundtracks sound like Simon and Garfunkel in quizzes, and even with strange Oedipal touches on sexual sex scenes, the general inability that penetrates through this film plays as average television movie a week.
