I saw Crispin Glover, "What is it?" at the Ann Arbor Film Festival. The film was certainly at least appropriately named because I got a special sense that even the author / director could not answer. At a meeting on questions and responses after the screening, Mr. Glover said that the film was originally intended as a short film, showing that the virtue of using Down's syndrome actors is virtue. This alone is not enough to create a movie. Actors are, in my opinion, building blocks for bigger visions - a bigger vision that seemed the best way to be unclear and worst. Crispin Glover also said he wanted to reach out to the taboo. Well, he does it. But why? The film seems to have no attitude, no reason to do anything. Does he feel these things should not be taboo? The film does not show me. Taboo in the interest of taboo is not interesting. He can not even afford to taboo disturbing or incitement at any level, because he did not care for the audience in any way. <br /> <br /> Ignoring problems with the concept for a moment, the thing that shocked me was how badly the movie was compiled. Cutting, cinematography, and other technical aspects seemed extra amateur. Glover said the film was 125-150 thousand dollars and I feel that money should be spent on various designers (Glover actually did some design himself - I know I have seen at least a sound design in credits). Painted kits are fine (not great) but are misused. Parts feel like the scene - which would be fine if it was for some purpose, but in Glover's hands it just feels unobtrusive. The other parts are filmed as some kind of domestic film, poor quality and lots of things I see for the first time in iMovie. Perhaps the biggest problem with what's that? that I can not even understand how serious the film is to be shot. There are some parts that feel that Glover yells at you to think seriously. At other points it seems to be a little joke. Perhaps he intended to be ironic or somewhat meaningful, but I just felt that Glover could not even get into the film of any serious attention. Glover said he originally wanted it to be a short film. If only it was. In seventy-two minutes, the film exhausts images and ideas in the first twenty, and it is debatable if ideas were formulated enough to claim that they were even there for that period.
