* Can it contain some kind of spoiler? * Just mentioning Crispin Glover is enough to send some panties in a bunch. His landmark in Back to the Future, as George McFly has imprisoned him in the conscience of the American conscience forever. Recently he was trying to get back into the cult of the subconscious with Bartleby and Willard. This time, however, Crispin shot a 76-minute, cheap dada movie. Sometimes it reminded me of genius, while I almost offended it, but not because of its content. Content? What is it? is a movie where all actors have Down's syndrome in one half of the film, giving them a freakshow feeling. The other half of the film includes Crispin Glover, Adam Parfrey, and a polio fellow. It all felt what John Waters was trying to do with Desperate Living, and at the same time feeling more successful and unsuccessful. Half with Down's syndrome syndrome also contains many many killed snails. This is a guy who has a snail and eventually kills one. He is also tormented by a bunch of other people, and a grasshopper. She falls in love with two girls, one of whom has sex at the cemetery. He also looks with a friend who rages him. In strange semi-interior, Crispin Glover is the director of this show. It's like controlling the guy's mind, and the boy's brain is something like sexuality. Well, at least in the clear scenarios he becomes masturbation. There are other "shocking" pictures that have become funny as the Nazi Swaztikas crossed the Shirley Temple and the minstrels in the black face say they are Michael Jackson. In the outside world, the torturer still deals with his love of killing snails and beatings with other people. They beat him and the rocks. Later, they defeated the minstrel after he gave the court. <br /> <br /> Back to the interior, Crispin Glover is still a ruler of his ensemble, and he tries to dominate all but fails. <br /> <br /> What is it? has less sense than Dr. Caligari, and has a stolen style. The klustrophic mental space feels very similar to how claustrophobic night sets feel. Caligari. They also had a dialogue that was absolute nonsense. And it was all packed with absurd notions of humor. The problem is about 20 minutes into the movie ... maybe a little more ... What is it? lack of pictures. In the next 56 minutes, we will continue the same image files, just presenting new images in the form of an absurd puppet show. The film seems to be somewhat more than a movie that attempts to move the envelope in offensive and taboo shots. They try to cheer and confuse the audience. The problem, however, is that there are only enough slides in the 40-minute film. Even worse, cinematography, scenography and everything else felt very cheap and almost unplanned. It sounded like, "Well, that's the way we can do it and get out of the way." It was not interesting and it was pretty ... boring. Dr. Caligari had, on the other hand, amazing cinematography and framing. The difference between the two is quite overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Rating: C
