there was no effort to prevent it from being just another teen movie slasher, the sub-genre of horror films we've seen too much in the last ten years or so. I've heard a lot of people complaining that the film reflects a few previous horror films, including everything from Halloween to Prom Night to Carrie, and as I hate to be superfluous, the tear is so obvious that it's impossible to say anything. The punch over Jeremy's poor head early in the movie is so obviously taken over by Carrie that maybe it's the same thing in the movie ("Hey everyone, this is the director and this is my Carrie-rip-off scene. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> (spoilers) The film is structured in a piece exactly the way it is structured by every other fucking teenager. <br /> <br /> We learn at the beginning of a girl, kills her, se-to-to-other-people, and then be killed, the director and writers want to make the film mysterious and thrilling, but they have no idea how to do it, like Jason. a hopelessly arrogant person who is so full of self-worth and fools in women that he divides control into a date according to what each person has, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after a brief historical lesson about how poor poor Jeremy was treated, m for it to have any meaning. In addition, and more importantly, has the same initials as a little boy, that terrorized all the girls in the sixth grade and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all the bad Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for viewers to be deliberately and sometimes successfully introduced by the behavior of one or more characters who seem to be the main suspect, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort but not a good example of a successful effort. Sure, for a moment I thought he might be a very murderer, but that's no reason. From the beginning, we know it's terrible for women who associate it with a young boy at the start of the movie, but then in the middle of the film they appear at a party, flirtatiously smiles at two of the main girls, then gives them a hateful look and leaves, and from the movie without explanation. We know he's a cartoon character, but his role in the movie was so badly thought that they'd completely kicked him off when they were with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the killer's truth of identity was in fact difficult to predict at least one gentle way, which, unfortunately, was another rip-off. Early in the film, when Shelley kills a killer with his own scalpel, he does not sound, suggesting that the killer might be a woman who is silent to prevent herself from being exposed as a woman, rather than a man everyone suspects. But for the rest of the movie we have only this clumsy, unstoppable murder with a infallible mask and a gigantic cutting knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with due respect, seems to have problems with girls in the sixth year), says he is influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, unnecessary, because it is so obvious how bad the film is plagiarizing. The only difference between the killer in Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was much more effective and had no problem with nose bleeds. This thing is shameless. <br /> <br /> Finally, we will try to introduce the murderer (complete with slow and extruded masquerade), but then we can see that Adam's nose begins to bleed when he keeps Kate, his often unwilling girlfriend, and we know that he's a killer for life. Nothing in the film suggested that he could be a killer until the final act, and these inexplicable bleeding from blood were not exactly the most extreme way to identify the true killer at the end of the film. Valentine is not scary (I saw it after the holidays in the empty house alone after midnight and I'm afraid of the darkness as long as I remember it and I was not even afraid) and the characters could be able to care if it was not so obvious that they will just die. I remember being amazed by the theater previews (though the movie was and was faster than Battlefield Earth), but the end result is the same old thing.
