Mild SPOILS contained in this document. I'm destroying this movie to save you the trouble of looking at it. <br /> <br /> Jet Li films fall into one of two categories: Shaolin movies and Shaolin movies, located in modern Hong Kong, which spin around Triads or Triads. Every genre has its best and worst movies. "Twin Warriors" is Jet Li's best Shaolin era movie, while 'Evil Cult' is his worst. 'Fist Legends', while in the recent past is the best 'modern era' of Jet Li film. The "black mask" is undoubtedly the worst. Jet Li plays a self-appointed mercenary who has been given an injection that gives him superhuman ability but shortens his life. In his "new life" in exile, he plays a pacifist librarian. When his old mercenary gets angry, Jet Li becomes an alert decision to stop them. He makes a very silly corrugated cardboard mask to cover his identity from the police (and the public) as a librarian, as well as hiding his true identity with his former friends in the gun. <br /> <br /> The version I saw was nicknamed and horrible. Why is Jet Li capturing and holding hostage to his library coworker if he is a pacifist? Is there a love story among them? Why does the police commander not care when he learns about the true identity of the black mask? The story is just a BAD. Bad in the form of a thick-skinned superhero, bad in the sense that the characters are never properly developed, bad in their characteristic interactions, all culminated in a half-explained story that I quickly lost interest. and sequences of martial arts are over the top. The film features plenty of blood, gore (cuts from body parts), explosions and pluses of super-human martial arts in the Matrix style. Unfortunately this is the best and best selling movie. To see how Jet Li plays the superhero in Mission Impossible "Black Mask". For other of us Jet Li fans, it's a real disappointment. This is one of those films where Jet Li is never Jet Li: he does not have a chance to enchant our charisma, nor a chance to impress us with his impressive but realistic fighting artistic ability. <br /> <br /> Under normal circumstances, it would be enough to have a Chinese knockout from Ozzy Osbourne, unfortunately "Black Mask" turned out to be an exception to this rule. Indeed, the antagonist of this film, as he dresses, his long straight hair and circular sunglasses look like modern and old Ozzy Osbourne. However, the villain is not long enough on the screen to make the trick useful. I suppose the similarity with Oziem was deliberate; besides the appearance of the villain, there was also a satanic-looking sanctuary. Ozzy osbourne a colorful trick could be even more! If only a writer, director or someone bothered to put the background and develop the nature of the monstrous villain of the movie! "Black Mask" was the first Jet Li movie on the US video after Lethal Weapon 4 and I'm glad I've been away since then. It could have destroyed my whole perception of Jet Li as a warrior and actor. To see Jet Li in his worst, rent "Black Mask" and "Evil Cult" and make it a double feature or horror, both intentional and unintentional. Otherwise, keep up with the movements that use the Jet Li talents and have land that is partly thought out and credible. 3/9 stars.
