Ouch, what a painful BORING science fiction movie! And this is particularly sad because the opening of 15 minutes was so fun and full of potential! During the introduction, we followed a number of nerve security officers and hired offenders who persecuted a doctor who had escaped from a mysterious laboratory with a briefcase full of secrets. When he's about to reveal the allegedly terrible and inhumane events that take place in the lab, he's executed. Numbers? From now on, the "action" moves here and there between the two places, the lab, and the rustic seat of the corrupt senator (or something like that), and it quickly becomes clear that the experiments are indeed completely annoying. More like boring, unnecessary and unclear. Scientists chose four random people without living relatives, and it is really really really important to tell the truth even though the giant machine reads the contents of their minds. They all hide the dark secret of their past, and people suffer when they appear; but I can not see how these tests can sometimes lead to equipment that threatens humanity. Maybe I miss something, but I doubt it. Interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting, because none of them have any personality. So basically Brain Machine only deals with a lot of poor people living in a terribly decorated room. The film could also be shorter by half an hour if it were not for thousands of stagnant footage of buildings! Moving from the laboratory to the villa and vice versa is marked EVERY TIME by a five-second shot. Either the manufacturers really needed padding, or just assumed that all Sci-Fi viewers are crazy, who can not see change of location themselves. When I look at the deserted pool with the mansion in tenth place in just five minutes, it's quite unpleasant, I assure you. The performance of James Bestea as a reverend with mental problems is rather decent, but one person certainly can not save this thing from the absolute waste of time. Avoid!
