"Girl in Death" is definitely not one of Fred Astaire's better musicals. Astaire is also Jerry Halliday, an American music star who is in London for a personal look. He meets Lady Alice Marshmorton (19-year-old Joan Fontaine), a beautiful English heiress hiding in the back of the cabin he has taken to escape the crowd of admirers. Jerry believes Alice is married to her rich aunt. She tries to save herself from her family's rustic estate, but soon finds out that the housekeepers will place bets that Lady Alice will like. Keggs (Reginald Gardiner), majestic butler, and Albert (Harry Watson), a brother, each help and sabotage Lady Alice's romance with Jerry to make sure he wins the bet. <br /> <br /> Music has a number of problems. First there is a conspiracy based on the novel P.G. Wodehouse (who wrote the script). The story is slow, painful and nervous. When Fred does not dance, we must endure endless annoying scenes from (a) Fred's romantic Joan Fontaine, or (b) Keggs and Albert, who act and act together for each other. <br /> <br /> Especially irritating. These are one-dimensional warehouse villains, such as boys who just want to attack your mouth. You want them to get out of the screen and let Fred dance. Astaire suffers in the absence of her usual partner, Ginger Rogers. Joan Fontaine is a faint front lady in this film and is a passion flower in a musical. She has little for her, character-wise, except her beautiful face and a beautiful smile. George Burns and Gracie Allen are on their way, like Jerry the publicist and his ditzy secretary. Duo adds some chemistry to the plot, and Gracie has some funny lines, but it's also occasionally very annoying. The direction of George Stevens is not well done. Occasionally, cinema is terrible and extraordinary. There are a lot of outdoor scenes on extremely hazy streets to make people believe we are in London, not in Hollywood. (In this film, they had to use tons of dry ice.) On the plus side, George and Ira Gershwin are amazing and have become the classic standards of songs. And of course, the dance in the movie is exceptional thanks to Astaire and his choreographer Hermes the Lord. But musical and dance numbers are misused and misrepresented. Occasionally, casting seems to have started singing and dancing, as it is time for them to sing and dance. It seems that the music numbers accidentally interfere with the meandering conspiracy. (At one point, the valet hiding outside the mansion and for no clear reason breaks into the operetta solo.) The figures include:  "I'm dancing and I can not hurt anymore" - Fred dancing well with the misty traffic filled with London's street. He does some great "swinging cane" with a rolled umbrella - but the number ends too soon when Fred jumps on a passing two-storey bus. (On Broadway's musical "Crazy For You", Harry Groener made a much better version of this number with a group of choir girls) "Put me to the Test" George and Gracie are doing dancing in an English cottage. George and Gracie fight Fred step by step, but the number ends badly for everyone to kick each other for no reason. • "Stiff Upper Lip" (The Fun House Number) - At Fun Amusement Park House, Fred, George and Gracie enjoy dancing on a rotating floor, rotating barrel and fun mirror of the house. It's the best movie number, but sometimes it's a bit of a repeat. "" Things Look Up "- Fred and Joan Fontaine make their single dance number together in the backwoods of the rustic estate, fortunately it's a very simple dance number because Joan is not a great dancer." "Foggy Day in London City" - Fred walks past a misty night at night, yelling at the hazy day when he first met Joan in London. Sometimes he looks as though he's not sure what way he goes to the fog - just like the musical number itself. <br /> <br /> "Nice work if you can do it" - a great song that is misused in the video. During a social event in the castle house, Fred draws to a choir of singers singing this song at random. Every time Fred enters, the other singers look at him as if he wants to leave. (Again, Harry Groener made a better dance number with this song in "Crazy For You.")  "Drum Dance Number" - as Fred and Joan are eloping, Fred must stop and make one final dance tone number as the group of drums bangs. As usual, it's a great dance number. But it is not necessary at all, except for the extension of the film. The most invented moment in the movie comes when Fred decides to jump from a tall stone balcony to a farm to prove his love for Joan Fontaine. When he jumps from the balcony, he finds a comfortably placed trap - that's true, * trapeze * - hanging from a nearby tree. Fred (or rather a stuntman in Fred's dress) captures the trap and swings from it. <br /> <br /> The film is worth the DVD on just the dance numbers, but you feel the debt-guy who invented the Fast Forward button on the remote control. The >> FF button lets you jump to other, boring scenes in the movie and get to the dance numbers.
