I have had great demands on the fact that this India has gone through many reviews. Then .... <br /> <br /> Here is my extra 'two cents' to the already built, excellent "lost translation". Prerequisite: Morgan is "stuck" in a dusty town where he meets beautiful Scarlet who works at a local supermarket. Can Morgan help lift the beautiful scarlet from the life of her trailer? Realistic dialogue? NO. And what about shopping in Target. First, Freeman looks at the Target interior as if he were going to Harrods. Then he leaned on the T-shirt stand, which confirmed that he had never been to Scarlet in any of the shops. Morgan is detachable from all aspects of Scarlet's reality and is portrayed as joyful in its ignorance of everything and everything in Scarlet life. One reviewer enjoyed Scarlet and the ex-mushroom battle scene, where her survival, the car in this case required her to physically attack her ex-hubbie. Freeman runs to defend her ... naw ... she kisses incredulously and totally incapable of dealing with such blunt aspects of her very real, ugly lot in life. <br /> <br /> Freeman's figure is convinced that car washing and a new, very revealing, tightly shaped blouse is the key to an interview for Scarlet. Another sign that Freeman is CLUELESS. Freeman's endless "phase of speech," where all aspects of Scarlet's reality shrink to one or the other scene associated with Freeman's experience, was irritating. <br /> <br /> Freeman is right when she emphasizes that Scarlet is young with her future ahead of her and then comfortably ignores the brick walls she faces vis-à-vis: uneducated, without white collars, experience, support and lifetime low self-esteem. Scarlet teaches such lessons from Freeman: some people pay $ 100 for a shirt, and a revealing blouse can open the door instead of lack of education and work skills. Eventually, Freeman offers Scarlet something more than a strange divergence with the "star" without paying for the gas that Scarlet's dead night returns to her unchanged life in a town whose name Freeman does not matter.
