I rented a dubbed-English version of Lensman, hoping that because it comes from well-known novels, it will have some substance. While there were signs of substance in the film, they mostly did not rise above the level of the child cartoon. Perhaps the movie was a poorly edited book or lost a lot in a dubbed version. Or perhaps the source novels were light. But for whatever reason there was not much. I have noticed a lot of details that were derived, negligent, ill-dramatized or otherwise inadequate. Some examples: The initial scenes looked borrowed from the 2001 Stargate scene and Starfish Hyperspace. The harvester robot looked like an antropomorphic "R2-D2". He starts to try to borrow his Star Wars comic style, but mercifully (because humor does not work) he gives up on comedy and plays it seriously. In this sense, it is better than the French Star Wars, which began with a clever sense of humor and eventually worsened by the annoying fool of Jar Jar. The agricultural details were obviously drawn by someone who had never seen a farm. The harvester traveled through unpolluted field environments, unloading silage on unencumbered crops, instead of working from one side to the other, and unloading silage on already harvested rows or trucks. Corn poured grains, but the agricultural land was drawn like a wheat field. When it was time Kim's father had to face his fate, there was no dramatic weight on the scene. This could be partly a mistake of a voice actor in English, but drawings did not take much weight. Kim's reactions in this scene were similarly unconvincing. Similarly, when the Henderson character was killed, Chris showed a very small reaction, although it seemed close. (Henderson's death is not a spoiler, his name is not revealed until his death). He seems to be immediately forgotten. Someone has more sympathy than she. I think the voice actor deserves most of the guilt in this case; there is at least a hint of feelings in Chris's drawings. <br /> <br /> On several occasions, villains can not fulfill their orders. Spiritual leaders often punish these failures with poor death. I can not say if it's picked up from star wars, or if it comes from an earlier source - perhaps from the Lensman books. There is a scene where the karst ship is falling. As it sinks to the ground, the portions diverge from the ship. But so many pieces are to fall that it should not be left out of it when it lands. While in most cases Chris seems like a competent, tough space hero, there is a scene where she screams as an incompetent girl in need. Someone strong enough to get through Henderson's death so fast should at least be able to scream, "Help me, it's me and I can not reach my gun!" instead, he just screams. <br /> <br /> The character with the most personality (almost too many times) is D.J. Charge. It sounded like Wolfman Jack, D.J. in American graffiti. I wonder if it is so good - he expressed in the original language. <br /> <br /> Two planets exploded in the movie. The blasts were insurmountable and it seemed to give a great inspiration to Star Wars. Because of this, the cause of the explosion was completely different from the main Death Star weapon. The dialogue had a good and interesting explanation of the cause. Many other blasts in the movie looked good, just not planetary explosions. Some sound effects are very rich as if they were borrowed from the late 1970s. Some images look like primitive video games, and Trona's influence is also visible. On the other hand, sound effects are often quite decent, although it emphasizes those cheese-wise parts. Art is also good, especially when it stays away from often-looking computer graphics. <br /> <br /> Finally, there's a story. If the film tells a good story, it can get away with many manufacturing flaws. But the plot was fairly easy here. A naïve boy tries to help somebody on a crippled space ship and gets a lot of power that he does not understand. He and his group of very good companions fight against the strong, relentlessly evil enemy. He prepares friends, learns about his special powers and grows into a young man. If he is persistent and virtuous, he can even defeat the evil enemy. Details on the way can cause such a story to become over a simple outline, but there is little more in this movie. <br /> <br /> Eventually it's just a childish cartoon. But then, because it seems the primary intended audience is older children, it may not be more than that.
