Wow. Watch this movie today, you can not help but be horrified by writing this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young are playing a couple who can be introduced to "The Jerry Springer Show" in modern times - because they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably it seems that writers support it! <br /> <br /> The film begins with the starving and homeless Loretta, who turned out to be the ropes of the poor but very inventive Spencer Tracy. She shows her that by cheating, you can make money very well and take her home to your hut to stay. It's never clear whether or not to get married - and given that it's a movie before the code, you can assume they are not, even if they live together. Their relationship is very strange ... and somewhat ill. While you can see Tracy cares about her, he is verbally abusive and sad - and Young is more like a dog. She calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and they are in a sickly way his way of using hobbies! Later, when she starts crazy with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she tells her friend she wants her to be fine with her! Surely a self-masochistic relationship and you can not help but feel a little horrified. Sure, he does not interfere with it, but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick she is when a young woman gets pregnant, she says, "It's your baby and it's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take all the blame!" So! Does not it all look a little like looking at a peephole to a sick and dysfunctional house? Later, in the case of art that imitates life, it proves what man is and disappears. After all, he can not be burdened by a child - though it is his. But he changed his mind and decided to go home. Wow ... that's a bit of it! And when he returns, he is angry and behaves as if he is left, he is not obliged to take care of a child! And tells him he's "a free man ... free as a bird"! Wow, at that moment I was almost in tears ... NO! Soon, this crazy couple got married ... and, of course, Young is depressed because he seems to be as long as he likes - not for any love or sense of responsibility. So how can you save something with such sick figures? What would you do? As for the writers, Tracy will soon commit a robbery to help pay for the brats! Romantic aspects of the film are the smallest! During the robbery, Tracy acts like a stump - he does almost nothing to take action to avoid being caught - as if he secretly hoped he would be sent to jail. To show what kind of nice guy he is, the guy he's trying to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> While the movie is more, a lot is that Tracy is a jerk Young is an idiot in the movie. Although they are both very good actors, there is no way to produce writers from this crap. Nice music, nice sets, good acting ... and a scenario that is 100% poo. How the film is currently rated 7.4 is behind me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the pure horror of the characters. A terrible wreckage that somehow did not destroy the careers involved. Oh, and if you're wondering that Loretta EVER gets the spine in this movie or playing the person who is the least strong answer is NO! Eventually she did not learn anything and did not change to anything better. They certainly do not make movies like them ... and in this case ... thank God!
