may contain spoilers !!!! so last night I watched this movie on LMN (Lifetime Movie Network), which is not known for showing high-quality movies. THIS FILM IS SEARCHED! I am still astonished that I was watching the whole thing because it was terrible. could this film contain more stereotypes? (the harp of a Jewish mother who wants to be a son of a doctor, a Catholic family with sons of priests, big crusaders in all rooms in a Catholic family home, Mexican girls, a "bad guy" who is really bad at heart) GAG !!!! I was first attracted by the fact that I had never heard of this movie and after seeing it as a hairdresser and a Corina German, I decided to stay awake for up to 4 hours to look at it. the only redemption of the thing about this film is madchen amick's beauty. I suppose acting and German acting are fine, but they have a scary script with them. Unlike other reviewers who have commented on the lack of Texan accents (the film is being held in Austin and few people have a burglary), I think there were accents (in supporting characters such as Mary Margaret and John's date) and were useless. were also very bad. I'm so tired of Hollywood's "southern" accents that sounded nothing like an area from which to be accented. and because it was going to be held in Austin and the filming of the 1991 film would not be expensive, I was expecting it to be full of famous footage of the city: the beautiful chapter building, the UT Tower lit for the winning football game, etc. None of these things she was not there. It also takes about 5-6 hours to Mexico from Austin. at one point Michael and his posse go to Mexico to lose their virginity and are able to leave when it's dark (in the summer and early autumn it does not go out in Austin until 21:00); spend time in Mexico, get drunk and have sex with the Mexican (is there some other kind?) whores, and then go back to the austin at dawn. while it is theoretically possible, it is not very likely. and if someone started going to school in a mountain area (usually the third week in August, but maybe in September 1960), they know that if they do not want to go through a heat stroke, they do not wear letter-jackets !!!! ! in August and September in Austin and surrounding areas it is 90 + degrees. only people without body temperature would be stupid to wear sweaters or letter jackets on the first day of school. everything in all, very bad for film experiences.
