James Bond in the desert? Well, it looks like: Pierce Brosnan is finally known as Bond in "Tommorrow Never Dies" (1997) and "Golden Eye" (1995) - both fired before this release. Frankly, the two films are both badly dirty, Brosnan is turning a little more convincingly, and Annie Galipeau (as a love affair of the Pony, Gray Owl) has to fight a casual conversation. <br /> <br /> Two aunts are perfect on the other side. But the film is not about aunt. This is the wilderness of the Canadian wilderness. And while the photos can be nice, there is no sand of rough reality living in nature. Annie Galipeau, like Pony, regrettably convinced me, because I really wanted to believe her. She was relatively inexperienced in the film for twenty years, and maybe it could work, but Richard Attenborough might not have been so hard on her. She seems to be vulnerable, which of course is .. but in the wrong way. But one thing for sure, she looks perfect all over. But in the wild, is it mascara and eyebrows? It just does not fit, especially when it seems to be following the forest trials with Bond (sorry, Gray Owl) and uses photos for kissing details. I lived with forest people in the Pacific Northwest, and they just do not look so nice and they stay so sweet while fighting for survival. Which brings me to another point: the film does not bring up the period in which it is set: the 1930s. I blame myself to a large extent on the lack of gloss scenario that is interested in preaching to the detriment of the dramatic arc, the plot points, and those little details that can evoke periods through action. William Nicholson wrote the script, and his latest offer "Elizabeth, the Golden Age" opened three days ago, so I hope there will be improvement. Yes, I have read the comments that others have posted, I was not convinced. Many potential, but neglected and perhaps even badly conceived. If she had a religious movie, it would be revived, but because it is ecology, the film remains somewhat over criticism because it is "politically correct". I'm sorry I do not buy it. Amen.
