There is so much gameplay on the title of a badly bad Valentine that I do not know where to start. I say that; here is a movie that scares me about the complexity of the valentine cards that we did at elementary school. You know, those who say to Batman, "You're a super war fight against murders!" Valentine is a film of fame without any hint of irony, one of the few horror films in recent years that ignores the influence of Scream. The villain is omniscient and almost invulnerable. The heroes are easily afraid when people run around their horns and grab them by their shoulders screaming "Hey! The score is more exaggerated than Mother Norman Bates." A thin piece follows a few children friends, now adults and extremely shrouded Since the film gives them nothing else, they stand and wait until the camouflaged stalker kills each other, and this stalker seems to be former nerd Jeremy Melton, who was still rejected by women and defeated by men in high school. The only problem is, as warned by the many characters that at the age of thirteen, Melton could change his look to look wonderful and nice, so (insert a frightened shout ) are all suspects! <br /> <br /> Here's the problem one: If you want to have a feeling of watching you must accept the fact that a high school student may become David Boreanaz. Nerds will not change in Angel when they grow up, turn into older, looking fools. It's not a scary actor, but a script, no less than four writers, gives him and the rest plays nothing to do, just scream and read. Denise Richards (the most trusted actress in Hollywood, who has never played at Baywatch) is particularly abused; most shamefully in a flashing excuse to get her into a swimsuit just before an important thrilling scene. Note to yourself: Always bring swimsuits to Valentine's Day. Just because it is February, it does not mean that you do not feel like you're a little diving. The Patriot in Valentine dresses in a black head with a Cherub mask. Here is problem number two. Movie makers clearly thought it would be a disturbing picture that would have the head of someone who was in the face with hot irons. It is not simple and simple. Instead, he only wondered how a man with a mask covering the entire face, including his eyes and ears, could move so carefree without hitting the chairs or tables. Then again, given what Cupid Killer might have, he may teleport and his eyes are on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie bad, it's not sure who the killer is; the last "twist" is more "Huh?" than "Hah!" When you do not scratch your head, you yawn, then it moans and then you look for the closest exit. Do not search for this movie. Even if you're on Valentine's Day alone, find something, whatever else to do. You will be glad you did.
