This could be the worst movie I've ever seen. Despite what Mikshelt claims, this film is not even historically accurate. It starts badly and then it's all downhill. Hitler's father cursed his own misfortune about the "reality" that he had married his niece! In fact, they were second cousins. Hitler's mother, Clara, called her father Alois, "Uncle," because Alois was adopted and raised by Klar's grandfather and raised as his son when he was really his nephew. Alois was much older than Klara, and like a child who had the habit of calling Alois, "Uncle". The scene in the trenches where Hitler mocks his soldiers and decides to marry on his dog is simply a shame and insult to the intelligence of all viewers. We see that Hitler is chasing a dog through a ditch when he is about to get the wrong thing he is doing to suppress him because he has not fired him. In the distance, we see and hear that his fellow citizens continue to laugh and punish the cowardly little man, but then the shell reaches directly on his pursuers, and every last, as we are told, is completely killed. So how if Hitler was the only person surviving the scene, came the story of brutality and cowardice? Did Hitler himself "boast" about himself? - I do not think so. Hitler scared and intimidated the poor, stressful and war-tired Jewish officer who gave him an iron cross! I can assume that this Jewish officer was before he was fighting for his homeland, and he was thinking he had some promised medals from his store because I'm sure the Iron Cross is not being handed over, as the comic farce shows. <br /> <br /> All grotesque clichés are here, last but not least, the soothing and hypnotic effect of Wagner's music on a small man. If only Ian Kershaw had the side. Then they might find that Franz Lehar's "Cheerful Widow" is likely to float Fuhrer's ship than any "flying Dutchman" from Richard Wagner's cannon! <br /> <br /> Hitler can be responsible for the deaths of 60 million people, but how can he ever be forgiven for his terrible taste in music? I could go on, but I'll be on it for an hour. <br /> <br /> Miss, miss.
