** SPOILERS ** A bit of confusion made for television film has a sexy and medieval golden kick Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, makes a number on every man with whom the film comes in contact. The first victory over their hearts and then their wallets and then, when they no longer use it to her, threw them into the rubbish bin as the exhausted Kleenex tissue. Isabelle's first victim is no other than her abusive, to keep Isabelle from attacking his bank account, husband Stewart, John O'Hurley. It's later in the movie when Isabelle became very friendly with his former plumbing furniture and now Jack Davis salesman, Philip Casnoff, that without a real narrative, Richard has a very nice sick contract for her unsuspecting husband's life. To get this ex-convicted, in fact, once he was released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to do work on Stewart Richard will soon find out that he did not get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000.00 in cash, for. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> When Daggett took a bit too greedy Stewart's brains, he took the solid gold watch that Stewart had offered him to do for his life. The watch was easily traced to Daggett when he tried to kill him on a local jewelry where he was quickly arrested. When Doggett scattered his mind, who hired him to hit Stewart, he did not take long for a long arm of law to stop Stewart when he hired Doggetta, the murderer of Isabelle's husband to be ex-plumber and yacht dealer Richard Davis! Davis's arrest by the police is the same as he and Isabelle have taken vows to marry in the local Isabelle church, manipulating everyone, exclusively with the men who fall for her head, to her benefit by getting them to do her dirty work. Always played a part of a naive housekeeper, widow or lover or even client Isabelle, it seems that she lives a charming life always a step ahead of law and police. No matter what she does, Isabelle overlaps it in a way that makes it almost impossible for her to do so for others to do for the many crimes committed in the film by the other side of the movie. <br /> <br /> After the first and second husband Steven's other husband, for less than ten seconds, Richard and finally her or Richard's lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knew it was only a matter of time, before the police are wise. When D.A acquired both Richard and Kendrick to turn to the evidence against her Isabelle, knowing that everything that closes her fast is her final step. Once Isabelle and her ten-year-old daughter, Ruby Lauren Collins, get all right, they take all their overseas cash, shoot down their passports to get permissions, passports, and get out of the country. <br /> <br /> It is when she is cowardly and smart Isabelle in the movie makes the first and possibly the last and fatal mistake. Isabelle is entrusted by a passport officer, Don Carer, will have to wait 48 hours, and Ruby's passport to be clear! Just enough time for the police to find her and arrest her! An endless end that is against everything and every ethic that is in the movie noir or crime. The end that not only throws away your mind but also your ideas of what is right and wrong in the world!
