For your own good, it would be best to ignore any positive reviews about this movie. This scrolling STINKS. Now (at least theoretically) I like horror movies with a low budget, but this makes the worst mistake that can reduce the budget: it's too serious. And unfortunately, it's not just a problem. It's a story about the murderous Bean clan of British Ilses, which has been transposed into modern times. An interesting premise, but it's two things that are instantly confused about this movie as soon as you start watching it. <br /> <br /> # 1 - Why are the biggest names on the Jenna Jameson CD box? She is a subordinate looking woman who can not act and has a small role. ANSWER: She's a well-known porn star (as you've undoubtedly read in other reviews), so I think it's a "portrait" for her. It gives the movie the necessary "recognition name", it seems. Her highest payout is no indication of her talent, but it is a sign of how Untalented is the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> # 2 - How can movie makers be so stupid that they think Canada can be left like Ireland? Not even remotely like Ireland. And the house in which the guests / victims remain is this great large North American wooden Edwardian frame. They could skip the whole motif of Beane and develop a story that took place in the NA. If you're going to make a movie in Ireland, it's probably best to have more than one character with Irish accent (and that was really a really bad Irish accent.) Now it would not be so bad if the director did not try to do another "Night living dead ", but it seems to be. Very bad. He could have fun. In fact, some scenes were not far from being unintentionally comedic as they were. <br /> <br /> As well as the shameful shrill scene, the woman was turned to a table, stripped naked and then sliced ​​and eviscerated. That's funny, will you ask? Well, in the deleted scene, the mutant killer pulls miles a mile over the bowels. It's really fun after a while. And what about actually respecting cannibal her intestines, anyway? We eat the intestines of cows and chickens? Shit no, we're ham, ribs and sticks. Oh, okay. Some of the other cast who were poisonous: whiny, scary Howard Rosenstein. I'm not sure, but I think it was supposed to be a STUD. In fact, it's as big as its name suggests. Which would explain why the character played by the equally annoying Gillian Leigh played for him. I checked Gillian Leigh on his link to IMDb, and it seems important to know that she went to high school with honors. I can not decide if it's much more fun than knowing that just a few years after graduation, an honest student does nude soft-core porno scene scenes with a guy named Howard Rosenstein. Will she wonder if her former classmates have seen this movie? If they do, hopefully they will receive a message: CALL THIS PERSON! GO TO WHEEL !!! I could go on, but why. If you like gore, you'll find something to buy in this movie, but not much more.
