I'm in Iraq right now doing a job that gives you enough time to watch movies. We also have access to lots of pirated movies, and this jewel came along with 11 other movies, and that's perhaps the worst I've ever seen. I've seen a few more reviews that claim that this film is not too serious, but I really think it's hiding the fact that it's terrible. It's not a tongue in the face, the writers really thought they were improving in Blade. This movie is just one notch above the vampire killer who, if you have not seen, I recommend. At least the movie is so incredibly bad that you will laugh harder than you think it is possible. It's just that tip without buying the qualities, what ever. from bad acting to visual clichés (ie initial credits), adobe premier special effects. they could not even get weaponry for weapons, which may be related to the place where the film was shot, but if you use the effects, make them close to the exact one. in terms of casting, it seems that they just went to the tae bo class and picked up the first nasty cat that went out. Again, like Ron Hall in the Vampire Assassin, do not let the stunt people's talk, they can not. Also note that it is a "return of old vampire movies" ... no, it's not like that. These are all new vampire movies. Buffy Vampire Slayer, Blade, Underworld, are some super vampire star. This is the latest genre of vampires with bad blood, false shouts, and cheesy gambling. Of course, anyone who has written good insight about it is somehow associated with a movie, or with friends cast. But what I do not care about, I paid for 33 cents. Anyway, to wrap it up, someone from the first semester of the film school decided to shoot a movie, I give them credit because it's better than I could do. Of course, I also know I can not make movies, so I'm not trying. But I know how to watch movies. I work 12 o'clock in the evening, 6 days a week, I saw a few thousand in the year when I was out and it was so bad that I was halfway hoping for a mortar attack.
