Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentions that after her kids get out of hand with his chaffing poisonous jokes they will never survive this trip .. ..boy, it's sometimes in money. Karen is a school teacher who brought her group of children from Shepley College of Historical Studies to the wrong national seat of the manor estate on a large heap of graves in Ireland. Are there places in this country more comforting than this ?! Castle keeper Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and her students to stay on their way and not to bother in the woods. There is a myth about the Sawney Bean clan, the ritual druid cannibalistic inbred family celebrating Samhain (the end of the summer of October 31) "The Feast of the Dead" where the victims are needed to soothe the spirit. Gary is supposedly a clairvoyant, says cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) because he was born in Samhain. Funny, because he certainly does not see the results well, nor does he even give advice. Almost everyone dies (even those who do not turn away from the path) and they do not even see their own terrible fate. What this monster can hear breathing is the victim of excessive inbreeding ... his face resembles a badly shaped sponge and looks like a terrible rejection of Mad Max's image. It does not take long before the "evil breeder" kills everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's loving interest, who made a bad decision in Ireland without his girlfriend's prior knowledge. <br /> <br /> A terrible slasher is not bothering the standard. It is a tiny budget that is loud and the characters are clichés from the assembly line, which are again nervous to be defeated in usual cruel ways. Most violence quickly flashes across the screen without much concern for the deaths of the victims. A lot of intestines pulls out stitches during a quick editing as one scene whispers to the other. Seeing Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not enough motivation to recommend it. Phil Price has a really irritating cheater, Steve, who often sheds bad jokes .. how he can get Leigh's Barbara naked in the shower for some action, someone is guessing because I have no reason to have such a chance. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the happy role of Shae, the quiet virgin intelligent girl (which is also quite hot) we know will be the one who survives the script. Jenna Jameson drops long enough to get her heart out of her chest (at least we'll see her breasts just before opening her chest) with a few tiny lines about the two missing buddies she's looking for. The main problem with the film is that the story and character's development stops because he realizes none of them is interesting at all, so director Christian Viel simply lets his monster escape to launch an uncontrollable massacre, making the whole actor almost a failure in a single failure ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco has a small opening opportunity as a victim who has avoided her chick from her trip to the camp.
