I hired last night movies from Blockbuster and this was the first one I watched (it was late Saturday night, it wanted "repairing horror") ... Wow, this was terribly, so embarrassingly ... A stupid slasher story, I really am he thought movies like Scream had ended; amateur actors who make clichés and an unfortunate dialogue that is hard to believe was actually written and read the page; and scary scenes that do not get excited (especially when they appear in a movie that is badly written). But I've always believed that no movie is 100% completely worthless. Here are a few good things to say about this mess: <br /> <br /> # 1 Bobbie Phillips: Love this actress. He is the only cast member to show any talent. The only reason I had the opportunity to rent it is that her name was on the front cover. She frees her presence in this jam with professionalism, though she looks confused at the time she is dealing in such a sad story. Unintentional hilarity: This is the kind of movie I remember seeing back when there were still grind home theaters across the country and they used to include bullshit like this as a third movie on a triple-bill with some prestigious thriller movie that finally makes it a way to backgrounds. Unfortunately, at this point in the video, most of the viewers have to endure these turkeys alone without the common experience of becoming part of the audience who are throwing and throwing on the screen because the movie is so terrible. Which leads to ... <br /> <br /> # 3 Porn Stars are trying to act!: Mostly at hand, because producers do not have to cajole or ask for them to disrobe for extensive sex scenes, but this compromise usually means that they really get to talk about some lines that should precede the story (other than "ooh yeah baby" or "harder!"). And proudly, all of them are expert in acting when looking at stupidity when they try to act. I would almost exclude Ginger Lynn Allen from this band if her character should not be an Irish mum and she actually tries to make an accent sometimes keeping the smiles come in. <br /> <br /> It's nice to look positive in all the experiences, and that's what I took from this crap aka "Evil Breed"
