Yes, definitely better than my view of the Death Tunnel. In fact, some of these deaths were quite original and the gore was decent. It was a bit like Wrong Turn meets Hills Have Eyes. But: 1.) When "kids" (college or college?) Talks about horror films in the kitchen, everything Shae says is almost an exact quote from Scream (1996). The thing about girls with big braids, etc. 2.) Steve was not Randy from Scream? 3.) In addition to the fact that it happened in October, what was the hell of the film with Samhain? Quite futile if you ask me. I know it's humorous to see those horror films of the 1980s that explain free ends by showing fingers on druids or pentagram. 4.) Wow they did Sam Raimi link !!! 5.) Why was Gary and his sister in the movie? They are characters who have nothing to do with anything. And is he so psychic that he could not even see his own death? 6.) When Gary was killed in the bathroom (at that moment the death became simply Troma-licious), how could she hear the cries when she was on the ground floor but did not hear when she was standing in front of the door? 7.) Gary's sister commented on Haggis - it's Scottish food, not Irish. 8.) So the lesson is, if you are like Shae and you have no fun or you can not smile the whole movie, will you live? 9.) Mutants were pretty cool, but they looked like walking with chili con carne. 10.) When they brought Gary's sister, they forgot that Steve HAD was drenched and wondered where he was going? 11.) Was there no more than one killer? Shae beat that one, but he'd never been with them. <br /> <br /> 12.) What were the obstacles to other people? Half of them, Shae, did not know if they were dead or alive, what was wrong with that? 13.) Why did not they kill Gary and his sister yet? 14.) Why did not anyone ever call the police? And it seems that all KNEW people lived in the woods why they never organized a raid? 15.) As far as I know, they were not zombies or vampires - how could she eventually "turn" one? I'm with everyone else on the giant "what?" at the end. The path is better than the death tunnel, but still quite sloppy. I still do not understand why they even placed him in Ireland because Samhain had nothing to do with the conspiracy.
