Tourists travel to Ireland for a school trip to learn about the Druids. What they encounter is a terrible story of cannibalistic killers. If I had to summarize Evil Breed, it would be a small gore fest. The film mixes Dead Alive, Evil Dead, Wrong Turn all in one. It is simply wrong that the film has so many inconsistencies to watch losing any "entertainment" it would look at. The movie has a lot of random "horror" nudity ... though the movie also star porn star, four porn star, so it could be a lot more. The breed also shows a good amount of gore. <br /> <br /> Evil Breed has a terrible start, with a mixed conversation and scary action. This is given in a movie horror movie, but this takes a cake. I can not really find out who the main character is, because one woman who "lives" at the end is actually not so much in the movie. To talk about the end, it must be one of the most random and fake endings in the history of the film. It does not make sense with the rest of the film and completely changes the view of one's film. You have to see this movie to believe it because there are some big scenes of death. There are two fatal scenes that come to me in the mind where an inbred killer breaks the intestines from a naked woman through her chest ... her chest, do not ask me. The other id, when the guy gets his gut, and then he rips through his asshole. Killing the guy? No, the killer continues to strangle the guy with his own bowel. These scenes remind me of a lot of Dead-Alive, with the right amount of humor in everyone. I also got a sense of Evil Dead, with insane references to horror films and Sam Raimi. Along with Halloween, the female figure in the closet screaming for her life with the killer who is desperately trying to get in. Though gore and nudity are not enough for the poor sound and visual quality of the film. When the teacher wakes up from the bed and goes down the stairs, her steps are so loud and hard that she seems to be wearing shoes. Distraction really. Just like the continuity in the movie, with a single inbred killer? Just as the character dies momentum. I could not tell if the Jenny Breast Implant Cat or Gary's sister / cousin ... I can not remember. Just like a random naked cat with a dead baby hanging from her body, still attached to her navel. <br /> <br /> Terrible editing is also disturbing, opening credits are too fast and disoriented. He had a bad start and improved, but the end brings the film back to a terrible level. If there were better production values ​​and more faith in this movie then it would not be severely killed to death. Stay away from this movie if you are not happy with the lower budget of a terrible bad movie with a decent gore.
