I'm a big fan of the Spaghetti Western genre, and I mostly like most of the cheap. Infamous director Demofilo Fidani is well known for some of the cheapest, most unfortunate and worst contributions to this genre. Fidani's films were generally very weak and, given that his talent was relatively limited, he usually tried selling films by adding the famous names Spaghetti Western as "Django" "Sartana" to the titles. The special case of "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" from 1971 was awarded the title "Gi첫 La Testa" (alias "Duck You Sucker") and added "Hombre". The film is under various titles ("Fistful Of Death", "Western Story" ...), I personally bought it under the name "Adios Companeros", which shares this film with another Fidani movie with almost the same cast, "Per Una Bara Piena Di Dollari ", which is also called" Adios Companeros "in the German version. The conspiracy is rather weak, followed in essence by a guy named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) and his involvement with two rival banned gangs led by Butch Cassidy (Jack Betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). Jeff Cameron's top performer, kindly, is not very convincing. Not even Jack Betts was as good as "Butch Cassidy". But the legend of Gordon Mitchell's B-movie is always worth a try, and although he was probably not a very good actor, his performances in Spaghetti Westerns have always been fun and original and saved some of Fidani's films (like the somewhat miserable "Django and Sartana ... Showdown on the West"). There is one very fun and original thing about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - a great Klaus Kinski playing a priest! I wanted to introduce Kinski in any role, but before I saw this movie, I would never have learned to throw him like a priest. Kinski is great again, though he has little time on the screen and one scene where he breaks the fight is probably the only good scene in this. Another interesting thing about this film is that the legendary director and the king of the affliction of Joe D'Amato made cinematography. "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is an inexpensive, dirty movie, but still has some funny moments. As a Western spaghetti enthusiast, I found it fun to watch, but if you are not, do not forget to watch this movie or look at it just to see Kinski play a priest. 3/10
