In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began photographing. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally burned in a very fast sequence. Short comedies had very little structure and were totally excluded. As a result, movies, though popular in their days, were terrible according to today's standards. Many of them bear a strong resemblance to home movies that have annoying relatives for the camera. Many others show that the characters go in front of the camera and do nothing. And whatever the outcome, Keystone is sent directly to the theaters. My assumption is that all the movies at this point had to be pretty bad because the Keystone and Chaplin films were very successful. Charlie Chaplin, who we know and love today, began to develop later in Chaplin's career. Keystone. By 1915 he signed a new contract with Essenay Studios, and the films dramatically improved with Chaplin as a director. Sometimes, however, these films were still very harsh and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin as cute Little Tramp was still developing. In 1916, when he moved to Mutual Studios, his films improved again and became a more respected boy - in many previous films he was just a fool (either very drunk, hitting women, provoking battles with innocent people, etc.). The ultimate development of his Little Tramp to a classical state emerged in 1920 as a result of his feature films. Interestingly, this movie is called TWENTY MINUTES LOVE because the movie takes about 10 minutes! Oh, okay. The plot, which is little, includes a little tramp in the park. The couple wants a neck, but inexplicably, Charlie insists he practically sits on the pair of the couple and really pisses them off. I do not understand why and short consists of Charlie's wandering around the park that these people and some others later in the movie poisoning. Maybe looking for a trio, I do not know. The film, however, lacks coherence, and it is simply not fun - even when people start to slap and push each other in the lake. A typical misguided effort before Chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.
