at first it deserves about five stars due to acting (some who would give me a better subjective opinion and not as objective as I would by giving this, WELL DESERVED, a star) but then I know that these facts are used for actor S ) NAMES to increase the rating of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with these productions; another attempt (as well as a "non-deductible") systematic propaganda element that promotes government violations of your rights (as interesting as it comes when IPS seeks to "prefer" = CENSOR information and Americans and Canadians fight against it at this time) . this time torrent is not a file transfer for evil (the one that intended to resemble such a feeling in data transmission on the network), but literally tried to create a sexually frustrated population as a whole. PLEASE HOLLYWOOD NATIONS, THOSE HOLLYWOOD STANDARDS, especially when they come to the thriller that is the most "optional" movie genre in the last 2 decades or so - the most seen, the best way to try to influence society as a whole. these levels of violence are depicted in these two features of moral and "ethical" people that give the new, much-needed, "anti-heroic" attitude. do not make any mistake, it's not "DEXTER", which should be a high quality entertainment. STOP SALE "FEAR" Please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollars out of it. <br /> <br /> The introductory scene and generally the first 10 minutes really gives a terrible picture of Erroll Babbage, who is CLEARLLY suffers from sexual frustration. the way he treats a black man is very worrying unless he is completely racist (certainly at least "cliche") (in real life someone would probably be beaten for it, you will see what I mean). the second scene (with the character of Claire Danes) is even more extreme. at this point I realized that Erroll Babbage is a very dangerous person for people around me. Many people who have seen or seen this movie have never been "held" (in terms of both sexes), COMMON SUCCESS !, Typically, the film gives an extreme criminal case (which, unfortunately, has done, is and will likely be repeated sometimes, somewhere) fingers all the others indirectly as well as "you could become", etc., with Sigmund Freud and Junge knowing very well that sexuality is not something that could be considered as "ass", such a fanatical "hero" here. SAFE sex in many forms is healthy and not some evil that Richard Gere's character is obsessed with, on the way to a sexual "crusade". Did we learn anything from many recent scandals involving priests and young boys? or how long American teens can see extreme violence on "pg-13", but they do not even see female breasts until "R-18"! (yet the industry is focusing on these very similar sexual perversions like "American Pie"). Give your kids a tester - one level, but frustrate them and drive them underground while developing a fetish to unhealthy EXTREME! all sexual activities (MUTUAL acceptance) integrate individuals better than any "right" walnut who accuses his misfortunes and shortcomings in the "life of others" (a new German film that would work greatly when comparing these 2 different and world-wide features on the same topic). Just like in this movie, you will probably appreciate the actors as well showing the opposite of what they should be. I am very disappointed by Richard Gere, especially after the recent "hunting party", a feature he really shines on and a more realistic "hero" (even after real facts). But then he reminds me that all these people are just actors who are paid to play one's political and social agenda. "flock" and "undetectable" 2 heads of the same hidden animal))) reminds you if you know someone with similar views on the subject as ALL, as Erroll Babbage here, actually safety.they would kill my family faster than any 0.00001 the chance of Paul Jerrod in someone's life ... I would eventually recommend that anyone who has thought negatively here about my "guess" of this particular movie (and "inaccessible"), so you probably will have similar ideas like me. nothing sweeter than a propaganda film that shoots itself in a "leg.")))) Once I agree with the evaluation, it is not for the youth or the children; simply because it would at best confuse them more than the "common" belief "money + fame + fashion" and how it relates to sexuality. "scream" series and movies as such have at least a defined value of entertainment (although it is stupid in my opinion). but this is just another "believe me, I know what is good for you" deeply (not so well that I could add) subliminal news.
