Although THE FLOCK has some good acting veteran Richard Gere and some good footage that could capture some days into Weekdays, the film will spread credibility to the break point and destroy the conspiracy that does not really happen anywhere. The film is about Errol Babbage (Gere), who works for the security department and is preparing for retirement. His office is replaced by Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST) who quickly finds out that Babbage is obsessed with his work. And this work is not very fun. It monitors hundreds of sexual offenders who are released in their jurisdiction. Allison goes with Errol for a series of phone calls to check his "herd" of offenders and finds herself in a desperate need to retire. But Erroll is good at his work, even though his methods are not. He looks at sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. Erroll justifies his actions by educating these past deviants. It is this "good excuse" that gives audiences a certain level and lets us see how brutal Erroll is and how he becomes untouchable (by being too close to his job). <br /> <br /> When the teenage girl disappears into the "area" of Errolle, she immediately jumps to the conclusion that one of her cattle has kidnapped her. But how could he know that? Is Erroll so good at work? Allison calls him and Erroll pulls away. Their battles are as wild as Errol's need to find this missing girl. Although the setting for the story was fine, it was not umpf! But I give credit to Richards Gere, who plays very well the character of Errol. Fight with retirement. He is afraid of anyone close to his flock. He got drunk with those responsible for surveillance. He himself is disgusted to have to do something he does. A pretty change of character portrait for Gere. But there is nothing else behind him. Some of the sets are fine (dark and dangerous), but there are many other issues that might be ridiculous. It will be the first to admit that the non-believer's suspension is a condition for watching movies. However, this suspension has limits. The greatest pressure against these limitations is the destruction of EXTREMELY vital crime scenes. Someone as cautious as Erroll would know that the movement of the body would be a huge no-no. Or dive through the crime scene. Or moving evidence. It went beyond the borders and made the film endless. The other damaging part of this movie is that we never get into the character of Clair Danes, Allison. After the movie, she's almost dropped down the road and we never knew what she might be: Staying or leaving? Will he end up like Erroll if he stays? It's not a terrible movie because it touches some inconvenient moral soil, but the story as a whole has to be tightened.
