It's like ... you put the DVD and the most professional-looking thing you see in the next ninety minutes is the distribution company logo. And at this point, you know you've just got to the market. People are generally confident to assume that if something is stored on a DVD, it will be at a certain level - least financially, if not creatively. Unfortunately, this is not true. Distribution companies are very happy to match DVD amateur movies together and transport them directly to the shops to wait for the unsuspecting buyer who is drawn out of a well-designed DVD cover. The weight behind this particular project is probably an independent pioneer of Kevin J Lindenmuth's horror film, whose name can be known among fans of the genre because he is responsible for various other low-budget films of werewolves - "Rage of the Werewolf", "Werewolf Tales," and so forth . <br /> <br /> The "Wreck Blood" consists of three short, independent werewolves of stories that have no real connection, apart from the fact that they deal with hereditary creators of the shape. The first part, "Blood Reunion," is quite a tone for the whole thing ... the man returns to his home town to look at the girl who was surprised to find out that her native grandmother refuses her to have relationships with men and for reasons that are somehow associated with a dark family secret. This installment is poorly routed, poorly focused, and basically nothing better than what you could throw along with some friends and home video camera. The second story, "Old Blood," is probably the strongest of three, and runs by Lindenmuth himself. He tells the story of a lesbian couple who is the creator of shapes and the other wants to give that power. Her wish is admitted, but she does not become the creation she imagined. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers who have worked on this project, but it still is not enough to rise above the level of amateur film. Finally, we have a "Manbeast," in which a military guy walks through the forest while being persecuted by two other people. They want to kill him because the beasts have been stolen and believed to be dangerous, but it does not have to be as it seems. This has an interesting concept, but it's shot too long, and if you do not know what the twist is in the first ten minutes, then it's probably not too clear. This will largely solve the problem with this whole DVD ... some good ideas are simply not enough to justify spending money on something like that. After all, do you pay for a picture you can paint yourself?
