"Spielberg in the morning loves the mood of sentiment, but sentiment at the expense of narrative honesty?" No one should love. - Lucius Shepard <br /> <br /> "Color Purple" takes place in the deep south during the early 20th century and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African-American sisters. The film opens with girls playing in the field of purple flowers, an idyllic sanctuary that is immediately broken by the look of her stepfather. This motif? innocence interrupted by men? permeates the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The film then runs into a series of short sequences. Celie is revealed to have been impregnated twice by her stepfather, birthing in a dirty barn, having her newborn baby taken and being forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent fool who repeatedly raped her and forced her to cook, clean and care for Our children. All these terrible scenes are given little time on the screen and instead are surrounded by cinematic moments, dirty symphonic scores, uncompromising comedies, and too exuberant work with the camera. The cumulative effect is like a merger of Disney's cartoon film and a raped film that caused Stanley Kubrick to remark that the "Purple Color" made him so disturbed that he had to turn it off after ten minutes. Ten minutes? It took a long time. The film is often said to address "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but that is not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on which the film is based, claims she is bisexual but in reality is a lesbian box. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, the story of women's liberation and self-discovery, which colors men as violent brats that will crush women. For Walker, the only way to get out of this maze is to bring women together in a kind of lesbian utopia, black sisterhood and women's independence. Spielberg's film, however, reconstructs Walker's story of a lens of comforting American mythology. It is a film in which the saving power of Christianity overcomes the natural cruelty of the people. The film, in which Albert finds himself in various absurd situations, puts the moments of a bad comedy to look like a crazy fool. A film in which all characters are derived from racist concerts, a cast composed of crazy men (always with bright smiles and teeth), stereotypical fat mothers, jazz groups, and evangelical choirs. <br /> <br /> This is a movie in which black people are naturally childish, easily and gladly accepting their social conditions. A film in which black people are overly sexual, body sensory dominated violent passions. A film where poverty and class issues are completely invisible (Albert lives in a huge house) and black men are utterly awkward. It's not old southern, it's old south, as it is derived from "Gone With The Wind", MGM Muscals, "Song of the South", Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and prohibited Disney movies. Discover innovative innovation. It's in Fotbalecase. It's so cartoonish, so racist that it reduces these human beings to one dimensional ethnic stereotypes that the black romanceist Ismael Reed is greatly likened to the Nazi conspiracy. Of course, in a typical Spielberg way, the film ends with the healing of family ties. This reconciliation was in Walker's novel, but Spielberg goes on to have every story in the story reconcile with his relatives. In addition to Walker's hate letter to black men and Spielberg's bizarre cartoon of black life, we are from the black community. We only have the saddest ideas about how one of these characters earns their livelihood and does not see how they communicate with others in their community. Instead, Spielberg's camera jumps and desperately fights for our attention (one of Celie's kitchen contrasts seems to belong to the movie "Home Alone"), every emotion being played, the director never stops watching something or just letting life simply go through. Guess it with Quincy Jones's crazy "white" music and you have one of the strangest films in cinema history: an angry feminist tract shot by a white Disney-Griffith Jew who was spotted by a black man who was trying to imitate John Williams. <br /> <br /> The problem is also the lack of white characters. Consider this: the men in this movie are not portrayed as harsh, nor do women predominate because they are brutalized by a racist society that reduces their masculinity. No, they are, by their very nature, cruel. And women, whether silently suffering as Celie or rebellious and hard as her sister, endure and survive only because the men are too stupid to destroy them. A better film would not only focus on women's oppression as it occurs among the oppressed, but rather show that it is social abuse that has led to marriage abuse that enslaved black women are forced to perform the same tasks (while still performing traditional female roles); that African-American domestic violence is mainly due to economic factors, women who can not support themselves and their children. <br /> <br /> And so there is a hidden ideology to work here. Later in the movie, one character tells another that because he did not respect his wife, she was hurt when she was severely beaten and imprisoned by her white. The result is that blacks must return to their African roots to restore their own dignity and that it is their fault that the white is unjustly crushed. respect each other in your poor minority community, and you will not be afraid of dominant white cultures. <br /> <br /> 3/10 - Inability to confront sex and lesbianism, inappropriate musical numbers, a myriad of recordings with strange visual pizzas, disparate comic book, strong musical stimuli, and wildly encouraged emotionality contribute to making Purple Color "worthless.
