First of all, I would like to say that I like the Ladies Man sketch on SNL. I always laughed aloud in Tim Meadows's performance of Leon Phelps. But there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a long-time movie. Watching Leon performing his show and making obscene remarks to his listeners and coming up with a variety of segments for his show like "The Ladies Man Presents ..." that reminds Alfred Hitchcock Presents ... is totally funny. There's a great episode where Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and calls it "The Oral Office." You see, that's funny! <br /> <br /> We do not see Leon in the show too often. In fact, they are digging out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot rotates around his quest for true love, including a mysterious letter that was released on his cabin signed "Sweet Thing". Karyn Parsons, who is known for playing Hillary on "the fresh Prince Bel Air," works with him on show and has a secret affection for Leon. The film stacks in one bored subplot after another. And the gags are also boring. When we first see Leon mentioning the word "wang," it's quite funny. When he uses it again and again, he probably tries to laugh, the joke is dry. Most of the jokes he uses in the movie are the jokes we've heard before and better on SNL's sketch, and we've been playing for quite an hour and twenty-five minutes. He even tries to enter the musical number of Willem Ferrell and his gang of hateful ladies men who all want to destroy him because their wives had a job with him to get into this faraway comedy. Ferrell has some fun moments and is trying to make the best of the otherwise inoperative role. Ferrell has this unique comic talent and is funny to almost everything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a portrait. Watch it, you can not just wonder "What the hell is Oscar winning actress doing in this movie ?? !!!" Her name was not mentioned in the initial credits - probably her approval. And, of course, the film of this theme must include the love master, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is as charismatic as ever, but he can not even breathe enough life in this movie. I also have to say that the soundtrack is full of fine R & B hits, which damages even more the movie and gives it a terribly weak tone - as if the script was not boring enough. This is "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would be suitable for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "Ladies Man" has only sporadic laughter. There are exceptions in which SNL can produce a great movie from a short sketch. Watch both "Wayne World" movies and see how it is done. But this film, as well as the adaptation of Mary Catherine Gallagher's character on the "Superstar" screen, shows the turnover. Some sketches are to be memorized on the SNL and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
