This classic story of the smoldering passion of 1997 has achieved its deserved legendary position as one of the largest screen saga with a condemned and hopeless love. The penetrating, progressive, and progressive magnetism between Reinhold and his name is sure to set a lot of viewers to heart and flutter with memories of their own first crushing. The brilliant screenplay hangs up this embryonic issue in front of an enchanted listener who sits like an abstract, almost expressionist cinematography that deeply focuses on what's under that desire. You can reduce sexual tension with a blunt iron tire. A small drop of sweat at the end of the nose captures the bright sunlight and does not doubt its meaning. Such a scene is abundant and the bear is looking again and again. Like "Jane Eyre" and "Rebecca" (to which this work is often compared), the close faces of the actors as they experience the slow shining of great love - it is not you forever. <br /> <br /> Now a classic RC soundtrack with a creative and unique use of solo synthesizer highlights the emotions that drop as an escape ring. <br /> <br /> If I had any criticism at all, I did not mention what I consider to be a minor mistake (and I ventured to risk the wrath of millions of fans holding this class so dear to my heart), I would say that the characteristic feature of "Runaway Car 's tension - is shortly disturbed by the motorway scene, which now seems to be somewhat excessive (and perhaps unnecessary?) To the everlasting, hot-blooded story of love interrupted. perceived as the smallest mistake in this critically acclaimed triumph of modern film? "Citizen Kane" had his "Rosebud". . . "Runaway Car" should have its say too. Perhaps the film could be opened with the extreme detail of Judge Reinhold, who says something like "Cars is an extension of his owner!" And the rest of the story could be devoted to analyzing every syllable, subtlety and nuance of this phrase. If this story line were to be completed, this year's Golden Globe movie could end up being "Titanic", I'm convinced. My only regret? That I did not first read a novel.
