After watching many of the TV series "Next Action Star", eps TiVo recorded this terrible scarecrow for me. For some bizarre reason - and I'm just guilty - I've been watching the whole thing and hoping there will be something unique in the whole movie. After such a humor of "Midas Touch" Joel Silver with action moves, he might want to make sure that the bones on his alchemy. First of all, Billy Zane's only redemption of the whole movie was, and he could not even pick up the squeaky song from the scratch. When he said it, Zane's performance collapsed around the 2 / 3rds path because he does not even seem to know what to do but to look complacent. <br /> <br /> I can not blame him here. The script, frankly, sucked in. Let's get ideas from "Rat Race", "State Enemy", "Terminator", "Midnight Run" and any bad gambling you think and simply re-evaluate it. And who's a great idea, should there be two lines of tracking a bridge in a row? Sean Carrigan, "The Hour Man" from "The Next Action Star," shows all the strengths and weaknesses of casting directors mentioned throughout the series cycle. One noteworm, Sean plays very well a silly good-looking John, but fights with the weight of the movie. Quite frankly, it does not seem to show us whether he lives or dies halfway, because Carrigan does not provide a reason why the audience might even feel like him. His stupid but happy routine happens because in reality there is nothing that is rooted in nature. But Carrigan is a dream compared to the hardy Corinne Van Ryck de Groot. Did Howard Fine say it really to pretend to be a Terminator in the first half of the movie? I think yes. I still expected her to quote Arnie. Her "performance" character can only be compared with the dramatic depths of "Freddy Got Fingered," though not so well developed. The camera loves her in dark, shadowy limousines, but in the harsh daylight, her behavior exhausts all the energy from the screen. Jeanne Bauer showed more natural life in her five-minute bit before Corinne showed at any part of her time on the screen. Eventually Sean has a rough good look that provides a good lead in cast cast, but should not be left to this solo. It was too much for him to do. "Another action star", colleague Jared Elliot may or may not have been more fortunate with some more dynamic characterization, but it's hard to say, as Jeff Welch is a lame script. Someone should take Welch's iMac away before hurting himself or someone else. Finally, Van Ryck de Groot was simply overcome and out of reach, even for a complete shlock. <br /> <br /> Joel Silver should be ashamed.
