Many of the main characters in Hitokiri's Hitokiri (Tenchu) were real historical figures (in the "Western" title): Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada, ____ Anenokoji. The name "Hitokiri," a historical term, refers to a group of four super-swordsmen who carried out numerous murders of key figures in the ruling Tokugawa shogunate in the mid-eighties, led by Takechi, leader of the Loyalist (ie ultra-nationalist, Clan Tosa. What was that fight about? It's sad to say that you are not in this movie. "Great History Lesson" Really! Well, Gosha is much more interested in showing you the usual bloody slicing and slicing and (in absurd length) the inner suffering of the not-too-clear killer Izo Okada than in revealing real history. Sakamoto, for example, was someone of historical significance, considered to be the father of the Imperial Japanese Navy. The closest Gosha comes to provide a historical lesson is a scene in which Sakamoto, whom Takechi considers to be a traitor of loyal cause, comes to Takechi's mansion to try to ideologically control him. It begins by talking about the international political situation, foreign warships in Japanese ports and Japan, which is militarily weak to defend against them. Want to know more? Excuse me. Gosha cuts off this potentially fascinating lecture in the middle sentence (!). So much for informing his audience about the breakpoint in Japanese history. The film left me totally confused about the goals of both sides in this fight. For two and a half centuries, when the shogunate held central power in Japan, it was an institution to prevent social change, preserving the feudal relations of society. He was afraid of external contamination, ideological and technological. In the spirit of this spirit, he prohibited firearms, instruments of "balancing" in Europe and America, with which the peasant could stand samurai. During this period the Emperor was no more than a spiritual figure. But the new class of merchants, owners and craftsmen - a class known in Europe with its French name, the bourgeoisie - was developing in the cities that stood in neutral zones between feudal louffs. Inevitably, when this new class gained strength, it has disturbed many boundaries of feudal society. Just as in Europe, the king (Emperor) became the central figure in the bourgeois struggle against the feudal aristocracy. But political leadership does not always fully understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outer world with a bang, in the form of "black ships" of American Admiral Perry, arrived in 1853, the ruling elite of Japan was exposed to a crisis. Their troops were not a set for these strangers. They also heard about the disaster that British and French imperialists had caused in China. What should Japan do to save itself from the fate of its weak neighbor? Surprisingly, some of the elements within the usually isolated Shogunat have tried to open a deal with foreigners to get some of their advanced technologies. This is the view that Sakamoto represents (hardly) in the film. On the other hand, the ultra-nationalists of the emperors who represented the Takechi believed that they could hold aliens if they could only prevent the other faction "selling the land." (Sound familiar?) So the murder of the key characters Shogunate is fine - and we're gone. Takechi's motivation was the biggest puzzle for me. Gosha suggests that he fights more for his personal progress than for the Loyalist thing. Can we take it to represent tenor Loyalists as a whole? (Are you interested?) Several reviewers compared this film to the "Goyokin" that Gosha created in the same year. But where "Goyokin" is a cracked, thrilling, adventurous yarn, with a hero of sympathy, "Hitokiri" is fruitful, nowhere appealing and lacking in such a hero. Sakamoto could have been the hero of this film, but we have no way of knowing him - or what is worth it - well enough to achieve that position. Due to his excellent score for the five previous Kurosawa films, Masaru Sato's score was very disappointing, sounding like something rejected by the episode "Bonanza". <br /> <br /> Barry Freed
