This is it. That's the. This is the worst movie ever shot. At all. Fighting everything. I have never seen it worse. Take the trophy and give it to these people ..... it's no comparison. Even three days after I watched (for some reason I still do not know why), I can not believe how horrible this movie is / was. It's so bad. So far from anything that could be considered a movie, a story or something to be ever created and brought into our existence. That made me wonder if people really do well in this country. I felt disgusted with ourselves and our progress as a species in this universe. This type of film honestly hurts us as a company. We should be ashamed. I can not really emphasize that our global responsibility as people living here and creating art is that we must prevent these gross distortions of our reality for our own good. It's embarrassing. I do not know how any of these actors, writers or director of this movie would sleep at night because they knew they played a part in recording "Loaded". I do not know what kind of disgusting monsters are watching watching these types of movies. <br /> <br /> That is, I love a good "bad" movie. I love Shark Attack 3, I love Bad Taste, they are HILARIOUS. I will tell all my friends to see them because they are "bad". But this ... ... goes beyond a series of "bad" to a whole new dimension. This is unpleasant bad. That's bad when you know everything that happens, every line, every action, every death, every sequence before it happens; and not just as a second or two before, I think, after watching the first 5 minutes before. Each effect of editorial editing is carefreely used again and again to the sick point. I really never want to see the "shocking" camera "buzz rush drugs" effect or jump cuts or circular cuts or ANY FANCY CUT EVER EVER EVER. It is a carefully boring, repetitive and just an agonizing audience. But ....... and let me be specific, the most DISTURBING thing about this film is that due to the production, it seems that a really decent amount of money has actually been put into this excrement. I personally grab the director's shoulders if I ever see him and shake him to run him home and swallow two gallons of Drain-O or I'll do it for him. <br /> <br /> If we ever needed a new form of inhuman torture for our prisoners of war abroad, you just need to show them in a padded cell again and again. Believe me, I think after the 72nd session they become more extravagant methods of suicide. <br /> <br /> Stop these movies, it's just the most terrible of all aspects of our company. Please. Stop. NOW.
