(48 out of 278 people consider this remark useful and counts ...) People are those who are trying to picture and prospect - just like the intellectually hollow "idealism" that is behind Communism. His charisma and appearance have to do with his iconic position as the misinformation spread by propaganda propaganda (such as this film) about him. <br /> <br /> I do not know what's worse: captured by one of Che's killer units or had to sit after 4 hours of this typically Soderberghian garbage. The question is not why this pet project was created, but what it took for so long. Their "course" I mean left-handed Hollywood and its "secret" love for Marxist tyrants (Lenin, Castro ... take a choice). I'm fascinated by the fact that it took decades for one of Tinseltown's least talented liberal directors to finally adopt such an irresistibly propaganda project. Where was Oliver Stone all those years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Warren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand even? It's a mystery. All of these overrated "artists" often commit similar, politically unilateral projects, but Che Guevara, who is probably the most popular and best-known communist, has not yet been their film theme. > <br /> "Guerrilla" has all the features of the American true bending of the epic scale story; there are so many realistic details that are found here, just like in other similar big budget political fairy tales like "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi", almost none. Star film Del Toro as the famous Argentine revolutionary. However, however controversial and criminal of this person's behavior might be, one thing no one could take from him: it was an intelligent manipulator that came from a wealthy family - and that is why Del Toro deserves only visually. Del Toro can be an interesting and charismatic actor who can physically remind Guevara, but does not bring any intellectual qualities, and therefore makes Guevara too primitive. Casting such mediations as Bratt, Philips, and Frank Incompetente only highlights the lack of proper judgment of the director. The film is largely very slow (without surprise) and visually uninteresting. Even a director as brilliant as Kubrick would carefully consider releasing a film that goes beyond a 3-hour mark, so it's pretty clear that Soderbergh, who made only one or two solid films and soon in his career, thinks his oceanic grandeur was place. If you think the length of the film suggests that most of Che's life has been shown here, then think again. Soderbergh focuses on Che's last stage, and much of the film is boring jungle nonsense, full of the alleged Guevara idealism. (Psychopaths have no ideals.) I wonder what kind of mind this highly respected director would really have to choose to ignore some of Chea's previous lives. Did he think it was too uninteresting? The massacre of 600 people has no interest, huh? Amazing. Some much better directors than the noblemen who would like to boast would simply fit into a four-hour film not one but two complete biographies. Soderbergh, in a sense, becomes a accomplice by never addressing the negative, dark side - which is more than 90% - Guevara. By spreading this kind of historical inaccuracies, knowingly ignoring the ugly truth (God forbids that he should spoil the holy image of Che), Soderbergh does not portray himself as a humanist - a fake image that most Hollywood figures and pop stars fight very hard in their careers - but on the contrary: he cares only about ideas, never about the people on whom these ideas are tested (as with guinea pigs). Soderbergh and the like are elites of the worst kind; these people often have latent contempt for the "proleteriate" (what a stupid term) they are supposed to be dressing for. Half of all students around the world wear Cheho picture on their red and orange shirt, but without knowing why. He has become an iconic figure for helpless, uninformed, very often young people who think that having the person on their chest makes them seem "nervous", intellectual, hip, or interesting. In fact, wearing the Che shirt just underlines his total bluntness and complete self-realization. (Would you like to learn more about the person before you start advertising his face to the world?) Wearing Che is now a cliché image becoming as common as having a Bart Simpson coffee. All of these "Che-wearers" probably know about Marge's blue hair more than if they read Fidel Castro's dead ally. After what was done in the name of Marx, he would have thought that these "ideals" would finally be resting. It seems humanity will never learn. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Castro, Milosevic, Ceausescu, Iron Curtain, hundreds of millions of dead, over a billion physically and / or mentally destroyed by this system ... so nothing matters? <br /> <br /> The fact that Del Toro won the Cannes Award should only surprise those who are absolutely helpless as Cannes and other European festivals - and vote. Tip: Sean Penn headed the jury recently. <br /> <br /> For my musical tip, go to: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
