The first part, Che on Cuba, is about that part of his life. It contains too many indiscriminate battles, and Che serves too many indiscriminate injured (remember that Che was a doctor). It ends when Castro wins the revolution; Che will never get to Havana. The second part, Che in Bolivia, is probably guessing what. It contains too many indistinguishable battles, and Che explains too many indiscriminate injuries. When I realized that it was supposed to be "epic" (I never knew anything but the title before it started), I naturally thought about the greatest epic of them, Lawrence of Arabia David Lean. More of this later. He can not be a racist, but in addition to what I have already mentioned, there are too many characters who are - well - indistinguishable - unfamiliar Hispanic actors who look alike, especially since they all wear a "Che" beard and everyone wears Che fatigues. This leads to the viewer being unable to identify with anyone other than Che, Benicio del Toro (even Fidel has a very small role). While del Toro is amazing, you think of "Lawrence" with Peter O'Toole as the only recognizable character: no Alec Guinness, no Omar Sharif, no Anthony Quinn, etc. You get the idea. other characters are interchangeable, resulting in link loss. When the top Che's helpers are killed, you do not feel remorse because you do not know who they are. Even if Che is killed (I do not think it's a spoiler), there is no empathy from the audience - it's just killed. It's too one-dimensional to be human. Besides being a revolutionary and a second only Jesus in moral quality, the only thing we learn about Che is that he has married five children (he says another figure is coming to an end). What was his motivation? Complete mystery. <br /> <br /> Maybe Soderbergh deliberately clutches Lean. Like Soderbergh's Che, Lean never knows how to allow Lawrence, the secretary of Arabia. But at least Lawrence had a friend (Sharif) and co-workers (Guinness, Quinn). He was as courageous as he was uncertain - he had human qualities. Che is like a machine that is as warm as a Terminator. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of this year, another war epic affair appeared, Mongol. Che makes the Mongol look like It's a wonderful life.
