I was looking at videos for legendary reporter Joe Bob Briggs, "We're Weird." I've seen a lot of arsonists, but this was by far the worst and they were not kind for years - it remains the deadliest crime against the cinema I've ever witnessed. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally technically more competent than, say, MONSTER-A-GO-GO or THE GUY FROM HARLEM or something like that. What he claims to be the worst film of all time for me is a unique combination of bare knowledge and shaking for him. Is it a Vietnamese commentary? Ecological protest? Incitement to racism? Study of human inhumanity to man? New exercise in padding nature shot from (almost) length of features? In short, a young professional urban professional (perhaps the most dangerous screen ever) sometimes seduces a jagged Asian-American coworker into a camp in a forest with him. After dressing her with quasi-philosophical clapping in an hour, two wandering veterans, unforgettable Jarvis (righteous brother) and Troubadour (rejecting Manson's family), are passing through. Hey, plot! Tension! Action! Tension! Well, no, just the climate scene, which hangs in peace with the accompanying wire chicken basket and slightly shrinks. The victim concerned looks hopelessly at the kidnapper and murmurs: "No ... no ... please ... no ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis calls Troubadour as "Troubas" every two minutes and brings to mind nothing like a strange star Juan Juan Picquera. That's all that happens in the CAGED TERROR, and such synopsis may make it seem almost acceptable. But believe me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one, for the first eight years that I've seen it for the first time, is absolutely the worst. (I'll talk in the old video recorder once every two years to make sure I'm sure I'll do it.) I think the element that makes CAGED TERROR so particularly hateful is this: very little is happening and though little it happens quite badly and quite slowly, what really makes it inconsistent is a suffocating feeling that the creators REALLY really want to put a message on their throats. But since the CAGED TERROR is so incompetent and unsuccessful, what was meant as a civic lesson becomes a crash course in the intensive view of discomfort. This film lasts 75 minutes and lasts for three and a half hours. It's terrible, really terrible. People, believe me, I've seen GHOSTS WHO WALK AND THAT IS WONDERFUL. Go for it! Thank you. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: (In CAGED TERROR, but maybe EVER) "Yeah, well, you probably think Solomon's song was the allegory of Christ's love for the church ..." (NOTE: It must be delivered with a tone of common condensation.)
