Please write me if you want, for a minute, when I read the back of your ALLEY CAT VHS. It is said that: <br /> <br /> In this part of town every street is dead - on every corner something to buy - in each alley another way to die - To survive, you have to be the best - just like Alley Cat . Alley Cat - This lady owns her night. On the streets, where the sacrificial predators become victims, knows how to survive - cross it, and you have run out of luck. Alley Cat - This animal is excited. Now, is not this the most pathetic blurb you've ever heard in your life? Whoever wrote it must be crazy if they thought such a terrible description could make us view a video. But unfortunately, any homeless person who was responsible for the tragic use of English did his job very well. The film from a small plastic case is as bad as it sounds, and then some. <br /> <br /> Karin Mani plays a lead role and the screenplay tells her basically during each given scene: a) Strap like a goldfish b) Kick a male ass or c) Show her female 'attributes'. No complaints about the other, but for the other two .. let's say she is not a lot of an actress and even less convincing as a martial artist. But neither Meryl Streep with the body of Cynthia Rothrock (what a scary thought) would not save this film. Developing the conspiracy is a boring belief, because we are getting enough of one fearlessly directed combat succession that stops only for hysterical shuffles in the courtroom and occasional love gagging with the interesting name of Robert Torti. Working with the camera also follows a similar way of shame, with too many unnecessary details and continual mistakes. The part which in my opinion really lies in the fact that our heroine is sexually assaulted and discovers that she witnesses before a witness of a corrupt judge, while her rich boy is bullied by her from the box. Not only did he fail, despite the stunning evidence against him, but she was herself imprisoned to dare to protest the verdict against his honor. The bars have a shared shower, lesbian crushing, a few cat fights and a nice, sweaty volleyball game before being released on bail to continue the battle. This ten minute part has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, and the scenario stops to include it. I can only imagine that the producers wanted to add a little more T & A to the mix and came up with this unnecessary partial plot as a means to achieving this goal. What kind of question is this exploitative movie or serious drama? This is not my reaction to it ... it's not dirty or enough camp to appeal to fans of the Troma-style cinema, and it certainly does not make it as a study of one female struggle against the system ... purely because it's so scary. So who would want to see on earth? Lunatics, I think .. or IMDb reviewers who stay up until 3:00 pm and watch the old garbage on the box and try to sleep. Unfortunately, this happened to me occasionally, and the horrors remain with me for some time. Do not make the same mistake I made. You have hot milk or something ... 1/10
