I see a lot of positive reviews on this record, trying to revive this film from its insignificant position and the beginning of cult monitoring. I see the usual wounding - "I think this movie just is not for easy offense," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. Guess what? It was not a "Road Trip"! And I laughed during the movie! There is a way to create a rough, carefree comedy and give away laughter; and there's a way to ... just make it rough and tasteless. "Whipped" is trying to be "Swingers" without any sense or intelligence. They appear to have been written through the dull eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters in this movie are supposed to be white collars, erect citizens - and speak like some of the idiots I knew in the first grade of high school! Dialogue is tied - like drowned - in four words. Do you think people with their status will have some degree of intelligence - and more extensive vocabulary. Just watch the film Whit Stillman and see the difference. Not to mention that the dialogue is absolutely unrealistic and completely cartoon. If you know some successful, white collar businessmen who speak like characters in this movie - please let me know and imagine them. Their annoying sexual misconduct is equivalent to a standard chat between teens who have just arrived in puberty. There is absolutely no view of relationships, sex or ... something! It's just a bad excuse that has shown a number of extreme - and do not take the word "extremely" as a matter of course, because I mean it wholeheartedly - a gross gag. These are non-cloth gags. Gags that are intended more for moans than laughs. The scene at the end between Amanda Peet and her girlfriends was totally unbeatable and totally unconvincing. There are some films that involve the interaction between women who have written (straight) men and play great. This scene includes a barrage of sexual metaphors and gestures. It includes a kind of dialogue that you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of the scenes that were prominently written. I did not believe it for a moment. <br /> <br /> "Whipped" is a purely male fantasy that is as flat as it is unpleasant. He had (very) little laughter from this totally forgotten comedy, and they were probably the result of despair. If you do not mix for a long time, you are desperately looking for humor in the most dangerous things. So I do not think it positive.
