It is unlikely that anyone except those who adore silent movies will appreciate any lyric camera and the busy (but scratchy) background scores that accompany this release in 1933. Although the sound came to general use in 1928, there is no more than fifty spoken words tell the story of a woman, unhappily married, who leaves her husband for a younger man after a romantic interlude in the woods. <br /> <br /> The most vividly photographed scene has a jealous husband who leads the young man to the city and continues to run until he realizes that the man is his wife's lover. In the madness of jealousy he drives the highest speed towards the railroad crossing, but at the last moment he changes his mind, loses his nerves. It is probably the most tense scene in another definitely slow moving and apparently invented story. HEDY LAMARR received such detailed treatment that her discoverer discovered by Marlene Dietrich, but her beauty was not yet improved by cosmetic cosmetics like when they were transported to Hollywood. Her performance lies mainly in the fact that she looks sad and desperate, while she mourns the loss of her marriage only with short smiles when she finds her true love (ARIBERT MOG), a handsome young clown who picks up her clothes after a naked voyage. > <br /> The swim scene is very short, discreetly photographed, and it's not worth it. The affectionate scene, later, is also artificially photographed with the second lyrical photograph, which is evident for most of the film - artistically. More is left to imagination with the use of symbolism - and that is the kind that others claim the film is some sort of lyrical masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Not so. It's disappointing, primitively rough in its sound parts (including the demanding symphony music in the background), and certainly Miss Lamarro is lucky to see Louis B. Mayer see the film and make her career in Hollywood. He had to see something in her work, which I did not do. Obviously, it was conceived as a silent movie when the camera does all the work. The throttling "workers" scene ends at the end for too long and is a sparkling penetration where it is not needed. Can not finish the movie on the right note.
