Being a student of music myself, I thought the film that is taking place in the conservatory could be fun. I knew a little bit ... (I did not think this movie was based on the Britney Spears book) This movie was unlikely all over the world. It is obvious that the person who wrote the script never went to the Conservatory and did not know about classical music. Let me give you just a few examples: 1) NEVER ever will anyone be admitted to a classical conservatory without classical training! Just when you have nice pop voices, but besides, it's quite another thing - another genre, a different technique. It's like playing a violin when applying for a viola class. 2) How did the teacher of musical theory have been in the singing jury? If she was not a singer herself, she would not have a word in this situation, and if she was a singer, why did not we say that? 3) The ability to read music is a must if you are the main music player. 4) How did Angela get to the videotape? This would be kept confidential, only for the eyes of the jury. Now she either got a tape from one of the professors, or the screenwriters just had no idea. I wonder who ... 5) The singer professor gave Holly Carmen a song saying "she had a range," which of course not. Yes, she was able to sing music, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano while Holly's voice seemed to be much lighter in timbre, not at all compatible with the song. 6) The worst of all: The film not only shows shocking ignorance as to classical music but does not even try to hide. The aria that Angela sings is crippled for recognition, which is painfully stunning at the recital, where it is ugly truncated - Mozart returns to the grave. Habanera from Carmen sounded somewhat strangely, and the way it was arranged at the end points out how few producers really think of classical music - it's stiff and dull but hey, it adds some drums and electric guitars and it's almost like Britney Spears! I know that's all the tiny details, but it would be so easy to avoid them just a little research. In any case, I would decide to suspend my distrust if the characters and the plot were well processed. But without this, I can not really find any redemption in this movie except one: it's a good laugh.
