Here we are: two passengers from a distant futuristic world come to the ground ... one is in a desperate mission to preserve life, another is a inhumane killer designed to remove a woman who gives birth to the salvation of the whole plant. calling this killing machine? It's almost like a sort of destroyer or eradicator ... something like a exterminator or something. What is the word I'm looking for ... something that determines - things? Hmmmm .... The protector (who quickly suffers the white tunic stolen by Luke Skywalker in favor of local clothing) finds a young woman first and impregnates her hero, being. The evil uhhhh ... the "exterminator" kills some traitors and steals weapons and clothing, then tries to find a woman by visiting his workplace and asking around by threateningly looking into the eyes of people and threatening his name horrifically. <br /> <br /> Then begins a desperate survival race, because the seemingly helpless and unstoppable "exterminator" follows a couple across the countryside. At some point he can get boots and a motorcycle, but I'm not sure. Maybe in an exciting final they will try to crush them under the wheels of a huge tank full of cars. acid. Then the truck collapses. They will be saved ... but not! Then it reappears, as strong as ever before. He will kill the protector and chase the girl into a meat packaging machine, where it is terriblely pushed into a large piece of industrial cutting machines and destroyed once and for all. But maybe I add too much ... after all, I stopped watching this film after Mr. Protector magically impregnated Sean Young by kissing her at the bar and telling her that the baby would be born in 3 days. <br /> <br /> Costumes and effects are great in this movie ... I loved them for the first time I saw them on Star Trek: Next Generation too! Sean Young makes another great turn as a non-repulsive Replicant and a sweat career Stephen Baldwin is also on board as Young's Fat Cop Boy. You're not sure where to join the plot ... Maybe it's an import from another James Cameron movie?
