Unlike others, I refuse to call this pitiable excuse for the film triumph of style over the essence (I do not want to give the style a bad name). Yet it is the most natural description that comes to your mind. An unnecessary, unpleasant and ultimately pointless attack on the eyes and ears, "Wonderland" leaves a man interested only in why the film was the first and who in the right mind gave the green light to this terrible and embarrassed mess. Biography of porn star John Holmes? A study of who he was, why he went to business, and how did it affect? Great. Bound to be convincing, forced to be entertaining. Bound it to be instructive and fascinating at about a million levels (and I have zero interest in porn). But the confusing, violent, Rashomonian style study of the Holmes series of murders was associated with after his career ended up? Who's hell old? What knowledge do we gain? This film completely ignores the most interesting aspect of John Holmes's life - that porn was a star! "Wonderland" could equally concern someone: the fact that the main character is the most famous male adult movie star in history is almost insignificant. To make the matter a thousand times worse, the image is loaded with jerkoff tricks - annoying machine gun editing, sloppy Dogme-95 camera, unnecessary split screen graphics and animation, etc. In the absence of a convincing story and a unique character, the director (and I use the term freely) about a dozen technicians from other films, and decided to call the resulting mess of the film, including: the fashionable, bluish-bypass look "Narc" or "Traffic" or "minority report"; an exciting, often incomprehensible style of "Natural Born Killers" or "28 days later". musical accompaniment "Goodfellas" or "Blow"; groovy, retro title sequence "Velvet Goldmine" or "Autofocus" or "Catch Me If You Can." The list goes on and on and on. Pathetic. <br /> <br /> I would like to like this movie. I really had hope for it. "Wonderland Avenue" has been around for many years; if the context of murder was emphasized, rather than murder itself, I think it could work. If the murders (and Holmes's growing involvement with the LA types) meant the end of the career or the end of the swinging 70s, I think the movie could make sense; it could serve the purpose. As it is - insignificant. Unimportant. Who cares about how many views exist on a series of murders generally unknown to the public? The case is not so well known that he deserves such a favor. <br /> <br /> This movie was to be the third act of "The John Holmes Story". And it is done. Time. And it could work. What is it? Yeah, no, they did not want to say the traditional story of the rise and fall. They did not want to do "Boogie Nights" or "Goodfellas" or "Star 80" or "Autofocus". They wanted their film to be different. Correctly? Well, in a sense, they have succeeded. There is a big difference between these films and the "Wonderland". The difference is that movies are good. <br /> <br />
