I was thrilled to hear that eventually they were doing this horrible event in the movie. The whole era (Southern California in 1980) and the subject (drugs and porn industry) are of interest to me. I thought it would be a fire. I was not excited about choosing Kilmer as Holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical appearance or manners. I think he sells tickets? However, I was willing to overlook it and give it a decent shot. I was a little shocked by the fact that in the first theater performance I was only four other people in the theater. The whole crime and the story in the movie is hard, I admit it. There are no witnesses to this very violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a pathological liar and cared for what would happen to his family (and me) if he spoke to the police. In fact, Holmes has never been able to figure out what happened and did not solve the crime. So it was one big secret, the secret that this film did nothing to illuminate. The person who wrote the script had a lot of discretion, and most of the main characters are dead. But there is no real story, it's a shattered flap. The screenplay is bright and the actors are trying hard to lose thin thin lines overlapping. The film does not give any view of Holmes or other interested persons. Kilmer's character disappears into long stretches, his girlfriend is boring, the police is a joke. Even Kudrow is trying hard to look modest. It's a very shallow piece and I can say boring. The director even tries to turn into a love story. Which is nice if you do not know anything about what John Holmes really was. Maybe a couple helped see Anderson's "Boogie Nights". "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting in all respects. This film was on the other hand flat and without real spell or style. Even the music is out of place and Duran Duran is playing in the scene to be held in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? This terrible event could have been a great movie, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen a decent person yet (unless you see Rahad Jackson's scene from Boogie Nights).
