Takashi Shimizu had a great opportunity with the remake of his original Ju-On The Grudge. While I did not see this movie, I had to bet that there was more imagination and originality (or some stolen originality, a skill with the famous tropical Japanese Japanese film) than in my own directorial remake. Perhaps the script was written in some way, had some damning appeal, or I would have assumed accessibility for the American audience. What begins with a certain potential - something that happens very soon with the sudden move of Bill Pullman - just goes into total mixing. And like a horror film? Let's divide. Tensions could be built on the situation - the nurse will take care of a disturbed woman in a house that is scary - but undermines everything she wants to make her viewers feel. Are you scaring? How is some music timed, so you know exactly when to expect something. Black cat? Yeah, why not just do a clergy thing sounds like a cat for craze, which in fact is just scary if you want cats. Conspiracy? Why not just a shuffle between the past and the present without any hint of the real flow of the story that might be said (which means that when flashes appear and are generally organic thoughts, they are not), or for that matter we care about the ANI in the cast. <br /> <br /> At a time when the characters or those who are there are getting around to tell us what is going on or what else, it does not make sense to worry about. The film is bad (ie the 180 degree rule is interrupted many times and not repellent or interesting) and the performances are wooden even when looking at fear or shock (Gellar is disappointing, but Pullman, which appears later on his first scene, is terribly miscast) . Even if Shimizu tries to frighten an average old Boo, like a woman in an office building and persecuted by the spirit of Grudge, it's still stupid. Just look at the lift and the ghost is in the background of the shots. Either you go with it, and if you have more power or you hysterically hear the results. Remember me. <br /> <br /> I'm not quite sure where this project went wrong - was Shimizu, who had to rebuild him or not give him enough freedom for his vision? Or maybe Raimi had a word in it and made things more confusing and / or boring than they would be with someone else. Grudge gives us a lot of information that does not make sense or at least gives us a bit of horrific feed. It's a curious basket for a sad order.
