*** spoilers spoilers spoilers spoilers <br /> <br /> There are bad movies and then movies that are so terrible that they become lovingly comic in their awkwardness. That's the case with Columbia Pictures '' The Grudge. 'This movie atrocities began when another well-thought American man saw Japanese for the television film Ju-on and was inspired to edit the film in English. It began with the virtual tsunami of ill-judged decisions that traveled around the globe until she slept in Orlando on October 21, 2004 on the coast. As a prerequisite, and I use the word loosely, the house in Tokyo is a haunted, deep mum spirit, which looks like a cross between Margaret Cho and Alanis Morrisette, along with her terrible brother, a bastard, unhappy but a bad second grader. Is there anything more terrifying than a ghostly eighty-year-old Japanese boy? Sure it is! Count Chocula comes to mind. With this moody part we have to add a mysterious black cat, which I kindly named Chim Chim. (Remember Speed ​​Racer?) As you guessed, they were murdered in this death house and now they want to kill everyone who enters the campus. You see, as the Japanese detective explains, when somebody dies in rage, their spirit will try to avenge all who walk on land, as defined by the county commissioner, or something like that, I forget. <br /> <br /> The story starts literally innocently and the famous leopard Bill Pullman jumped from his balcony to death. My guess is that Bill Pullman got this job because his kids were begging him for a trip to Tokyo Disneyland. We also suffer from a slightly interesting sister of Yoko, "no, I'm not going there," screaming the audience, but unfortunately he does not perceive a terrible warning and is predictably omitted as a magic lantern. About 30 minutes into the film we finally see his American heroine Sarah Michelle Gellar as Karen. Sarah Michelle Gellar might be a competent actress, but I could not help thinking Buffy's murderous killer so disturbing. This is the equivalent of having Jennifer Anniston star in the film about the adventures of six friends in New York. Try as you can, you can not stop thinking about another project that made it famous. But I'm going to get out, Karen, her sister is hired as a replacement for the original caregiver who has disappeared with us. <br /> <br /> Snape around, meet with the clergy, die coma and other things happen. As I watched my cheerful hair, I searched for traces, I expected to find a ghost and pull out a mask to find out he was actually an old man Gower who owned a deserted amusement park! "I'd also lose it if it was not for you what's going on with your kids and your dog!" Director Takashi Shimizu, who is trying to act as Ed Wood of Asia, has made two unfortunate decisions about the sound. First, he decides to use the soundtrack only when someone is about to kill. This is a great solution for omitting any tension as the audience gets two minutes of warning to prepare for another unhappily murder. Secondly, he gave the ghosts bizarre guttural noise, which sounds like a gargle gopher. After the movie I heard several people leave the theater to make a sound and laugh. Sarah Michelle Gellar will end up being the only survivor. And, of course, we learn that the fire that intended to burn the house was lost in time to the mandatory next chapter. Taking into account the humorous reactions of the audience, they did not want to continue, but to justify. "The Grudge" can be simply reworked into a comedy, perhaps it will be valued for its value in the camp. The fact that it will be the biggest movie thriller from "Godzilla vs. Megalon". I would recommend that you wait until the film reaches the local discount theater where you can get the public mockery it deserves.
