There are plenty of great-looking people in this movie. That's probably the best thing. Maybe it's even worth watching. "Loaded" tells the story of Tristan Price (Jesse Metcalfe), a young man who is about to make his mark in the world. He is the son of a well-known family with a good name and he is on his way to a law school. But like many such settings, things are not as perfect as it seems. Expectations in this family far outweigh the love. Until the school, Tristan's father rarely lets him leave the house. It seems to be the result of a past traumatic event that shook the family, which is partly revealed through flashbacks, but is not pronounced until the end. Tristan's claustrophobic environment causes him to release him on the very first occasion in extremely extreme ways when his friends take him to the strip club to celebrate his graduation. The celebration is soon followed by several splitters back to a party on the beach and from there Tristan and Sebastian Cole (Corey Large), which attracts him to the drug store in the underworld. While it's technically well-done, this film suffers from a slim scenario and a story that is not very impressive. Also count against this film are some constant tricks cameras that generally looked uncomfortable and off-site, such as slow-motion, fast-motion, freezing frames and echos. These are the types of effects the director could normally use to portray the view of the characters in terms of drugs, except that they appear to have been sporadically cast in random places, in a cheap style attempt. <br /> <br /> Despite its relatively unknown occupancy, the performances were good everywhere, most notably with respect to the main antagonist (Corey Large). I suspect that we will see at least some of these people in the future in larger and better projects. <br /> <br /> Of course, when I mention the actors, I have to mention their appearance. Rating based on bitterness, these films reach 11. The women in this movie are incredibly looking and almost draw attention from the boring movie you watch. I'm sure the male characters are also quite attractive, but you'll have to ask someone else to comment. Overall, I can not recommend this movie, not buying or even seeing it for free. It's unfortunately not worth the effort you need to sit.
