Spectators who throw themselves on everything, including the title sequence (now it's sad), could believe that it's a movie miracle, but trust me, it's one of the most tragic bad movies, you do not have to laugh at it for five minutes, I think you've lost your sense of humor. David Niven plays a convicted and bravado-besotted RAF pilot who thinks she is fit (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love as she throws herself on her certain and fiery death. (It's not romantic ...) Of course, it's spared a metaphysical chance and washed out on the beach, just like the same air traffic controller riding his bike. (Immediately they rise). Looking at the bizarre homoerotic overtones (so over the top is really needed to be labeled as a supertext, from a naked boy who sits naked, in the sand films is a Twilight-Zone-esquire theme on his little flute, to a heavenly messenger, so campy / queen-y his makeup is caked more thoroughly than the ladies), the most bizarre aspects of the film are how to weave such bad cartoons of national and racial stereotypes into a complicated attempt to guess some point about the universal nature and the power of love. We got it - look at the boys as girls in the skirt and the heels and girls like it back and apparently all you have to do is cry a little to be so exalted that your movie gets 10 stars on IMDb ... <br /> <br /> With regard to production quality, continuity / editing is weak enough to induce cringing and lighting is even worse than that, but hardly you have time to notice it because the script is so bad. Are games playable with Technicolor, (whatever goes for the sky is in black and white when you can figure out the point in it), and the precursor, (so funny my fellow audience member who usually likes movies like it really cheered and laughed when the doctor's motorcycle eventually ended in a fire wreck) and motion freezing (which is the most fun of all because female lead is so poor when you know you know that the riding hands have been exhausted from the camera). <br /> <br /> The best shots are early on the beach, but then it's all downhill. The staircase (moving like an escalator is moving) is hardly a step away from Odessa, and at least I would like someone to feel as though she had to see this chaotic attempt to shoot a movie on their behalf. The whole movie is so bad that it's fun, and that's the best I can say to it.
