At any moment, a group of friends, with minimal budget, but with enthusiasm and talent, will create a low-budget masterpiece that will capture the world of horror with a thunderstorm. Raimi et al. he did it with The Evil Dead, Jackson and his friends did Bad Taste; and Myrick and Sanchez made a mint with The Blair Witch Project. But director Todd Sheets and his buddies are determined to be forever curious in a relatively unknown situation if Zombie Bloodbath has gone through something. A lesson about how not to do a lion's horror is a reminder that while many people nowadays have access to the camcorder, most should not have their own story to try their hand in making a feature film film. It is not that the leaves do not have the eye for a nicely framed shot (some of its angles and camera movements are really nice good), but rather that a) has a miserable scenario b) has a miserable cast c) does not realize he has a bad scenario and cast . Which means the last movie is extremely amateur, and it is unlikely that anyone can watch it by anyone other than zombie filmmakers (like me) or members of the cast and crew (like those who gave the film favorable comments). <br /> <br /> Zombie Bloodbath is, of course, focused on undiscriminating gore-hounds, and Sheets (who currently has an incredible 34 titles under his band as a director) surely goes out of his way to pleasure, with buckets of guts and blood, which he throws at every opportunity. But even if these moments are undoubtedly irritated, they are not too convincing and will soon be rather lengthy. So, summarize, it's really a bad movie with almost no redeemed features. With the exception of two: <br /> <br /> First, it is the only maize in the history of the movie as sporting Jerry Angell, who plays Larry (as well as a few zombies). The grandeur of his barnet (coupled with the attracting mustache) is the reason why this film looks. <br /> <br /> Secondly, he has a "pathetic stealth zombie": corpse bodies waiting for unfortunate victims to wander before jumping out of their hiding place to launch a weak attack from which almost no effort is required to escape. Best known for lurking at the door for several hours, waiting for someone to open it, "frantic secret zombies" also sometimes hide behind low walls or sit in churches that are members of the congregation. Normally, this bad movie should get 1/10 for me, but in celebration of Jerry Angelo's running castles I will generously increase my rating to 2/10.
