Well, what are the chances! At the exact moment when several amateur backstage scientists discover cave paintings suggesting that some kind of dinosaur monsters could inhabit this area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor hits the lake and spills the monster of the egg that hung there spontaneously? for over a thousand years, I suppose! "Monster Lake Crater" is a movie that must literally be believed, but it is better to do it in the company of many friends and piles of ganja to make it useful to spend a bit better. Yes, it is a terrible movie that can be imagined as the most important scenario that can be imagined and numerous irrelevant interludes that are totally embarrassing but also irresistibly charming and so clumsily connected that you just have to love some love for him. Half of the movie? at least ?? turns to the miserable adventures of Arnie and Mitch. These two local yokels own and operate a boat rental business on the lake, but spend most of their time nose and speculate on fascinating things like spelling the word "bait". It is mostly during their prototype Laurel & Hardy situation that new blood pools or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. Steve Hanson, a heroic but not exactly sharp sheriff, is in that case, but only if he is not too busy persecuting large city heroes traveling around the area. In the middle of the movie, suddenly, there is a sudden scene about how a thief was driving out alcohol and killing two people in the process. This WTF textbook appears to be on the other side of the country, like in New York or something similar, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events in Crater Lake. Just twenty minutes later, a robber appeared in Hicksville, and the "exciting" persecution appeared in the woods that ended in Dina's hungry head. The absurd small details in the "Crater Lake Monster" are too many to mention! For example, it's probably the only one in which gamers find a mandatory giant trail after they've discovered a real monster. Continuity guidelines should be legendary for me. It's like everyone forgot to pay attention to it. Does the night change on the day at dusk and back to dusk? all during one day course! Monster is undoubtedly the best aspect of the film, especially because it is achieved by good old-fashioned and adorable stop-motion effects. The cute creature is Plesiosaur; which means a water dinosaur that looks like a cross between Denver's last dinosaur and the alligator. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and unforgettable movie experience that I can only encourage to watch! A bad rating of 1 out of 10 is just a matter of principle (and because it's basically a very bad movie), it should be put into perspective, because I could give it 10 out of 10 in total fun.
