**** Do not read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of "Monster Lake Crater" to be a complete surprise **** burning plesiosaur pincers rising from the depths of Crater Lake causing a trigger in a group of local July, not to mention your fast forward button. To call "Crater Lake Monster", the amateur is overcoming the obvious. If you are not a fan of low-budget movies, you probably do not have a look at it. The problem with the film is that when there is no action, it's really upset and it's not going anywhere. The script is very ed Wood-ish, in that it is totally devised in the way it sets the main sequence of actions. Nothing is too bizarre for the "crater lake monster". This explains his dinosaur by crashing the meteor into the crater lake, "overheating" the water to the point where he incubates the dinosaur eggs that apparently have been resting on the bottom of the lake for millennia. Even if we could accept that the egg could lie there for so long and remain exposed and viable, will not "overheat" the water at such a high temperature that most of the lake evaporates? Apart from some tokens in one or two scenes, we do not see any evidence that the water is hot, except for a few lines in the script. The scenario is probably more likely to be plotted in several sequences, and will do anything to get the characters near the lake to be endangered by jam from the cave. The couple is just passing through the automobile problem and during their service they decide to rent a boat and go to the crater lake. Hmmmm ... do you think these strangers in the story could be there to get into our monstrosity title? In a sequence that is simply bizarre, drunk steals the alcohol store and decides to murder the treasurer and the surrounding man instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of booze. The car runs out and does not want to know ... it ends right at the lake. Refreshments for Cratey! Yeah, it's not hard to figure out, and you're so far ahead of the script that you're irritated when it takes ten more minutes for these scenes to unfold. The courage is all, and I really like "Monster Crater Lake". I can not do it. There is not enough to go on, and it is more of a movie you can take during a party, because you could talk about it exactly and it would not matter. <br /> <br /> The film has a thin list of things that come to it, the most important is the dinosaur itself, which appears in three forms: a shadow puppet, a large model head that drew water and a fully realized claymation insert, which really looks pretty good. There are also a few nice hicks in it, and they carry most of the intentional humor in the movie. A shortened ending leaves us the sadness of death as a monster and one of our beloved hic, so every good thing about this movie is dead at the end of his death. Why was I so negative? Was it a grieving song that played over the final credits? Or did I just cry in while I was losing watching movies like this?
