I have never understood why some people do not like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance figures and increased emotions - what do they dislike? What I did not realize was that I saw Bollywood's top bark. Then I watched "Garam Masala". From the first scene I found out that this is not the movie I want (the film opens with the assembly of two conductors running around the city and apparently happens with a series of photographic sets of populated gyration models), but I hoped things would improve. Sad, no. The main problem is that the two protagonists, Mac & Sam, are totally unhappy. They spent the entire film on women - and brutally lying - to get them in bed, and the audience would find this funny and be enchanted. The boys are ruthless and insolent and not loving. The Mac even goes so far as to have one of the women drugs to keep it from discovering his cheating. The script is extremely bad, with repetitive scenes, settings that never make use of anything, and illogical actions and character statements. In fact, the characters never evolved. Men are embarrassed, greedy predators and women only mutually interchangeably beautiful. If you go with this film, you think that "hostesses of the air" are quite easy to go from person to person. In fact, betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only clear spots I found in the movie were one dance number that had great sets and several slapstick moments that included French farce and killed aspects of the story. Bollywood Dances are better enjoyed in the films choosed by Farah Khan, and for the script you could go straight to the silent comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, which seemed to have influenced the writer and director Priyadarshan a little. Priyadarshan also took a fake credit for inventing the story: the basic assumption of the land is stolen from the 1960s "Boeing Boeing". The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is nowhere to be credited. At least Priyadarshan changed the title for this remake, rather than carelessly using the original without giving credit, as he did in his 1985 version of the same story. (According to the IMDb loan list)
