Based on the average story of horror writer Stephen King about so-called Sleepwalkers of ancient and immortal cat-creative creatures that pluck out life from a virgin so that it can sustain them. They have supernatural abilities - they can calm themselves down "which means they become invisible and can create subliminal miracles to deceive people They were running away from people in the hundreds of years we were told and one after the other was ruled out until there were only two. , when a beautiful mother and her son arrive in a sleepy town are the last of the sailors and they are on the vagaries for the virgins to feed themselves. The mother sends her son to enroll at the local high school to find a virgin (Madchen Amick) and it tries to get her alone to dry it It's not clear why a mother can not look for a virgin herself - it would make things much easier to imagine because teenage boys are much better suited to watching an older beautiful woman on a secluded area than a teenage girl followed by a teenager But his plans are frustrated when the girl fights back and apples in the pencil's ear. on a hunt is on!. The son is sick of his injuries, so the mother continues to rampage killing cops left and right in the hunt for the girl who hurt his son and broke some painfully dysfunctional middle lining of blood. Eventually the girl kills the end of the movie. This movie is nonsense! The effects differ from the average Brian Krause to the outstanding Alice Krige. Special effects are average and show some early computer effects, which is slightly interesting as it shows how far these things have progressed in such a short time. The direction is confused and the film falls into the camp in places. The director seems unconscious if we can talk or concentrate on them, and when doubts allow the film to become hysterical. Stephen King makes slightly funny portraits as an annoying gardener, just like Mark Hamill as a confused cop. Alice Krige seems to be on the beach, her figure is deep and shows what could be a better screen scenario and a better direction.
