... And if you see this pile of bullshit, you will not be surprised that it was not published !!!!!!!! SPOILERS !!!! <br /> <br /> This is a terrible movie according to any standards, but when I point out that this is one of the worst films that Stephen King has in credits, you can imagine how bad it is. The film starts with two characters who look openly to the horror: "God, what happened?" "I do not know but they hate cats" * * <br /> <br /> The camera looks out of the house where there are hundreds of cats stricken to the dead. The boy is right, someone hates cats, and with such a response he should be a policeman. Oh, wait a while, there's a cop and when the movie starts with a cop make oh so obvious observation you know you watch a bad movie The reason why SLEEPWALKERS is bad is that it's very illogical and confused. Finally, we find that the monsters of the title need the blood of the virgin to survive. Would not it be better to find a virgin on a bible strip in the middle of the west than on a US coastal city? We said we at least know about the moonsters of monsters - That's the only thing we learn. We will never know how they can change shape, or they can make cars invisible and this glass with the end that seems to be stolen from the TERMINATOR. Monster mother walks around by killing several cops with bare hands or throwing them over a police handgun (!). But if her breed is immortal from police fire, why do creatures need the ability to change shape or become invisible? The disappearance of the creature is equally unthinkable because it was killed by a mass attack of domestic cats. If they can be killed by cats, why do not monsters die all the cats that lay around the garden? There was a whole horda of moggies sitting around, but monsters never thought about killing them. I think it's like the production team can come up with an end. It was that they started the film, my complaint is based on several scenes where famous horror film directors such as John Landis, Clive Barker, and even Stephen King are making buddies. I think the reason is that whenever a fighter who has read a script, he immediately decided that despite the fact that he did not appear in the movie so Stephen King had to call his horror comrades to fill the filming. So it's a bad SLEEPWALKERS <br /> <br /> * Unbelievable, it does not seem to be the worst line in the movie. The worst is - "That cat saved my life"
