So, the Chill Network on Cable has "Vampire Month", I'm such a dork, but I love vampires. So after a few bagpipes they showed I was quite disappointed, but then I noticed that Sleepwalkers wrote Stephen King. So I decided to go on and check it out, and to my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most of Stephen King's movies are fun and some are very scary. While the Sleepwalkers were bad, it was pretty bad. I had a good time laughing at this movie and it was just for what it was. I have never read Sleepwalkers, from what I understand is the only real vampire story from the King so I can not really compare the book to the movie. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like it was for television. The extraordinary effects were furious and the story was a bit of a bit, though it was fantasy, it had a lot of problems. Charles Brady and his mother Maria are vampires who feed on the lives of virgin women. They are more resilient than humans and have the power of telekinesis and illusion. Their only weakness is their cats, who not only see through their illusions but whose claws are capable of causing serious to fatal wounds. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary settled in the small town of Indiana. Charles attends a local school and meets Tanya Robertson in her class of creative writing. Tanya does not doubt the real reason why Charles wanted so much; to take the life force for her mother who is starving. At first, it seems that Karl fell in love with Tanya. But on the first birthday picnic at a nearby cemetery, Charles tries to derive the life force from Tanya and kiss her. As it happened, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to force Charles to exceed permitted speeds, drives the cemetery and records Charles's car. When Tanya approaches him, Charles watches Andy and kills him. When Charles turns around to come back to life-exhaustively-by exhausting the Tanya session, the Clovis, a deputy cat, approaches and almost kills Charles by scratching his face and chest. Clovis was injured, Charles returned home to Mary. Mary then tries to revenge the Tanya family. <br /> <br /> So, to quantify this movie, you should expect the cheese to overflow. The scene where Karl first attacks Tanya is very cliché and you almost vote for winning just because Tanya is one of the deepest women in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoot her at the police car and somehow the whole thing explodes. God blesses Hollywood explosions and exaggerations. I'm going to take a movie for what it is, it's so delicious that it turns into a dark comedy I can enjoy. I'm not sure if Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he's got a typical film in the movie. So, my recommendation, if you look at this movie, just remember it and do not forget it, it's soulless fun with horror effects, bad casting, a stupid story and enough cats to make the mad cat out of The Simpsons say "Wow, that's lots of cats ". 4/10
