I liked Batman: Dead End. The dark, irritated film legs for Batman were perfect. Batman: Dead End is good. It is not possible. <br /> <br /> First let me start acting. None of that is so good. Best would probably be Clark Bartram as Batman. But he does not say much. He is good at first sight, and then you realize he is what he is, the creator of the body, who becomes an acceptable actor. But the main problem is that Batman does not belong to the daylight, it looks like some strange run in the bat. Instead of a terribly scarred man trying to make up for past mistakes. Daylight also reveals the irritating bumps on Bartram's face, which is unlikely in the Batman: Dead End and is unstoppable, probably due to the darkness that is so desirable in this trailer. It seems that Bartram thinks he is sorry and stubbornly shakes his head, it's not, it's the other way around. It's said she's posing, something that real actors avoid as an epidemic. Something I've never understood why Collora has made bodybuilders as a guideline. It's much more sensible to give the role to the actor who can do it, instead of who can handle it, but HEY TO LOOKS TO LIKE COMIC! Of course, it might be better if Collor's diary was not too desirable. The entire trailer (yes, a trailer, not a feature film) is a more focused Superman then Batman. But everything on Superman's side is humming, claying, and amateur. Michael O'Hearn (Superman) is one of the worst actors I've ever seen. She's around, she's smiling, she's saying series. That's about it. Although I'm not surprised because she is just a bodybuilder, they hired and maybe got a few acting lessons. Again I say to Collor, Cast ACTORS. No bodybuilders. Actors will be far more convincing to forgive the fact that they do not look exactly like a comic book. <br /> <br /> The costume is what you would expect from Superman. As for the Batman suit. I think it looks good only in the dark. I say that because in some shots the suit looks like something you would buy from the Halloween gift shop. <br /> <br /> Superman flies in this movie. But that's not a good thing. These shots are primarily amateur. That and lots of the whole "movie" looks like it was filmed in her backyard with a VHS camera. The best shots are Superman's shot, which captured the car in his hands. And the final shot of the Pair and Batman at the very end. For those of you who saw a trailer. You know what I'm talking about. Now, if he could just pull that shot across the trailer. Finally, I ask. Why, if you're trying to show your director's ability, are you going to make a trailer like a short film? This can not be proved when it comes to the real story of the director. My only advice for Collor is here, there is a difference between the ability to tell the story and be able to work in marketing. <br /> <br /> Batman: Dead End did not feel amateur. I can not figure out where it was wrong.
