Let me start this review by saying this: I love vampire movies. They can suck (I intended to think) and I still love them because vampires are just great in movies. Van Helsing, whom many considered to be a bunch of bullshit, was pleased to be vampires. You may ask, "What does that have to do with this movie?" The answer is that I intend to let you know how horrible this film really is that even a sucker (harharhar) for vampire movies like me can scorn this movie. Film stars Van Helsing, a university professor who is not convincing at all. He's a terrible actor, like everyone else in this movie, and he wrote it to add salt to the wound. Honestly, that does not mean I'm offending him, and I'm sure everyone was having fun doing this movie, but they were looking really painful. I'm not sure why I was watching the whole thing; Perhaps it was a morbid fascination, as if you were looking at an impending train crash: it is terrible, but you can not force yourself to turn away. His main mistake is that it's just boring and his plot is so ridiculous, even for sci-fi horror film. But I turned away. By the way, Van Helsing has sex with his mother. Of course he does not know it is at that time; he just thinks he's one of his students (which is still illegal and all but not as disgusting and scary). If I was Van Helsing, I would at least have pulled the Oedipus myself when I found it. I did something so crude. It would be a fun thing if he did something about it, but not. The point is not raised by any of the characters. It's like the writer did not think about it at all. I would like to have at least one other character who would laugh at him and say "Ha ha, you had sex with your mother", which would be slightly humorous (though inadvertently immature). I'm probably exhausted, so a few words to deter you from seeing this movie: it's a vampire ninja fight with an old man. It would be funny, but the creators expect us to take it seriously. It's not even a very watchful film watching to find out how bad it is. Stay away, far from it, if you appreciate your time at all. I say one thing positive about the movie: the one who plays Van Helsing is pretty cute with his knife. It's like, a long long segment where it swings around the knife and actually does some pretty tricks. It would be boring in any other movie, but here, sadly, it was the summit.
