I have to agree with some other notes and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this movie worked, absolutely nothing. Delmar our central character makes a decision to become a replacement mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but along the way to fall for a wise former jailbird. At the same time her friend Hortensia tries to get her legal friend to finally marry her. She also sleeps with Marlon, who desperately falls in love with her. Then is Delmar's brother Jethro, who joins a former drug addict, Missy, who reveals that he is sexually abused by her adopted father. On the edge we also have an excentricmother who has an assortment of equally weird friends, one of which dies on the sofa at the beginning of the movie. So far, it's good, but after the introduction of these characters and stories about life, death, grief and love in the first half, the film is losing its direction. <br /> <br /> If the writer chose only one or two characters and allowed us to follow their stories, maybe it would be okay but the same time on the screen is given to everyone with the result that no story or character is fully developed . For example, why does Delmar think she can hand over her child in exchange for money, especially when future parents are a haunted bigot lawyer and his half-groom and depressed wife? Why is Hortensia so desperate that he married a man who is a jerk and clearly does not like her? How can Missy kick off his coke habits overnight? Is Jethro regularly attracted to women with immense problems or is Missy an exception? Was mother Delmar and Jethro always on an eccentric side, or is this a newer development? Why is Jethro so strong on Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend years in prison for stealing the car, a relatively minor crime? How can Delmar succeed in ending the birth of a child of Moses when there is no hint that they ever have sex? <br /> <br /> These questions appear in the script but are sadly never answered. I can only assume that the original novel was answered, so the writer felt the need to include it in the script. Big mistake. The loss of several subplots, especially Hortense and Marlon's, which does nothing to the overall film, would greatly tighten things up and give more time to develop the characters Delmar, Jethro, and Moses who are clearly more central to stories and themes than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add the most important overhead style that is seen outside the average solo opera, and the result is a huge untapped opportunity for everyone, including Jorhy Fox, who is trying to rise above the material. I'm not surprised that it seems to be the director's last film because this effort does not show any evidence of visual style or the ability to say a moving and intelligent story.
