This movie is not rock, as others say. I found it really boring and stupid. The story is about this metal highschool who prays this really bad singer of heavy metal. The singer dies, but before making one last album to be played over the radio, of course at midnight on Halloween (which would actually make it on November 1, a much less powerful date to be sure). The child gets a copy of the record and contains secret hidden replay messages. It's also the key that opens the door so that a really bad metal singer can come back to bring the world into confusion and death. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror film, but rather a special school after school. We see a metal kid (outsider) over and over again with the most popular kids. And he can not learn the most important lesson in college films: When you cold kids who get you hot, suddenly invites you to party, DO NOT ALLOW! It's a trap. Especially when it's a social party. Somebody surprised when he ended up in the water? It was such an extraordinary school that I was still waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to appear and teach Jody Foster's lesson. So back to the horror part of the movie. So the metal child gets some power, and instead of using it to kill boys from the rapists (which would make much more sense), he scared and tried to protect all injured boys and girls from harm. What? A sensitive hero? What kind of fun is in a horror movie? Thanks to good Carrie White did not do this lesson. In fact, they try to prevent the music from playing Halloween Dance, a music that could unleash the power to kill all the children that were right for him. If it was me, I'd give it music and speech. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is about this metal boy around town trying to kill the terrible metal star he idolized. Why partner with him and really do some damage. Why are you asking? She seems to be in love with one of the popular girls and does not want to hurt her ... more suitable for the movie Molly Ringwald. Is it a horror movie or an episode of beauty and beast? The film just goes on and on, without fear, horror, or something worth watching. If you went to high school in the late 1980s, as I did it, it's funny when I have some memories of fashion and big hair, but it's for this movie. Skip it and stay at home and listen to some KISS.
