Antonioni, taking this film, assumed the role of Papa Smurf all small long-haired, American radical students - the Smurfs. He took them under the leading protection of their European Communist wings, showing appreciation and support for their confused American paths. (These shims are red and have a blue color, not the other way round.) The Radical Smolians were happy to have the leadership of a wise old gray-haired man who regularly passes to the God of all long-haired Smurfs, Lenin's Communist - another wise old man whose chin did Smurfy he took even more seriously, for it symbolized something wisely, even though they did not know why they thought the beard was such a deep influence on them. Castro, another wise bearded man, often took advantage of this confusion and radiated magical powers with his beard over his naive miraculous admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: Does the beast have a certain-not-sais-pas-quoi about wanting to immediately accept Marx and his beautiful, pacifist teachings?) The film begins with a confused encounter with radically stupid radical students who engage in dialogues, which really define the word "confused". Just as confusion as the blind fall of a falling story into a bottomless pit. Suddenly, the movie "hero" (well, Antonionin's hero) rises and talks to his horrific left-wing peers and leaves, hoping that this "mega-coolness" image improves his image of James Dean and greatly increases his chances of getting the best "chickens" the next mass hippie orgy. Finally, he gets into trouble with the cops (ie the Pigs) during the rally and spends the film under the blue American capitalist sky and is looking for freedom? Or something like that. Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or had) nothing new to offer; (and what's wrong with Antonioni's films being made?), and endless footage of television commercials and billboards that promote fire morale decadent products for a disgusting, a selfish and greedy right-wing population who thinks no one apart from themselves, their families, their work, and their children. Papa Smurf Antonioni, as well as his long gray and emeralds from the late 1960s, did not notice the most obvious and most important aspect of their stupid movement: they were allowed to their mixed meetings and freely express their opinions against settling inside the facility itself while students in those countries , whose left-wing systems admired, were not (and still are not). By far the greatest irony about the hippies - and of course Antonioni has also failed to realize (his judgment is overwhelmed by cocaine and the influx of LSD) - it is that the hippies were (are) the remnants of capitalism. That's an incredible irony. Only in a successful capitalist system can you find a species called "hippie"; a corrupt, ungrateful and selfish group of defunct middle and upper middle classes. The film itself seems to continue forever. Antonioni has his sweet time by continuing with him, and it includes long scenes of uselessness, a high dullness factor. His attempts at symbolism are unpleasant and sad. His statements are, at best, very dubious. This film is Antonioni's way of saying that a violent revolution is a solution. And that's what we get from an old, saturated, dirty, rich, fat filmmaker who lives in villas and dinners at the finest French and Italian restaurants. I do not remember seeing some great Western film about the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when one western student gets shot, Che Guevara waves his face to all our faces, we get ten major films about it all at once. I think it means Chinese lives a thousand times less than the Western one? "<br /> <br /> If you are a neo-hippy Marxist and do not like this terrible review, please click on the" NO "button below.
