In his 1966 "Blow Up" film, Antonioni had a hero of truth in the background of British young demonstrators. By putting these questions on the fabric of the hippie youth movement, Antonioni deliberately or did not believe the effectiveness of these organizations. How can you fight for a thing, if what you think is true can actually be a lie? On the other hand, the film said that we must fight and actively challenge what we see precisely because others can deceive us with false images and false truths. Although the hippie aspects were the most shiny parts of "Blow Up," they created a nice texture and gave the film more meaning than it might otherwise have. It was a very careful and mature little movie. With "Zabriskie Point" Antonioni discards all the ambiguities and subtleties of "Blow Up" and is full of blown hippies. The result is a film full of bad metaphors, silly ideas, and a tough storytelling story. How could anyone who has such a limitation and news in his career be so stupid? The film opens with a nice series of close ups when we watch a group of radicals who are discussing the importance of the revolution. Suddenly one man (Mark) gets up and leaves. He hates the rigid and proper nature of the revolution. Recognizes that while revolutionaries are fighting for freedom, to associate themselves with such a militant cause is effectively to give up your freedom. And like Jack Nicholson in The Passenger, Mark wants to be free. As such, Mark buys a gun and goes solo. They do not take orders from anyone. When police attack his university campus, Mark shoots a guy and escapes. Then he runs to a nearby airport, steals a small private plane and flies into the desert. Antonioni considers the desert a peaceful utopia and contrasts with ruthlessly capitalist cities, their billboards and hollow modern appliances. He sees the desert as a kind of Eden Gardens. <br /> <br /> In the desert, Mark meets Daria and falls in love quickly. Antonioni then makes us a ridiculous sex scene in which hundreds of hippies have sex in the sand. Without restrictions from modern life, these tree followers and student radicals can celebrate their individualism by rocking the sun. The film ends when Mark dies, and Daria imagines that the estate is going to explode and has a magnificent reputation for the homes of wealthy capitalists who have killed him. This is Antonioni's call for his audience. Raise weapons, spicy and explosives, he says. Wipe the walls down before they take you! <br /> <br /> The film, of course, had no effect on its audience. They recognized the "Zabriskieho point" as just another business trial of radicality. Something of commodified radicalism. It was untrue and twisted. <br /> <br /> The film is thematically stupid. Antonioni basically says that if you are dissatisfied with the modern world and the fat cats that abuse you, you either escape into the desert (Mark) or actively fight the system (Daria). That's all good and good. Although artists are constantly warning us of such dystopian nightmares, we are usually unable to show how to efficiently manage change. Like the end of the "fighting club," nihilism and violence do nothing. In the real world, social changes are rather encouraged by modest inventors, who are predestined by minor technological advances. I mean what freed women more than contraceptives? 3/10 - Very bad movie. The problem is that Antonioni does not really believe in a rebellion. He is a calm and contemplative man. Introvert, who seemed to have created an extroverted film, just to gain the extra controversy piety that had come to his older film "Blow Up." As such, "Zabrinskie Point" comes across as a very demanding and stupid film. He is basically a 50-year-old man who says, "Look at me, I'm a brave rebel!" There are many films in which the audience is encouraged to fight the "system," but they all fall into one of four categories. In the first category, you have movies like "Network", "Cool Hand Luke", "Kukka Nest" and "Spartacus". All this shows that the life of freedom fighters ends in failure, although in any case the "spirit of the revolution" survives. The message is that you can not influence change, but by dying or failing, the martyrdom survives the optimistic concept of change. In essence, we must continue to fail rather than give up hope. <br /> <br /> Then you have movies like "Fight Club", "Zabriskie Point" and "Falling Down", which simply invite you to explode. Cut it all down. Blow it all up. Everything is a lie, so you could go out the gun. These films evolve from angry, reactionary feelings, rather than any sense. <br /> <br /> Then you have a "flight, rather than a fight" category. Terrence Malick and Antonioni are masters of this genre. Films like "Travelers", "Red Desert" and "Badlands" show that human beings are running from worlds they do not like and forged islands or peaceful paradise for themselves. Both directors are pessimistic because Malick has its islands destroyed and Antonioni has its islands that offer no sense of luck or solution. Then you have the fourth category. Films like Donnersmarck "The Life of Others," Ashby's "Bound For Glory," and Kubrick's "A Clockwork Orange," consider artists to be the force of change and rebellion. In these dystopian worlds, where everyone is satisfied with the slave of the state, creativity and freedom of the artist / criminal's will is intact, keeping the system under control. Just out of the herd you create waves. Your comments, actions and critical eye challenge the status quo. Donnersmarck's film as such has writers and artists to undermine Nazi Germany, while Kubrick has Alexa artist / criminal Nazi Nazi drugs, a picture of the city in blood and sperm.
