Incorrect sequel to a great extent concerns credibility as a diabolical sociopath Stanley Kaldwell returns this time infiltrative filmmaking of the novel he wrote for garden drowning, assuming it is the identity of the second director he murdered. The movie cries out cheerful fun in Hollywood and a tongue-cheek script that shoots tyrannical directors sleeping with their actresses (looking for a way up the ladder), and they do not like to call them a complete spotlight. Brian Krause, whom I thought was terrible and crossed a point where he did not know that satire was incredibly compelled, shows a loud lively director who does not like the fact that his second director and screenwriter Alison (played by Dahlia Salem) they seem to take over production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, who is the victim of the first film. The dark humor of this film takes over the idea of ​​a serial killer who actually acts as director of a movie set and uses it for what is worth it. Nelson again relentlessly slides back into his psychic role and Stanley is as clever as ever before, using his brains to drive film production and killing anyone he needs to retain full control over his work and leave in his so much that Alison he does not realize who Stanley really is. Alison is a type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject ... what motivated Stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing and lead such a man on that dark journey? Humor Alison, who really works with this man, is also part of the satire in the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you will get an inevitable conflict between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous, incredible conclusion about the killer's fate (a rather hard pill he would swallow). Unlike the first film shot with sophisticated shine, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not needed (like shooting all sorts of strange angles, slow septic motion, and a few examples captured on the video) and somewhat bother instead of impressing. This sequel, for me, was not the same as the original, with a lot of humor less effective and clearer.
