Do you need a lesson in clean, abject failure? Look beyond the "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", a fearsome, dirty, shameful gust. As we all know, dignified supporters tend to kiss terrible, terrible offspring: "Halloween" has begun many, many bad 80 film slasher; "Mad Max" has begun many, bad 80s "futuristic wasteland fantasy" flicks; and "Conan Barbar" paid a whole host of terrible, terrible, incredibly bad 80s of swords and wizards. The "wizards of the lost kingdom" shake the bottom of the 80th barrel, which is really insulting for barrels. The young runt named Simon once again captured his "good kingdom" from the evil sorcerer with the help of a hairy rug, garden gnomus, the upper birch of the mermaid, and the weary-looking crazy Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force"), a long b-moon muscular man, seems barely able to swing his aluminum sword. However, he can defeat the forces of evil that consist of the evil wizard, "Shurka," and his army of badly costumed monsters, giants and trivia. At one point, he attacks the string of paper, but he eats a half of his hidden sock puppet, pitifully presented as a dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can be politely described as bits of scenes that have been drawn from the floor of the Chiefs of Faulty Thieves, stitched together in a hopeful hope that the scene of the film will be raised and enthusiastically told by a guy who will never appear. Words can not correctly transfer the laziness of this film; Producers probably spent Moore Moolah, who fed Svenson's ever-expanding arm rather than the cheese fx of this shot. And we're talking Brie, people ...: = 8P Director Hector Oliver ("Barbarian Queen") presents this mish-mash in a hopelessly confused, confused and cliché way that destroys any possible sign of a clear, linear narrative. The game is frightening, the production levels are under the shoes, and the conspiracy is one tired cliché after the other than our tired eyes. That they actually did the sequel (!!!) makes MooCow brain swirl. James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock"), the cheese moosic from "The Battle of the Stars" was picked up, screamed and kicked and ruthlessly overcooked on this turkey - he bet he did not appear on his biography. People, you have to see to believe it. MooCow says it's rento when there's nothing else you should watch, well, it's fun moore than watching the dust bunnies. Barely. : = 8P
