What we have here is an absolutely amazing work of incompetence from the 1980s, which makes it impossible for even the greatest trash expert to talk! The "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a very cheap and charismatic fantasy / Sword-and-Magic adventure that does not have a real plot but lends impatiently and immorally elements from other movies. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Oliver (who?) They watched a similar type of movie to know they needed a handful of basic characters, but they probably thought everyone else would follow automatically. To do fantasy-adventure, you need: one super evil villain (best with a black cloak), one young hero in training, one lonely warrior, one kind of hairy pet, one wise dwarf living in the forest) and the whole colorful collection of hideous demons , enslaved dwarfs and winged gargoyles that serve as fillers. The story is phenomenal and so original because Simon, the young son of a wizard, had to flee from his beloved kingdom after the evil wizard Shurk took power and killed the king. Simon wants to come back and save people, but he needs his strong ring that he lost in his escape. Simon is confronted by the only fighter, Kore (usually the cold-man Bo Svenson, who obviously needed paid control), who helps Simon in a long and devastating journey full of misery, dangerous encounters, and magical showdowns. The fact that it does not sound too bad yet, but that's simply because I have excluded all the deliciously small details. For example, Simon has a best friend named Gulfax. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacky and raises uncontrollable giggles whenever he opens his pudgy muzzle to try something inconceivable. Obstructions on the way back home are horribly irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as padding padding to mask the lack of real content. Simon has a spooky vision inside the tent of a suspect forest nymph, Kor stares old scores with an angry enemy whose sister has refused to marry, and there is a terrible "suicide cave" where you can only sing your way. But the absolute most unevenly brilliant sequence? not only the film itself but also the history of the film? includes the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes the legendary brave warriors and hopes to help them in the battle, but rotting corpses take only a few paces, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. And it is done! So much for the zombies! The best sequences ever! I could continue the list of unintentively cheerful little details for a few more paragraphs, but you get an idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is an extremely confused film "So-Bad-Is-Good". Word of advice: Do not watch this joyous piece of junk mail. Invite your friends, preferably those who have a bad sense of humor, and watch it in the group. Will it be the night you remember?
