From the very beginning, you know that this is Sam Sherman's film more than the Al Adamson film, because in credits, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in letters as large as the title credit. Not only did Mr. Sherman collaborate with the script, and his idea was used by Bob Livingstone, the 69-year-old western star of the Hollywood age, to be his male lead in the picture Sherman believed about the recent success of the Swinging Stewardesses. <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want a man to wrinkle as a male leader in what should be the functional use of soft kernels? He refuses to explain, but it is for you, Sam Sherman. His obsession with old Hollywood has made a lot of his films for Independent International Pictures and he and Al Adamson have often been trying to get actors into their movies (such as J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). . But Bob Livingstone? Tell me that the demo car driving the drive knew who it was; It is ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But then again, "Naughty Stewardesses" was a successful image for them, so we can not just write it like a Sherman fiasco. Yet, according to any aesthetic standard, it is a discontinuous mess. Al Adamson wanted to look like this, and it's easy to understand why. First of all, it has no genre orientation and moves from the super soft core (breast and butt / simulated sex only) to thriller abduction (Steckler's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo!" Shades). the painfully boring sequence of stewardesses who get Sparrow, Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann, into Vegas's dirty music, on a photo shoot in San Francisco. The worst of all is that we get Bob Livingstone as Jack LaLanne wannabe in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy ... gag! (Luckily, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann has been launched, but you can catch him when the titles in the Special Features section are hidden.) Haunted and terrible movie, but I'll give her three stars for Gary Graver's photo and her sympathy with Connie Hoffmann for that I had to do with Livingstone's "Wrinkles". "Naughty Stewardesses" is for Al Adamson's compliments and / or exploits film explores, while commentary by Sam Sherman offers vital info. All others, BEWARE.
