Such is the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of this production by Sam Shamer Naughty Stewardesses. Debbie just hit the city, she became a flight attendant, slept with an older rich man (who describes her in the 1950s, but of course touched that mark ten years ago), filming naked scenes for the photographer she had just met, and then being the central element of kidnapping / extortion . Despite all this and in the midst of all the emotional shocks and the search for the soul, what will Debbie do in the heavenly name? Well, I can not give it up completely, but do not expect any real symptoms. Let's look at it. Naughty Stewardesses is what she wants to be (at least two-thirds): a soft core porn film with a lot of women without topless and funny in that 70's kitch's movie. There is no great art here. The film was designed to make money and use the rising trend at the time to nymphomaniacal stewardesses in movies so that the audience could triumphantly enjoy their voyeuristic taste. According to today's standards, the film is quite tame. What this movie does wrong is the effort to be a movie at the end. C'mon, somebody here believes that Debbie has a little diatribution on the beach that is thinking about life. She would spend more time choosing which halter top she would wear that day then do it. And what a ridiculous conspiracy to steal 50 grand? It did not make sense to me, so how on Earth these characters "kicked" it? Whoever buys Cal as a member of PLO (something like that) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? He'll be lucky to work on Seven Eleven! This is, as another reviewer noted, rather a piece of Sam Sherman and a piece of Al Adamson. You can find out when Al is fully charged. There is practically no budget, and the film does not look nearly as polished as this one. Adamson is doing decent work this time and I have to give Sherman a credit title. While this movie is bad just because of what it should be, it has a certain style. I liked opening credits with animations and photos. I even enjoyed Sparrow's music. "Silver Heels" was somewhat catchy melody. The film does not really look cheap. Compare it with some of the horror films Al. As for the cast, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old on the lead, but some rehearsal went into his character and the obvious thread that young women are attracted to men with money was also explored. I had big problems with Robert Smedley, who was simply terrible in his role. Girls have all the great sets, so what is required of them? Naughty Stewardesses is a relatively innocuous exploitation film of the 1970s and will serve as a life time capsule for certain aspects of life during this decade. By the way, did I mention that this is a pretty bad picture?
