It seems that people behind Envy have realized that recent comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and, to a lesser extent, Jack Black - are situational spoofs that are constantly declining in originality and generally laughing. I found the utter absurdity of Zoolander's excitement when he was released, Starsky and Hutch were also nice, and then Dodgeball kept laughing for many people, although I personally was a little tired of the over-the-top character - especially when the script was not so ridiculous the Dodgeball comedy does not quite match Australia where it rarely plays). So in an effort to make something a little more original, Envy turns away from the absurd scenario and instead revolves around the absurd character of Jack Black's character (we will not spoil what it is for those who want to see the movie). The problem is that the movie looks like it stretches, I'm not a big enough movie fan to think about the examples, but it seems to have been done a thousand times before - and very rarely successful. So instead of a nice, sharp, pleasant and fresh comedy, you get a movie that seems to be just moving. Sure, the moves can be quite fun and focus on an idea that is strange enough to give a few laughs - especially when Jack Black plays on an exhilarating and funny, though a little 2D creator. Ben Stiller seems a bit lost, asked to play a fuller role than the ridiculous characters of his film Zoolander, but fights as a family, whether it's his blame or script, is not deeper enough to character and the result is Ben Stiller's film to do these typical manners and generally becomes boring. Performance does not leave a trace of the viewer (it's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black can tell the character - though not demanding). The last unpleasant feature of the film is the role of Christopher Walken as "The J Man", which is typical and two-dimensional in character and naturally becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly. <br /> <br /> Not as unbearable as some people think, it's observable, especially if you have the right mood (feeling that it would be a stupid assumption for seeing this movie). Find him in the movie night with your friends and watch it after watching a scary movie and feeling like something light - hopefully you'll be somewhat exhausted by then. In this scenario, I can imagine that it will be quite pleasant, but it generally gives too little laughter to be able to carry itself and most of the time stretches.
