I admit that I like a lot of so-called "Frat-Pack" films. Regardless of how bad they are, I can find something you would like Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Envy" left me as cold as the white horse Ben had dispelled. This time, Ben and Jack Black are a couple of walnut neighbors, one of whom (black) finds an aerosol spray that causes the animals to disappear and become immensely rich while the other (Stiller) envies. This is the conspiracy, but then it will be reflected in other directions that really do not make much sense. I think the 'Vapoorize' thing is fun at first. The problem is that they tried to keep the gag for the whole picture (Black has a license plate that reads "The Cocoa King") and gets quite tiring. But Ben and Jack are badly used; the energy level for both of their performances seems to be highly routed. The two best performances are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. Walken's neo-hippie-dippie guy is so uncompromising and so well-modulated performance that he's never even mentioned another well-known Walken character. It's absolutely unique, yet Walken is undoubtedly. And Weisz is the best actress no one knows about. Even with limited screening, it still dominates every scene in which it is inside. The very essence of the Drama is that Ben, in jealous drunkenness, accidentally shoots Jack's White Stall Award and then goes into meaningful lengths to hide it because he feared his best friend would find out and give him the dead. But the story of the plot is not credible because there's nothing about Jack's character that would suggest that he would do such a thing. He plays such a sweet guy that makes the whole unbearable horse hound zero and invalid. You're going to make it all right. It's a filler. And what's the point of an unrivaled carousel, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he sees "Aliens on the train"? The script is painfully bad and two people's behavior is wrong. Someone with Levinson experience should know better. Perhaps someone will think of something to make this film disappear. Wait, they already have.
