Jack Frost, no children, this is not a hearty family film about a father who returns from the dead as a snowman. It's a sadistic assassin named Jack Frost, which is splashed with some acidic fluid and turned into a snowman. It happened to me that I caught a copy of this movie so that I could relax and smile. Snowman? Ha, it sounds like a perfect comedy / horror film! Well, I was wrong, very bad. Jack Frost is probably a murderer who is transported by truck to prison so that he can fry at the middle of the chair at midnight. But it's a snowy night and it collides with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack escapes only to be killed by acid and morphs into the killer of the snowman. He returns to the small town of Snowmonton, where he caught a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now like snow with cooler forces. He can condense into water, shoot ice cycles like javelins and break the killers. The only question is: who can stop Frost? This movie is under the typical B-Movie line. The movies start to be cheese, but when Jack is acid-fired, it quickly drops below the line of cheese and grows. Meeting one is terrifying! Here we have a whole series of unheard-of actors who either can not act, can act, but have a senseless nature, or they are only a few dollars here. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. Looks like a young Richard Kiel in combination with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance is limited to three minutes and everything we've ever seen is his new form of snow and his wise cracked voice. Moreover, his twitching is just funny. Rising, stupid and bad. <br /> <br /> The plot is terrible! There have been many murderers throughout history. A murderer in a hockey mask, a murderer with a distracting gauntlet, a chain saw with mud, a fast holy Bernard, but now we're kneeling down on a snowy killer? Come on! And the way the characters are introduced are terrible. For one, I really wanted Jack to kill the son of a sheriff, I mean, I'm going to give my father oats with antifreeze to them to keep them out of their way? All the characters are stupid and useless and death is on the cartoon. One woman, strangled Christmas lights, has her head broken into decoration and the girl is rocked to death in the shower (where is the carrot in the scene?). And on top of this terrible movie are special effects. The first great special effect we have is Jack's DNA, which blends with the snow and the boy, is terrible. I think it looks like the 60th year of art design, PU! Jack also looks fake. Looks like a man covered with rubber skin. Whole blood and gore are cheese, and the film never does with grandeur, but instead lowers itself to a low level. Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher films ever to be shot. I thought it would be a revolt, but no! They do not try to be funny and they really try to scare you. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least making me laugh at it's terrible. Do not worry about this waste. Jack Frost = D +
