This is a low-budget spoof of the spy genre. To help meet your expectations, you should know that: (1) acting is wild. Stars have great fun and provide their lines with excessive eye movement, frequent hand gestures and extra stimulation. (2) The scenario deliberately lacks continuity and credibility. Lines are often suddenly shocking and humorous because they have absolutely no meaning for the former elements of the fence. (3) Shots are often framed in under-angles. (4) Jeff Goldblum pop-eydlu delivers a complex and classically absurd dialogue in a winning, sarcastic way. The film has a controlling intelligence, deliberately starting with a separating element stolen from B-films 1930: a secret code with a structure that would defy Carl Sagan's explanation. Timeless movie performance is mostly used for comic effects during the first 90 minutes. In the early-running gag, Fay Grim's son Ned is often told to leave that you can not help when you apologize for the boy. Parker Posey is a pretty choreography of the fall from the bed also helps set the funny tone early in the movie. Slow motion stimulation does not improve comedy elements or dramatic elements that appear later. The influence of film as drama is dramatically worsened by the early comedy. Moreover, it is hard to be too involved in the characters and their fates when the early parts of the film are so sarcastic. The musical score is deliberately heavy, and this (and beyond the cameras angles of the camera) is more irritating than humorous. Abnormal acting, unlikely and almost incomprehensible conspiracy plot / Counter plot and slow stimulation crush many viewers. The movie is too long in 158 minutes. <br /> <br /> This means fans susceptible to film sarcasm might want to watch again ... using a closed caption to best capture the intelligent ridicule of the dialogue. The film was too slow for me, and sarcasm felt much harder than light. But comedy can appeal to your taste. The film is worth watching for those who enjoy independent films, fans of Hal Harley's, or Parker Posey's devotees (who have the longest camera time).
