I did not see "Henry Fool," but after watching "Fay Grim" I'm not sure I want to. Maybe Hartley wants to be the director of the "anti-thriller" - he certainly succeeded with that starvation. Based on the official description - a woman finds her husband's manuscript containing material that could endanger national security - I was expecting a tense geopolitical path. Instead, I had a fragile structure, a noisy dialogue, a poor characterization, a complicated conspiracy, and a "tone" that changed so often, suggesting that Hartley changed the script according to his mood at the moment. I can hang on for a long time with a frustrating, hard-to-follow conspiracy (for example, "Duplicity"), because I think the free ends eventually joined. Even if they do not, or they do, but they leave unnecessary questions (such as "Duplicity"), sharp writing and playing may be interested. But halfway through "Fay Grim," I had a deadly realization - I did not know what was going on, and I did not care. It's a shame I'm really glad Parker Posey likes to work with the absurd part that has asked her to overturn from an indifferent, alienated woman and an indifferent, helpless mother to a hard and intelligent international "player" capable of psychological mana with terrorists. There is also bad casting. Jeff Goldblum may be very good, but he is not able to overcome miskasting as a CIA operator. It looks almost as uncomfortable as I watched him. His CIA assistant is worse; Looks like a fugitive from the quarterfinal "American Idol" (are there really young CIA agents with large licked hair that are irregularly creased on their heads?). Then there is a sticky question of age groups. Goldblum was 54 when he did "Fay Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Foola," was 44. He was not even allowed to look or look older than their real age. But the key point of the story is that they were acting as CIA agents "in the 1970s" in Nicaragua. Goldblum's character would be at the age of 20; Henry Fool would be a teenager. Was Hartley "strange" or lazy? Problems are too big to ...
