I would say that "I would be in this direction," since frankly I have not seen Hal Hartley's film yet. It's not about not hearing about him because he was seen as one of those little NY creators (when I say, I mean even smaller than Jim Jarmusch) who did ultra-personal projects with a limited budget. Ironically, as with Pasolini Salo, although in a slightly different context, Fay Grim is interested in some of Hartley's more playful features because he seems to be at least some idea of ​​talent as if Hartley * could be a very good filmmaker , who may be so good he has just made a great experimental mistake. Or, on the other hand, someone might be overwhelmed by their own idiosyncrasies and possible cinematographic collisions like Godard. I can not explain it completely, which may or may not be a problem, I think, but it's not because I did not see the movie that preceded Fay Grim, Henry Fool. I think even if I had such an experience, it would not make a big difference on the basis of the final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double fence wrapped inside another that has fallen into the fake pockets of the title character played by Parker Posey (not sure if it is good or bad, and maybe both) and also the CIA operator (Jeff Goldblum , as usual, a strong presence in the middle of mania, even the redemption of some laughter), not to mention the orgy-loaded photo frame and the author Henry Fool. It's not like the script is utterly impenetrable, though it's getting bigger because it's just that there are some questions about a funny or sharp dialogue. <br /> <br /> Simply, the direction simply sucks. Harltey is in love with the third man who is fine, but he consistently imposes the headache, evoking the style of everything that is inclined in the angle, with characters who have to get into the frame just as strangely. Not even since the director actually appeared in Battlefield Earth, he was so uncomfortable that he was trying to make an unnecessary choice of angles for some bizarre dramatic effect, but this time Hartley is not in the middle of a cluster - f ***, it's mostly responsible for it. This, along with the crazy Godard subtitles that appear here and there, are somewhat funny and some just totally stupid, and the mounting segments are still in the missiles and a few moments involving events that almost resemble Ed. Wood, undermines the potential that is in the scenario, which is quite difficult to decipher. Something so fascinating is to watch how bad it is, but it's a kind of fascination that comes to seeing a flip-side and full creative control of a little story. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: you probably will not be facing this year's more complicated example of American independent film.
