I did not think it could be, but something came and replaced the Open House - a low budget horror about killing someone for the high price of real estate - as the worst movie I've ever seen in my short but otherwise sweet life was announced the best film at the latest Montreal Film Festival, which leads me to believe that every other entrance must contain shots from empty walls accompanied by people who read gloomy poetry. > <br /> Watching this movie was like a small piece of hell. It's from Austria and is trying to find herself in the footsteps of short cuts and blue velvet scenes of different characters living in suburban areas with dark underworld. There is the owner of the fat dog and his fat lady striking for him, a thin, divorced woman who still lives with him in a house that includes the untouched place of his dead child, a vibrating, trailing female tracker who recites the list of the top ten. The list goes on. Forever. Just like two hours plus I spent in the theater. Yes, the characters interact, but not in a clever or interesting or even relevant way. I could not say if they are good as actors, because according to the subtitles they were given lines that were the Austrian equivalent "You are so crazy!" They certainly did not have to learn much, because each of them had repeated in their scene at least three times. <br /> <br /> This is not Gummo, nor any of the above films. There is no art to discover and nothing you could meet, except if you should not change your "never go out during the movie" policy (which relatively few older couples did during the random orgy of the scene - and if it sounds nice, it's not if you are not one of the few who will not find the idea that parents have sex - and with some local middle-aged couples to boot). This film was offensive to me. Not charming nakedness, not a soundtrack that raises bouts, not faulty scenes containing weapons. I was offended that someone really spent the money to do so when there are capable writers and filmmakers looking for funding there. I was offended that someone in town could go to Dog Days and figure out if it was the best thing the Montrealers would find us. I was the most offended that the people who participated in this festival cheated everyone to believe that the Emperor had a beautiful and charming new suit when it was painfully clear he was as naked as the fat girl's woman who was making a striptease. <br /> <br />
