WARNING: OVERVIEW CONTAINS MIDDLE SPOILS There is a parallel universe where Gone In 60 Seconds is a dark, nervous, controversial independent film. Unfortunately in this dimension Gone ... is a spectacular, empty, testosterone-powered moronfest to play Nicolas Cage. For reasons that do not really get in, he and his large number of buddies have four days to steal fifty precious cars, only one of which has an alarm. This crew consists of a man with funny ears, who is said to be a new Superman; the guy who led the electricity in the X file; a former professional footballer and two token black men. Their enemies are cops, rival thieves and Bilborough of Cracker, his accent Manchester suitably flattened and expanded for American audiences who are now accustomed to such a kind of thing from Daphne in Frasier. There is also Angelina Jolie, who has no character; than to be a recipe for men's sexual desires. She and Cage are supposed to be old flames, which is strange because they never appeared in a normal conversation that would approach the full length of the course of 135 m. In fact, the characterization is so poor that whenever someone has a "moment" the violin plays in the background to highlight "emotion". It is not a spoiler that would reveal that Vinnie Jones (who re-creates his famous maneuver, Paul Gasgoinea's "hand ball" and is quite at risk when silent) gets only one line; not because his inability to speak is an integral part of the conspiracy, but because his eloquent summary of the dubious morals of the film after it seemed to be completely muted is fun. Supposedly. After struggling in "London draw", Cage tries: "I always thought you were from Long Island." My ribs, as you can imagine, were really foolish. In fact, humor is the most undeveloped aspect, from a noble comedic policeman to two token black characters. It sees the greatest aspect of Hollywood grip; why can a black man not appear in a big film without ever realizing his skin tone and endlessly referring to it? A younger man, like the elder, jive - speaks all the time, proclaims, "We black people do not like the winter ... we are tropical people." Then he continues to express the urge to smoke his knee and watch Roots. He of course parodies the image of black people, but how fun it is? His older counterpart can not speak without reference to himself, and therefore to his color, to the third person. "My black ass" this, "my black ass" it. Does anybody know any black people who talk like this? I think not. <br /> <br /> Movie soundtrack is played almost non-stop and with increasing volume, some tracks - especially the Apollo 440's "Do not Stop The Rock" - so loud they are actually more audible than sound effects and dialogue. The space system even separates the two so they sound like two different movies running together. There is no concept of background music, it's the sound equivalent of trying to watch the movie while someone in the backstage of the cinema has its stereo glow. "Save this music, young man!" This is not the worst film in the world and I enjoyed it in many ways. It's just that it's predictable, lazy and helpless, with minimal effort in its construction. It seems that box office expectations are very low for this movie. After being forced into waste for several years, it seems that the public is beginning to wake up.
