This film should be shown to film school students as an example of what she should not do. The original kicks off some big throttle pressure, this terrible disaster breaks the main role of Bruckheimer's films, which is: we all know they suck but have great action. This movie has no action. This movie is BORING. Where are the cars? Where are the persecutions? Where is the tension? Where is the tension? Where's the rush? Where!!?? It's not a movie at all, it's a bad ad. 50 cars in 24 hours? It is bad. They have 3 days to steal, advertising is bad. How bad is it? The lead is stiff, wooden and forced. A villain, a policeman, the other ... who cares about it. They speak their absurd lines, serve an illogical conspiracy. It goes beyond the best way of managing the music video director, "do not worry, we'll do a lot of quick cuts and no one will notice how bad the movie is," or "we'll fix it out loud music." "Script" is not actually a script at all, it's rather like the list of clichés with the end that is the overall ripoff: ------- Warning - possible spoiler ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 - ---- 1 ------ Fugitive. The biggest crime of all is the lack of Vinnie Jones, a man ... that's the worst, coldest mofo than Jules in Pulp Fiction. And what do they do? It makes him a mute who hardly stands in the movie! Make Vinnie's main villain and save the movie. How could they be so stupid? As? As? Why? The original movie is very fun with a cool trick at the end that takes the driver away. The original has a great 40 minutes of persecution! Find the original. Or if you have a desire for some real car chase, rent RONIN. Errors in Ronin lifted a pole that all other car pursuits will now be judged. Bruckheimer and Cage had all the money, all the money, all the experience, and they can not even get closer to the 25,000-dollar movie made for $ 250,000 a year ago? How can it be? You feel like you broke up after this movie. Where I was once excited when I saw Coyote Ugly, remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God will help us all. <br /> <br />
