DR. SEUSS 'HOW YOUR GRINCH CHRISTMAS CHRISTMAS / (2000) ** (out of four) <br /> <br /> If you wish to see a holiday film that will inspire your seasonal moods and continue the traditional classic poem Dr. Seuss, Do not See "Doctor Seuss" How Grinch Meals Christmas. "If you're old enough to read this review, then you're probably too old to get any kind of fun out of this movie." It contains lots of colors, creative production design and imaginative set and costume design, joyful sound loads and characters made so that they look like the true inhabitants of the fictitious village of Whoville, but this is where the positive elements of the film end, the rest of the production is nothing but an excuse for Jim Carrey to get on the screen and do a devilish grin, all by hiding over a wide screenplay that did not have much to do.Many people recognize the story as amazed to steal Christmas from Whoville so I do not waste time writing a detailed summary that you could read But I say the story of the film is done in three major acts: and set-up, the Whoville Festival and Dr. Seuss's vision of how the thief Who's since Christmas. There are many well-known names in the credits, but no known faces. Just like in Battlefield Earth, I just do not see why the manufacturers would hire expensive actors to have their identity protected by unrecognizable make-up and costumes. Irrespective of this, Molly Shannon is in SNL as Betty Lou, wife Bill Irwina, later playing Lou Lou, the father of Little Cindy Lou starring Taylor Momsen. Jeffrey Tambor's Whoville Mayor, Anthony Hopkins tells the story of her story, and Christine Baranski is a lonely lost lover, Grincha. The filmmakers are trying to bring the original story by adding unnecessary subplots and concentrating too much on little Cindy Lou. The screenplay by Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman just feels like it's all across the film landscape; there is little if a focus of director Ron Howard and the screenplay is predictable, too broad and conceived. The only character that is distinguished here is Grinch himself, all the other figures are marionettes of conspiracy, formless and uninteresting. And the dialogue is overstated and too frantic to be anything but pathetic. Example-Grinch: Oh, Who-manity! Redemption factors come from talented producer Michael Corenblith, costume designer Rita Ryack, and a great make-up department. "How Grinch Stole Christmas" is a very good-looking production. The series and atmosphere created by the creators are detailed and imaginative; it's like an audience visiting the world like in a dream. The Whoville people are smeared with makeup, to the extent that we can not say that the actor recites humorous lines. Although it is dazzling, it can not really be successful because it seems to be due to a costly technical department. Jim Carrey is one actor I can talk about. His performance is what almost destroys the film itself. He is too selfish as Grinch, too exaggerated and funny to make the story all around recognizable as the work of Seuss. Surprisingly, although there are a few funny moments due to ruthlessly clever sequences, no laughter comes from Jim Carry's face. It's almost like the movie was written specifically for Carry to play his part. This factor only leads the film to a wild but helpless comedy that is just the pale shadow of the original Christmas classic "How Grinch Christmas Story." After this film, historians should check out the coffin late, Dr. Seuss could return to the grave. <br /> <br />
