(maybe spoilers) <br /> <br /> Someone once asked Dr. Seuss, if they could secure movie rights to their classic Christmas music of 1957 How Grinch Christmas Stands. He refused them and insisted that no one could do better than the great 1961 Chuck Jones TV special (perhaps his horrifying experience was written by the 1953 The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T). When a good doctor died in 1991, his widow, Audrey Geisel, still patiently refused to sell her film rights. However, with the common use of CGI effects, reality becomes reality, Mrs. Geisel had a heart change. Universal made her a generous offer she had received; she also accepted casting Jim Carrey as the title character. She supposed she was happy with the end result. Well, Mrs. Geisel, this is one of us. The film received a budget of $ 123,000,000 (which is more than even the price of the Heavenly Gate, including inflation adjustments), which of course led to a great complicated make-up, scenic design, and special effects (somewhat damaged by relatively fuzzy cinematography). Unfortunately, none of this money seems to have been earmarked to get a better scenario than what Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman (the writer Who Framed Roger Rabbit? Who made a much better use of a high budget) turned in. While the TV specialty was trimmed for 26 minutes without ads, this movie tries to fill the run time of 105 minutes with more background information on Grinch. It turns out that a child was the subject of ridicule, including a particularly degrading experience, one Christmas at the age of eight. It turns out that everything that our poor poor Mr. Grinch is weakening is directly due to Whos. The problem is, it seems, a relatively long 105 minutes, when too much dead wood clogs the story. That might sound so bad if only a little Grinch was a little more ... well, Grinchy. The character written by Dr. Seuss and later animated by Chuck Jones, was an irritated fox, whose attempt to hurt the holiday season undermined his sudden change (and exponential growth) of the heart. Carrin's Grinch is a loud, overactive oaf and sometimes a hunter who, in the coming of the Cheermeister feast, has been terrified by Whoville's anger <br /> <br /> (hope the scenery tasted as good as it looked). This undermines the script's attempt to make Grinch more sympathetic, with all whos in Whoville so unsympathetic (at least in this interpretation). Vision Whoville Dr. Seuss was a small town inhabited by sincere people who knew the true meaning of Christmas in their hearts. Whoville from the movie is a rather noisy and crowded place inhabited by spoiled, selfish, materialistic ninnies; an obvious attempt to comment on American consumerism. This is anti-Western hypocritical, because the film industry has a big advantage from US consumerism and this film has contributed to this by a large merchandising campaign. <br /> <br /> <The film also expands and redefines the character of Cindy Lou Who, small but vital characters in the original. An innocent two-year-old girl who has entered this false Santa is now older and wiser, constantly casting doubt on the false values ​​of Whoso and trying to understand Grinch's point of view (her main scene is re-accredited, so it seems to be out of character). It seems to be the only one who would ever know that Christmas is more than just gifts and decorations, which makes it a completely different and more annoying character. <br /> <br /> Those who celebrate Christmas should receive in the morning in their stockings at midnight on December 25th morning a copy of this too long, exaggerated, unbearably lengthy attempt to change classic children into a feature film . Once and forever it turns out that darkness, vulgarity, manipulation, and cumbersomeness are inappropriate substitutes for charm, joke, sincerity, and heart. People from the university should get to their knees, and thank God that this $ 340 million bomb, actually a billion dollar bomb, has reached $ 260 million in the domestic market, or they would not be here today. In addition, it made Mike Myers' cat in a hat possible!
