If the Atlantis creators had something to say in this movie, his theme was (literally) drowned with an emphasis on "special effects" over the characterization. Almost as in an attempt to "keep up with" other summer stars, Disney has lost an approach based on the character of the movie "Star-Wars" with stereotypical heroes and villains. Art is a cartoon, and producers think they can rely on computer-generated images (CGIs) of flying fishing boats and submarines that fill a gap. These are bad and the days of beautiful, hand-drawn animations are quickly blown out of the window in favor of the CGI assembly line. This movie is all a heartless theater. Occasionally, the film is about being a good, useful film, but frustratingly lacks the brand so many times that it kicks up talking about something meaningful and instead chooses to go with the shine. Another problem with the movie is stepping. It starts confusingly, and then starts rocking along with the crafted story of a cut style that is not appreciated. The viewer jumps out of the door, along with Milo Thatch (well expressed by Michael Fox), and remains thinking, "We have to have a tremendous amount of what happens when we get to Atlantis." Unfortunately, that will not happen much. The secrets of Atlantis remain a mystery with stories that do not know how to explain the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to tell where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? Who knows? Nothing is supposed, even from a purely fantastic point of view. The viewer leaves the theater and asks himself, "What was this?" What was the point of the movie? "Why could not the surviving Atlanteans remember how to read when many of them have experienced a catastrophe in" today's "day, and why did Atlantis sink?" And then immediately forget what they saw. It is not unnecessary to think or eradicate ... except for losing money in wallets. The characters and their motivation are equally insurmountable. From an eccentric millionaire who founded an expedition with seemingly more money that existed on the entire planet in 1914, the collective consciousness (spoiler) entering Kid and VOLUNTARILY leaves his people! Crew is a collection of strange, two-dimensional people anachronistically (for 1914) P.C. race and sex. A demolition expert speaks as if he came from a short Bugs Bunny from Warner Brothers. Most jokes are coarse disposable inserts that viewers largely miss for two reasons: They are delivered at a flash speed and usually mumble. The way these support players make a moral turn around the end of a movie is hard to believe. While we applaud Disney for trying to create animated adult movies - and this is the first Disney not to have cute, talking animals or objects - does not make a transition. Younger children will be frightened by some action scenes and will remain in the dark with a large number of subtitles (when characters are spoken by Atlanta). During the first five minutes of the expedition, approximately 200 people are killed without further thought. Obviously, Disney thinks that if you do not know who these people are, then why should you care? Again the film has no feelings at any level. Mulan and Tarzan were the latest animated films made by Disney, which were made very well. Sadly, Atlantis has returned to those unsuccessful attempts in the past, such as Black Boiler and Hrbacek Notre Dame. Disney must return to its roots. The sequel to Peter Pan is coming soon, but nobody ever knows what the results will be until you see it yourself. And now that Disney has discovered Science Fiction, she hopes to realize that this genre needs more than theater. We also hope that the upcoming planet Treasure Planet, Robert L. Stevenson's sci-fi adaptation "Treasure Island," will have more heart than the insurmountable "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
