He follows the usual pattern of recruiting - this time as the first Cuba Gooding after President Truman desegregates the armed forces - through the training program of the US Navy for deep-sea divers, led by a racist supporter (Robert DeNiro). If the program was not bad enough, it must be in Bayonne, New Jersey. <br /> <br /> It's nothing bad for a performance. Robert De Niro activates his southern accent and shouts effectively. Cuba Gooding, raised by a strict father as a poor black farmer in the south, is the expected paragon of correctness. Girls who are hardly called women are Charlese Theron and Lonette McKee. They have minor roles and are mostly there to claim that their men should have a common sense. Other decent performers - Powers Boothe and Hal Holbrook - have even bigger roles. <br /> <br /> This is about it. Almost everything else could be compiled by a computer. The ship is called a ship. Robert De Niro smiles inside, uncovered. After a brutal attack on hospital staff, he is transferred from his clothes instead of being released. Someone in the early 1950s shouted, "I'm out of here." (Maybe it was a common expression at that time, if so, "my bad.") People are calling each other rank - Lieutenant, Boatswain's Mate, Commander, as well as the Army while the Navy is free of "mistress" (if the officer) or addressed their surname (if included). I did not want to bother if in 1950 he was a rank named "Senior Master Chief". Cuba Gooding has a heavy line on a hoe. Everyone in the Navy seems to hate blacks in addition to one guy from Wisconsin. She is scolded and despised by others in her class. It's like a scene in the "Animal House," in which the applicant for tons of fraternity is asked to wait in a room with Sikh, a black man and a blind child. Gooding is a male, a small second-class officer. She can marry a beautiful woman who just graduated from a medical school. In one of their arguments she asks. He just wants to be a doctor and should join her, leave the navy and lead a peaceful life. "And just let his life pass?" He replied. Yes. Yes, become a doctor's husband and let your life pass by. You can welcome it from the golf course in Boca Raton. Such movements were common in World War II. "Bombardier", "Airial Gunner," something like that. As often as they used to, they had some educational functions. You learned to become a bomb or a shooter. Here the technical details are skipped, perhaps because the writer did not know about them (except the Boyle Act we learned at high school). I could not watch what happened during some of the extraordinary events without which such a film would not exist. If I had the correct mechanical problems, it was because I correctly estimated it. Direction is no help. The film buzzes up close, so much that they lose any dramatic impact they might have. And extraordinary events are confusing because they are misguided. Why go further? Want to see a better example of this movie? Almost everyone, except the case of "G. I. Jane," in which the hero is abused as heroin. Experience the scenes of the "Young Lions" training camp. There is a Jewish victim. Or try "from there for eternity," in which no simple sympathetic buttons are pressed, and the victim is an adult man who refuses to bend and who is in conflict as well as "Cool Hand Luke". No simple excuses are offered because easy excuses are too easy. <br /> <br /> Thoroughly formulated and not well done.
