I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was pretty bad (yes, I'm sorry I did not like it) because Hanna-Barber did not produce it and it took a drastic step from the old series. When I heard that "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo got a trace" were in the works, I thought it would be better. But when I saw Scooby and Shaggy appear, I knew this show would be bad, if not worse. I was looking at a few episodes and believe me it's just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" - Wannabe. Even Scooby and Shaggy do not go against people who wear masks of cold, spooky monsters that kill the banks. Now he comes after a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have also become more brave. Also, because Shaggy WILL NOT be a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (which is actually a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice, will not vote Shaggy. Shaggy will only vote if he does not eat meat, and it was just a stupid business change that updated the franchise as if jokes on the Internet were not enough. So Scott Menville (who previously expressed Red Herring to "A Pup called Scooby-Doo"), Shaggy votes here. Trust me, the voice is really bad! That makes Shaggy sound like a 10-year-old whistle, and I have to agree that the voice definitely matches his new ugly look. Kasem, however, tells Shaggy's uncle Albert, which is good. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look good. It seems to have been designed to look more like CGI Scooby-Doo from live movies. Also, the voice of Scooby Frank Welcher (do I need to mention Brain the Dog again?) He has not improved yet. Robi, a robotic butler, is practically worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tries to be humorous and makes "comic" impressions and gives tips on safety ("Do not forget the children, do not stand under the trees during the storm!") But he simply does not fit into the Scooby-Doo cartoon. Again, Hanna-Barber's sound effects are seldom used. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Two," they use thunderstorms, almost everything! (Still using the newly recorded thunderous sound effects.) Scooby-Doo does not use the sound effects of "Thunder Thunder" since 1991. But my question is why use "Thunder Castle" on "Shaggy and Scooby Doo Get the Clue," but DO NOT USE (WNSD's two episodes used it, and unfortunately it was not enough.) If WNSD and DTV films used it, they could be better than this miserable cartoon. On the day that this premiere was on, I watched the first episode, and it was a bad thing to turn it off in just five minutes! To get rid of this bad show, I borrowed "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Hi!" which came out at the same time. And you know what? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get the Clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like new patterns to pass. Video clips made directly on the video that come out during this show are fortunately used by regular suggestions. But, whether you loved or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo", I do not recommend it. But if you hate an old series, then you will love it! (God, I hope the old Scooby-Doo cartoon will stay better than the new $ # *%!) Anyway, just like the WNSD, it's really a bad addition to the Scooby cannon.
