Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the simplest, most successful and most popular cartoon characters in the world. So what happens when you were everywhere and did everything with a pattern? Will you turn it off correctly? Poorly. You stop production and let it rest for about ten years, then run it again, keeping the core of your success untouched. This means that you keep the formula for the most part, but add your special flavor. It is for me that why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, wanting to return to the classic Scooby Doo formula that successfully appeared up to ten years earlier in "A Pup called Scooby Doo" but was largely not removed from the original "Scooby Doo where you are." The first sign (for me) of poor offers is the inclusion of foreign characters; there may be some interesting memories from past iterations, but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" does not mean Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum. Even worse, the exclusion of other key members of Mystery Inc generally suggests a group of producers who, from a child's point of view, do not understand how this show works. The basic precondition was always a group of people who are diametrically opposed to each other and through their own individual stereotypical qualities managed to overcome the assigned tasks. This next paragraph is just my theorization, so skip if you want to: I hope I can explain why I think I mean the basic elements of the show are detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang represents and how it contributes to the whole; Fred represents the driver, I think it's generally the purpose of Fred to give the group direction, organization, and sub-tasks. Fred is not a happy teenager, your boss, your teacher, your father, your authority. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by tasks (the problem is always equal to Fred's solution). Fred is in many ways the opposite of Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, the guy who's a little afraid of things than you, lets you be brave to not be on the back of the pack. Shaggy presents emotions and often shows emotional extremes from excitement to fear. Velma represents rational thinking, applies logic, but as we see from time to time in the show, it requires tracks that are largely gathered by other members of the show. On the left alone, Velma has solved the mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where the truths are not obvious, and only by random encounters they can get the information they need to complete their task, Daphne happens to be. At one point (I think it is the first Scooby Doo series), it was known as "prone to danger". Writers used Daphne to connect unrelated events together by chance. It is often the one who finds a secret door, a collection of objects or some other detail that can help the gang connections together. Finally, Scooby represents us, the participant. He is always at the heart of the events, capable of all the things the rest of the gang is capable of, but the handicapped because it is not human and like us, a TV viewer can not actually take part. Scooby Doo works because all these personalized problem solving tools are instantly identifiable and entertaining. Maybe I was thinking about things, but in my life I saw a lot of Scooby Doo (being a 30 year old self-named enemy, such kind of role with territory). For me, there is a classic "Scooby Doo" spell that she would never have to deal with. <br /> <br /> As many have emphasized; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art, nor is she completely polite, and she falls into the category of programming that can watch youngsters with a hearty bowl of breakfast cereals. Talking about raw material simplicity transforms it into something else, something smaller.
