When I saw this film, the first thing I thought was that it was made for a video. The second thing that came to my mind was, as it looked like, another horrible movie, Darkness Falls, the story of this silly witch who killed the people in the dark. Unfortunately, Darkness Falls was quite a masterpiece compared to this heap of rubbish and this film should not be made. The film starts with a little story for a witch, or rather as the unnecessary introduction of two little children who are going to go with their fairies in the hope of giving them a new glossy cycle for their tooth. Opening is filmed badly and like the rest of the movie it's certainly not scary. Currently, the movie is about Peter (Lochlyn Munroe). Peter leased his house and his ex-girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West) and her daughter Cole stay there. Cole meets the baby in the neighborhood and talks about the teeth wine and how you should not lose your tooth, or he will come to you. Unfortunately, a few seconds later, it looks like the tooth fairy steals her wheel and knocks her tooth (As ironic). Will Cole survives the rage of Teeth Fairy, and her mother and Peter will be able to save her and revive her romance ... that's a bad movie, you might find out. <br /> <br /> One of the main issues with this idiotic movie is how undefined is the Fairy Tale. They say he'll kill you when you lose your tooth, but not. He's more like a serial killer who accidentally kills, and if you lose a tooth, you will definitely go. He steals a bicycle, so he's probably a thief. I have already said that the idea of ​​this film was based on Darkness Falls, but how did it inspire the look of a dentist? We'll see. She looks like a burning sacrifice, and she's been in the neighborhood of killing children. Hmmm ... it's almost like it's Freddy Krueger's exact response from "Nightmare on Elm Street". And that's not the worst part of this terrible mess, top it. This movie could have the most ridiculous culmination (Not literally ridiculous because I thought it was more sick than funny) that I've ever seen. You do not see it. <br /> <br /> Just a little trivia. Lochlyn Munroe was in Scary Movie and Jianna Ballard was in Scary Movie 3 and they were in this, so seemingly Scary Movie stars are forced to end their career with bad scary movies. My Rating: 1/2 of ****. 80 minutes. R for violence.
