Darcy and her young daughter, Pamela, are heading to a land where her girlfriend, Mother Peter, has left a medical position in the city to become a writer and set up a bed and breakfast inn. Although this inn has a terrible past and Pamela learns from a girl living in the city that a distorted witch lives once in the house. They call her "tooth fairy" because she kills children after she got her last tooth. This work at the pub woke up "The Fairy Tale". Now she has her eyes on Pamela and her last child's tooth, but if one gets in the way they will face the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> This old folk myth about 'dental faith' will anoint it very generously as you would believe when you were a child. They do not just use joyful childhood memories of nightmares! Another, which fell into the same category, was "Darkness Falls (2003)". I can not compare how they are similar on the premises because I did not see them, but I mostly read that they have basically the same opinion. For a bit straight on a DVD movie, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images surrounding nonsense and traditionally a book plot plotter. Low expectations are needed because I would not do it as a success, but I found it to be just marginal fun. Cory Strode and Cookie Story or background for this reputation "Dental Fairy" fully deployed when leaning more towards the vehicle than something that is truly supernatural. Foolishness is a good way to describe what is happening in this poorly written story, but it never feels like a frightful horror. Dialogues may seem superfluous and morally persecuted. While acting is just below average with the unrecognizable characters he has to work on, director Chuck Bowman will offer some ingenious blood splatter and terribly ugly shocks. In this way, the lack of tension, the zero burn and the generic tone are compensated. His direction is reasonably serious and visually capable, where he gains some atmospheric lighting that contrasts with his neat photographs. The promising introductory scene is very effective. His stimulation may slow down in parts and there is a weird and useless slow scene embedded but never too stodgy with something that appeared active that made sure I was not bored. <br /> <br /> make-up special effects provided the goods are repulsive enough, and the look of the Fairy Tale is especially stupid. The figure of a dentist may look threatening in its black cloak, bubbling makeup and fast movements. Being on the scene helps to make a more natural feeling and can get rich in the feeling of excitement. Children's actors may be incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in her part. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are somewhat solid, but they can be a little causal in their performances like Peter and Darcey. Brightly beautiful Carrie Anne Fleming is one of their tenants. PJ Soles appears in a small part as a superstitious neighbor trying to warn against the evil that is hidden in the inn. I thought it was a time loss that had a healthy concept that was not enough complicated, and it was pretty textbook. Traceable nonsense, but also extremely forgotten.
