The tooth fairytale is located in a small town somewhere in northern California, where it brought home a farmhouse, Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro), which renovates and plans to turn into a holiday inn. He is also joined by his girlfriend Darcy Wagner (Chandra West) and her young 12-year-old daughter, Pamela (Nicole Munoz), who comes to help for the weekend. During a tour of the property, Pamela meets another young girl named Emma (Jianna Ballard) who warns her that the evil is hiding in her new home, tells a story about a wicked old witch known as a Dentist who used to teeth a child and then killed her . Pamela is afraid and gets even worse when she gets out of her way and her last toothbrush gets out, it's not long before the evil spirit of the Tooth Fairy has eyes on Pamel's teeth, and just for the kicks she also decides to kill anyone who comes across it ... Director Chuck Bowman I thought that Tooth Fairy is just another poor, straight, low-budget film that can not be distinguished from the others, fill in late night's obscure plans for cable television, basically not very good. Producer Stephen J. Cannell's script, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest for the first 40 odd minutes, nothing of any great interest in this period ever happened, and is basically a boring exposition as if it were something to surprise someone. It introduces the character, sets the legend of Tooth Fairy and that's it. The other half of the movie is getting a little better, but it's still a very spectacular thing, there are several decent gore-scene scenes, but it's all very predictable and forgotten. The characters are not great and most of them are purely killed, the story has irregularities like Fairy's teeth story, they say they kill kids after they give their teeth, so why does indiscriminate killing that has nothing to do with teeth? What happened to her after the prologue set in 1949? Why did she come back like a ghost? Despite being a ghost, it seems to be very human, that they have to open the door themselves and use weapons to kill people, there is no attempt to use supernatural elements other than spooky children that play to the maximum of sentiment. <br /> <br /> Director Bowman is fine, it's fairly well-made and there's a couple of decent scenes, but nothing that's gotten excited. There is nothing I would describe as spooky or atmospheric here, and do not be careful about the comparison between these & Darkness Falls (2003), because apart from the teeth, there is something completely different. Gore is fine, someone puts them in a wood-splitting machine, there is a decapitation, someone has their cock cut and the best scene when someone is attached to the door and then has a stomach hacked open with an ax and their guts shot out. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of about $ 1,500,000, the Fairy Teeth is generally well done, but there is nothing special about it. Acting is not great, but it's not too bad and unusually I have not found child actors who are annoying, so it's something I expect. Tooth Fairy is just under the average low budget of a modern straight-to-video horror ticket that seems to be everywhere these days if you can find a cheap copy then it could go through 90 minutes unless you're too demanding otherwise it's pretty bad and forgotten things.
