I should have known when I looked at the box at a video rental shop and saw Lisa Raye - for me, it's Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY *. His films will almost certainly be bad (like Congo) if Hudson is in them (except for Ghostbusters that were deliberately camper and bad). In spite of my instincts and the fact that I just saw the Civil Label, one more cinematic "tour de force" that plays Lisa Raye, I was renting it at the same time. After all, I ignored my "Hudson's instinct" on the OZ and ended up watching a high-quality series, so I thought I'd give this film a chance. If you are a lover of bad movies, this is definitely a must see! It must be the most unintentionally funny movie I've seen in the long run. The story is fairly straightforward: Sister Racheal (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a group of bandits (led by Bobby Brown) and, like many action movies, has already grabbed ONE GIFTS and promises to avenge her sister's death. To this end, he re-compiles the title Gang of Roses (allegedly based on the true story of the female gang) and they go out and exact revenge and there is a subplot or something else on the way about some gold that could be buried in the city. One nice thing to say about this movie is that from what I could say the stars made their own riding and looked great. Take a look at Stacy Dash's character, or when Calhoun's character cancels his promise that he does not set his weapons (full of dashing screaming to the heavens) or the character Lil 'Kim, joking about Lisa Ray's character or Stacy Dash's personality, Kim's character convinces Lisa Raye's characters to come back to the gang, or Asian Chick or Macy Gray say that "Debt is paid" etc. With the exception of Calhoun's Rachel and left eye Bobby Brown, I can not even remember the names of the other characters because I he laughed so hard when they were introduced.If the director went on a parody and a wide comedy, it would be a great movie Unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously without first taking the exposition, sound design (in his defense is Hip-Hop notoriously difficult to work at the time of the work), scenography, writing scenarios or periods of historical research (it was me or the purest people with the brightest And when I see a movie that is not that good, I ask myself, "Could you be better?" This is the first time for a long time when the answer is unambiguous "YES!"
