Why did so many people get to the Robert Upper TV show "Up Against Everyone" at the San Francisco Film Festival? "It's a hit man," my friend said. "Well ... and it's Brazilian," I added. Beautiful colorful people, tropical weather, fresh rhythms and hip gangster plot? There is no question of sufficient temptation. Someone forgot to tell us a little detail: it's a very bad film, really terrible and unpleasant to watch because it's badly made. <br /> <br /> So how did "Contra Todos" land on Berlin, Melbourne, London, Manila, Stockholm, Cairo, Chicago, numerous small local festivals and now San Francisco? Obviously due to the way the promotion process and the film festival work. <br /> <br /> She first won her first prize at the Rio Film Festival, which was named the Best Brazilian Film of the Year. It had to be a bad year; they had much, much better. Then there are striking synopsis in the catalogs and the imaginary buzz leads to overcrowded listeners and - since the film is nowhere else and thus avoids thorough investigation of criticism - it continues in the rounds. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The festival in Chicago, called "Contra Todos", "a fast-paced cocktail shot straight from Brazil," and referred to Claudia's friend as "a poor slum like neighborhood." Soninha is "Teodor's nymph as a teenage daughter of growing sexuality." The film is "filmed with the urgency of often held cameras," and the director "works on a real and tangible feeling of frustration from home despair and bankruptcy." The effect is "unbearably raw and honest," and the film is "to the conclusion that it is dead, like the lives on display." It's not the best writing, but it certainly helps excitement for a certain kind of potential viewer. "Contra Todos" refers to a hit man, two men who are hit, and a wife and daughter and a born Christian girlfriend. He's shot - in a sharp digital video without the camera talent - mostly in the barren suburban suburbs rather than in one of the pretty "favelas" or villages like the Brazilian city slums where such wonderful films as "Black Orpheus", "Pixot" and " The City of God ", and this time not in Rio but São Paulo. An attacker with family problems is Teodoro (Giulio Lopez) and his partner with the drug problem is Waldomiro (Ailtan Graça). Both actors have a small television experience, as well as an actress who plays Teodorin's crazy blonde Cláudia (Leona Cavalli) and Silvia Lorenca, who plays his pilgrim, ready for the uprising of daughter Soninha. These actors could get through the rear corners of several telenovelas. Who knows? - in a better film they might even be good. In addition to these, some young men who retreated to Teordoro or, when busy, are gangs of whalers. The principle does not have too much presence, even if the camera enlarges their pores. Several observers, one at the Berlin Festival and one in London, saw that this film is a failure, but unfortunately, again hidden in the internet. Henry Sheehan remarked from Berlin that the "film" (his quote) was "the worst of the videos" he showed. "It seems the filmmaker chose the video simply because it was a cheap alternative to the film," wrote Sheehan, "and did not create a new medium in a creative way" - nor, he adds, did something else to the creative. /> <br /> Sheehan pointed out the first big mistake of the film: "It starts as a home drama to be ratchet when Moreira reveals that half an hour into the action he finds out that his father and one of his friends are a professional hit Wait for thirty minutes does not add nothing to the film, it seems like a totally arbitrary decision, and it's at least a waste of time, but a whisper is all that Moreira does as a little child who has become a tool for his birthday and walks around, banging everything in the sight of a cold, reason or skill. "Devastating, but true. Metin Alsanjak, who wrote about the London festival in 2004 for Kamera.com, tried to look at the positive side but nevertheless revealed the lack of redeemed features when calling for the "best feature." Yes, very easily, given that everything others are so bad. Alsanjak admitted that "this low-budget, violent and frantic account of the ungodly in Sao Paulo lacks any sympathetic character and as a result of hope, too dark and cynical to be a concise description of the human condition, the film is not helped by bad subtitling ..." Alsanjak Contra Todos to "Dogma" and Mike Leigh did not help. Besides this absurd first half of an hour, in which nothing bore the boredom of our wait for the first violence - which, when they arrive, just "bangs everything in sight without rhythm, reason or skill" - Moreira is trying to redeem his sudden final by adding it what seems to be coming out immediately, followed by an unlikely ironic final scene, the characters marry. The director no doubt wanted to show the "banality of evil" of the low-threshold men in the working class, but he can not make the characters he sees in general come alive for us. And the structure of the film shows that it can not even edit its material. <br /> <br /> (Seen at the International Film Festival in San Francisco on April 28, 2005)
