Do not get me wrong, it's a horrible, cliché movie, but it's a pleasure for Olivia Hussey fans - perhaps perhaps the most heady beauty that ever loved the silver screen. One poster said it was unpleasant to look at it-wondering what his ideal woman looks like-Parisian Hil-Suka? Blockbuster should genuinely create this genre of the sub-genre, as the Fatal Attraction plot has become a genre for itself. When will Blockbuster receive the "Adult" section? It's going to fit pretty nicely between theater and action, right? This film revolves around Olivia Hussey, who spends a night's passion with an unstable yacht owner who may have murdered his ex-wife, who looks remarkably like Mrs. Hussey. This non-to-do-well continues to Olivia's stalk and make her life as hell. I like Olivia Hussey, but I do not sympathize with characters in movies that cheat on my wives, so I really was not rooted for Olivia to make this glowing alive. (Don Murray and Anthony John Denison engage in fisticuffs when Denison says she stops seeing Olivia, Murray's wife because she's just too good in bed, and he can get on the bike - I'll keep you watching.) NUDITY: $$ (Olivia is a queen of short nudity and adds a bit here. She has a love scene with Anthony John Denison and also has a scene for the shower - shot from a distance). STORY: $ (We've seen this plot a hundred times more, and often it was much better. The guilty party trying to figure out why this film is mud is William Riead, the male dialogue is sophomoric and crazy, the man has no story-recognition skills and they can not build trust in the human reaction to the plot, these people, the upper classes of the society, speak as high school children - with the habit of sleeping in the English classroom, I've placed Riead on the Never-to-Be-Viewed-Again list. ACTION: $$$ (Participants were not "called" Reliov is a young screenplay. "Olivia Hussey has decided to call Anthony Jonh Denison" strange "and" crazy "to her face when she starts to pamper her. Hussey, who is still beautiful, the best performance, but Denison equaled, and that is that Don Murray was basically just there - his character did not improve, and Edward Asner, an amazing actor when he underwent something, is badly used in this film).
