Why would anyone want to see it ?! If it was a movie that was published by a teenager on YouTube, maybe I would meet a teenager in doing so much with his mother's camera. I could also congratulate my family and friends for doing a good job. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced filmmaker and these were, apparently, professional actors - a very, very sad film. Sad ... and very pathetic, in fact. As I said, it has a certain direct visual appearance. He also has narratives and acting that just yell "unprofessional" - how can it be? The film is filled with lots of corpses and blood. Under normal circumstances, it would completely hinder me because I hate ultra-violent movies and I do not like to see everything she does. However, since none of them is realistic, it is tolerable. However, I should warn you that there are several scenes that are still very worrying. For example, a scene with a child that throws a radio into a lady's bathtub and watches her naked and fried is pretty bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the idea of ​​psychos about how they think of killing women. With a level of misogyny that is pretty awful. people who wrote it are pretty bad - just as killing women is to be for our fun. After a lot of senseless murders, the film comes to the dining room - around which there are piles of goof-balls with black hoods without the hole for the eyes! He speaks with pride in all the murders he committed and sang. It's all very fun, though I'm not sure it was a scene. <br /> <br /> Then the film talks about various sex crimes and killing, and even vampirism and cannibalism. Why, I do not know - maybe because people did it to get to that cage. And again you see and hear the thoughts and acts of a haunted German-looking man watching people and killing them. By the way, as the film used what I must suppose are professional actors, I was wondering why so many people who were obviously Germans were chosen. While they tried to act as Americans and the film was to be in California, the accents are strong. Perhaps the German spectators looked at it and wondered how "realistic" was acting, but to all Americans it is obvious that these people are not their Americans! Since there really was the zodiac of the zodiac (which was never captured), I wonder why would anyone want to make a "fan movie" of such a kind for a sick threat? I mean ... was this movie perceived as snuff? I can not see anyone else wanting to see this or enjoy it. Actually, I wonder what motivates someone to shoot such a silly and offensive movie ?! It's worthless and deserves to be in the IMDb Bottom 100 list.
