Well, as Goethe once said, it really does not make sense to try to pass on a negative judgment that tries to be objective on "something that has a great effect." "La Maman et La Putain" has certainly gone through history as an influence on most of what has been done in France and elsewhere in the last thirty years, and nobody interested in the history of the film should definitely be discouraged from watching. To express a purely subjective judgment, I feel forced to disagree with almost every other review that is published here and tell people: "Do not look at it, it's a waste of your time, angry." And I do not mean "sick and angry" about "human condition" or something so general and profound, because that's exactly what most critics have accepted in their utter praise of the film - "the distress to observe in our ruthless autopsy of our emotional cowardice and cruelty "and so on - and if a genuinely or even broadly relevant message of this kind has actually been made, then the Director should have good reason to be content with himself, but his pessimistic conclusions may be. My beef with the film is rather that I do not see this hourly record of empty vanity and minor betrayal as justified or justified by any GENERALLY relevant message at all. All three of the main characters are deeply moral unattractive individuals: Alexandre to the highest degree, of course, because we see far from him and because he seldom closes for more than thirty seconds; Mary may be the least, because we see her smallest. Alexandra's handicapped and demanding monologues, of course, have some sort of entertainment value, but they wear slim as a man who realizes more and more clearly that Jean-Pierre Léaud is unlikely to play, and that with absurd notes like "a homme beau comme un film de Nicholas Ray ", in fact only reproduced the views of the word that were adopted as an authentic and profound environment in which, along with director Eustache, he lives about ten years of filming. I suppose if the tone of inexorable superficiality and triviality were preserved in the entire 100% of the film, it could be a long sardonic comedy about a particularly shallow, worthless and disrespectful post-'68 environment. But what this viewer at least was very angry with the director was to give him at least one lengthy scene of every Alexandre and Veronica, in which he obviously expects us to empathize and feel them as if they were sharing with us the moral universe. If one can get away living in an apartment and claim to love one woman, she sleeps (mostly in this apartment) with another and runs around Paris and proposes marriage a third, well, I suppose I wish him the best of luck in the world of dog- eating a dog he chose for himself. But what I can not do in my conscience is to listen for a moment to Mudlin monologues in which she talks about her "anxieties" and "despair." The same goes for the even more despised Veronica, whom we witness drunk to the apartment, and even the bed shared by Mary and Alexandre, and behaves with a childish disparity equal to the most wild and heartless cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman et La Putain" is to be more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronica, and Mary, three people who would never admit to their company without ever getting to him, I suppose there is some legitimacy in the fact that he praises the director for being "unstoppable" (though why would a man even feel as if he "felt" when one consciously decided to make such a deeply repulsive character to watch the film, I can not imagine) . The problem, however, is that the director is clearly convinced - and seems to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronica and Mary represent human beings in general and limits the emotional abilities of human beings. But this idea is a nasty and offensive nonsense. There may be a real mistake and a tendency to tragedy in human relations in general and especially in sexual relations. But the nature and extent of this fallacy and the tendency to tragedy can only be determined by people who will make sincere and serious efforts to make these relationships work. He certainly does not need a film or a genius to tell us that a person who behaves like an Alexandre will end up hated, miserable and alone, or that women who insist on the expectation of love from a person like Alexandre end up disappointed and bitter . Take a look at "La Maman et La Putain" if you have a historical interest in what happened after the culture and human interaction in a certain Parisian environment after the 68s, unfortunately, unfortunately not limited to a few especially antisocial types. But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is recorded here has any general meaning for humanity as could be argued by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese.
