This is perhaps the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerating, I told him in Blockbuster that they should take him off the shelf. The only interesting thing about this movie is the box. The box is written "from the director of the boogeyman", so I thought ... what if it was done recently, I'm sure the director will not be too bad at least: - \ but after I saw the movie and looked what he "talked about" about the boogeyman, it's been the nonsense he did since the early eighties. A great way to attract unsuspecting audiences. ALWAYS, I think they just liked the name "Zodiac Killer" and did not bother to investigate any of the crime crimes or its MO. in the years when he was active. All the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with the Zodiac, and "stories" about the original zodiac are taking place several years after the crimes of the criminals. They also compare Zodiac with "Vampire of Dusseldorf" by Fritz Haarman throughout the film and quite often talk to Fritz's "son". Zodiac and Haarman were nothing like it and it makes much more sense to compare him to BTK, who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing his neck. None of Haarman's facts is right, just a lot of stupid nonsense. His son even says, "Remember, his name was Fritz Haarman with 2 t" ... His real name has only one! I think the writer / director simply wrote a google search for serial killers and the fastest ones that came were Zodiac Killer and Fritz Haarman. "Ooh, which sounds like great names, we'll make a movie of them without doing any external research, a great idea!" Maybe my favorite inconsistency in this movie is that both the experts and the young killer describe the suffering of the DSM-IV and the cure of it. "I was also diagnosed with DSM-IV and since I've recovered" etc. For those of you who do not know, the DSM-IV is a psychological guide to mental disorders. If someone suffers from the book themselves, they must have some SERIAL problems! Ha-Ha. Anyway, my opinion is that it is at the bottom of my best 5 worst movies of all time lists and it's rare that the movie has ever reached this point. But if you're interested in watching a completely untrue story about serial murders that will not be more than boring, full of inexperienced actors and not quite rational, I say, look at this movie. <br /> <br /> ... Oh, and I liked how the killer "ripped" a few of his dry ice victims. Nice touch ...
