Straight to the point: "Groove Tube" is one of the most unsuccessful, awkward, and horrible movies ever made. This "comedy" is so invalid for anything remotely resembling the trail of a joke that it is almost incomprehensible that it has even happened. I said almost because they are all fans. <br /> <br /> This movie is neither "good" bad or "nice" bad. Placing this movie at the same level of fun as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime for these movies. You can actually watch and kick such movies. But this movie is so bad, so badly created, it's acting and script, and so incredibly still there is no trace of "camp" or "schlocku". <br /> <br /> This was done before the premiere of Saturday Night Live, the comparison was probably unavoidable. I'm not a big fan of SNL, but this movie is worse than the worst SNL skit you can find. And man, that's BAD. Just in order to let the audience leave, Shapiro throws every so often in his chest, but the badly shot breast of 1974 nobody nowadays does not look. It is true that this film is so badly created and it is such a trip that causes sleep. I doubt anyone ever woke up in 1974. A man named Ken Shapiro made this film. I swear to God that every ten-year-old person with a video camera could do something more fun and smarter. It's just unreal - it's really incredible movie. "Jokes" and "gags" are so childish that even young boys who want to go out in their father's porn pics at night will not laugh. I give this film one thing - the last sequence, the "dancing man" sequence in which the guy (Shapiro) dancing on the melody in the NYC streets is perhaps the best thing in this horrible movie. Not that the "dancing man" sequence is so great - she definitely has her moments when she is not smart because Shapiro desperately tries to fill the time for the whole song - but it was actually a little observable. Part of this sequence, where a policeman starts dancing with a man, is the only trace of cleverness in the whole movie. No wonder Shapiro gave this sequence the last time - again, though it is not so great that it easily defeats something else in this "movie". Otherwise, this movie is such a complete piece of bullshit, it's unbeatable for how a real human being can be so reckless. The name of this movie should be "Craparama Ken Shapiro." It's amazing that it has been done, but many really talented creators can not enter. However, I say that I think the geniuses at NYU would love this movie. Total rubbish.
