First, I would like to point out that the reason why I made this movie 1 star out of 10 is that there is no way it could not be! it's really so bad! I never felt that if I saw this movie after seeing the ads for it, I eventually saw it by accident, because some of my friends had tickets and they had one spare, so I tagged myself. Before I saw it, I had a pretty good idea that it would not be genius - the assumption seemed too stupid and stupid to get something out of it, but again I thought "but it had to be something good for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson are making a movie ... "Not that I think one of them is particularly amazing, but they are great stars that would normally only be movies that would improve their reputation. However, for about 10-20 minutes, I realized that the movie was probably worse than I expected for the first time. I was shocked at how terrible the script was. They really did to actors they had nothing to do that they really did look like they did not know what they were doing (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - when you saw the ad, you almost saw the movie! And there was nothing original about it-to some extent, every superhero is borrowing it, which would have been acceptable if the film was shot as a satir of this genre, but it was not. The direction looked like realism. I felt the director wanted the film to be realistic and not satirical, and yet there were some moments in the movie that were so incredibly unrealistic that it would work if it were satire. At one point in the movie, it seems that two of the characters are dying, and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh, it's dead ... time to go on" and he says it's such a deep voice that it was totally unimportant . I found that after about 40 minutes I looked at my watch to see how much longer I would have to sit. And then it hit me ... I started to think that "I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test to find out if it can make the worst possible film and still attract a big audience ..." I do not think for any other reason , why this movie should be created. For movies to be done these days, the script goes into a massive screening process and very few scripts actually do it to the production stage ... I can not understand how this passed the first stage design ... Into and deeply rooted stupid climax , I cordially laughed - not just what the filmmakers wanted to laugh but instead of what a ridiculous and silly movie was. Thank God I did not have to pay the money to see it ... because it would really make me angry !!! Oh, and I can only add that of the two Wilson brothers, I've always preferred Luke because I think he's a better and more versatile actor ... but if he wants to move into the shadow of OWEN then it's just the way to do it ... I doubt that after this wasteful waste will be 2 hours !!! and do not forget that he only got a generous 1/10 because I could not choose 0!
