I have to admit that when I went to see this movie I did not really have high expectations. But even at my low expectations, I was totally and completely disappointed ... Basically, Lukas Wilson is a hot shot that tends to go out with mildly crazy girlfriends. There is a slight mention of the girl who pursues him, but that is really a lot for him. Which I do not mean, because it is probably just as poorly developed as the rest of the film. So when you are on Rainn Wilson's metro (which I actually liked before this movie), he persuades him to talk to the "hot" girl, Uma Thurman. That's a little weird, because everyone can see clearly that Uma Thurman is not a "hot" category. Rainn Wilson's performance is also far from "hot". Normally I was for his acting, but he could not save the movie. His character was nervous, unrealistic and somewhat uncomfortable. You can never tell if the writers are trying to make a comic token or just desperate. It was almost painful. But somehow someone steals their purse as they leave the subway, and Luke Wilson is a charming savior who runs after the robbery. Now we all know that Uma Thurman is a superhero or "G-Girl" as she likes in the movie. It still prevents me from saying "G", but we leave it on the discussion forums. Discussion of sexual scenes I suppose it's funny, but I find out that I wonder who has sex like this? Almost throws a bed in the wall due to Utha Thurman's "misery". It makes a wounded head, but not in "I think it's really hard to grasp". When Uma offends Anna Faris and calls her "fuck", I had no debate with it. Besides not being able to select the movies correctly, she can not act and rely on being blonde and typical. <br /> <br /> Overall, I left the theater, did not pay $ 8.75 to see it. Characters are typical and absolutely free of chemistry, especially Uma Thurman. Someone should let her know that just because you're moving your head does not mean you're acting. Also, the script and story could have either a lot of work or a match and some lighter liquid. Actually, I began to feel embarrassed for the actors and their dying careers. Overall, if you value your money and your self-esteem, NEVER waste your time with this pathetic movie attempt.
