It's easy to see how this under-scenario was at the initial sales pitch in Regency Films (and later with Fox): overcoming the superhero genre with the comedy "Fatal Attraction" ... voilà! I do not know how a talented director such as Ivan Reitman began to engage on the ground, unless the payment was too tempting. Unmanned employee of architectural design firm in New York. meets the girl in the subway and asks her; despite being scattered and unpleasant, she eventually takes her to bed - only to find that she is later the greatest superhero of G-Girl from the Big Apple. This Superman, who has the powers that have been entrusted to him by a fallen meteorite, is not a fanciful heroine, but ... Don Payne has seen her as a necessary, wealthy and revengeful female (she telegrams us from one another, even though Uma Thurman still plays a role for sad laughter). This is the kind of worthless film that can not afford insult. Our introduction to Luke Wilson's leading man, who talks to Rain Wilson on the train, is accompanied by oxygen in homosexuals (we are confident that they are strictly ladies with these two friends). After G-Girl's nemesis approached her, who wants to turn his powers on, Wilson is told that it will make her an ordinary woman despise ... and is not that better? Thurman's early performances in "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" featured an intelligent woman with haughty grace and hypnotic poetry; her films with Quentin Tarantin helped to reveal the tenderness of hardness and intensity, but it came at a price (the actress apparently lost her graceful touch). The image is extremely well produced and shot, with expensive seemingly special effects, but no one bothered to find humor in this scenario. It is exaggerated, casual, ugly, and wrong. Angry, frozen Wilson can not tell any of his co-workers that he is dating G-Girl because he made him swear to him that he'd prefer a new chainsaw that stuck to his rectum. I wonder if writer Payne really thought it was funny ... or indeed if any of them did? * z ****
