At what point is a good movie bad? When the movie moves from "watchable" to "where is the switch" ^ @ _ + #! "OFF" Thanks to God for a DVD like the one you can borrow from the library - for free! Likewise, thanks to God for the "fast forward" switch on a DVD player, I'm sorry for the people who were killed at the box office. br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> At one point (I have forgotten because now it's all blur), our 'hero' begins with Luke Wilson through traffic, I think he was looking for a taxi, it was when I surrendered I did not know if she was able to find her ride or get into the dustbin.When the last time the movie was interesting, it was when Luke Wilson climbed out of the store, the hair dryer in his hand and first encountered the "hero" , Uma Thurman.This scene ended when the criminal captured a criminal who was helplessly hung from a fire escape far, far beyond the departing Luke and Uma.It was the last time the movie was fun and when was that scene? Ten minutes into the movie? when the movie tries he could not stand, "he could not," and whenever the film approached the "excitement," he jumped and headed in the opposite direction. If a musical score could help push the life out of this dullard, the soundtrack remained blank and silent. Sexual scenes were not necessary and were outside of chrome; damage to sets and props is useless and childish. When Uma turns into a crazy former girlfriend, I feel I'm looking at "The 40 Year Old Virgin Meets Pulp Fiction"; that's when I realized he did not come back because I strongly hated "The 40 Year Old Virgin" and "Pulp Fiction." Luke Wilson is a sidekick, Rainn Wilson (also seen in the haunting "The Last Mimzy") brings nothing but to hurt the damage in this terrible movie. Rainn Wilson, the king of television boredom, should stay with this equally awful medium. Hey, Rainn Wilson! Leave your feature films alone! Every time Uma, Anna Faris, appeared on the screen, I expected Jason or Freddy or some spooky treacherous ditch to pop up from behind the scenery; once you see Anna Faris in "Scary Movie," that's all you see, regardless of the movie, regardless of the medium. The character played by Wanda Sykes was just terrible and she was so out of this movie.
