Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks she found the perfect woman in Jenna Johnson (Uma Thurman), who looks like a quiet but pretty woman, though she soon learns she's needed and obsessed, and she's also a superhero of G-Girl , though you would not know the things Matt does when he gets scared and breaks with her. The promising assumption is destroyed by the average execution. My Super Ex-Girlfriend is still a nice comedy, but she relies too much on cheap sex jokes and it will end up as a memorable experience. What's wrong? Cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the screenplay and I did not like how they played it. I expected that guy would be crazy and it could be a fantasy female movie. However, they made the boy sympathetic and they made the superhero psycho. It just was not too fresh, and after about forty minutes the film exhausted that it was welcome. Sure, there were some fun lines, but the weak middle and the terrible end kept her from falling apart. Director Ivan Reitman lost his impression. After a successful run in the eighties and early nineties he began to do crap like Evolution and Father's Day. I do not think my Super Ex-Girlfriend is a bust, but I do not give him any quality that the film holds, which is not much. Don Payne did a terrible work on the script. Most jokes were lame and most supporting characters were just one note. He has repeatedly repeatedly used many of the same jokes that make things really tedious at times. Several actors were good enough to save the film. Uma Thurman was great as G-Girl and had many funny lines. Luke Wilson was a bit pale and was not very interesting. I do not think he is an attractive head of a human being and he is better in supporting roles than in a family stone. Anna Faris is just doing her "Scary Movie" routine and she's a little old. He needs a call or at least some better scripts. Wanda Sykes is either hit or miss for me. She was great in Monster-In-Law and she was bad in Clerks 2. Here, she's just uncomfortable and does not bring anything to the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not terrible, but it had so much potential and the end result was just average. Rating 5/10
