Now I like Bela Lugosi, do not do me wrong, it's one of the most interesting people who ever shot the film but definitely managed to get a share of clunkers.This is just another one. <br /> <br /> Lugosi plays Dr.Lorenza, a doctor who obtained his medical license for unexplained reasons. But he does experiments to keep his wife young and beautiful. He found out that he was 70-80 years old, but Lugosi seems to be in his mid-1950s so why he's never really married to the old woman. Anyway, this treatment or attempts involved giving the bride that is married to the altar, some sweet scent, are considered dead. Then Lugosi and some of his helpers steal the body on the way to the morgue and take it back to its lab where it is stored in some suspended animation or catatonic state. Then stolen brides have a needle ground somewhere in their body, perhaps on the neck, and then the needle is plunged into the body of Lugosi's woman to bring her back to her youth and beauty. We never know where Lugosi is holding a needle, or what it is that draws from the bride, but it will somehow restore his wife. An apparently old age causes you to scream with pain because Lugosi woman makes a lot of shouting until she returns to her younger state. He helps Lugosi in his lab, it's the only good thing about this movie ... a strange old hag and her two deformed sons ... one son is a big sinful looking slow acting actor who loves bold brides and the other son is a little dwarf. .. small person, being politically correct in today's world. At night the three of them simply gather and sleep in Lugosi's sad in the ground floor laboratories. Who are these three and how they became Lugosi's frightened assistant is like many things in this film never explained. Likewise, a female reporter gets a job editor to find out where all the brides are stolen on one thing in common amongst all the stolen brides is a rare orchid that is on them. So he asks around and is told that there is a world famous orchid expert living in the neighborhood who just happens to be the one who developed this particular orchid. This expert turns out to be a haunted Dr.Lorenz. He quickly watches him and distracts his little house of horror. I'm not sure where the police were at all this, but they came to clean up when the reporter did all the dirty work. It seems that Lugosi's movies always had some stupid fence of a fence that made the whole thing smelly high in the sky. I think the world-famous orchid expert has kidnapped brides by sending them doped up the orchid he is known to have evolved? D'oh! And then later it turned out that young ladies may not even be the brides for the procedure to work, so why would Lugosi constantly carry brides from heavily guarded churches for his experiments and have created a lot of attention and newspaper headlines? Why not catch a prostitute out of the street, as if he were a normal pervert? This clunker reminded me of a lot of other Lugosi's arsonist, "The Devil Bat" ... the same stupid plot and bad gambling, and the same stupid reporter gets into a bad boy. But Lugosi is always good - it's creepy and ominous enough that you care about at least enough to watch him. The woman who played the reporter was just a terrible actress ... she had no emotions at all, she delivered the lines as a machine gun as fast as she could. Everyone else went off to a large extent when she came to good actors. But this thing is observable, even for fans of Bela Lugosi. even though the painting was a dog. He had to know he was making terrible pictures, but he might also know that if he gave him everything he had with such a small amount of intensity, he could see all the wrong deeds and the bad behavior that surrounded him. <br /> <br /> And he was right --- my horror fans will always have a love for Bela Lugosi. He gave him everything every time He's in front of the camera. We give you two f ** ks, Bela.
