Only secretions of the glands - and please do not ask for any further details - young virgins can keep the rapidly worsening body and the mind of the crazy old amateur gardening woman fresh and juvenile. Since, like most people, except for those who take part in medical tests, Lorenz (Bela Lugosi) rarely leave their secrecy willing, they will ensure that they are abducted and respected. He will earn himself. <br /> <br /> What a great cheese ball the premise for a low budget horror film. If The Corpse Vanishes shows it is not a horror, like a simple limburger it leaves an interesting scent. <br /> <br /> Of course, acting is almost terrible, except for actors who are happy to play on a crazy dwarf (Angelo Rossitto, who later played The Master in Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome); his crazy brother brother, an angel (Frank Moran), who has a lot of misery and has a hair fetish virgin; crazy mother of two (Minerva Urecal); crazy wife (Elizabeth Russell) who sleeps in a plush coffin and, of course, a crazy doctor (Lugosi). Entrepreneurial young reporter Patricia Hunter (Luana Walters) follows a doctor for a strange orchid with a special sweet smell the victims have worn. When the doctor and his wife invite Pat to stay the night, the storm immediately falls apart. This clue tells us that some violent violence is about to break in. Since it is well known that in Hollywood at that time all unmarried young women were virgins, Pat may have some unpleasant surprises to deal with. They include dark passages, crunchy labs where a dead dead virgin, cellar mausoleum, and later a direct threat to the secretions of stomach Patricia are placed. If she survives, what story she will have to give to her editor. <br /> <br /> If you sample this moist slice of moldy Velvete (and why not? Do not be better), do not judge Bela Lugosi the company he holds here. He had a huge impact on Dracula (1931), but my favorite film is Black Cat (1934). Like Dr. Vitas Werdegast is a sad, ironic man who protects his two young friends. When he eventually took the scalpel to Hjalmar Poelzig (Boris Karloff) and started the men alive, ah, well, that's a great scene.
