SEVEN BUNS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MORALLY DISTURBING The film was distributed in Italy as "Seven Souls". I was curious about the original title, and after some research, I found out that it was about Shakespeare's Venice businessman, where Shullock had a terrible bond with merchant Antonio, who would have to put his "pound" on him if he could not to repay your debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan of something deeply human, characterized by human sympathy, the original, although cultivated so much that no one is unbeatable, it does only in its reference to the body something cold, rational, deeply rooted physical aspect of man. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben's plan is revealed by its original name: it is a cold machinace aimed at "donating" parts of his body but without authentic human empathy, at least the audience is not given the chance to see or perceive the pure soul relationship throughout the movie. The only exception is a love story with a girl that seems to be a kind of unplanned event that Ben brings but unable to pass on real emotional engagement. I really did not like the idea at the heart of the movie: the idea that a person who is suffering the pain of the death of his beloved and other people he himself has decided to refute his sense of guilt by suicide: besides being unlikely, it makes no sense. I would like it and I think it would be more positive if Ben finally decided to abandon the idea of ​​committing suicide and to continue living, helping those same people and perhaps many others just stand by them and helping them through their presence. He would not have saved his life miraculously, of course: it would probably cause more suffering, but I think it could be more constructive from a human and moral point of view. There are many illogical and disturbing things: the initial reference to God's Creation in seven days (which, according to the Bible, is closer to six!): What does it mean? And what a woman who suffers from a heart disease that prevents her from running and even singing without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, as it should be, destroyed by the death of his wife and who donated organs and bits his body, does not seem to feel as emotionally and physically as impatient as his state of deterioration? The film is saved by a good actor, but everything else is pure nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from human and emotional.
