First of all, I'm not conservative. Even if I had never branded myself as a liberal or a Democrat, I had been fighting against Iraq for the first day. I think it's safe to say John Cusack, and I'm likely to look into politics with eyes, in fact, I'm sure we'd be drinking friends if we ever talked about how big BBC Adam Curtis's papers are. I mean this: Do not discredit this review by thinking that I'm not a part of the Cusack Proverbs in War, Inc. There is no doubt that WI policy is tailor-made to my demographic, but the problem is, tailoring is incomparable, and Cusack's film co-wrote, produced and stars in, fits worse than a cheap suit. As they say, "the way to hell is paved with good intentions." Cusack, his co-authors, director Joshua Seftel and even the actors involved had undoubtedly intended to make the anti-war movie every bitter and entertaining as M * A * S * H ​​Robert Altman, unfortunately for the viewer, they ended up with one as unhappy and unintelligent like Canadian Salt Michael Moore. <br /> <br /> The current state of American politics, foreign policy and the efforts of the war forces is already absurd and as a result is tragic and, unfortunately, funny - just watch The Daily Show and see yourself. Most importantly, you can not write material as fun as what the Bush administration provides on a daily basis, so why are you trying to compete? The main problem with WI is that it feels comfortable to hurry together. To do that, Cusack basically cannibalized Grosse Pointe Blank (one of his best films), changed the setting, and set himself on the shopping list of ideas that were removed from the works of Naomi Klein. Most of these ideas hit the throat in the first twenty minutes of the movie, and what makes them so uncomfortable is none of the jokes or gags, or deliberately obvious references to Halliburton, Neo-Cons and American occupation of Iraq, are imaginative, smart or entertaining. Writers are so blinded by their own dogma that they simply refer to these questions, the film would be fun and subversive. The problem is ... is not. Now these thoughts are yesterday's news, and if you've lived under a rock or you are blinded by ignorance, denial, and total stupidity (read: right-wing Christian), these jokes are offensive. <br /> <br /> Maybe WI would work if it was more nuanced, subversive, insulting, and blunted by detailed research on occupation. There are always jokes and visual shields on the surface, and they are so bad, with so little subtlety, subtlety or satirical reputation, they have done me more than to keep me busy. Homer Simpson once said, "It's funny because it's true," and the Daily Show proves it every night; War, Inc. but it proves that just because it's true does not mean it's funny. The most important thing is that hyperbole is not needed when it comes to illuminating American / non-conservative politics ... it's a big joke. <br /> <br /> http://eattheblinds.blogspot.com/
