Well, it's Robin Hood as a "geker" all right ... just like advertising! It did not seem very promising and, unfortunately, it was worse than I thought. Ladin Robin I can take; Robin, who tangles with her daughter daughter, whom I can pay for. but Robin, who exchanges a non-very fun banter with his only advertiser, is harder to swallow, and Robin and * full cast * who seem to have trouble managing their line is a kiss doom. How could anyone let such annoyed van go through without re-shooting the scenes? Again and again, It sounded as if he had tried half-empty Shakespeare than to relax with a salty smile; In hopes, I was hoping it was just a disappointed comic feature of a character clearly destined for comedy, but then it began to spread over the rest of the cast. Errol Flynn in a role, he had the inclination to bring the highly developed dialogue as naturally as if he was just thinking about it ... and as this production shows, it's not that easy! If they wanted to build the characters like a chappy chappy, the actors should be divided accordingly: It sounds like they have no idea how to deal with them. I'm afraid I did not like the pantomime of the sheriff, for a similar reason; The lines are obviously not meant to be taken seriously, but delivered (and in this case written) with wailing and winks at the audience. They are out of place - the fourth walls - bustling things - but it really is not that funny. This very promised production reminded me of a lively school game. The only actor and character I felt as though I was playing Guy from Gisbourne, who was the only one who seemed to have any hand on a credible crime and (b) a credible characterization - but honestly, I did not say it was a very good idea about the future of the series! As soon as I write the songs, I'll give her another shot in the hope that things can improve and listen to a little over the next week, with a rather nicely set scenic setting and maybe more actors happy with the dialogue: after all, the initial episode of Doctor Who was not exactly a stop, even though it was not as bad as this. But if I see no improvement after episode 2, I'm afraid the series almost certainly lost one viewer. Which would be a pity because I have a weak spot for Robin Hood, "a legend on the screen, from the adventures of Douglas Fairbanks to Richard Greene's heavy addiction, but Robin can not feed my bloodsily.
