Gods ... where to start. During the first 10 minutes I was able to stomach before I turned her off. In addition to the actor who played Robin Hood himself, the rest was terrible. And I can only extend my suspension of mistrust just till now. From the opening of the first episode I lost the number of mistakes, plot of holes and terrible costumes. It started with a poor peasant who tried to catch deer to feed his family. Everyone well and well. The poor man had to be mostly deaf, because a handful of soldiers, in full armor, on horseback, managed to slip to about 10 feet. <br /> <br /> Then, when he runs away from being 10 feet behind, to the shot where you can not see them at all, he immediately follows about 20 feet behind him. Then he gets into several shrubs and is instantly manipulated by two soldiers who just a few seconds ago galloping on a horse, tens of feet behind. <br /> <br /> The "armor" of the soldiers is so painfully apparently the cloth they tried to look like in the mail and badly failed. Not to mention that the "armor" of the leading soldier is about 5 sizes too big for the poor. Seriously, it looks like he's a small child wearing his father's clothes. Eventually, Robin manages to shoot about 5 perfectly focused shots around a military hand, for about 2 seconds, of what looks like a repeating bow. No man alive could make such shots, in this short time, with a rifle rifle, much less a bow. Then they escape the soldiers, and they stop to help with the amazingly dressed and clean the "peasant" by digging the ditch ... something that all the nobles were willing to do all the time, right? How is this justifiable justification for the series that has the second season is behind me. Production costs (at least for what I saw) had to rise in tens of dollars (or euros) ... Really - I think the classroom of dramatic colleges could do better. It was so bad, even the awful version of Robin Hood Kevin Costner was better. I strongly recommend that you skip this immortality and go to sell or buy the medium "80" Robin of Sherwood series. Much better written, it was, dressed and produced. <br /> <br /> For shame, BBC ... for shame ...
