Contains spoilers. British director J. Lee Thompson has created some excellent films, especially "Ice Cold in Alex" and "Cape Fear," but "Country Dance" is one of his favorite bids. The story is located among the upper classes of rural Scotland and details the special triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, the eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister Hilary and the estranged husband Hilary Douglas, who hopes to reconcile her. We learn that during his career as an army officer Charles was considered to be a person with a "low moral thread". It seems to be the exact diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film, he has a somewhat gloomy attitude to the world, and his main source of emotional support is Hilary and his bottle of whiskey. The film ends with determination in a crazy asylum. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was in his best form as in 'Lawrence of Arabia', one of the leading British actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven and 'Country Dance' is not one of his better movies. Desperately exaggerating, making Charles a cartoon of an inbred, inbred aristocrat, as if he had been auditioning for a work in the Monty Python sketch "Upper-Class Twit of the Year." Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are rather better, but in the film there is not really a superb acting performance. There is also little in the way of a continuous conspiracy, apart from the story of Charles's inexorable descent. The main problem with the film, however, is not even acting or conspiracy, but rather the theme that does not dare to speak. Between Charles and Hilary, there are probably some creepy signs of an incestuous relationship or, at least, incestuous attractiveness to her, and that his dislike of Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in the 1960s and early 1970s (the date of the film was given differently as either 1969 or 1970), it was limited by what the British Council of Film Censors was willing to afford, and the film with an explicitly incarnate theme was definitely out of bounds. (The American title for the film was "brotherly love," but it was not used in Britain, was it too suggestive of what BBFC likes?) These names have never evolved and we will never know what motivates Charles or what caused his moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole in the middle. 4/10
