If you borrow a movie titled "Exterminators of the Year 3000", the probabilities are good, you know what you get. I myself have sold promising descriptions of "nuke mutants", "motor-psychos" and, of course, the "exterminators" themselves, which, according to the backstage of the film storehouse, are all running around the post-apocalyptic barren desert, causing a variety of chaos. Let's make frantic shots and low budgets - at least that was my hope for this movie. Now I like an occasional horrible movie, and if you read comments on 3000 Exterminators, you probably do. It was said that I considered this film to be a solid "1 (horrible)" - not because I hated the film completely, but because it is one of the most justified scary movie filming I've ever seen. Dialogue, acting, cinematography, audio editing, editing in general, plot, etc. Atd. - All are worthy of what certainly must be the low expectations of the audience due to this amazing title. <Br /> So what's really "good" about this bad movie? It has a few of what my circle lovingly calls "quality kills". Quality kills, for those few of you who are not familiar with this term, is not difficult and quick, but generally refers to someone who was particularly ugly, creative or ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The 3000 Exterminators also have a good deal of "dialogue so bad - it becomes funny", which is largely delivered by Crazy Bull, appropriately called the leader of an unfortunate motorist psycho gang - which by the way also provides the most if you're hoping for a big deal from Nuke Mutants, think again, they play basically a zero part in the movie ... shucks!). Crazy Bull, however, is all you could ask for b-movie motor-psycho. Shakespeare's paraphrase and weird PG-style insults are all he knows how to say ... and that's amazing. In spite of its quality, it kills and bad dialogue, but if you're looking for a really fun bad movie, Exterminators of the Year 3000 are a little disappointed in the fact that his draw is limited to things like stupid and obsolete special effects, quality killing and bad dialogue. justifying the whole length, especially for forty minutes or so, in which the audience is forced to watch the characters in long-haul and boring automobile "chase" and long desert tournament sequences ... Overall, this is a pretty good movie, but hey, it's not Death Race 2000 .
