The first noticeable problem with this fearless film is its casting. Ann Nelson plays grandmother here. After three years he will play in "Airplane!" as a woman hanging while listening to Robert Hays's pine for Julie Hagerty. I could not get this picture from my head. Matt Boston is a 15-year-old with problems. She has headaches. His mother had a nervous breakdown. Grandfather had a massive heart attack. Chain smoking a psychiatrist decides to find out what the devil is doing with this family. He first hypnotized grandmother Nelson. Nelson tells a story in a memory that fills the first half of the movie. She and her grandfather bought the RV, cheap and taken it to all the traps in the desert of California. The RV soon has its own mind when it comes out of the way and the like. The big boulders then start to roll. The elderly couple is frightened but stays in the vehicle to move the plot. <br /> <br /> Finally, the grandfather has a heart attack after being stuck on the RV roof when it comes to another unplanned ride. <br /> <br /> Boston's mom starts talking with some native American mummies lying around the house. She boasts the author and makes full notes about flocks. The psychiatrist reads the detailed notes and uses her imagination to fill the blanks. We see her mother leaping, but her mental disorder is on the screen, much like Gramp's heart attack. Finally, patient patience, little Matt. Matt goes under the hypnosis gun and tells his own story. He thinks Mom is pulling out (it happened in 1977). Mum appears to cause astral bodies of Indian mummies to fly through the air. One hit Matt as a bee, hit the windshield, and Matt wanders. Psychiater takes his grandmother and Matt into the desert. Matt is inexplicable on the wheelchair and the trio stands in front of invisible (and inexplicable) forces. Flocker does not make sense for scene design. One of them includes RV entangled in a salt flat in the desert. In the distance they see a couple of boulders that move toward the RV. This is a pretty scary little scene that is ultimately playable. When the boulders begin to move towards the vehicle, special effects appear. The scenes where the RV runs from the highway then turn on again and last forever. The scenes where a grandfather is imprisoned on the RV roof as he takes care of the dusty path takes forever. Mommy talks with mummy last forever. Matt's experiences from the body last forever. This movie lasts forever. <br /> <br /> I was tempted to push the fast forward button for at least a dozen times. As the scenes drew, it was obvious that Flocker was falling. Cut this fat and it would be an hour. The final "explanation" that mummies spirits try to kill those close to Matt never holds water. Had they inhabited RVs? The filmmaker never brings the fact that spirits are not good in their murderous ways, they will never kill anyone! When I thought about Nelson in "The Airplane!", I also thought of other movies. Anything that will not let me fall asleep during this. Boston is frightening as a child, playing a fifteen-year-old as a cute ten-year-old man who has a smart, alert line for all those adults who fall over and love him. Eventually Flocker wrote and controlled the mess. The title is just the beginning of this exercise when viewers feel bad. It's not frightening and like ghosts you can still walk ... away from this tape in the video store. This is unrated and contains some physical violence and mild nausea.
