*** LIGHT SPOILER ALERT *** The story sounds good, and if you read a novel, you probably expect a deep and intense movie that might offer some insight into some interesting and inadequately explored human relationships. > <br /> <br /> The script will try to do it, the director will try to do it, but the main cast gets worse. Maria is an actress so dry that she lacks any feeling, her most intense moments seem almost comic. Sometimes he seems nervous about the camera. Her only real feel scene is near the end where the girl gets her. Ioana seems to be even more tense than Maria and even worse, it does not seem to be natural at all. Maria had an attitude even though she was artificially shifted to be obvious, but she had and her character gained some credibility. And to make it even worse, we did not have a preview of it: where does it come from, how did it engage in lesbian relationships, how did the relationship develop? We get only a few pieces from parents and their relationship seems to be "to be" there: it has content and end, but no beginning. Just like her partner Maria, she has just one scene that really touches, a scene in which she excludes Mary from the character of Kiki. Tudor is the only person in this movie (besides the actress, great actress), who has proved an actor's talent. He has the attitude of the character and it suits him. Only once or twice it seems to spoil (a scene at the parents' meals, trying to be obvious if it was not necessary at all). I love the story, Tudor Chiril is all right, landlady is actually acting, and Puya delivers his own lines in style, but that film will not save. The bad thing was that the environment had enormous potential, and Romanian cinema could use the film on this topic. <br /> <br /> It seems that the incestuous relationship between brother and sister has more credibility than non-background without feeling (well, Maria spoken interludes are a nice attempt in this direction) Lesbian relationship Maria and Ioana. I'm so sorry I spent the money on the ticket, I'd rather watch her out of the comfort of my room.
