Jeffrey Combs is a mad scientist whose stem cell research has turned into a diabolic plan that created a hybrid humanoid shark that hoped to be a newborn species using the Hunter Tylo's wound. It is not easy for Tylo to be heavy and her friend William Forsythe will not defend her without fighting. You see that Tylo and Forsythe are two of Arthur Roberts' business managers, brilliant minds who meet Combs (a scientist who once worked for Roberts and whose displaced position went to Tyl) on an island where he conducted his research and experiments. This island gives him the opportunity to hire fresh sacrifices for his work and "son". He thinks it is a professional matter with a breakthrough in stem cell research that could lead to the healing of various diseases. Combs's son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to play his crazy science on him and create this bloodthirsty, body food that can swim and walk dry (out for a short time). Tylo dated the son of Combs, and hence the union, except for those who worked for Roberts, who brought his wife to Marihu Ignatov. Also accompanied by Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatov, their colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. The ridges are captured in the conference room, but they are able to escape to the island when they send out their well-paid mercenary and shark son. <br /> <br /> As well as a similar sci-fi channel creative features of this type, Hammerhead: Shark Madness has some relatively inexplicable computer-generated effects and attacks (... where the shark divides the limbs) are shot in a fast editable, frenzied camera format , where you have a hard time sometimes seeing one of the subsequent bloody bloodshed. You have this vague idea that you are eating (... torn into pieces), but the attacks are shot in a very unstable way, which is quite annoyingly true. The monster itself is never to be seen in its fullness, just the momentary glimpses of the eye or parts of the body that bother when the victim screams in horror. One thing is certain, you see your teeth. We get cgi shark swatches shots to the screen, all horrible, ready for a holiday on the body. It is constant when victims are attacked, we see a lot of blood and pieces of meat that bubbling on the surface of the water (it's really the main director Michael Oblowitz to inform the viewer that the tears are separated by goners). <br /> <br /> Nails will not break the ground as a scientist, but he has always had the ability to convey peaceful madness under this cold-blooded determination. It's fun to see Forsythe in the rare role of a pure hero, very against the type of electronics wiz (..to his credit, he actually pulls it out) who must take the lead when the group faces unprecedented dangers. Tylo also has a very different role - a scientist who can defend himself well. Roberts can play a million-dollar business role in his sleep, and it's a bit neat when he saw him burn a machine gun on the Combs soldiers (though his fate is not pleasant). He remembered that it was also really fun to watch Forythe and Tylo reduce Combs' leased goons with confiscated automatic machine guns. As expected, the script will allow those who created the murderous devil to get into unnecessary danger just to pay for their sins. Do I seriously think that these people would have consciously left such a vulnerable offensive, the human anatomy that she could do? A beautiful exotic setting is a pretty nice background.
