Where the hell are all the uncharted islands, where the orthodox monsters are hiding, the evil doctors are doing their experiments, the madmen holding the ultimate karate championship and the rich hunters for the sport? I had no idea there were so many unsaved islands, but if you consider the number of films that use one of these mysterious islands as a place, you have to assume there are at least 50 of them out there. It always feels so damn comfortable and instantly subtracts points from any movie that uses this intimidated device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who runs experiments on one of these uncharted islands, so the film has had a lot to solve before it even started. The island of this film belongs to Dr. Moreau, but was recently purchased by re-animator Jeffrey Combs himself. Old Jeffrey is doing some research on top stem cells that led him to work with sharks to find a cure for cancer. If it sounds good, it's because it's roughly the same basic setting as the intelligent shark device in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention many other Nu Image films. Obviously, Jeffrey's son was dying of the cancer that prompted our mad doctor to start experimenting with his offspring. He did some super fantastic gene coupling and so on, and he transformed his son into a shark. William Forsythe leads a group of unknown actors to the island to look at the doctor's experiments. If someone had given him a sailor's hat, William would have been a dead ring for the ambassador from Gilligan Island. In a typical Bond Villain way, your doctor decides that all of these intruders will make a son a nice chum. No buddies, like buddies ... chum, like shark food. So, enter a shark that starts tracking the commander and his cohorts across the island. Of course, they make half-time attempts to escape and are suppressed again and again while being persecuted by a guy in a rubber shark suit. <br /> <br /> The film did not create any of the points he lost for taking part in one of the miseries of the abandoned islands. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, I was thinking about the old joke. Why do you hit the head with a hammer? Because you feel so good when you stop. That's pretty much how this movie is. The only reason you look at it is that it's so good when it's over.
