As a faux-Russian scientist says two thirds of the way to the movie, "I came for science." It almost sums up the reason why I was watching this film - everything that includes half a man, a shark with a semicircle, definitely deserves a serious empirical investigation from a flat aspiring scientist. Or, as they say in Bizu, my girlfriend's brother had a motorway and the rest is history. Let's say the special effects were bad, it would mean badness in special effects. That's 2005, it's not that hard to film a car scene without a cheese bluescreen background. Yeah, it was charming and up-to-date when it was filming Hitchcock "The Birds," but in 2005 it just looks like a low budget. Save me a cheap science fiction attempt and make me a real attempt to discontinue mistrust. However, after severely defying the overall concept of this film, let me tell you again that it is sad, as it may sound, it is probably your time. If nothing else, it's a tour of the power of bad sci-fi - it's worth studying a new movie fan and definitely worth a refresher course for those who have seen several films for their day. <br /> <br /> Crazy hunchback mad scientist with a hammer who thinks it's a good idea for a spoon of blood to nearby water to question me not only the intelligence of humanity but also the ability of "B" movie writers to come with remotely plausible conspiracy. <br /> <br /> This film also largely meets one of my many years of bad film arguments - bad guys always wear sunglasses. If it was not 2005, be a deadset that this movie was some sort of crazy metaphor for the Cold War. I think you might also have Khan on the bridge of a Klingon flying bird, who puts footbridges in his mouth. One of the film's most moving lines is when a cat without a bra insists that Charlton Heston looks like "we'll wait for Tom" when he tries to pick up an escape helicopter from the ground. The point is that Tom loses bad sunglasses with his infinite banana clips attached to his Kalashnik or AK-47, in the sense of the layman. As a mad scientist says near the end of the film, "my goal is to develop a human species" - it is enough to say that this film only contributed to the decentralization of humanity. Weak freedoms that a mad scientist told when preparing female protagonists to join them with a hammer shark is simply a reminder that even at the worst stage of science fiction we all find something laughing.
