"Weak" misfortune of four au pairs who arrived in London on the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, Danish, German and Chinese. The story makes everyone choose their clothes, engage them in some kind of humor like Carry On and combine them with the various losses of British film and television culture of that time, including the man about Richard O'Sullivan's star, the future Coronation Street hurt Johnny Briggs and Horror filmmaker Ferdy Mayne (playing Sheikh). There is a fairly unjust amount of female nudity on the screen, for those who like such things (but of course nothing hardcore). Most of the film is pretty thin and insignificant; girls are stereotyped, and German Anita particularly suffers from some kind of infantile disorder - it's a fool obsessed with a color television that behaves like some unfinished baby and dress to deliberately show her private parts; another serious film would be a psychiatric thing. The most interesting part of the film is that a Swedish girl is taken to a club in London, where some nasty guys are still trying to rock, be seduced by middle-aged rockers, lose virginity, and realize that the scene is not for her. These sequences have some energy in them and point to an interesting film before we are finished, in which the promiscuity and jungle of the music business and the higher classes live a soulless and frantic life (John stands still like an impotent public school of the roué). The strangest of the story is the Chinese girl (a future cannibal film veteran Me Me Lay), who has moved away with a child-friendly employer, fell in love and then left without a good reason in the middle of the night, with the exception of some Oriental thought that "Chinese birds are unpredictable, that?! " The film is somewhat degrading to its female attitudes, and homophobia appears in dialogue and one of the characteristic features. The end is amazing because Mayin's Sheikh does not get any earthly reason (except that the film must end in a certain way), all the girls will take to their Arab kingdom for what looks like the future of the white slave shop, which they are all pleasure. <br /> <br /> Things and nonsense for the most part then, but directed with true skill by veteran Val Guest who gives him as a piece of film to make a notch over most of the seventies Brit sexploitation flicks.
