I filmed this film at the Edinburgh Film Festival. I have not heard much about it; just that it was a terribly dark thriller, shot digitally at a very low budget. I was hoping to catch another big Brit-Flick. But I must say I was very disappointed. "This is not a love song," followed by two criminals who, following the unintentional shooting and killing of a young farmer's daughter, become entangled in a deadly cat and mouse game when locals decide to take things into their own hands and chase them down. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is another example of style over the essence of British film. Angles and adjustments to the camera are completely inconsistent with the story as well as top performances and terrible slowdowns that only make the whole thing look like an expensive home video. There are repeated attempts to make the film appear nervous and redhead, which instead comes as joyous and over the top (Cue is a pathetic, obligatory drug scene and countless, unnecessary camera approaches). No amount of cliché like this can mask the fact that this is a pretty bad story. We have seen such things many times before and a hundred times better, especially in John Boorman's "liberation". But in the second movie we actually cared for the characters, in this movie I found myself only wanting to be hunted and killed as quickly as possible. It would not even be so bad if their opponents were scary or worth it, but instead they were just a collection of stereotyped, inbred-looking nations. Again, another attacking, exaggerated cliché appeared. Surely there are some nice people in the country, the creators? In his defense, "It's Not Love Song" contains several good, exciting moments, but it's hard to see this movie doing anything but go directly to the video, or push, to get a very limited edition cinema. It's not a patch for last year's low-budget hunt in the hills, "Dog soldiers". Perhaps the British cinema could actually start over again if the right money stopped walking on bad people.
