Realizing where this version of 1976 A STAR IS BORN is coming to think of it: its last number is sung by Barbra Streisand in seven minutes and forty seconds close up, followed by a further two and a half minutes freezing Ms Streisand - capturing Christ's pose - for the final credits. For over ten minutes of uninterrupted Barbra's distinctive visual dead center, filling the big screen with an uncompromising ego. This could be a movie recording. Or think about it: The story of this musical body revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars, while Streisand's songs are full - including the endless finale - her career, Kris Kristofferson, can not complete any single song she performs. Even when she allows her to contribute a little back to a few of her ditties, they actually sing a duet. Or, consider this: Streisand's name appears in credits at least six times, including recognition for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (her box) - and she also allegedly wanted but could not get a co-managing loan. One of her credits was as executive producer, with producer credit to her then-friend and former hairdresser, Jon Peters. Streisand drove the final cut of the film, which explains why he is obsessed with the film sliding in the direction. What he does not explain is how, at every opportunity for The Great Diva to look good, their effort has become bad for Streisand. Although it was one of the greatest hits of Streisand's boxing hits, it's probably her worst film and the worst performance. Moving the melodrama from Hollywood to the sex-drug-and-rock world Streisand plays Esther Hoffman, a singer on the way to the observatory, who for a moment shares a quick ride with John Norman Howard of Kristofferson, a hard swing heading for a ramp to Hasvallville. In the previous incarnations of the story, "Norman Maine" sacrifices her career as a lead man to help newcomer Vicky Lester achieve her success. In the feminist seventies, Streisand & Co. they want to clarify that their heroine owes the man, so the trajectory is bevelled; succeeds with or without him and is far from scene one; it is a burden that must be known in the name of love. As such, it is obviously an effort to make the leading lady not only harder, but almost ruthless, while her paramour comes out like a silky twitch. Kristofferson embraces film with credible indifference to material; makes a small attempt to give great performance and strangely serves his purposeless, unsuccessful character. Streisand, on the other hand, does not even feel honest in all of his time on the screen. Everything he does does not seem to be too much tested, at least too controlled. Even her obvious ad libs look impatiently premeditated, and her moments of supposed hysteria are cold mechanical. They both have no chemistry, which makes the central love affair absolutely incredible. You can assume that his figure sees the symbol of his faded youth and innocence, although at the age of 34, Streisand does not seem particularly young or naive. The only conceivable attraction he could offer was that he could use it as a faster way to the star. And in fact, the film was really lucky to actually play this material so that Streisand's character was openly playing an abusive villain, the film could have a spark and maybe a reason for existence. <br /> <br /> But I think the creators really see Esther as a sympathetic victim; they do not seem to realize how cold and absorbed they are. Sensitivity, however, is not one of the strongest points in the film: note the little joke that gave Barbra two African-American singers to accompany the film with the fragile racism of the The Oreos trio. And the film reminds her that Esther retains her ethnic identity by using her name Hoffman, but the creators have changed the character of the previous Esther Blodgett films so that Streisand is not burdened with a name that is too Jewish or too unattractive. So much for ethnic pride. The smell of the back and the stings that continued in the narrative of the film is almost legendary, so the fact that the film eventually looked so polished is remarkable. It seems that nominated director Frank Pierson has added the raw material for a good film, with the help of ese cameraman Robert Surtes. The film also served its purpose, producing a soundtrack album of a decent pop melody (including the Oscar-winning "Evergreen" by Paul Williams and Streisand). Overall, however, the film became the only thing Streisand allegedly claimed to be unwilling to be, vanity.
