I think deep down in the darkest, darkest place in their hearts, everyone likes Jerry Springer just a little bit. While his show is undoubtedly insulting and stupid, it also gives us the chance to see that relatively speaking most of us really do. When you look at the trailer park where you live, dollar whiskey drinks, incest loves people at the Springer show, it does even your worst day as if you were living in the park. Jerry performs public service and we should be grateful. He eliminated a political career to host a show just for us. <br /> <br /> What we should not be grateful for is a piece of waste film "Ringmaster". "Ringmaster" shows what life is for people who are returning to the show or want to think. The film is based on the assumed Springer Story: The Love of Triangles. One triangle includes Connie, her daughter Angel and her husband Rusty. The other is Starlet, Vonda, and Demond. When two unhappy groups meet in LA, their lives overlap and collapse, all culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It's like "Short Cuts" if Robert Altman had a serious crack habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is true for the series because it's stupid and offensive from start to finish. I am also very happy that I do not live in the stupidity they are doing. But the film has a problem. It's like a comedy, but it's just not that funny. What laughs there is far and away. Maybe some people are watching this and laughing uninterruptedly. If you think blasting and rape are fun, then I think you're one of those people. Personally, I laughed twice or three times, and spent the rest of the film absolutely amazed by the suffering of the horror of white waste. The Jerry Springer Show is simply not meant to pop up the TV on the silver screen. What's fun in an hourly show (less when you count your ads) may not be entertaining in a 90-minute movie. Movies have to tell the story and that's something else "Ringmaster" has problems. The story is bad. There are so many holes of conspiracy and connection errors that any attempt to tell a coherent narrative is quickly discarded. And even if there were no such problems, how much fun can you get out of the story of stereotypical people in a stereotypical story? Even the Hollywood formula could not improve it. "Ringmaster: It's so bad, even the best of what's happening in Springer's Show: Final Thought Sometimes even the smartest and easiest aspect of the show that crashed bleeds stronger than the film is built. br /> Springer himself is the worst offender in all of this, he is such a bad actor he can not convince. "Watch Springer as Springer is sad, as if" what if Woody Allen played the atmosphere of Jerry Springer and he failed.Mortunately, he went into trouble with this catastrophe, the least he could do was try to do it much better. No, I say that everyone else in this movie brought a good performance awards . One of them was the best Molly Hagan landing job at Nickelodeon. Nickelodeon seems to have no problem with hiring a woman who she played in the worst movie "9 0 is playing in the kids' program. It tells you what the other adults have done on this channel in their past. Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of people without self-esteem and a burned-up person who met and joined their resources together to create a movie that shows how much they hate and how little they think about their intelligence viewer. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us as seriously damaged brain? I say no. Somewhere out there, in this crazy, mixed world, is a perfect film for each of us. We just have to look for it. Next time take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look at "Ringmaster".
