I can not say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be better if it were, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) I was interested enough to hate him. My only reaction after leaving the theater happened when I looked up to the clock and found that only 90 minutes had elapsed. It looked like years. It is an endless repetition of poor people (or what Jerry Springer seems to think is a poor person), screwing each other, running away, offending each other, and then repeating the process with the same attention to the duty that we are using during shampooing. The plot, which deals with how a group of stupid people is manipulating their lives so hard to give the Jerry Springer mill a furore, proceeds solely because of the idiot of characters. This makes it impossible to care what happens to them. It did not matter whether they got to the show or what they said, or who slept with whom. Maybe I do not have to worry about them. Maybe I should look at them like a comic type - to see their horrible behavior as irresistibly funny. It is a shame that it is not. Humor is not disgusting. That's harmless. It's predictable. Humor has something to do with some painful irony or life experience to work. Scatology is no joke. Example. The mother captures her daughter and her husband in bed. In order to avenge, she crosses the outpost park and gives an eagle to sex with her daughter's friend. Since I was surprised by Jerry Springer's shock a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had on Andrew Dice Clay's obscene children's rhymes; not laugh, just yawning. Finally, I discovered that Springer's pose is populist and unconvincing. If he was really an advocate of the poor, he would bring one mum from Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise his children in New York for $ 12,000 a year. Or he would have done so, at least to the participants in his performances, he would make a profit for his profits. Jerry Springer gets millions for his shows, film, book and videos. His guests will only receive return tickets, hotel accommodation and the opportunity to humiliate. If he had so many poor people, he gave them at least some money they earned for him. It seems that Springer wanted the film to gain some legitimacy for itself. Jeez, with all your great work, you think he has earned our respect. In any case, the film is weak and boring. He does not even work offended. To have a better night, capture the video tap for the night and then watch it.
