Vampire Bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss, where Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) Burgermeister holds a meeting with inspector Karel Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from the local body about all recent murders. Six victims have been discovered for many weeks, all exhausted from the blood and carrying the same neck injury. Brettschneider has no trace, but the superstitious elderly village believes that death is the work of the vampire. Brettschneider is not convinced, but the terrified villagers still tell stories about seeing the Big Bat, while Martha Mueller's last victim (Rita Carlyle) appeared. Brettschneider is getting under increasing pressure to solve murder, but can he really believe that a huge vampire bat is responsible and if it is the way it stops? Directed by Frank R. Strayer The Vampire Bat was inexpensive from majestic pictures to earn from the success of his two stars, Atwill & Wray and their success in previous years, Dr. X (1932), and is more of a mystery than murder, as a exploitative and enticing title You can lead you can trust and frankly it's a bit boring. Scenario Edward T. Lowe Jr. is somewhat seriously out of the question and raises the basic story that something kills local villagers and that something could be a vampire, then for most of the time, the film focuses on the Brettschneider and his incompetent investigations, which are not to give him a too gentle point, boring. Vampire Bat also has a bit of identity crisis because he does not know exactly what he wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie, while most of it could simply be described as a thriller with the last few minutes descending into a silly science fiction. There is no vampire bat, attempts to fool you are pathetic, all characters are wide stereotypes, and you can instantly say the scabbard piece and as a whole there is nothing extra exciting or fun about The Vampire Bat. I know it's old, but that's not a justification because the cinema has moved a lot since 1933 and a ruthless, flat, boring, boring and misleading film like The Vampire Bat just does not ride these days, just look at the original King Kong (1933) was released the same year and how brilliantly he still holds today. I did not like it and I doubt it would be many modern movie visitors, it's so simple and simple. Director Strayer does nothing special, but that's the case, I can cut down the film due to his age, as a whole, it's almost a point, shoot and hope the best will be. There is not much in the atmosphere or fear, even though some of the sets that were already contained in the Old Dark House (1932) and the European Universal set on their backs are nice and add to the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Technically, the Vampire Bat can not be compared to anything remotely modern, for its age it's okay, I suppose, but again I draw the attention of the original King of Congo. Speaking of King Kong, star Fay Wray, who plays a part in this, as well as the horror icon of Lionel Atwill, I will be kind and say that acting is fine. Vampire Bat, I imagine, people thought it was a horror movie about vampire bats, when it's not really, personally, I thought the whole thing was a little boring. It's short and says it's a fairly reasonable story, but I have to admit I'm not a fan.
