It is the nature of businesses that try to harness the success of others. Here we have a film with elements from the earlier "Dracula" (1931) and "Frankenstein" (1931) - in the German city of the leading village, vampires believe that vampires (in the shape of bats) have been the cause of recent deaths of bloodless victims. Although he was filmed at Universal (and at Bronson's Caves!), It's a Poverty Row feature; it's not fair to compare it with older, more expensive and high-quality movies. From the familiar and exciting, cool music of the main titles (which must have been Mischa Bakalienikovaff), through the talks but a well-made initial sequence, we expect the arrival of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye to give us a good 30s mystery movie. Unfortunately it will not happen. That's disappointing. We gain little more than the creative elements of such films, but with slow stimulation, low budget, Dwight Frye deficiency, Maude Eburne's exaggerated presence (Aunt Gussie), and the presumption for Lionel Atwill (Dr. von Niemann) to demand human blood or control to his servant Emil (Robert Frazier), it was never clear. <br /> <br /> Do not look for 'Dr. X '(1932) - which also stars Lionel Atwill and Fay Wray, but as a father and daughter - before I watched it the way I did; he is an Academy Award winner. So look at it first. Structurally, the Vampire Bat is still not that good. It is born along with too many talking or unnecessary comic reliefs, without focusing strongly on Vampire Diarrhea. In addition to "Dr. X" and "Mystery of the Wax Museum" (both in 1932 and Fay Wray), Lionel Atwill's most famous performance is as one armed gendarme in "Son of Frankenstein" (1939) and as Moriarity in " Sherlock Holmes and the Secret of Weapon (1943) Dwight Frye steals all of his manic scenes in "Dracula" (1931) as "young lovers" Melvin Douglas and Fay Wray have nice kissing but that's about it He can be seen in ' The Old Dark House '(1932), and Fay is dragged around Joel McCrea in' The Most Dangerous Games' (1930), then there's her classic 1933 screamer. This bad time, money, and transcripts was not available for this film to better show the talent and chemistry of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Sadly, this horror film gets only 4.
