While filming, director Mary Harron had a seemingly goal of clearly documenting Betty Page career development, from early modeling days to leaving modeling, following Senate proposals on juvenile delinquency and her religious rediscovery in the 1950s, so she intends to get all these facts on the screen in the time limit, you seem to have missed out of explaining anything at any time. When you think that someone who has a career page "I think there will be plenty of discussion, reason, decision, life events, personal trauma, but Harron avoids any personal exploration of the character." In the first fifteen minutes of the film, there are short indications of child abuse , domestic violence, and rape, but everyone has been rushed and never ever known, and you think that Harron and Guinevere Turner (the co-writer) wanted to shine something that was not charming and flattering, and you're coming to this movie and expecting to get an overview of whoever's behind the posters, but everything she gives you is a list of things she has done and recreation of some of her most famous shots. <br /> <br /> Everything in the movie really frustrates you when you watch, desperately waiting for some another layer to reveal How did she balance her religion by her work What caused this young girl in Tennessee to move from model The film simply shows that she is going to another modeling agency and putting everything she told her, but it would definitely be a shock and reflection, it was in the 1950s. It seems to me that Harron is trying to explain how this is twisted by today's standards (the party never cared about any pictures of explicit sexual actions), and how some people gave that kind of response was really exaggerated, and though it is true, it never really does eyes of others. Today we are looking at a young girl who is upstairs and thinks nothing of it, but we should have some sense of how shocking it would be for today's audience. This woman was the central part of the Senate hearing about juvenile delinquency, but no one ever appeared to be shocked. Basically, I left this movie when I realized how twisted it was. Harron and Turner managed to avoid anything that would be unpleasant to the viewer. They meet Miss Page's two life-long fans and are desperate to make sure nothing, absolutely anything, could negatively affect their heroine, and so they have avoided any in-depth examination of who she really was. (Before and after her career there are reports of her violent nature and mental problems) And all that remains is a series of events that have become her career without any matter.
