The ultimate goal of Big Brother, who knows what I think before we think, has been realized. Is it a miracle, or a sinister joke, that people do not give a soul-fitting jacket of their own will, twist to cut out shapes, and smile like a monkey? Movies, art, no longer threatened to know it, but they are out of conclusions, exhausted from life. "Notorious Bettie Page" is an enormous case history, suited to the course of fresh feminism at school. His lesson is schematic, right-hand and linear: "Look at how women are objectivized, abused, abused, and then thrown on a basket, a male society." Betty Page, was a "pin-up Queen of the 1950s," the assassins of millions of men who got to it. (All reviewers repeat this phrase, "pin-up of the queen of the fifties," as a choir of monkeys.) Her history as an American sex bomb is known: southern, abused father, rape, etc. In this film is a naïf, innocent who does not realize seductive the interests it serves and profits profusely. Though she believes in Jesus, she likes naked naked in front of the camera lens - just a healthy girl - another girl of the sexual slave of American men reportedly fantasize. From the mouth of writer and director Mary Harron herself, Oxford-educated and former punker (do you ever feel a combined rot of privileges and "hipness" like me?): "I feel without feminism I would not do that." Feminist films in the sense that I do not do anything ideological , but I find that women have my movies better. "What a cozy loop. The film simply goes through the narration of the story of human life, it is the subject and the purpose that was before the film began, proclaimed and buried. Mrs. Page has a friend, but she does not say anything about their relationship. In fact, there are no confidential or detailed relationships in the movie. <br /> <br /> You can not ignore its self-indulgent simplicity. In New York, where Mrs. Page tries to best absorb and calm the world of man, let him bind in the ropes of slavery and firmly pressed into black leather boots and S & M spikes, the film is black and white. But down in Miami, where she gets to get away from it all, she's gladly dressed and photographed by a "freed" woman, the movie turns to color. Like Harron, "creating feminist films," they do nothing "ideological." Ideology has become so internalized, so supposed, so programmed that it is almost invisible. The big brother must smile.
