On September 26, 1983, an attempt was made to murder Leonie Haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died and agreed to accept a tenant who had come through a housing office for the elderly. Haddad was not found to have her new dormitory actually attached to the Patton State Mental Hospital, where she was arrested three years ago for an inexplicable attack on her wife's knives. Haddad soon realized that something was "rotten in Denmark" when a woman began to think in the bathroom with a tape recorder who recited the prophecy of the "seven rich men." Haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she woke up when she found her tenant sitting on the chest holding a knife for bread announcing that "God inspired me to kill you." Haddad managed to knock the attacker by phone, but not before he lost his finger and suffered a deep injury to his face and chest. It was a miracle that survived. The landlord was considered innocent because of madness, but he sent, danced and screamed back to the mixing academy. Ten years later she was released and found she was now a celebrity; but not for brutal attacks on her innocent victims but for her incarnation 25 years ago when she was known as "Queen of Curve's", "Tennessee Tease" and "Miss Pin Up Girl of the World" - Notorious Bettie Page. Director Mary Harron, known mostly for American Psycho, returns us to the famous days of the legendary Cheesecake and Slavery (played firmly by Gretchen Mol), who inadvertently wrote a blue color for fetish iconography and whose influence can be revealed in everything from comics to poems fashion shows. T.N.BP is a full-day fun ride through the evocative 50s of the 20th century, when the page, with a family of good intentional friends and photographers, has become the number one star in pocket size men's shades with titles like Wink, Tab and Parade. Her real dream of a movie star has avoided her, and the shrub with the authorities over the accused charges in 1957 is a stimulus for her to drive herself out of modeling and surrender to God. The overall style of the film is light and foamy and at the moment it darkens with a hint of her father's incestuous attention and a sexual assault that does not appear to have an inexplicable effect. Mol plays the page, as it seems in his photos, happy, carefree and fun - even fun in slavery betrays a little more than good humorless incomprehension. The film ends with enthusiasm when the party cheerfully publishes the Bible in the park without showing the true unhappy marriage, personal tragedy, and the decent murderous madness that lay before her; to avoid what I think is the core of the story of the page - rebirth and resurrection. When she came from a ten-year prison, she discovered that her cult had grown from the mid-1980s and that it became a huge underground icon during which many asked "what happened to the Bettie Page". Her "mysterious" disappearance led to the fire of any number of conspiracy theories, which added to the charms of her legend. When the world's media finally came to life, she did not remember her darker past, and she soon gave interviews to T.V and was photographed at Playboy parties with similar Pamela Anderson and the same tragic Anna Nicole Smith. She found she was much more glorious than she ever was in her "glorious years," but in the glow of this "resurrection," it was only a matter of time before the whole story was fulfilled. <br /> <br /> The only known thing about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they missed that part when she became really famous.
