"Club 700" must be one of the largest television programs in the history of television. To make it even worse, it has been since 1966, which suggests that thousands, if not millions of people, buy into their hatred and lies. Led by Pat Robertson, the ruthless, megalomaniac founder and leader of the Christian Coalition, "Club 700," leads us to misinformation, to broadcast "news" when they like it and to try to convince our audience that all world problems are being blamed gay men, Wiccans, New Age spiritualists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-fundamentalists, Democrats, Mothers, Foreigners, Feminists, evolutionists, ecologists, NASA scientists and other fanatical religious views. It's actually the best fake news since it's "Daily Show" or "Weekend updates" of the "Saturday Night Live" segment or "FOX News". Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision, he says what I mean, and he is not damned who offends or hurts. Meanwhile, he continues to struggle to turn the United States into a militarized police state by having a religious bad to keep his noses in whatever they can and to ask for one gift after another - not less than $ 100 to become a member, by the way - to fund the Pat 's African diamond mines and buy oil from companies that the government has ruined in the past for environmental misuse. No, it does not matter that Pat was good friends with the genocidal dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe to help him gain such wealth; it's all for the greater glory of God, do not you know? And, of course, "The 700 Club" hosts are always willing to read letters "written to viewers", as they like, by chance each of them written in the same format and all on the same color of the "audience" paper allegedly cured of the various misfortunes mentioned by the host they claim to have "words of knowledge" to him) but who NEVER appeared in the program to tell what happened to them. How honestly how can someone seriously take seriously using a bad applause? People should think about why there is no studio audience. The sad thing that Pat's friends and viewers do not realize or simply do not want to realize is the terrible things they did and said. This is a person who agreed with Jerry Falwell that the terrorist attacks on the United States of September 11, 2001 were the result that God punished us for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Certainly, since Pat has twice publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon at the Foreign Ministry; I have no doubts that it was his wealth that kept him from being arrested for such statements. His inhibitions against homosexuals, single mothers, and any number of sexual practices he considers to be "sinful" are interesting because it is known that during the Korean War he frequently visited a number of brothels. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply, congratulations, Pat - because of you, probably, there are many babies born to only one Korean mother. Then, of course, it was the time when he called for the assassination of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he was holy, but still). Yes, and soon we will not forget the time when this "human life crusader" supported forced abortions in China. Very "Christian" of it, do not you say? And just in case Pat forgot, I did not forget his little saying that today's evangelical Christians are "treated exactly as the Jews were in Nazi Germany." Frankly, comparing his "situation" with Holocaust horrors is almost unforgivable. When we talk about it, I have to mention how furiously lied that homosexuality ran between the Nazi party in a sharp attempt to discredit homosexuals? History, however, shows us that the Nazis were acting in the same way as homosexuals towards the Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If Pinocchio was, his nose would surround the Earth. Unfortunately, more and more people still trust him every day. This is your awakening, people; "Club 700" is one of the most, if not the only, most powerful program in the history of television. The evil camouflage is just as good; it's a wolf shepherd's clothing. It's a fake dirt that tries to look pure, nice and loving. It is a living proof that hateful, dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who are not of the Christian faith know that they are against all that Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared in this "club," he should not emulate them. Instead, he will want them to do the Pharisees of his time and to overturn his talons, as he did before the synagogue in his time. All I can say is thank God that Pat did not have a chance to be president; if he did, he would be Armageddon's precursor - not the good one.
