I do not believe there was an even more sinister or sinister television program in the United States than the Klub 700. Today they are equivalent to the Ku Klux Clan of the 20th Century. Their hatred for what is good and sweet and human and pure is beyond the ability to understand. Their daily, constant attacks on millions and millions of Americans, as well as billions of people around the world who do not like to share their fake, cruel, monstrous, and utterly insane view of humanity, are beyond what they have seen. The lies they emit and the ridiculous lies that try to break through as truth, such as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "God" or "sin" or "devil" is so absurd that indeed seemingly ill illnesses are in their fantasy. Healthy people know that religion is a drug and should not be dependent on this type of fantasy. However, The 700 Club is in the class itself. They are really cult. While I believe in freedom of speech, they spread hate, lies, misinformation, and such fantastic ideas are beyond all borders. I hope that one American Psychiatric Association eventually accepts the study of those people who are reproached in this way, people who have been so deeply in the fantasy of the country of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality at all. Treatment for such disabled people is very much needed in this country because so many people have completely lost their minds to the imagination of religion. Club 700 is even more terrible as it appears on the legal definition of "cult", but because of the enormous wealth of the 700 Club (a day condensation from millions of Americans locked in their fraudulent grip) are above the law in this country. For those of you who have seen the movie "Matrix," you know the film is a metaphor of religion on the ground: the evil ones who are at the top of every religion that releases those they captured and cruelly abused for their own selfish purposes, and those millions who are held in the dead of sleep and slowly exhausted from their life force, represent so many people who belong to religions and who have lost all the ability to perceive what is really going on around them. <br /> <br /> In less civilian times, the good inhabitants of the city would have monsters like those associated with Club 700 outside the city with torches and forks. But in today's world where people have lost all the choices they have made when choosing the television they have been presented to, we have no way of getting rid of the epidemic of 700 clubs. <br /> <br /> The television rating system and the 'V' chip on TV should also have the 'R' for religion so that the rational people and parents concerned can easily watch such a shameful intellectual and brutal emotional rape , such as Club 700, every day across the country, away from each other and their children.
