Years have passed since Don Wilson used his expertise in martial arts to get rid of the robot that had been programmed to destroy him. He is also married to a blonde reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion in the first film, now a new plot of work that includes the droids that make up our two heroes and a company that seeks to rule the world (there is no plot) and Cyber Tracker 2 becomes a virtual feature of the first movie. I admit that I bought a DVD from a auctioned container that was made PM, PM was a company that specialized in flicks from a cheap jack-action (like this one) that had lots of explosions, a little story and nothing but a marginal action . Some of these titles were (Last Man Standing and Sweeper), but Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck with casting charismatic Don Wilson. When comparing protagonists like PM efforts, both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are nominated for the Oscar in comparison to Don Wilson. Another sign is that it was driven by Richard Pepin, who does not have any of the tastes that Joseph Merhi seems to have in his crafting action sequence that feels much more expensive than their budgets. Then again, though both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to get. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a reflection of chapter R, there are so many steals from better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier to Halloween III!) That it's almost as if Richard Pepin was trying to put on a sense of identity material for walking but without smart ideas or at least a zipper of great action, the Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is virtually no good idea that is not borrowed from a better film and supportive cast overact. The only exception is Tony Burton, which is one kilometer better than material. Stacie Foster also seems to be better with much better materials. However, the Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes mainly as noisy, clumsy and insignificant as its front man, however without the actual sequences of martial arts that could fall back, everything is, many cars overcome and this is not in itself a substitute for bankruptcy ambitions expressed here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4 (bad)
