When he killed John Amos, he killed a performance. It was an important part of the information structure. You had a family family story that tried to do the best they knew. They were poor, they were black and they were living proof that if you have Jesus and your family, nothing is too hard. Sure, James would lose his job, and JJ would fail at school, but the family always managed to find a way. <br /> <br /> James was a powerful male model that earned income and disciplined children. Florida was a strong lady who would all, including James, need a shoulder to pay or embrace to do it. Children had personalities and inputs that made them important as a family unit. Their neighbor, Willon, was also a key element because she represented not only a friend but also dear enough to be a family. Things were clear, broken, funny and sincere until they changed the course of the program. James died and JJ took over the show. <br /> <br /> Flo was still a mum, Thelma bloomed the lady and Michael was still a militant jungle, but JJ was a show. We expected to believe that a family without a father or a prominent breadwinner would be able to stay in the apartment. I do not think James's pay for the family has done much. They were threatened only by displacement, because they said they were moving, not because nobody worked in the house. I know JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael eventually got the job, but come here to be real. James worked so much that you could feel for him, but the others were not real, and that's a shame. JJ was a comic relief, but I felt he needed it. It's okay to be funny, but they had a chance to show the real family and what was needed to survive in the real world, and they threw it away for a few laughs. Michael's character almost disappeared, while the rest of the cast slid into the shadow of JJ Evan's show. I mean really, here was the guy who did not get in school, he still got released and he painted for money in about two episodes. James had always been there to encourage his talent, but Flo and the rest of the family did not seem to like it. Why did it take so long to understand that the picture was what to do? He could sell a painting on the street or work for people who printed billboards and cards. (He did, but something went wrong.) Why did not he do it and why the others surrendered their dreams? I'll tell you why, because they did not have a father in their life to care for them and cheer them up, and their mother ceased to be their support for their dreams. The show stopped us from teaching to grow, build and learn, and began to teach us about tricks and phrases. They should have James. If a show needed a father, it did not matter.
