Well ... it seems that so far, only the bartender fans commented on this film - the time to counterpoint. Be careful, this listing is * LONG *. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar (mostly non-Belgian): Tom Barman, the director of this film, is the dEUS frontman, a rock band from the late 1990's here in Belgium. In fact, they made some very adventurous and innovative albums and quickly grew to glory nationwide. Then the ego started to worsen and the band basically disintegrated, with the Bartender and the rest who went to produce albums under the dEUS daily. The way it always happens in such cases was that dEUS was much more gentle and less interesting after the failures than the original. They attempted to go into the international breakthrough with their albums "The Ideal Crash" in 1999, featuring a much diluted form of their older style of songs. They did not quite. However, the egos were still big enough, it seems: Big enough for a bartender to be considered a sufficient artist to try to shoot movies. A bigger mistake than this is a very big mistake. film is no exception. And the Bartender apparently went to * art * for this one, another big mistake. One of them is a musician, not a film director. Another, dEUS makes it best for fun and provocative music, but never close to what I would like * arts *. It shows. <br /> <br /> So, what is this movie about? In essence, it tells the story of a bunch of very uninteresting people who are doing the same uninteresting things during the very uninteresting Friday in Antwerp because they are even more uninteresting things in the accident. The characters are shallow, the story is totally useless, and the film simply has no redemption to compensate for these shortcomings. Humor? The whole movie smiled a bit (a little) smile, and in fact, she managed to provoke only a 5-second laugh (not quite loud). Mood? The film apparently shows no emotions or feelings at all. Secret? Well, the idea of ​​a "wind-man", the inspiring name of the movie, is as charming as a banana pepper pizza - not much, and it was done a thousand times before (someone remembers Johnny's Destiny - one of Tarantino's worst performances on the film to date) (* END MINOR SPOILER *). And well, his * artistic *, so do not expect any real steps to make up for all the previous ones. In other words, apart from those few smiles, I was bored with my short blades. So what's left? Well, the soundtrack is pretty good, though it suffers from some of the same problems that other OSTs have shown recently: first, it makes the film look like nothing but CD advertising. Secondly, it makes the impression that the Bartender is trying to hide the weakness and lack of emotional content in the film for the quality of song content that simply does not work. Ultimately, it makes the film look like nothing more than an illustration for songs. And unfortunately, it's actually Barmans's own contribution to the soundtrack that gets the most attention, although it's the weakest part of the soundtrack as far as I'm concerned. Overall, it is enough to show that the Barman knows more about music than about movies. Working with the camera is fine, though not anything that would scream with you with joy. The only thing about this movie that kept me watching was the fact I was interested in. Since I come from Antwerp, it was fun to play a kind of "guess" game. I would hardly consider it quality. <br /> <br /> All in all, another chance for the Flemmish movie. I still realize that the last Belgian films come from the French part of the country. This is mainly because they have at least something they say and they say so sharply and emotionally (the Daerden brothers will come to mind). Maybe it should be tried by Flemmish art-house filmmakers.
