What we have here is a classic case of very patriotism. That's what happens when you live in a small country with very little (almost no, even) history of cinema. Whenever someone comes up with a slightly more ambitious film project? other than the usual dramas about struggling farmer families or long films about local comic movies? everyone feels compelled to love, and even is responsible for the spread of favorable cross-country reviews. This is especially the case when the writer / director of this film is already a nice nation because he is also the founder and leading singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way of Winds" is by no means a bad movie, but it is definitely overrated (if even possible within the borders of a small country) and has nothing new or even remotely original. It is essentially a Flemish version of classic films such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia," and illustrates the mosaic of characters whose everyday life initially seems to be unrelated, but ultimately it connects. The only thing that obviously unites the eight protagonists is the city of Antwerp, where everyone lives and works, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and close to the climax that everyone gathers for a party. The main problem with "any way wind wind", at least according to your true, lies the characters. They are really random, uninteresting and honestly will not experience anything that could be considered extraordinary. It was probably the intention of the writer and director Tom Barman to portray the average and regular inhabitants of Antwerp, but then, seriously, what is the reason? One of the characters is fired from his film projective work, another is an unsuccessful writer fighting the marital crisis, two siblings have recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" one is followed by the wind wherever it goes. There are a few other characters that regularly go through the screen but are even less worth mentioning. These people simply talk about very random topics (such as life in the eighties, dates, and each other) and philosophy about matters that no one cares about. Some of the dialogues give rise to a slight giggle, especially the interaction between the two twenty-year-old boys from Ghent, but nothing extraordinary or even unforgettable. The film really works best as a tourist video to promote Antwerp and as an expanded and versatile musical documentary. There are several stylish and clever lookout pictures of Antwerp and there is always beautiful music, whether it's really loud or gently in the background. Generally speaking, "Any Way The Wind Blows" is a competent and stylish effort, but too mundane and slightly boring, and I sincerely expect that most of its fans would even be bothered to watch if it is not Flemish production.
