This movie was shattered, discontinuous and fanciful. It was also an extremely bad portrait of women. I chased it because it was mentioned as a comedy (that's a stretch), and because the envelope said that Andie McDowell started a storm in her. Was not. I'm a gal, watching this movie with two guys and we spent the hour after we screamed how bad it was. <br /> <br /> WARNING: OVERVIEW PLOT LOW! RAMPANT SPOILERS! <br /> <br /> The film starts with a relatively cracked conspiracy about an older woman who deals with a younger man, a serious disagreement with her two jealous single friends. They want to marry a boring guy at their age who is in love with her. But she is so happy with her supernatural puppy that you are rooted to pull her out, and she definitely decides to take that boy. But her harp girlfriend, helped by a cute, sophisticated, prepares a conspiracy to incite our heroine to think her guy cheats. It works. He fights with him, runs out of the house and is crushed by a truck (Remember the title of the film?) So now he is dead, two thirds of the way through the film. Although our heroine is a school principal who spends time studying girls, she apparently forgot to use birth control and is pregnant. She has been cut off from her relationship with her girlfriends because she was so unfounded. Self and sorry, she decides to marry a boring guy. Did I mention that the boring man who loves her is the minister? She asked him to marry her with a young guy (pretty, huh?) But now she tells him she's marrying him and obviously has no objection to being so bored. But her girlfriends rescue her at the altar and take her home where she can not fully admit that she is mostly responsible for the fact that the love for her life has faded away. She has a baby. In the final scene, they leave her in bed in her house while they go to the porch to drink, smoke, and be complacent. I do not want to do you, it's so bad. I missed the part about cancer of the red and the sleazy, ridiculous lesbian moment.
