I am almost forever against the inclusion of songs in the movie. I was convinced that the quality of the film would be automatically improved if only those extremely annoying songs were concerned. However, things quickly changed after watching this terrible Black (no songs) and this movie, a lot of songs. While Black was extremely weak, it brings a stunning story in a strong and good direction. The song was almost random and she was almost fluent in the movie. Surely there were no women who were mysteriously flooded by water from the water, while they were wild on the streets during the night. <br /> <br /> I was pleasantly surprised by the bold and hopeless approach that the director used. There was no shine, and almost every scene was utterly believable. I recommend these films to people of Hindi with at least a slight understanding of life in Mumbai. The first, because the English subtitles were below par and contained many mistakes that sometimes totally reversed the meaning of the current statement. The other because you will definitely appreciate the accuracy of the display after you have lived it yourself. <br /> <br /> I would definitely regard it as a work of worthy international recognition. Scenes with plumber drivers were a pleasant touch and serve as a source of real humor, as well as another insight into the whole mishmash. The film, however, is shortened to some places, where sometimes the most unexplained things are sometimes said to reduce the overall direction of the film. I also thought that some of the more sad scenes were not very good. It was touchy to watch, rather than to make any sense of sadness, and the whole scene tended to look a little foolish. But these are minor issues because the film is really rare as a whole. Overall, it's a cynical, pessimistic outlook and refreshing outlook! Actors, not "heroes" - that's the key. The chance to see faithful people in an extraordinary setting - everyday life. Behind the scenes we look at the rate of corruption and the rare ray of hope for Indian cinema. <br /> <br /> 8/10.
