I almost came out, but I paid my money and my almost disgusting friend wanted to endure. After the amazing, wide-open innocence of "New Hope" and the exciting sophistication of "The Empire is Returning", I remember waiting for a "Return of the Jedi" with almost painful expectations. But from the opening scene of this offensive commercial waste, I was bitterly disappointed and angry at Lucas. He was ashamed of himself, but this abomination undoubtedly proves that he has no subtle mass of shame in his cold, subtle heart. The episode would continue to strengthen this fact - my honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but first, please give the barf bags to the members of the jury). From the initial lift of the Jabby gate, I hope that this film was no more than a two-hour ad for so many licensed, profitable action figures Lucas could take in - piggy guards, Jabba, Jupiter, new and recycled cabaret characters, monsters, , ad vomitum. Then the unfortunate cute and tradable Ewoka appeared. A stack at the top of all aliens aliens. Fifty seconds each on the screen (or less) and the girls just have to have one for their collection. The lively, scary financial bait of children is nausea. Lucas did not bother to come up with a new conspiracy-he simply exhumed Death Star from "New Hope," and the cargo ship lifted. What a terrible tattoo face to your fans. I can not shake the idea that Lucas has taken perverse pleasure in saying that fan has caused fans: "I have these lemmings so serious that I can destroy the worst piece of smelly, nasty garbage, and they will go into the theaters to spill them in. Moreover, all the kids will be mourning and torturing their parents until they buy a complete collection of action characters of every irregular cartoon I have not created that I have filled and I will scare each and every one of them will be even more obscene-rich. "<br /> <br / > There may have been a small and a partial handful of redemption in this unlucky rip-off. I remind you that Harrison Ford was barely able to keep his nose above the surface of this cesspool. But no matter how few bright places they may be, they are massively exterminated by the assaulting commercialism that Lucas has so endlessly embraced in this complete absolute sale to gain.
