Freddy's Corps: The ultimate nightmare begins as the dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves the teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the edge of Springwood without the memory of who he is or why he is there. The local police pick it up and take him to a youth center where his interview with child psychiatry Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) finds a newspaper cut that leads two on Elm Street in Springwood where he finds out and no victim for Freddy will kill nobody. It turned out that Freddy was a sophisticated plan to find his daughter and use it to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is up to, and some kids decide to have Freddy killed once and for all ... Director Rachel Talalay was made with the intention of being the last Nightmare on Elm Street movie, which this time has reached five, of course like any fan of horror films to know if there's still money to be made out of franchise or character, then there's no Freddy dead in the hell: The Final Nightmare will be the last of course not. The Nightmare Series on Elm Street was a franchise for falling backs as the films went down in quality as the series progressed until we got here and Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare, which is probably the worst of my money for my money. The film moves at a reasonable pace and it's seldom boring, but it's so silly, childish and feels like a live cartoon animation with some terrible horror scenes that appear a million miles from Wes Craven's thrilling and effective early eighties. The order in which the stoner Spencer is trapped inside the video game played by Freddy is terrible on his own but then we treated his body shots back in fact jumping around the house from wall to wall and floor to ceiling which is most saddened the thing I saw in a moment, or maybe early scenes when John Doe falls down from the plane down to the ground, like a coyote cartoon in Road Runner caricatures, or an absurd look at Freddy, who threatens the deaf Carlos's pins that he wants to fall into the floor to make a loud sound or when he finally kills him by scraping knives across the board. You can not take it seriously, and I just sat there, did not believe what I see. When he finally tries to kill Freddy, the hero gets a secret strong special weapon, yeah, that's the right pair of cardboard 3-D glasses! The character is bad, the dialogue is bad and the plot is confusing, in fact it does not shine on the continuity of Elm Street and overall the film is a little mess, the best thing I can say about it is that it has a little bit of unintentional humor and you can definitely laugh at it Αμε陶. The film has big tonality problems when it tries to be dark, terrifying and ominous, but it's so stupid and simply looks ridiculous that every attempt at a serious fall is completely flat. There is not much gore in this, there are some cut off fingers, some stabbing, somebody falls on the nail bed and that's probably it. Body count is extremely low, with only three deaths. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The ultimate nightmare was actually shot in 3-D, although the version I saw constituted this part as normal, so I can not comment on how well it works or does not work, but you can surely see shots that to be seen in 3D using this process. Special effects vary, some are fairly good, while others are terrible, and Freddy's burned make-up this time looks pretty bad. Apparently, it had a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it had a $ 12 million opening weekend box office, and the film had some nice visual touches and gags that made things even more cartoon than it already is. The actor is really poor from the lead, though there are a few strange actors including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of all series, and besides some unintentional laughing values, there is not much to recommend or enjoy. The fans of this series will probably like it and defend it, but it's so far away from the original classic shocking Wes Craven. Followed by New Nightmare (1994), who attempted to take Freddy Krueger & Series in a new and different direction.
