WARNING: THE OVERVIEW CONTAINS MILD SPOILERS A few years back I managed to see the first five films in this franchise and is going to make an overview of the entire Elm St. series. However, only two years and I find that I can not remember enough about them to do it? I do not think they could do that. What do I remember, some of the sequel? Dream Warriors in particular? they were not as bad as they often do, although the original was not classical. Generally speaking, the foreseeability of the assumptions (if people fall asleep that they are murdered in their dreams), there is no exciting tension. But while I can not remember much of the first five films, I know they never fell into the depths of Freddy's dead. It shows how Freddy is publicly ill at this time. the fact that the film was promoted exclusively after the demise of the character. The fact that the conclusion of the film is not even concealed, but in fact the whole intention of the film is to show the free, soulless and cynical intention. the child hunched like a charismatic villain, the scary interdisciplinary training of Robert Englund with laughter. I always thought that Freddy's mockery of adolescent victims was less focused on characters than the teenage audience he could ever watch. It's like if Englund screamed "We know this is rubbish, but you do, so who laughs?" And I'm sure victims of child abuse will be disappointed to see such an insensitive display of their situation. Was Freddy always so rudimentary in movies? The only thing he can do here is a few "haaaaaaaaaaaaaarr har har" hars, and that's all, if it was the only Elm St. movie you've ever seen, you do not even know the character, even as a character before death in the memory of Englund playing as a boo-hiss pantomime villain with plenty of transatlantic (ie overrated, misguided and at all funny) irony, generally poor, see how many times Breckin Meyer overcomes his hands and body language, Kananga himself, Yaphet Kotto, retains his dignity. (Ricky Dean Logan) opens a road map where Freddy Noel Coward has funny writing, "You are f ** ked. "After calling for mapping, Carlos says" well, the map says we're f ** ked. "Who wrote the Oscar Wilde script? Or how about the scene where torture is F Reddym, is his hearing intensified on painful levels? Does Freddy bother him by threatening to strike a pin? potentially deadly sound, because all the sounds are magnified. Particularly, it seems that the fact that Carlos shouts at the peak of his voice does not stop, has no effect. "You hear from yourself, Carlos," jokes Freddy, hoping they will come up with some better lines. It should also be noted that dream sleep does not occur at the moment, and therefore would be killed unconscious, would not allow instant access to the world of Freddy. Although as part of the narrative it contains human computer game and the 3-D final fiction logic is not so high on the list of requests. Teenagers who are going to cast this time are really the most unpleasant, unpleasant group in the whole series. Tracy (Lezlie Deane) is the only one who comes to greet Freddy with "shut up ** to the top, man" and kick in the shells. And was the inconvenient pop music always part of the folders? Freddy's dead. No laughter. No fears. Without interest. No fun. <br /> <br />
