Not really, but they certainly did when they were trying to think about a unique line that sums up enough how terrible this entry is in the series. There were times that could be good, but they mostly dominate their own transformation into an untapped opportunity and they do not start to get me wrong. Loss of opportunities is quite obvious, but I will try them here if someone cares about them. Anyone who did not see the movie and actually throws it should be advised to stop reading at this point. The first and potentially the biggest unnecessary opportunity was a conspiracy with Freddy's long-lost child. Now it seems that the extreme mental illness that Freddy suffers (and I would speed up to add that less than one percent of mental patients is a threat to other people, let yourself be so in this range) is HEREDITARY, so why not a mysterious type of slasher in which the character of Lise Zane dream of Freddy murdering teens, only later find out that it is actually do all the killing? Sounds like a good idea? Obviously, it was above the heads of Talalay and De Luca. Then there is a trip to Springfield, where the entire adolescent population was destroyed, and the remaining adults are experiencing some kind of mass psychosis. Mass psychosis seemed to be realistic and compelling, although it has a lot to do with the fact that it will never show us. We only get quick visual indications of a massive loss of connection with reality that would arise from the grief of every young man in the city who dies for reasons that nobody can understand and dominate. However, the basic problem of this conspiracy element is that the city is abandoned too quickly and without real answers. This collection of scenes would be far deeper with ten-minute words ... one rational citizen explained to these visitors why Springfield Fair looks like a horror. <br /> <br /> Of course, horror films are never remembered for their character development unless they are the sorts of horror films that John Carpenter drove, but how do we really have to worry about when we die of figures about do we know almost nothing? At least Wes Craven took the time to build his characters in the original, and used some cheap tricks to draw the audience. That's probably the biggest problem with Freddy's dead: it just does not try to keep yourself so hard. <br /> <br /> I feel a bit sorry for Robert Englund when he is more or less inseparably associated with Freddy's character. He played much better characters in much better production (science-fiction miniseries "V", for example), and is forever remembered as "the man who played Freddy" selling him somewhat short. It does not seem to break the horror film anymore. As far as the rest of the cast is concerned, I think their performances speak for themselves. They deserved to be broadcast as little more than B-Class horror props. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this undamaged because his character is one of the most children's scriptures in the history of B-films. Overall, Freddy's dead will get 1 of me. I would vote lower, but IMDb does not allow it. FD is indeed a testimony to how the writer's inability to make the most of the concept can destroy not only the film but the whole franchise.
