I read Tom Robbins "EVEN COWGIRLS got BLUES as a teenager I loved every word It was sexy, funny and full of charming scenery and beautiful writing But when I saw the movie I could not believe what it was a blunt, sour and hopeless piece How do I think someone in Hollywood has read this book and put it under "GAY PRIDE - WOMEN - LESBIANS." (This is the Congressional Library subtitle.) Now someone over 12 years old who reads the book will know that it has nothing to do with real lesbians, more than STAR WARS is about traveling in space. The book was of course - and I think it DISPLAY - written by a heterosexual man who loves IDEA lesbians (naked) but never really <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, someone in Hollywood said, "Uh, you better do it to the Gay Director, or the Gays will be in trouble." So they handed it to Gus Van Sant, Nothing against a man, but - although Gay can e actually be - no concept how to make a funny movie. Gus Van Sant took playful fantasy game hopeless girls / girl action male voyeurism and it turned into a boring, literally minded Lesbian Power Recruiting poster. It's like transforming Oscar Wilde's comedy into the tragedy of Arthur Miller. It's not nice. The main fact that Gus Van Sant had no idea what to do with the source material is a ridiculously bad casting. His influence allowed him to hire the best. His ignorance of the true novelty of the novel (the fantasy of a direct man, not the gay pride of taking posters) made him choose what was not only bad but bizarre. Let's look at the cast of EVEN COWGIRLS GET BLUES. <br /> <br /> PAT MORITA AS "THE CHINK" OK, there are several Asian actors. And Pat Morita, at HAPPY DAYS, was pretty funny. But he threw him like THE CHINK was bad, bad, bad. Pat Morita does not know that Chink is a very funny man. (Gus did not tell him.) It seems Pat does not even know he's Chink. . . well, SEXY !!! The book is not wise Mr. Miyagi. He's more like Hugh Hefner! She is an old goat and knows LOT about how to please the sober and sensitive Sissy AND Bonanza Jellybean. (You see in the book that we are not really a lesbian, do you think this is a man's fantasy?) JOHN HURT as "COUNTESS". Okay, he's a gay friendly man. But he is SERIOUS, SHAKESPEAREAN ACTOR !!!! For this role, you need someone who is fun and camped. John Hurt, to be cast as a goofy, like a countess, is tragic and sad. I was still expecting Paul Scofield to be dressed like Thomas More and sadly shaking his head. "Now, Richard, you know that you have completely lost your soul. For shame, my former student!" And yes, John Hurt was funny (and quite gay) like Caligula. But it was BLACK humor, not playful and light humor like a book. RAIN PHOENIX as "Bonanza Jellybean". No talent, no training, no problem. Besides, in the book Bonanza is funny, playful, cheerful, (mostly) heterosexual and loving. In the film, it is annoying, passive, unimpressive and boring. As far as her taste for women is concerned, Robbins in the book gives it this way. "God knows I love women, but nothing can replace a person who would fit." Gus? Have you read this book? <br /> <br /> UMA THURMAN as "Sissy Hankshaw." That's a tough role. Sissy's book is an unusually passive and shy heroine. The ever-better actress might blink in her eyes or behave in the corner to indicate some hidden power or the hidden pleasure of her adventures. Uma will not lose it, probably because Gus never said that Sissy would like to be a tractor with a beautiful body and giant thumbs. Uma plays more like a television movie about a girl who is dying of leukemia. <br /> <br /> This movie is sour and boring. And I blame you, Gus Van Sant!
