He was a fan of movies like "selling fire", "where is Poppa", "the plane" I saw, because it was mentioned favorably in the context of real comedy and satire, as above. Well, a bad conclusion! <br /> <br /> Not only is it not funny, it makes it angry because it's not bad schlocky, in a nice way, but in a really bad way. It's bad - bad. The script does not contain any funny line that is more in the way of trying to entertain your audience humorously. <br /> <br /> The argument of Mr Adam Arkin is probably the most popular thing in this movie. Still, this cruelty of nature does not prevent him from being humiliated throughout the movie and hardly looking into the camera. This amateur without charisma is perfectly suited to the constant mistakes of continuity and diving after the story - if you find it. Ed McMahon - I had to think of Jay Leno, another late night talk show person who always refuses to call an actor. Well, I've seen several Leno films and it's Laurence Olivier compared to McMahon. But Kenneth Mars is good. In the few lines he gave. I'm not easily scared of bad comedies, so I kept looking and searching for quasi-jokes every 5 minutes or so. The movie actually becomes a bit of a comedy when Alan Arkin takes over - it literally does: The beginning of 75 minutes in the movie is in every scene. But it's too little, too late. When movies try to deceive you to believe that their lack of professionalism is the reason you should like them because they have the right intentions, they remind me of the pupils that they were not ready for the exam. In these cases, you must remain strict and the degree must be "F". (But please do not assume that I am a teacher, this is a profession with respect somewhere between a politician and a child's hunter). <br /> <br /> If you're really looking for a nice movie about a horror sci-fi / scifi that's fun to watch and contains jokes to try "Bruce Campbell's" Man with a Bloody Brain ". Or watch Sunshine / Core if you prefer a modern, lush, plush SciFi Schlock. They are just as funny, though involuntary.
