* Can contain Spoilers * A few weeks after I originally wrote my review for Hood Living Dead, I realized I might have been a bit too hard in this movie. That's why I decided to do something I had never done before. Repeat the same movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I still think it's damn, and I still think the zombies do not look at all the zombies. The story in the film is still, in my opinion, weak and somewhat feeble. The story is about a guy named Rick, who works as a scientist (who is just working on serums that treat diseased cells in animals) and his brother Germaine, both are not exactly in the best terms (my original conspiracy) and a lot of guess . One day Germaine is shot dead and Rick calls his scientist to bring serum to try to revive Germaine (while most people would call 911 but whatever), naturally the serum fails and Germaine "dies" (unless it happened that there would not be a movie), after the police and the coroner (until the end of the time I still think that the paramedics might have to show off) leaving the scene shows the coroner van (which I still believe is just someone's van with a "bombardment" who goes to the side) and Germaine returns to life to attack and kill the rescuer. I would like to talk more about the conspiracy, but I feel that if I reveal more information about a story you would not want to follow (and we would not want it to be now?), But just tell the story my opinion at least) is meandering and it is relatively slow movement (the toy is not intended). As I have already said in my review, zombies do not look as much as zombies, I still think they look as if they were in a bar fight. This does not mean that everyone should fall apart and what not, but they should at least be victims. I also do not like the fact that director (i) is constantly changing the speed at which zombies are moving. They could not really decide whether zombies would run or behave (as most zombie movies do), you do not have me wrong, I'm running for zombies, but invent people. In one scene, the zombie runs towards living, and in the other only shakes them. And sometimes it does not seem to be believable (yes, I know their imaginary creatures but still), of course I mean a zombie that has a hand on the wall as if walking through a dark living room and still not doing Like a zombie lying on the ground is shot , and then shakes as if he's just shot. The sound in the movie also troubled me, especially the music that, although perhaps my copy of the film, did not seem to exist at all. Music in the movie is an important person. Especially when the sound of editing sounds like a director just took a friend a friend and shot a little zombie movie. The effects are still fair (in my opinion) and are on the same footing with American "actors" from the Japanese zombie movie Junk. The film is still bad, almost the House of the Dead is bad, it's better, no doubt, but then it does not say much. It's not the worst movie and it's better than a lot of movies that are right on the video that are out there, but it was not good at the end of the day. I also think that the film is moving really slowly, despite the fact that it's only an hour and twenty minutes (and yes, I still do not like the introductory song). This is a type of movie that I think is suitable for the premiere in the Sci-Fi network. That's why I'm obliged to give this debacle to one of ten films. But think about it, at least not negative.
