In director Sooraja Barjatyi, a 20-year-old Delhi kid Shahid Kapur finds himself in the hands of a demon, daughter of a small town his father chooses to marry. Shahid, who was drawn to his innocence and simplicity, agrees that marriage will hardly be met with her in Madhupur and the young lady she is inquiring about, that Amrita Rao has the same price as her charming suitor. The marriage is fixed six months later, and the couple find themselves in the first hotties of a young, beginning love, regardless of their geographical distance. But Amrita, raised from her uncle and her aunt after her parents' deaths, is hit by a terrible calamity just hours before the wedding. And then it's up to Shahide to play an honorable lover and hug her unconditionally. Many in the same spirit as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, Barjatya's new film Vivah is also on one level family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. Unfortunately, the sad story of this new film seems to be too outdated and far farther than the regressive myths of Ekta Kapoor. And the problem is clear? just do not have to relate to such gruesome pure figures that do not have one bad bone in the body. There are many things that work in favor of and against Hindu films, and timing is one of such important factors. Twenty-five years ago it might have seemed that Vivah's conspiracy was not such a stretch, but today it seems to be just a product of mind stuck in time. Perhaps the film is the only pardonable grace is the fact that from the beginning to the end radiates sincerity, you can immediately find out that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. Judging by Barjaty's previous films, and precisely that Barjatya believes in the perfect world, he believes in his good figures as gold, believes that large families can happily live together under this roof without the smallest bumps. Unfortunately, he is unable to translate his vision into screen. Is it hard to overlook how his protagonists are one-dimensional? Shahid and Amrita, both virtues and virgins? I think, think about it for the first time holding your hands is an hour and twenty minutes into the movie. Barjatya may think she and Vivah return to the roots of Maine Pyar Kiya, but the truth is that the reason we accepted Salmana and Bhagyashree or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is that they had such a fantastic chemistry. Because even though they were made of the same form as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these pairs were bad and ointment. Shahid and Amrita are just crazy and boring. For a film that relies so heavily on music to tell his story, the filmmaker chose a number of 70s-style melodies to ease the deformation of the film's pace. But if I had to choose a single reason why to explain why Vivah is not working for me, it's because I'm not sure I can connect with any of the characters that inhabit the Barjatyin story. Someone might give Vivah the hope that a perfect world like this one is somewhere outside. But I think I'm a little cynical. So give me a flirtatious Madhuri from Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, give me Salman brothers from Maine Pyar Kiya, even take the dirty Karisma Kapoor from Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from these. You know, some marriages are not in heaven. This is Vivah!
