If this documentary was not made by the famous French director Louis Malle, I probably would have turned it off after the first 15 minutes because it was an incredibly boring look at a very common midwestern American city in 1979. This is not exactly my idea of ​​a fun theme and the movie footage very much resembled a collection home movies. Because I did not know any of these people, it was even less interesting. Because it was a rather boring sheet of documentary lifestyle, I wondered when I was looking at the message they were trying to communicate? It may have been that the values ​​are not as conservative as you would think - this was the underlying message through many vignettes (for example Republicans whose son was a designer of resistance, as well as a man and a lady who thought sex outside marriage was fine) . Or perhaps it meant that there was a lot of bigotry that is the foundation of a handsome home town - as some brief ideas like blaming Jews for financial plotting, anti-black bigotry and homophobia were all briefly explored. <br /> <br /> The town of 1979 was explored in great depth and was decorated with an idyllic kind of world, but when the filmmakers returned six years later, the mood was depressed by President Reagan. For several reasons, it looked very opaque. First, part of 1979 was almost 90% of the film and the final 10% consisted only of a few interviews with people who accused the president of almost everything but acne. What about the rest of this town? Did everyone see Reagan as an evil or that their lives were more negative? With just a few updates, he seemed suspicious. Secondly, while it is true that national debt has doubled in the years to come, the gross national product. And while Malle shows that 1979 is a very optimistic period, it was far away, as the 1974-1980 period showed many shortcomings (gas, sugar, etc.), Strikes, high inflation and overall malaise. While I'm not a huge Reagan fan because government growth slowed down during his administration, the country was generally much more optimistic than Ford and Carter. While many of the media demonized Reagan (popular sport in the 1980s), the economy has improved significantly and the document looks very unilaterally and focused on the agenda. If the document went into a more thorough cover in 1985 and it did not seem too negative to believe (after all, everyone did not make their lives worse - it runs counter to common sense) then I might think otherwise. /> <br /> Overall, this is not a wonderful document some have said - from a boring film in 1979 to an extremely sloping view of 1985. By the way, it's just or it seems DROP DEAD GORGEOUS was at least partially inspired by this film? Both are located in similar communities, but the second movie was a merry mercenary without any serious undertones.
