This notorious end of her career, Koen Wauters, appeared to me in the night of bad taste. I was not the first to comment and I was not the last person in Western Europe to find out that this musician (no doubt one of the best on our current pop scene, even the Dutch agreed) was trying to be an actor. Whether he should try or not can not be judged. <br /> <br /> In "Intense Care" is quite decent, but it seems to be inconvenient with the movie in which he participates. No one can blame him. He deserves his position in the Verheyen Hall of Fame by all means and standards. The story of the Murder Maniac, who was supposed to die in an accident but was alive and anger, has been told a dozen before, and even without original interventions, the director can provide more than an average story through innovative settings and cinematography. /> <br /> It contains an IC with a hospital wing and several middle-class homes. The tempo is boring. Tension loses the last credibility of a musical score, because each appearance of the killer is accompanied by a boring, horrible melody, followed by orchestral explosions during the murders most of them proposed and, in any case, bloodless as a small budget can produce them. The sex scene is good, but it's not even attractive. A couple from Amsterdam could do it. While this is a couple of subjects: the whole subplot between Wauters and the girl does not work. A more effective emotional connection could be set up on the screen if it were just fellow citizens who would relax their nerves in the middle of physical contact. I will not make any mention of the dignity of other members, for everyone should be sliced ​​into small oily pieces. In fact, most of them do. The ones I remember are obvious to the genre: a pretty nurse and two cops. <br /> <br /> Because in the hammer, the cavalry comes just in time to need rescue itself. (Anti-) hero must eliminate the villain, mostly through clever thinking, because former red berets often do not get parts of these films; they can overcome the illusion of invincibility that surrounds the murderer. Transferred to events, Wauters kills the doctor and rescues the lady in need. <br /> <br /> No people, I'm not finished. It's not a story. Wauters makes his heroic attempt, but gets beaten with anger that is approaching "Clockwork Orange", so it's up to the girl to pick up the assassin killer act and walk through the brains of doctors. Although this method assures the death of a killer more than the usual 9 mm balls, the doctor survives to allow the IC to reach 80 minutes. I was about to get it. Intense care is a bad movie that can only be enjoyed by lovers of bad taste who can verify Verheyen's catchy statements and do something for themselves and try to sit. For example, the (unexpected) parodic value of the medical clown mask (Halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (persecution at the end of the 13th Friday). However, let me close which provide an overview of several obscene elements that give IC a small credit. George Kennedy is not one of them. All they have to do is stand by a terrible monologue by a doctor / French actor and looks terrified when they let him go down in the flames to mark his big name on the stand. He could play his part of Naked Gun again to finish as beef, but with longer time on the screen. The final can be one of them. I never saw how the maniac would get down by putting fireworks into his guts to crush him against the flexible fence. That's good for laughter. The name of one good point about Intense Care ... Koen Wauters learned his lesson and devoted himself entirely to the musical career. I wonder how many versions of the Paris-Dakar race must be interrupted before it comes to its senses. <br /> <br />
