The premise and subject of how the criminal realizes what his victims have done by capturing his hostages of the family is promising and interesting. But it is the only interesting part that was solved by even fine director of director Ravi Tandon 20 years ago in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem is that director Ace Rajkumar Santoshi finds himself in some confusion whether (see Khakie) or dramatic dramatic drama (see Damini) and this confusion is quite obvious in the end. If we ignored two of his Pukars (2000) and Lajja (2001), this brilliant director always gives us quite impressive films with a high barrier, and that is why this film comes as a surprise to this script - a sensitive director who is about to go half the brilliant characterization of both of their protagonists - Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman When the film passes, the audience did not know whom to hate and who was compassionate with him, and this factor is the main limiting force in a complete narrative, and therefore begins as a war between the ordinary man and the human underworld as a strange remark about self-realization and regret Don's about what happened to his own family. The revelation of Don's son as a true baddie did not come as a surprising element of the peak, which compared to a similar situation in Khakee effectively worked with Aishwary's character. That's not all, it's more. life from the world of the underworld, working from abroad seems quite illogical: his open landing in Mumbai, where he is supposed to be hiding, just as he runs his enemies and shoots himself, does not seem to be believable. like Aryeman vs. Mr. Bachchan is not a good idea again, but the film has several plus points: the excellent Ashoka Mehty cinematographic work, two good combat sequences (coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some Akshaya Kumara lighting scenes in the first half, Santoshi's fast- of course, Mr. Bachchan, as usual, is trying hard to give life to his lifeless life. But all of this does not mean that watching is an exciting experience for you and your family!
