I've been looking at it recently, but it was really a heart when I saw the way they honestly tried to bring the book to the screen, even if the budget of swordsmen and hammakers meant an inevitable failure. By any objective measure, it was a disaster, but it seemed easy to imagine how good a movie The Lord of the Rings could be if someone honestly - and with the money to employ the most talented artists and scripts. Unfortunately thanks to Jackson it will not be long. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie gave me the impression that with some budget at all, this story just could not be stuffed up. Fantasy just gives you plenty of opportunities to shoot an interesting movie. There were many moments in this movie that were potentially much more interesting than the way Peter Jackson did, although of course you must always use your imagination for a bad execution. The way they tried to show the Wraith world, for example, from Frodo's point of view. Or how Galadriel showed Sam what is going on behind the other. <br /> <br /> Another thing I really appreciated in this version - silent moments. There were times when the dialogue testified without background music against a sharp decline. Compare it to Jackson's spectacular camera film and intrusive score that seemed to be designed to emphasize that each scene was the strangest and most powerful scene we've ever watched. Jackson's movies were full of their own, it was quieter and much more modest. Jackson and what hit it with more than $ 270 million in production costs, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, massive tax evasion from the NZ government and also gained tremendous savings from filming in the NZ, not the US. However, despite marketing claims, the intention to be faithful has never been. This is well documented. Philippa Boyens has said so much in an interview when she said they deliberately did not read the books before writing the script. Jackson also said he originally intended to make a fantasy movie "in the spirit" of the Lord of the Rings and that the one he really wanted to do was return to the king because he had a lot of battles but no character development. <br /> <br /> By contrast, this movie was trying to be more true. Of course, there were a lot of things wrong, the acting was terrible, and everything was sinking and the pace was too fast. Naturally, they shoot and adapt to other scenes and therefore deserve credit. While Jackson added a lot of action scenes that did not serve any conspiracy purposes, Bakshi drew the scripts of books that did not help. In fact, it is basically similar to Jackson's and Bakshi's structure at first - by both departing from the original books in the same way - although of course some of them may be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> It was not a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi, in an interview with the Onion AV club, knew that only animations could make the lord of the court circles. His version did not work, but he could be right.
