I did not see this movie in a moment, so I'm afraid I can not be very specific about the details ... It was interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempt to animate the adaptation of the masterpiece by J.R.R. Tolkien was a very ambitious project, so ambitious in the fact that he had collapsed at some point in production. That's why not only suddenly stops somewhere around the middle of the second book of the trilogy (with some shade of a hint of sequel that has never been made), the film itself seems less than complete. Some characters seem to have been animated, while others have been filmed, but it's hard to say whether it's intentional or not. The whole thing appears to be intolerable and frustrated, especially the Ork and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the huge gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this movie, and he somehow hoped to burn the book and a half in just over two hours (a new trilogy by Peter Jackson is about twice that time.) There were too many important bits (and I do not just think of Tom Bombadil, which, in my opinion, is beautiful in the book, but it would look silly in the movie.) And, of course, the end that is quite sudden and in place. I'm not sure if Bakshi originally intended to end the movie there, or if he even had some idea where it would end. Characters ... well, most of them were fine. Hobbits do not look so bad (except Sam's homosexuals you know the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted Sam to become a woman, so she would be the female leader?) If you are a fanatic Tolkien (like me), watch this movie (though I'm not too sure I know that you will not watch the real "Lord of the Rings" Movie, "but that's no more than a historical curiosity that will probably not look much better than the sixties version (I think the psychedelic LOTR could be pretty cool like Gandalf, Paul like Frodo, Ringo like Sam and John as Gollum.) If you did not read a book or did not like it or do not like it animation movies or do not want to see a half-empty movie ... not to come close.
