Obviously, I did not care about things that come (aka "The Shape of Things That Come"), as do most of the audience. That means there's a big chance you'll enjoy more than I do. In any case, it may be useful to hear a movie described from another perspective. Director William Cameron Menzies, who has had so much experience as a production designer and even more as artistic director, is this film adaptation of HG Wells by his own novel of the same name. In my eyes, it helps to show why a big novel does not necessarily prove to be a great screenwriter. The film opens in London in 1940 in "Everytown". The war is boiled, and Everytown's citizens are afraid that they may happen to them. It is. And it will turn into a matter of decades that basically destroys civilization. Wells and Menzies constantly skid ahead in time to show us different scenes related to the war and its consequences. We see two pilots, one shot down, coping with the consequences of their struggles. We encounter a post-apocalyptic community dominated by a former warrior. We meet a man from an emerging futuristic society. We see the way technology changes. Finally, we have come to the full realization of this futuristic society around 2036, when leaders discuss the merits of the mission of man to the moon. This might sound potentially very exciting, but it just does not work like a movie. Structurally, the film is too episodic, with little dramatic linkage. The third segment has totally lost interest in watching the characters. I could hardly solve them in the first two segments. There is a constant show of new faces. They can not learn about them. <br /> <br /> It does not help that individual segments, with a few exceptions, tend to be unfortunately directed and edited. They are also occasionally manipulative - it can almost begin to feel like a movie propaganda. But perhaps contradictory, the segments are also a bit cold and dry emotionally. In fact, one oversize is more like video / industry promotional videos. If there are shots building a futuristic city, lots of big machines, plenty of welding, and so on. One person who looks like an astronaut has some futuristic glass at the camera. Music for this section is somewhere between militaristic and exaggerated horrors. I can not say that the things that come are made up of the involvement of the material in the drama. But a common scream to support the things that come is that it's a movie about thoughts. That may be true, but there are a few problems if we look at it. One, it still does not work like a movie, it's like visual and phonetic dramatic artwork, and two, there are too many ideas presented here. The main idea is that the war and what it does to civilizations. This is a great thing to make a movie about. It is also remarkably prescient of World War II, as things came about was the script and filmed in 1935 (released in 1936). Wells has several interesting things about the war, some of which are against the usual interpretation of the film. It seems, for example, that the end indicates that another war is going away or will evolve at any time. The overall report seems a little pessimistic. It seems that Wells shows that war is simply part of a human nature that can not be ruled out, even if it does not exclude "progress" - in fact, it may be driving progress, at least indirectly. <br /> <br /> It would be enough for one movie. But there are many other ideas. The scene between two pilots is one of the worst scenes of the movie. It deals with a complex dilemma. One pilot attacked the other, but now he helps. But the pilot, who was shot down, carried the poison gas flowing through the field. They can not both breathe gas without damage. The girl is coming. They have only two functional gas masks between them. The pilot, who was shot down, offers his mask because he says he is dying anyway. What to do? It's not that the scene itself could prolong itself to show length, but ideas - a bizarre complex that helps and tries to hurt each other in the middle of the war - it is enough to shoot a movie. > Another example. During the scenes representing the future warrior, an ugly contagious disease called "Pheasant Disease" appears in a post-apocalyptic environment. It sacrifices the victims to something like a drunken zombie. The usual procedure is to shoot the victims on the spot in an attempt to avert the disease. This material is solved as if it were an idea. It's a great idea and deserves your own film. Similarly, Wells represents a future society as controversial socialist ideas. That's enough for my own film. It's just impossible to effectively solve so many things in 100 minutes, especially when it's supposed to be the basis of the film instead of dramatic attractiveness. Yet there are reasons why things come with at least one impression. If you're a sci-fi fan, it's a historically important movie. Menzies' background is interesting production and scenography, although cinematography appears to be extremely dated. It's also interesting to see Wells being either prejudiced or retrospectively funny in his "predictions". In particular, I enjoyed the moon drive that reminded me of the 1902 Moon Trip (much like Le Voyage dans la lune) by George Meliès. Just do not expect too much of what's coming.
