The opening scene of this film sets the pace for ninety minutes. The shots are general, conventional, and have the quality of a television movie. The snowy scenery is beautiful, yet the characters that are stored in it are of a similar quality to the view of a photograph of such a scenery, with a great feeling being the one that is distant. Some adjustments are of relatively high quality and professional veteran work, but the dialogue is clumsy and artificial, and it seems to have little impact on real conversation. Any emotional view is refuted in favor of insults, which is, of course, the way everyone shows their true feelings. The action is slow and overwhelming, because the overall feeling is someone who drives cold water over his head but so slowly that you barely notice, but eventually you feel pathetic and a little sorry that you are caught in such an incomprehensible situation. /> <br /> A mixture of genres that Fessenden apparently tried to use; psychological thriller, horror, and family drama, though laudable suffers from a serious lack of tension and an interesting dialogue. The way a husband, wife and child trio work together is particularly unrealistic. The topics of family relationships that take place in a spooky environment have been covered many times with much better films, for example, The Shining (1980). The unit of the family is torn apart by harmless problems that are difficult to understand or sympathize with respect to the relative ambiguity of the scenario. The family unit is hardly watched throughout the film, Fessenden plays down the thriller's options story in favor of a slow family drama for most of the run. The character "stalker" Otis has a few obvious motifs for his behavior, and although he is perhaps the most intriguing and the best-characterized figure is still very poorly developed. The main characters are the empty chaff of the people with whom it has been extremely difficult to relate to, and their mutual relations are especially without any sentiment or feeling. Although the young Erik Sullivan's ignorance by his parents is probably part of the story, would a reasonable man ask his son if he allegedly spoke to someone who apparently did not exist? People can view this film as intelligent due to the relative lack of conventional aspects of creation-based horror films, but this film fails in relation to the genre you wanted to do holographically. You can read deep psychological meanings in every detail you should wish, but I think people would be better than to analyze their carpet for some deep emotional significance, rather than these empty sub-human creations.
