The problem with these types of movies is that literally dozens of them are done each year. Luckily, for a handful of uses, it gets a theatrical release, while others are pressed directly on a video or television such as this movie. <br /> <br /> The most important problem with this film is its originality. It's one of those films that use the formula "hard hard" hard but uncertain guy who is in the wrong place at the wrong time. In this case, it is the character played by Casper Van Dien, who works for a security agency that thoroughly tests security practices for businesses and individuals. In that case, it is sent to a cruise ship, which of course will be kidnapped. You can see this movie as a mix of "Die Hard" and "Air Force One," and the film does not even try to hide that these two films are probably the greatest source of inspiration. So you really can not consider this movie as original. He uses all of the clichés from the book, and this film really does not offer any surprises or something that remotely resembles something original. <br /> <br /> Just like you can expect from such a movie, a very weak script. Or rather, it contains some very lazy writing. As I said, the film does not contain anything original, but the real story itself contains some elements that are far from unlikely and are simply fictional. I mean, I've taken a huge cruise ship with only about 8 boys, half of them carrying only small weapons, and then asking for a ransom ransom of only $ 10 million, because the ship, about ten times higher, is pretty ridiculous. How do they intend to divide this money later? Everyone gets over a million or something? It's hard for such a big and risky business. And then there is a case when the passengers were taken hostage. Somehow they can take all the passengers on the huge ship as hostages and manage to put them in one room with a single guy with a gun that can not even seem to be able to keep up and watch them. You never see more than 30 hostages as if they were all the people who were on board at the time. Also, when Van Dien is looking for his son, and vice versa, no matter what room he goes to a large cruise ship, he always hits himself. Just a few examples of lazy writing in the movie. But of course it's an action movie, so the story naturally becomes secondary. But then again, it's not like this movie had a good step at all. Half of the actors seem to have never had a gun before and the film is filled with several slow movements. In fact, it becomes ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The film, of course, does not include the best actresses, although I must say that Casper Van Dien is not really a bad action hero and actor, much like a genre and a B-movie. Likewise, he suffers the same problem as Tom Cruise; no matter how old he is, he never seems so convincing he could play a teen's father. Van Dien once began as a promising new young actor, but playing in movies like this really does not really help his career. Probably he is able to do something better, although he never really has the opportunity to show it. All the other actors also do a decent job, but their characters are so formal that they have never really become interesting. Oh, well, it's not the worst genre film I've ever seen, but it's not even the most original or unforgettable. <br /> <br /> 4/10
