Early earning a long-awaited movie version of "Dreamgirls" is a DVD release of this semi-forgotten music melody from 1976, which also raises the rise of the Supers as an inspiration. Released five years before opening "Dreamgirls" in Broadway, and partly in the same period, it is predominantly a black cast and a story that revolves around the emerging girl group, and where the similarity fundamentally ends. Written by Joel Schumacher long before he became director of the mainstream studio product ("Batman Forever", "Phantom of the Opera"), this film seemed to be whistling on the surface. True form, however, Schumacher weakens the storyline and character development by injecting a lot of clichés and eye rollers. With a small affinity for producing musical numbers, Sam O'Steen, a renowned film editor, but a neophyte director, is producing production as a low-budget television film with a frustrating episodic structure. The story follows three sisters Harlem - a sexy sister, a self-righteous Delores, and a sweet Sparkle - as they sing in a church, meet the smoothly speaking but well-intentioned boys Stix and Levi and then find their first taste for success as singing - the quintet called Hearts and then as a shimmering trio known as Sister and Sisters. Naturally, however, there are problems for a stupid name for the group - the nurse joins the ugly drug dealer Satin Struthers, who defeats her and turns her into a cocaine drug; Levi goes to jail for capturing him in a bottle for Satin; Stix is ​​frustrated by failure and has been unreasonably turned to some Jewish mobsters for financial help; Delores is simply horrified; and the poor little Sparkle must decide what future he wants. The big plus is that R & B's brilliant Curtis Mayfield has written atmospheric songs, some catchy and one "Look Into Your Heart", a real winner. Solid casting does the best for fictional circumstances. Lonette McKee's humble attempt to make the nurse a tragic figure was undercut by some of the rotating swatches, including the sad turn of Billie Holliday in the microphone. Before appearing on TV in the lead, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood show Stix and Levi boy vitality, if not much credibility. The best work comes from Mary Alice in a rather silent turn as a girlish, patient mother and the leading glory of Irene Cara, who effortlessly exudes honesty in the title role (though her client and hairdresser should be shot for a hideous expression to reach the final scene). The DVD just comes with an original theatrical trailer, accompanied by a small voice by DJ Casey Kas and a bonus CD of five songs not originally cast, but by Aretha Franklin from 1976 soundtrack recording. It's not a terrible movie, just interesting if there is no curiosity is considered the same country as "Dreamgirls".
