The title song for this movie ........... is the biggest freakish ballad that has ever been written! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! <br /> <br /> I first saw this movie in 1978-1979 when I first signed up for the cable. In 1979, the cable was commonly used in households. (or at least when it happened here in Missouri). This could be the very first movie I've ever watched on a paid station called The Movie Channel - Star Channel "at that time changed the name to" The Movie Channel "in the early 1980s ........ I got a month "The Star Channel" with a new cable subscription, "Van" was one of the films that was roaming at that time on this network. "I remember watching this movie, and I thought it was a typical teen movie like other middle-class teen flicks) ... those where the plot revolves around nudity and sides. <br /> <br /> I totally forgot that this movie existed until I recently saw this film again after not seeing it decade (I found a copy on a DVD for sale in a cheap bin) I recognized it and bought it for only 4.99 dollars. I seem to remember that this movie is much better than it was. the observation that was later was a different experience than what is now d Valo (30 or more years later). It was fun to see the list of rock music for children, smoking weed and sex in the back of a fantastic supply (often at the same time). That's what should be a good movie for a teen-party. <br /> <br /> There is not a lot of plot than the fact that the main character is thinking about sex with her arch rivals of a good-looking girlfriend ... blows up all her economical money to buy a colleague to buy the earned Dodge Van with the walls of the rugs, the ceiling mirror, and the waterbed) to get her attention and finally to be sexed with her. But his arch rival finds out and comes to look for him (so that two of them can balance their differences by pulling their vans) ... he and his arch rival will end up destroying both of their vans and instead his opponent's girlfriend wins over the heart of a girl who likes that half / ass dated over most of the film and decides to be happier / better and the movie ends. <br /> <br /> Movies have no fun moments. But watching this movie 30 years later becomes more of a memory. Since I still remember the pizzerias, pinball arcades, it also awakened memories of traveling around a small town as we smoked pots, screaming at good-looking girls and hoping to lay (sometimes I would be lucky and got some decent the girl looked like to share with me and we sat in the back seats, I also remember many songs in this move (when they were new) ...... this movie serves as the perfect time capsule for that era in this the only thing that is in this movie that I really do not remember is ... I never remember when they were full size cars that it is very good and I do not have the young men who want to, but I remember young men in the 1970s (including) who wanted to have Pontiac Trans Am, Chevy Camaro or Ford Mustang hot rod, but never van. what supplies would be the most popular item and that every young person wanted one (which was not true at the time)
