* Some spoilers * <br /> <br /> This movie is sometimes called 'Life Everlasting.' This is often taken as a reference to the final scene, but more accurately describes how dead and buried this once estimated series is after this sloppy and illogical send-off. There are hey kids, let's show the air "about this telemovie, which can be cute in places Some fans will feel like they are initiators because they like choosing all the different looks Co-author, co-producer Tom Fontana and his buddies pack with friends and the favorites from other shows, as well as the real Baltimore personalities. <br /> <br /> It has always been executive producer Barry Levinson, Fontana, James Yoshimura and Fontana, the rest of the creative team against budget NBC execs, who just wanted another moral police procedural process, such as "Nash Bridges," which regularly defeated the "Homicide" in a rating. , which has crossed its shape, and the dirty sensations that destroyed it, unfortunately in the tent about the film, Fontana, co-stars Yoshimura and Eric Overmeyer and director Jean de Segonzac simply tossed in a towel. They made the most ridiculous story, overcome it with an unlikely and artistically infertile new conspiracy, and put the burden of carrying the whole mess to one of the weaker cast members. In short, the time has elapsed since the last episode of the show. Former heart of the Baltimore murder department, Yaphet Kotto as lieutenant Al Giardello, is now a candidate for mayor Kurt Schmoke and Schmoke himself looks like a portrait. But this promising start immediately and unlikely takes a tragic turn. We will focus on Giancarlo Esposito as Giardell's son Mike. A handsome man who did a good job elsewhere, Esposito was one of the handsome faces brought late, supposedly reviving TV series. But the question of the audience has always been: is Mike unpleasant as Gee's son, or is Esposito unpleasant in the role? To be fair, Esposito has no chance to play the main story without interruption. That's because the writers chose this moment to revive another story that fired the intelligence of the loyal voters of the show. Apparently, the streaming video appeared to have appeared on the internet, which seemed to be going on. After several reds, the detectives held back the repulsive suspect. But the intimidated and redesigned deputy prosecutor Zalik Ivanek forgot to make proposals in time and the suspect was released, only to be later murdered. Briefly, we have forgotten to file paperwork because it was not the most sensational case of his career, as the mayor, the Attorney General, the Governor, the entire Maryland Legislature, the US Attorney General, the NBC, the Justice Department, BBC, AP, Reuters, New York Times, LA Times, Time Magazine, The Times of London, The Economist, Johannesburg Mail and Guardian, L'Osservatore Romano, Le Figaro, Paris Match, L'Equipe and Computer World did not call every 10 minutes to ask about the case . However, an old gang of detectives and co-workers returns to Baltimore to help. There are plenty of talent on the screen. Unfortunately, with a limited amount of dialogue to be handed out, some are just on display. Two of the strongest actors, Clark Johnson and Melissa Leo, are critically ill-used, while the time spent on Jon Seda and Michael Michelle could be better spent on commercials. The writers seem to satirize and pose to Jason Priestley as the newest big business detective. On the other hand, they give easy to come, easy-to-go Michelle Forbes greatly influencing the scene. There is some other sly casting, with the current Lt. Gary D'Addario, the center of the book, which created a performance and played another detective. Guests will drop out of other shows like Whitney Allen, who makes her corpse and helpless "Miss Sally" from a childhood show loved by Fontan "Oz" prisoners. Dina Napoli from WBAL TV will appear as herself. <br /> <br /> Even if they are fun, these guests can scatter. Ed Begley Jr. In fact, he predicts the story in his short look, playing Dr. Victor Ehrlich of Fontana "St. Elsewhere". It is still alive and fits into the hospital environment. Then you remember that St. Elegius did not look like a fancy autistic boy? The most useful portrait reflects a common synergy. This movie was produced when Court TV bought the rights to a series. This network contributed to the legislation of Helen Lucaitis, who interviewed the killing team and later appeared on "Oz". The TV correspondent does an effective job summarizing the news, that is, rendering points for late arrivals. Though so thin he disappears when he turns to the side, Lucaitis also carefully manages a little physical comedy with Esposite. She shows more juice in her scenes with Lucaitis than with some of her usual colleagues. Maybe these two should spin-off. As the film is filming, the cast cream rises to the top. Although they are settled with a lost script, they are overtaken by Andre Braugher and Kyle Secor. Their performance reminds the audience of what Homicide has done for a long stretch, the best show in the air and one of the best television productions in history. It's fun to watch the best professionals doing their stuff; it's just a shame that this film does not give them a better chance. Hardcore fans may want to see this movie as well, but you can live without it.
