As in the previous WWE New Year's Revolution 2006, the Elimination Chamber Game was announced. The difference between past years and the match this year was, however, the value of entertainment. In fact, only three people had the chance to come out of the Pepsi arena in Albany, New York, with the WWE Championship. These men were current champion John Price, Kurt Angle and Shawn Michaels. Vinnie Mac had no way of attaching a belt to one of the newcomers; Carlito or Chris Masters. And Kane? Kane last held the WWE Championship in June 1998, and it was only for one night. It was obvious he would not even be. The match in recent years has been an exciting affair with the top six of the WWE. 2006 was a predictable and unsatisfactory affair, but it is still a night away. The only surprise of the evening came after the bell that ran to the main events. Vince McMahon himself went out and asked to lift the chamber. It was then announced that Edge had put his money in the championship championship right and there. He did not have time to get ready to win the Elimination Chamber, John Cena did not have a chance and dropped the title after one of the most fun heels in the WWE. It was the only fun thing to happen all night. The Underworld, like last year, was really ugly. Triple H and The Big Show on the neck of snoring, in which I tried to stay away. HHH raised the win, but it was never in doubt, was it? Each payout that has both Jerry Lawler and Viscera on the same card will never have a chance to be a success. The King pinned Helms (who did this book?) And Big Vis tasted defeat against the useless Shelton Benjamin with little help from his mother. WWE women also had a busy night. There was the usual Diva Nonsense with the Bra and the Gauntlet Trousers match that won Ashley and the women's championship was also on track. In the game I thought he would have to be left until WrestleMania 22 Mickie James did not protest Trish Stratus in a good match. Trish won the competition, but it was obvious that it would continue in the foreseeable future. The opening night competition soon emerged as the WWE Champion Edge against the Intercontinental Champion, Ric Flair. It could have been better, but it was a bloody and bloody Flair that remained after disqualification. Edge obviously had bigger fish to fry. So the New Year's Revolution started the calendar of payments for the calendar year 2006 in a catastrophic manner. The only good thing about this is knowing that WWE is the only way. They do not get much worse than this.
