Do you recognize the concept of children's drawing? While this is not the greatest Picasso, any three-year-old man ever reached his fingers, you encourage them to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason why the parent should have a baby. Typically, if a child loves painting or drawing, you will immediately see the basics of their future style. You will begin to see their true appearance in these very primitive pacifiers. Well, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt about Fuquin's depressively cheap and non-creative Bait movie. While it was a terrible film on all pages, it was impressive to see how Fuqu's style began to appear despite the deadliest moments. If you saw one day of training or King Arthur, you will be interested in the birth of this director in his second Bait movie. While Foxx gives gruesome, insignificant performance, there are certain scenes that define Fuquu and show its brightness behind the camera. Unfortunately, it did not appear until the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you concentrate on those scenes, you will see why the name Fuquy will appear on so many "Best" ones? movie lists. <br /> <br /> I never agree with anyone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. Its ability to place the camera in the strangest places to transmit the easiest emotions is shocking. I'm surprised that more of Hollywood did not jump on board this train. Even in the stupid function of Bait, you are witnessing Fuquy's magnificence. The two scenes that come directly into mind are the explosion scene near the center of the movie and the scene of the horses near the end. In both of these scenarios, I saw director Fuqua working. Unfortunately, in the rest of the movie I saw only a combination of almost every action movie created. The nasty hero who suddenly came to his fortune turned a strange force, a classic structure that just needs to die in Hollywood. We've seen it two often and no matter who you are (unless you're Charlie Kaufmann), you can not re-create a lap. It's simply impossible with this genre, and this is proven with Bait. I was angry with Fukua because I just sat down and allowed it to happen, which could explain why it took me three views to complete this film. I was just tired of the construction, and while I was hoping Fuqua would redefine it, he did not. <br /> <br /> Then it was acting. While Jamie Foxx never showed me as an actor, I was willing to give the tried-and-tested vehicle a try. I wanted to find out if he could play another dramatic role similar to Reassurance. I thought it was the movie that was chosen to show the producers that Foxx could handle a security role. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was uncomfortable. Not in the sense that it was the way his character was supposed to be, but in the sense that neither Fuqua nor Foxx seemed to take the time to Foxx fully taught what should be invoked and what should to be used for another plot. Instead, we are suffering from a scene over the Foxx scene, just trying to make the audience laugh. By adding second long testimonies and statements about culture just to make his audience understand that he is first a comedian, a second actor. Fuqua should stop it immediately. Jokes of Foxx destroyed his character, which left me nothing solid enough to understand. Instead of character development, you could make a joke. Not one style worked, no joke was funny. The rest of the cast was average. I think I've all seen them in similar roles. There was nothing new on the table, nothing fanciful about this story, and nothing of the essence of the film's overall themes. They were a pawn filling the dead airspace. Fuqua did not have any control over this mess, and the final verdict supports this indictment. <br /> <br /> Overall it was a sad movie. Without creativity in sight and uncontrollable actors who are just trying to amplify, what originally began as a decent story, eventually came to the film sand faster. Foxx was unpleasant, without signs, and complete cheese. There was no emotion in every scene, and when he needed emotion to tell the message, he decided to take his shirt to solve the problems. Are my words harsh? I think yes. When looking at a movie that you want to see some creativity, some edible characters and themes that seem to be near your home. The bait did not contain any of them. While I will give Fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. It seems to me that I took the bait for renting this movie, but now he saw it, hopefully I can stop the others from taking that curiosity. two scenes that were fun to watch)
