666: The child begins as a plane, the only survivor of 666, was a young boy named Donald (Boo Boo Stewart), received by rapporteur Erika (Sarah Lieving) and cameraman husband Scott Lawson (Adam Vincent) reported an incident for Channel 6 news. it seems that Donald looks like a normal baby, but his death seems to follow the warnings from Nun & Vicar Scott that Donald is evil and is the cause of all deaths ... <br /> <br /> The haunting movie was shot directed by Jake Perez under the pseudonym Jake Jackson and is to say 666: The baby is really rather poor. Whenever I see that Asylum is responsible for the film that worries me, I am very concerned that their record is terrible. They seem to specialize in the creation and / or distribution of low-budget horror films that mostly reflect a successful big budget horror film, and in 666: A child you do not need in rocket science to realize is a complete rip-off on cash on the recent The Omen (2006), which was released in the same year. The script of Benjamin Henry and Austin Laurel is terrible and just can not match the ambitions of the Hollywood equivalent, I mean exactly what Donald Antichrist expects of a middle class family in a small town? It's hardly a great starting point for destroying the world. Every character in 666: A child is some form of the main character from The Omen, adopted parents, a priest who tries to warn them and ominous babysitting. There is a real shortage of an incident, with barely any gore and plot being wrong. I mean, Donald is killing a dentist because he's trying to fix his teeth, it's so random and unnecessary, all that disgusting images Donald has always drawn to where the caretaker comes from, and there's nothing to put together, and it's just a disjointed mess , who is bored very quickly. References to number 6 are also unpleasant and very unsatisfactory. Director Perez is fine, I suppose he is competent if nothing else. There is practically no blood or blood, there is a couple of blood, a sprained hand and someone gets a round saw in his face, but it sounds a lot better than he looks on the screen. It's certainly not frightening, there is no atmosphere due to the very mild current environment in the suburban house and there is no strain because we never know what Donald is trying to do and that's why there is no threat from him. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is fine, it's pretty good, but because the real movie is so poor, it makes little difference. The game is not so great, but I've seen even worse. 666: Baby is a poor mans Omen rip-off, I'd look at either the original or remake this day of the week. It's not good and definitely not recommended. Followed by the 666: The Beast (2007), which also went directly to the DVD.
