Dear ... Peter Sellers was one of the most amazingly talented actors. But his selection of films, say, after 1964, was very unfortunate. He did not seem to realize how to use his talent. It would be better to work with the more Kubricks from the film world than with the people he did. From his later films, "The Optimists of Nine Elms" and "To Being There," I was amazed at. Boultings and Sellers have made some movies before it's barely sounding so bad - I've seen "Carlton Browne" and "Heaven over!" - at least in the sense that they use the retailers well. But "There's a girl in my soup" is really a bad movie and a bad choice on the part of the dealers in terms of character. In your films from 1955-64 you can usually expect at least some very inventive twist and always mysterious belief in his roles. Here's Peter Sellers, who is trying to play typical romantic leadership. It's almost Sellers playing Niven cad without jovody. It certainly does not convince you, do not try how it could or make an interesting character. He should have left parts of the wise men like Cary Grant, and he was concentrating on the interesting dramatic and comic roles that were famous. Hawn and Sellers really do not make any real chemistry; it is not a simple, ingenious romance similarly perfected by William Powell and Myrna Loy. It's very artificial, all-round - I know it's part of Danvers' nature to be a dry buyer, but it does not really change that way. Sellers also have a very rough way of playing "charm" ... this character really does not have depth and does not really receive the compassion or interest of the viewer. Vendors are moving in ways that one would not think possible when he remembered the magnificence of his skillful, iconoclastic performance in "Lolita." In fact, there is nothing to say about conspiracy, direction or attitudes, as they sincerely leave little or no impression. This is really one of the most anemic, satisfying, misleading and slightly boring movies I've ever seen. Do not report a "car" for the undisputed talents of retailers. <br /> <br /> Rating: - * 1/2 / *****
