THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehabilitation center with other similarly wounded. And there he has to face a cruel new life limited to a wheelchair. It's an interesting and promising assumption, but unfortunately it will not succeed. As a result, it is mostly a Hollywood schmaltz with several interesting moments. Certainly the performance (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes and others) is great and works well, as one might expect, but their talent is useless. Characters are mostly stereotypes of one or the other, and most of them are totally unlike (except for the Snipes character). I suppose it is an attempt to overcome the human perceptions that disabled people are "crippled" or "weak", by the fact that they are usually depicted as stinging on the face, but they make it a very annoying experience. It is true that it will show you something that people with permanent disabilities are going through in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is a useful and good idea, but while the process shown can make it difficult for people to come along with, and that's worth to deal with, it is not partial and parcel to the fact that these characters must, to varying degrees, be despised. They would not have to be Disneyfied either; it's definitely somewhere in the middle. The end of the film comes from the character Eric Stoltz, who accepted his position as a handicapped person, but since he was such a flaming narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we could not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to its problems with the nature of the film, it suffers from this strange syndrome that suffers from so many Hollywood movies; the syndrome does not really have an official name, but you can call it "unexplainable forgiveness syndrome". It's something like this: the characters are bullshit and then without justification, everything is forgiven (a particularly unpleasant example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which one character spends most of the film verbally bullying everyone in the ears, as a result they love him. one of the last examples, Spiderman 3, supervillain The Sandman leaves the waste on a piece of Manhattan, then screaming at Spiderman for what seems like about 15 monotonous minutes before rejecting what it means to "wait now"). The worst example of IFS in The Waterdance is the sequence in which, after what was called a racial biker William Forsythea and his comrades in the previous scene, the character of Wesley Snipes radiates the next scene with the same Forsyth character as if nothing happened shortly. Again, without it being "oh yeah, sorry for the job where I am, you know, you said n-word". I'm curious that these people really follow these films before they release them, or are they just filming with their eyes closed, they are a little tattooed in the editing room according to the scene number and call them daily work?
