Stifler, completed his mile and now attends Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run around naked and fools are doing fun and this series is dead in the water. Naked Mile was a movie, but I found it to be a lot better than Band Camp. They seem to have returned to what did not work for them and show that they do not care. You can find out where the target audience is and fix them perfectly. Young teenage boys who want to see naked women, rough humor and beer drinking will love Beta House, everyone else can turn away. Star Wars have become a tremendous success that has overwhelmed the audience by being ahead of its time special effects. The Lord of the Rings has created a world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled his eye. The Matrix has changed the way action and sci-fi movies have been created, specifically with the most up-to-date effects. With all the advances in technology, we are impatiently waiting for another great thing that will have our jaws dropped to the ground. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people created spaceships, landscapes and creatures using CGI, Beta House decides to use this technology to create sperm. Yes, the thing that creates life, what you see so often in pornographic movies is created and time is slowing down to show us that the white remnants shoot the room for a teddy bear. Is it funny? Disgusting? Neither? Beta House shows more nudes than The Naked Mile, which is surprising given the title of the previous installments. Does it need a movie? Of course it's not at all, does it ever do it? Does she ever laugh? Is the excitement of young boys sometimes? Yes, women are beautiful, but if I'm the one who thinks she's too nudity, then maybe you just have porn. <br /> <br /> The female who catches the affection of our main character is nice and does not disturb the viewer as well as the girls who had previously done in the series, but once I never believed that this character sometimes did what she was doing. I'm sure every event of the characters in this movie is far from realistic. A series of American beer has fallen from realm into fantasy world. None of the events in this movie ever happen, if they ever did, I have to attend this school immediately. Does this film suppose people feel they have a good time? It is not, we watch that they have a good time, until the end of the film we hate them for all the fun they have. <br /> <br /> There is a "Deer Hunter" scene in the movie, but to make it "fun" for today's audience, they chose to replace bullets with the sperm of horses. Are you laughing now? Instead of shooting with sperm in their heads or in the face, they placed the weapon in their mouths. Are you still on the floor laughing? The first time we met roommate Stifler, having sex with my girlfriend. Now you're still naked? The movie first seems to be boys trying to get into the house brother, but then moves to them that they are already in the house but have to perform certain tasks. Then he moves into a competition between nerds and boys. It's a bit of "Revenge of the Nerds" on us for a while and seems to have no place. I honestly do not know what this movie is about because it goes everywhere. Most comedies seem to be forced to shock. Even in the beginning, with dad showing his son a list of people he's sexed with. The joke is there somewhere, I think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could be that one of his mother's girlfriend was on the list. Either one, it does not work. I think if you did not know it, this movie is not funny. Likewise, it does not seem to be focused, the story is pathetic, and the so-called Groovy Humor, of which the line is known, is not a shock. Skip this batch payment and all future ones. I do not know why I saw all the records in the series, but for some unknown reason I thought I was in the eye.
