Drew Barrymore is an actress who has gone through bad times not only in her career but also in her personal life. After becoming a miraculous child actress, she descended into the darkness with low-quality media films. While recovering from this dark past, this film remains a reminder of the worst days of Drew Barrymore. The film begins with an interesting premise that reminds of Brian De Palma's "Raising Cain"; with a theme that deals with a multiple personality disorder that sets the horror / thriller story. Barrymore plays Holly Gooding, a young woman trying to make a new life in California after a traumatic event in her past, in which her other personality may have killed her mother. Suddenly her past returns haunted by her, because her evil personality is back in her life willing to destroy her new found peace and her new found love. In the midst of chaos, his new friend, Patrick Highsmith (George Newbern), will try to help Holly face demons from her past. Unlike the underscored De Palma thriller, "Doppelganger" is usually an average film that not only does not fulfill its purpose but also closes in one of the worst endings in film history. While Barrymore is definitely not in her best position, she can maintain her dignity with superior performance. The rest of the cast, however, ranges from average to painfully poor above average performances, although Leslie Hope can be among the best. The script is full of clichés and De Palma's influence is quite obvious. While the movie tries to be original by making literary links in almost all lines, the dialogues are boring and the wooden game is definitely not doing anything good. It has a great deal of nudity and for strange reasons and excessive use of special effects. The effects of makeup are made by excellent KNBs and are really among the few good things in the movie. However, bizarre overuse of effects in a completely out-of-context context reduces the impact of the KNB's work and makes cheese what would be amazing in another film. The fact that it's B -Movie is no excuse for its low quality, because with a better and more coherent script it could be an interesting movie. Unfortunately, we have only an average movie that gets worse every second. Good for the beauty of Barrymore. 3/10
