... that Jamie Foxx would ever add such a wonderful Oscar winning performance. One reason I was so impressed with Foxx's "Ray" was that when I watched his disgusting and uncomfortable acting in films such as "Bait" and "Booty Call" I could never imagine he would ever hold Oscar. If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx would once win the Oscar, I would laugh right in their faces. Who knows? Maybe it's better to keep the drama, because if you look at "Bait," it's clear that comedy is not his strength. I swear that Jamie is so potted in this movie that I'm surprised that his face did not fall. And why must he make those stupid voices at every chance he gets? Everyone who is familiar with comedians like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that making a comedy does not require loud and uncomfortable. If the joke is fun, it's funny. If it's not funny, then do some crazy accent will not make it fun. The problem I have with some comedians who choose to try to act is that they prefer laughing about being in character. In real life, normal people do not always have funny returns and chewing. Just like Albert Brooks said in an interview that dealt with his character in "Taxi Driver," it's important to be funny as your character, rather than being funny as a comic. A prime example of Jamie breaking this rule is a horrible scene in which his tiny shots are taken and he starts posing for the photos as a model. If an ordinary person was wounded, would he really have to talk about having his pot pictures? And the police would try to shout if she was? There are many similar scenes throughout the movie. Another horrible sequence is that Jamie is unknowingly in the phone with a villain and begins to make a fake Caribbean accent. It's not funny! Not to mention that Jamie never recognizes the timing of a joke. Providing a comedic performance requires patience as he goes directly to the angle, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not a big fan of Mike Epps, but his performance is good compared to Jamie. In fact, it's the first time that I felt relieved when it appeared on the screen. Epps has the same mistakes regarding comedy, but at least chooses low key access. One of the few bright spots in this comedy is David Morse, a highly underestimated actor who is mostly known as a supporting role as villains. He seems to be the only actor in a movie who is interested in being really embedded. However, colleague "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgustingly over-the-top as a villain. The big surprise, having done a great performance at "The Green Mile," also plays heavy. Antoine Fuqua showed his directorial cuts in films like "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day". Even in "Bait," he shows he can control the hell of action of the sequence. The only problem was the discrimination of Jamie Foxx, who probably improvised half the script with one bad joke after another. If you are not a desperate fan of Foxx, please do not use bait.
