I can not believe we've been watching this whole cage, but we felt obliged to warn others to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that they are twice gay in the first five minutes, do not forget it as a typical PC nonsense and make sure it gets better because it will not. If his friend hanging around him can not manage you, then be grateful to the one who wrote and / or ordered it to be an attempt at a little restraint. I think that's true. It's one thing that a homosexual figure appears in the film in such bad times as it is, but quite different that it constantly screams on the screen and examines it closely and personally when the note clearly states that the film is about to be mother who is looking for some "closure" over the sudden death of her daughter. What has one thing in common with another, can anyone be tempted to ask? It seems that these two questions are inseparably intertwined. And if it was not bad enough, there's a bearded lady at the ice cream salon. I mean, the poor woman never heard of electrolysis? Why does this have to go like this? At the very least, how to get rid of this ugly object, and when you're on it, also remove terrible moles. Would you like to flush some ice cream you just served? I think not. It must be a New Jersey thing. <br /> <br /> Do you think Diane Keaton could save this piece, but think again. Did she really try to put a lipstick on the corpse? I do not even want to think about it. So what if the body had to be her own dead daughter. This grotesque excuse for a cinema is a departure from the word go and that's all there is to it. One wishes that each of these characters simply goes into the waves and simply goes on. None of these breakaway people will gain our compassion at a distance. Trust me - go through this bite. It's not about death, a mother who has inadvertently sucked her daughter, or even the other, much more unbearable questions that are still coming, no matter how little you want her to hear. It is the burden of degenerate waste from an improper and talented director.
