The cause of this terrible movie is so intricate that I have warned the spoiler because I'm not sure if I'm giving anything away. The audience first sees a Jack Ripper suit who killed an old man a hundred years ago. Then we are to this day and a young Australian couple looking for a house. We have an incredibly long tour of this house and the husband sees the figure in the old mirror. There she lived about 105 years old woman. There are also large iron panels covering the wall in the day. The old fashioned razor looks like it is being renovated and the husband holds her. I think he'll become obsessed with the razor because he's starting to have strange dreams. Yeah yeah, a couple can not have a baby because the husband shoots the blanks. Some form appears to climb the wall after steam removes the iron panels and the form is human. Late in the story is a plot of a big cache of money and the husband kills a guard and coworker and steals money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What the hell is going on? Who knows?? NOT explained. Was she a 105-year-old female serial killer? Daughter sister? Why were the iron on the wall? How would it keep the serial killer contained in the cellar? Was he locked there by his family and starved or just hidden? Who is Mr Hobbs and why is he so desperate to get iron? He had never seen it before. Why was the serial killer killing people? We see only one murdered old man. Was there a pattern or motive or something? Why does my wife suddenly get pregnant? Is this a serial killer demon? Did he manage to penetrate his husband's sperm? And why, if a husband could conquer and murder a giant, enormous guard service, he could not overcome his wife? And how strong is there in Australia a voltage system that would knock him around the room and simply cut the light wire? And why is the woman staying in the house? Does he now have a serial killer? The child will be a reincarnation killer? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience that I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only pleasant aspect of this story was to see that her husband was running a lot of time in boxing shorts, but she could not even redeem this confused, incoherent mess.
