The German case of nuts Jörg Buttgereit seems to have fans - but I do not know why and I'm definitely not one of them! The only Buttgereit movie I've seen before was Necromancer and I hated every minute, but - shocking - this movie is worse! Der Todesking is as unthinkable as Necromantik, but it's a worse movie, because it's boring, as sometimes only some of the movies (it's not far from The Blair Witch Project). Some people say this movie is "sick" and "shocking", but it really is not. The director may have been thinking about death, but he knows what it is. How could someone watch this movie and be something other than bored is behind me. The film revolves around the subject of suicide and the death of seven different people during the week. Yes, that means we have an unnecessary and boring episode on Monday, an unnecessary and boring episode for Tuesday, an unnecessary and boring episode for the center, etc. This movie can be even more boring than my average week! Der Todesking is probably an "artistic" film, though it seems like a reference to a way that makes sense rather than a reference to a movie that has any similarity to "art." Every part of the movie is meant to tell a special story - but not! We just get a brief outline of suicide and you're just wondering what it is. The film feels it should be deep, but there's a big emptiness where the intelligence should be, and there's nothing to do. Buttgereit uses several evocative images; but it is unlikely that I would have remembered any of them for more than a week or so, because this film is simply not so memorable. There is a shot that involves a human body that is distributed quite often, but it becomes quite fast and everything that remains is the rest of the movie, which is unfortunate. If I had to fight for good things to say about this bullshit, everything I think is this; the title sounds great. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other movie I've seen from this amateur director; I have a copy of Schramm and Necromancy 2 and now I do not like to look at it. Der Todesking is a boring movie that makes no sense, and someone who calls it 'art' is very wrong. Give it to him.
