To avoid confusion, let me clarify a couple of points: I'm not a red neck. I'm neither modest nor conservative. On the contrary, I'm radical: libertarian. I'm not WASP, nor was I born in the States. Jorge Luis Borges said there are some people who do not feel poetry and that these sad people usually earn their live teaching poetry. This film was filmed and for people who do not feel poetry, and for show-offs; and I would like to say, for people who have no sense of decency, or for respect for the life or death of other people (especially when victims are considered to be mostly "bloody imperialists" killed in Yankee soil.) I find the original marketing idea of ​​eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds, and one frame as particularly hideous and repulsive. Just terrible. Why did not they add a budget for so many dollars for each episode when individuals were brutally murdered in the attack? The whole idea lies somewhere between simple stupidity and ruthless fascism. Everyone who is serious about the film (and serious about life and death) should refuse to participate in this recollection of frauds and failures. With two exceptions: the Burkina Faso episode - almost fun - and the one from India - which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and wrongly examined in relation to the attack, based on returning home and being an American Muslim (and tell the truth when it was known that he was honored as a hero). All nine other episodes, which are basically and extremely boring and without emotion, can be listed in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: "I do not care about thousands of victims: Americans, strangers, children, adults, old people ... "and can be restored in pure boredom and lack of emotion. Makhmalbaf's (Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I'm afraid that since he's Lelouch, I'm committing heresy, but maybe his episode can be considered as an idea that can be considered almost original; Tanovicova (Bosnia and Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitaï (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: "The blood of the bloody Yankees deserves it". And it can be restored in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) defends suicide bombers; Loach (UK) sees the September 11 attacks as unsubstantiated attacks as a punishment for alleged US support for the Chilean dictatorship led by serial killer Augusto Pinochet; in fact, one should inform Mr. Loach that Pinochet's victims were unrelated to Al Qaeda and that Chile is a South American country whose only ignoring Mr Bin Laden should also be informed that the US government's sanction against the Chilean dictatorship is more difficult than any other gypsy; and Imamura (Japan) has an inclination to point out that WWII is related to an attack on the WTC. The Imamura is at least coherent in this: the supposed causal effect of a connection is totally absurd, playing well with his episode, including a person who thinks he is a snake. Pretends to be obscure. It's quite absurd. There is some error shared by many, including some Americans, and it is believed that this film was not commercially screened in the US due to some kind of censorship. Nothing more from the truth: This film was not screened in the States because it is a complete fiasco. The worst fiasco. Even in Buenos Aires, where peronism and other forms of fascism are closest and most expensive to the hearts of a large number of its inhabitants, and anti-Americanism is in vogue, the film was screened in living rooms that quickly transformed into theaters and were applauded by a very select audience: sadness that routinely lends applause to other equally "quaint" glasses. Just like looking at McDonald's fast-food restaurant or, possibly, the older Jew who burned ashes.
