When I go to the video rental store to rent a movie, I usually trust IMDb for the film and until that moment I've never seen a web site that did not like me. > Sidney Lumet, the legendary director of some of the best films of the 20th century, is really missing here by making one of the biggest mistakes the filmmaker can accomplish: filming the cast of the film with completely unlike characters without real redemption. > <br /> I love movies with faulty characters, but no matter how dark one's personality is, we all have some light, we're all shades of gray with darker or brighter than others. Mr. Lumet crossed this line by filling this film with absolutely unsympathetic and almost masochistic toned characters. <br /> <br /> Hank Ethan Hawke is a 30-year-old wailing, immature, irresponsible man-child married to a woman who hates him, and a daughter who thinks he's lost, which is great. His indecision and willingness to let others do dirty work for him because he is too cowardly to do it alone leads directly to their bank robbery plan breaking apart and killing their mother. At a time when he's standing on his older brother at the end of the movie, it's so much more enjoyable than uplifting. Ethan Hawke plays his character well, but he does not do a lot of work because he is portrayed as someone with a shoe that is permanently upgraded to his face and does not make a difference that he is there. <br /> <br /> When we talk about the fact that his wife's wife is just as bad. Approximately every film of the film that is in her is her word of hire and money for child support and further grinding in his no longer self-confident insult. Seriously, it's just about the whole figure. Her harpy-like behavior is bordering on evil intentions. Albert Finney plays his father Charles, and while Finney is a great actor for many decades, he spends about 90% of this film with the same mouth as if he suffered the worst jam of constipation in the world. For someone who has been an actor as long as Mr. Finney, you think he would be more suitable for emulation. Although it does not show much, its character is reportedly affected by grief and anger. And when he strikes Andy at the end of the movie, it's similar to the fact that Dr. Frankenstein gave a monster that helped him create his own misery. Marisa Tomei has little to do with her character. He stumbled upon an unfortunate marriage with Andy and had a relationship with his brother for some incomprehensible reason. When Andy's world starts spiraling out of control, logically jumps to the ship, but it does not really mean that it's less selfish or self-serving than any other figure in the movie, but probably the one that has the least common sense. <br /> <br /> And finally we come to Andy, who always plays good Philip Seymour Hoffman, that's the only reason I rated this movie as 3 instead of 1. His performance of a heroin addict and an embezzling financial manager who is a "perfect crime "The robbery of a parent insured jewelery is bad is charming. His descent from a quiet commanding planner of a faulty scheme to an unstable, deranged murderous maniac is plausible and tragic. Hoffman's character will end up being the main villain of the film, but it is hard to root against him because the alternatives are a emotionally castrated little brother, and the father who confessed to poor early parenthood led to his son's possible psychosis and indirect, unintentional murder of his mother. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie really is worth watching just the great PSH performance and its family train wreck. Just do not expect that there should be some characters that are worth it because they are really not.
