Based on John Singleton's personal experience at the University of Southern California, Higher Learning is coming. The film focused on the racial policy that is emerging at today's universities. There are three main characters on which the film bases its foundation for its story: Malik Williams, a carefree lowbrow athlete who is an African American. Kristin Conner, a protected soft white girl, and Remy, a disconnected white man. All three are overcome by the sudden fact that college life is not as good as it is being promoted because all three pass through disappointment by being unprepared (Malik) by being naive (Kristin) and being unwanted (Remy)> <br /> One good thing about the movie is that it shows that modern American colleges are just high schools. Higher education institutions are not a place of nature-building, developing potential, or improving personal progress, but they are the institutions they use to gather a variety of students into a one-size-fit-all-atmosphere. It is an experience that is mostly based on failure for most students. It would be good if the film became a story about this travesty rather than about racial policy. But it was not, and where the movies crumble. Singleton seems to have poor experience in Southern California. Through this movie, everyone leaves it. There is no need to fight here. Singleton allows the heroes and villains of this work to be easily seen. Black characters in the film are to a large extent considered heroes, while all white people in the film are considered villains, save for Kristina, who was raped by a poet. <br /> <br /> Who can understand the discrepancies of this movie? Members of the black gang who come to help a white girl after pointing to those who allegedly raped her? The ease with which black gang members have at the university while plenty of facets meet in a dark, small dorm that plans violence? <br /> <br /> The performance of Omar Epps (Malik) and Kristy Swanson (Kristin) are disappointing. They look like third choices for the role they played in this film (Tupac Shakur and Drew Barrymore were supposed to play Malik and Kristin but were not available). O'Shea Jackson aka Ice Cube, Busta Rhymes, and Regina King all irritated in their roles. And Laurence Fishburne was a miserable miscastast as a history professor. Only Michael Rappaport took good care of this film and considered that his character of the three main characters changed most in the film. John Singleton wanted to address the issue of race and inequality American College Life with this film. And he did it so badly. It was like killing a fly with a shotgun. Life is much more complicated than it seems, and people are all alike and they should know it. Higher learning is evidence that he did not understand it at all. Seeing the movie, then and now, would just confuse, disappoint and enrage the same public he wanted to talk about. Not to mention that it was not missing in the slightest.
