Singleton has serious problems to deal with. I feel he thinks he's pretty clever; this film is almost comically transparent and fair. In addition, there are a lot of "messages that can" do right "as if our local Nazi fools were lifted, I mean who in the right mind will have the roots for a pile of Nazi fools, however, as he himself causes the" fight "to be totally stupid and seems to be designed to show us more excellent fighting qualities of black protagonists than anything else.There is another "bad boy" (in fact a drunken boy) who raped one of the film protagonists. Singleton actually does a nice job, which is probably a too common situation when a woman who participates asks the fratrach to use a condom and he either does not have one or does not want to use one. He never complies with his demands to stop and he continues sexual intercourse despite her reasons. I think this type of rape is too common and Many uniformed people refuse to accept the fact that it is even rape. Well, that does not mean no, this is rape, which is likely to occur at universities across the country. After setting up a rape, how is he dealing with it? When a frat boy tries to call a woman, her roommate refuses to give the victim a phone call at the moment the brother-in-law calls a roommate "black female". An apparent roommate seems to appeal to the advice of Ice Cube et al., Which then proceeds to the physical humiliation and abuse of the brothers to repeated and prolonged "apologizing" roommates for their racist remarks; but (seemingly in Singleton's mind) there is no mention of a lower crime of rape. Again, no one should really regret the boy, but it seems that Singleton sends a dual message that racist comment is a bigger offense than rape, and in any case violence is grounded in mourning. What is so disappointing is that this movie might have really been something important, but Singleton, though undoubtedly a talented director, does not seem to have maturity or depth to pull something like that.
