I do not understand why people want this waste to accumulate. It's bad, stupid, unrealistic, terrible, and almost everything else. The film is a look at life, racial questions, prejudices, and everything else that happens at college. This is where it fails. It has no reality. Of many dubious scenarios in a movie, such as a black man who chases a white man with a gun, a black man and stopped by security guards, he buckles and performs while the shooter runs right around them. The same white man who gets rid of people from the roof that is stopped and suppressed by the same black man is then stopped and is assigned the Rodney King bit style while a few minutes later he is dropped down by only one of the four guards. As one previous reviewer pointed out a few white men's 230lbs is killing several black men weighing around 160lbs including 105lbs Bust A Rhymes <br /> <br /> Another critical mistake in the film are the shallow, uninteresting main characters. From terrified and confused white people and evil, angry and yet justified (?) Black people. It's almost like an insult to both black and white people. I am a white man and I know many black and Hispanic people who agree that this film is bad when it shows signs and gives them such features exclusively because of their race. The story I am explaining now turns around three characters. One black athlete, the second confused, frightened white girl who casts doubt on her sexuality, and the third is a white man who is also confused and scared, then blaming her problems on the black people in which she becomes naked in the film. Everyone has their share in problems and adventures including sex, rape, fighting, love, hate, prejudice, racial war and oh, do not forget about education. Which is all about the end of a deadly shot. In which after returning to his boring life and thinking that "white is bad". Sounds like this in your dorm? They did not think so. I do not think the director was attending college, especially if he was to do this terrible mess. Overall, this is a really bad, bad, ugly movie. To see a more accurate view or race problems, look at American History X. To see a more accurate look at the Porkys rail rental. Just avoid this clutter.
