It is one of the most exquisite films of the 1990s. I would not recommend it if you have something better. <br /> <br /> This image presents African-Americans as wild, uncultivated, violent, harsh, understanding sociopaths. Fudge (Ice Cube) and his character are always reluctant to others in the dormitory, not only to white people but also to the Asians, and they are never disciplined for their actions. Despite all that tolerance, they insist on whining and crying about the evil white oppressors who control their lives and stand in their way. In fact, it's Fudge's influence, which causes Remmy to come together with his skinhead, step out of college, and eventually kill Malik's girlfriend. Skinheads are presented as a hidden group of young people who share pad off campus and generally stay away from others. They never call their music to bother people or mess up with the police. They commit serious crimes, such as battery and rape, but they are not as foul or threatening as Fudge and Dreads (Busta Rhymes). <br /> <br /> There is a lot of material in this movie that almost offended me or giggled me. Some of them are listed below. <br /> <br /> Fudge and Dreads are listed as Columbus University students, but we will never see them in the classroom and it's totally indefinite how they pay their tuition. One is just letting speculate that weeds that smoke have something to do with their finances. Even though students who look like a private university can not tell a single line of proper English. Their characters evolve only because of their insidious wailing and xenophobia. It seems that drunk Kristen (Kristy Swanson) knew exactly why drunken Billy would take her to her house. She even asked him to get her gum to get started. The fact that he got infected without a condom was raped, while it would be great sex only if he had some useful. Later Kristen was Taryn (Jennifer Connely) assured that she had no responsibility in this matter and was not prepared for sexual intercourse and was abused by a sexual predator despite a deliberate jump into a guy's bed. Then about a week later she met and slept with an ultra-sensitive benefactor who knew how to avoid rape and brought a condom. The director strongly emphasized contraception. This film is a complete and complete waste that makes black people look like prick and women look stupid and fragile. The performance of Cole Hauser and the accent of Laurence Fishburne are the only reasons why I can imagine it. The writer / director is, of course, a man of limited intelligence. Continue and restrict yourself by following these bulls if you want, but keep in mind that the neurons do not grow back. Just follow the tips at the end and UNLEARN.
