Is there any other time period that was so exhausting covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? No. And do we really need another route in this turbulent time? Not really. But if we have to have one, must it be as shallow as the "1960s"? I would like to think that co-writers Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield had more in mind for this two-part miniseries than it eventually resulted, especially since Couturie is involved in the excellent HBO movie "Dear America: Letters From Home From Vietnam" who used little original music and no original shots, let the talk and the sounds of time speak for themselves. This presentation interrupts shots with dramatic production, but does not favor anybody by trying to do too much in too little time; like many of her personalities, it's seen from the perspective of one family. But the children in the family seem to be tangentially involved with almost every major event of the 1960s (it's amazing that one of them is not going to the Rolling Stones concert in Altamont), so it seems to be less similar to the drama season and more like the Cliff Notes version decade. Manufacturers are immersed in so much that it is little or no time to give the characters any character, with stick figures called our protagonists from the screen for ages for a time - a child's father is a special cliché - and then when they are back to BLAMMO! that is something else. Garry Trudeau could teach filmmakers about something or two about the correct execution of this sort of thing. Jerry O'Connell, Jordan Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton give their material to an old school, but are useless (especially the last two); it is undeniably good to see David Alan Grier in a rare role as activist Fred Hampton, and Rosanna Arquette (in the uncredited cameo in part 2) is always welcome. What is not welcome, how is the 1960s drowning a soundtrack with so many songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect (and this may be the only time when US television shows in the 60s after America never mention the British invasion - not the Beatles, no Rolling Stones ... again, there are just so many melodies that you can dress up in a soundtrack album that?) Lock your superficial approach to both time and conspiracy with an almost endless happy end, "American Dreams" and "The Wonder Years" all, much better. Nothing you can see here can not be seen elsewhere, people ... except what Julia Stiles does.
