Blob begins with one of the bizarre thematic tracks ever sung by Burt Bacharach from around the world! You have to really hear it believe it, The Blob can be considered that just for this song itself and the commentary of my user comment is a little taste of classic texts ... After this disturbing opening of the credit sequence The Blob will introduce us (Steve McQueen) and his girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut), who are parked somewhere and witnessed what looks like a meteorite falling on Earth in a nearby forest. The old man (Olin Howland as Olin Howlin), who lives in the cabin, also sees that he is going and exploring, finds a crater and a marvelous soccer-sized rock that divides when he rolls his wand with his wand. Positioning in the center of a meteorite is a strange jelly as a cloth holding a stick if you know what I mean! He then moves the stick and attaches himself to the old man's hand. Meanwhile, Steve & Jane quietly drives his own business when the old man runs out in front of Steve's car. Steve is a decent and clever man decides to take an old man to Dr. T. Hallan (Alden 'Stephen' Chase as Steven Chase) in a local surgical procedure. Dr. Hallan says he does not know what the fabric is on an old man's hand but he's getting bigger and asks Steve to come back where he found him and see if he finds out what's happened. Steve agrees, but nothing comes and after returning to Dr. Hallan's office he witnesses that he is swollen. The city police, Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) and teenage-hating sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) unexpectedly do not believe the word and eventually the suspect Steve and his buddies Al (Anthony Franke), Tony (Robert Fields) (James Bonnet) plays a complicated practical joke at the police department. However, as blob continues to eat it's way through the city, Steve is trying to find evidence of his existence and convinces the police about the threat that not only their city, but the whole world! Directed by Irvin S, Yeaworth Jr. & uncredited Russell S. Doughton Jr. I was almost disappointed with the original 1958 version of The Blob. The script of Kay Linaker as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is absolutely boring and extremely boring, which does not make the most of its strongest aspects. Blob concentrates on tiresome drama and conflicts between teenagers and the police, in fact most of The Blob is spent doing Steve trying to persuade the police about the existence of a blob. For most of the movie, the blob itself looks almost insignificant and somewhat forgotten. It has only two or three scenes for half an hour and a bit, until less than exciting culminating when adults and teenagers have to work together to defeat blob & have new found recognition each other after yuck! Why could not that blob just eat much? There is no explanation of what a blob or its origin is, other than the one that comes from the universe, how long did it take for it to come? Dialogue is clumsy and stupid as well as people's actions and decision making, I love that part when a sister named Kate (Lee Paton as Lee Payton, someone used his real name on this stuff?) He is confronted with a blob, she throws some acid on her and he says calmly: "Doctor, nothing stops her!" how does she know "nothing" stops her exactly? There is no blood or violence, so do not worry that the special blob effects themselves are not too bad considering, but barely has time on the screen and moves very slowly, a bit like a movie actually. Actor is terrible, McQueen is supposed to be a teenager when he was actually 28 years old and it shows he looks old enough to be his own dad! The same applies to most other "adolescents" cast members, and they are generally said to be wooden and unconvincing in their roles. Technically, Blob is a very basic, dark static photo, boring direction and unforgettable production value. Blob is one of those movies that probably sounds good on paper and is well known as "classic," but it's actually a great disappointment when it's finally seen. This is one case where the remake of The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. The original Blob is slow and boring and the remake is not, the original Blob does not contain any blood or gore and remake, the original Blob has an incredibly bad decision and the decision and the remake is not and the original Blob will get very little time on the screen eating only three or four people throughout the movie & remake is a blob all the way and it practically makes it the whole city. The choice is easy, it's a remake every time, because it's a better movie in all respects. I give the movie two stars and I will make it a wonderful master song on its own theme. Certainly not the classic many seem to do.
