There is nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of June 1950, when President Truman ordered the US forces into the Korean War. STARLIFT, as you can see, is largely located at Travis Air Force base in California in the years when it was used as a detention center for soldiers who were taken to a fight in Korea. But you will have to do your own research to know, because even once during the film, the name "Korea" is not mentioned. We see that the airliner will fly fresh soldiers and return with the wounded soldiers, but there is no mention of where these men will fight or get hurt. Which is strange for a movie to shoot the flag and greet the Americans in uniform. Released in December 1951, Warner Brothers, STARLIFT, is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of a studio star occupied by World War II, the home-based moral booster of the "Hollywood Canal". This disturbed 1944 spec told a story of two soldiers spending the last three nights of holiday at a party of the famous armed forces in LA and hoping to agree with Joan Leslie. But it was just an excuse for Warners to clean up every star based on a contract, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and others. STARLIFT has two Air Force soldiers who hope to meet the fictitious starlets Nell Wayne (a mask like Janice's rule) and convinces many Warner Bros. stars to introduce themselves to the departments. But in the place of Crawford, Garfield and others, the best that the Warner brothers could scramble in 1951 were Doris Day, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson, and Phil Harris, with James Cagney, Randolph Scott and the clearly embarrassing Gary Cooper. This flexible casting, the combined starry force of which would attempt to illuminate a standard lantern, is perfectly interwoven with lush production values. Probably, in order to save money, several long scenes were shot with really bad rear projection. How bad is it? You can see the connection where the screen meets the floor of the soundtrack! Describing STARLIFT as an outrageous, lazy, and third film is doing bad service to films that are sloppy, lazy, and third. It's scary. Avoid it.
