Who the guy. Did you ever want to watch a documentary about a megalomaniac jolt that destroyed your own life and alienated everyone around you? They exist in many forms. But did you ever want to look at the documentary about one who eventually failed to do something despite all the praise about how great the artistic "genius" is? So you might just be able to grab a camera and find someone like this on any local scene (I know they are everywhere and I do not go to the local scene) or you could save money by looking at this partner. <br /> <br /> The assumption is good and frank, it's not like the filmmakers know exactly where they are going, given that it's one of the difficulties to make a document. We're ready to watch two bands, Masked Brian Jamestown, led by Anthem and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I heard about The Dandy Warhols before I watched this movie ... not so much a massacre of Brian Jamestown. Why? But from the point of view of this document, as the dysfunctions of the Brian Jamestown Massacre disagreed with the possibility of actually making it happen in the music industry. However, rather than being analyzed by two separate bands, and as a man succeeded, he concentrates more on Anton and his madness. Because you see, Anton is "genius." Because he plays rock music. He really "understands the evolution of music" ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments. His music is considered a "retrograde postmodern, but the future" ... because it is rock music. He wants to bring a "revolution" ... through rock music. Well, let's say it ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupidest kids I'd like to watch on a documentary film. The document itself is not really good enough to show any of Anton's talent, because as a result of the 2,000 hours of material adjustment per quarter in two hours, we do not have time to focus on it. So instead of looking at Anton, the "genius", the social-maniacal loser, is sorrow for two hours, and he's just told he's doing really great music. Whether he did it or not, I will not know, because his document was not time enough to do it. What I know is that we have left a story that some suicidal banging runs around the country, and is called the god of music and does nothing to support it. Why is it even bothered? People like Anton do not deserve the attention they are looking for, the hope and admiration of all these different people, and especially the failure of the lost potential. This movie plays like a two-hour coarse VH1, which for some reason is extraordinary: it goes on and on about music, but it's all about image and attention. Look at that guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he behaves, look at how he's trying to make a dispute because he can not afford marketing. Joel, and that's because of anyone in this document, Joel is the only person who seems to have some fun. Maybe it's because it's a tambourine. The others are "rock stars"! It deserves our attention and admiration and interest and commitment! They're out there "to save rock and roll." Do you remember when White Stripes should "save rock & roll"? Yeah, it was because of Anton, and it's "selfish of them not to mention me (Anton) as an inspiration." What a burden. People like Anton are the most forgotten. This document explains why traditional music is so dull - because music executives have to deal with people like Anton for life, and in the end they can really throw their support for someone safe and passionate. Thanks a lot, Antoni. Your nasty music has destroyed the music for ALL you touched, whatever the opposite. And if people "about science" do not agree with Anton and it's really genius, it still shows how bad the document is, that it reduces it. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
