I still do not know why I'm forced to sit down the whole thing. This "movie" is not worth the Memorex DVD-R, which was burned; I thought I was looking at the end result of a group of high school teachers who had stolen their parents' camcorders. This is by far the worst movie ever. I really, from the bottom of my heart, I want to sue Aaron Yamasata for the two hours he stole from my life. So obviously it should be deliberate; However, if you should end up in hell and you are forced to watch this 90-minute doo-doo coil, you will see that Yamasato really tried to make a great impact. Actors are trying dramatic kick-ass performances comparable to Crimson Tide but approaching Marine. <br /> <br /> Kecny acting is just the tip of the glacier. Camera angles are horrible. The story is C-film at best - the plot is not good enough to be considered a B-film caliber. The dialogue will try to be dynamic and humorous, but it's crap like everything else. It is said that the printed version of the script attracts flies. Plus, the techno score is unpleasant ... not because it's techno but because it's NON-STOP. That's true, music is played in the background of ALL TIME and acts as a subliminal reminder of how bad it is. I do not care what claims of exclusion claim, I do not buy it. BOTS was not that bad, because that in itself meant too much what it was: a joke. This "movie" was a very low budget. But that's not the justification for his record-setting really suck. Great movies are born from nature, not from budget. BOTS did not have one. <br /> <br /> Let me further emphasize the tremendous power of this 90-minute time loss: If I had a little bit of TV with Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel and Blood of the samurai appeared, I would be faster than Steven Seagal in Executive Decision. I'm sure someone will try to defend the movie. Two, maybe three. They say, "It's a grindhouse chop-socky!" or "a good way!" or "it's so bad, it's good!" These people are idiots. The movie is either good or bad. There is no such thing as a good movie. But there are things like idiots who like dirty movies. Do not get me wrong; there are plenty of culinary people that are not to be received - seriously movies that are enjoyable and fun. Sliding does not matter. BOTS is not. <br /> <br /> This suckfest runs for about an hour and a half, and in my humble opinion it's too long for 90 minutes. The best thing about this "movie" is the DVD cover, so next time you're nearing the Wal-Mart DVD shopping cart, check it out - DO NOT USE it, just look - and leave quietly.
