I knew that between me and the D-wars we could not work from the moment we met. At first his title was lazy. D wars. Drawing Dragon was too much for them. Also ... you really can not be so spectacular with your tit, if your blue monkey. A blue monkey can do anything he wants. <br /> <br /> The second sign of the rock relationship between us was the mad story of the story. Here's the movie, a big snake news reporter, fools back to the time when he and his father went into what had to be a gremlins competition, and a dreamy news reporter found a box that shone. The old shop reveals several terrible truths. That Bauraki, allegedly an evil snake, was cheated of his chances of being divine. tells the boy that he is a reincarnated warrior and that somewhere in LA is his reincarnated lover and gives him a piece of jewelery. Store maintains also reveals that despite its apparent whiteness is 500 years old Asian. <br /> <br /> Fifteen years later, a dreamy reporter remembers it perfectly and begins to act half-insane trying to find this casual girl. cgi hijinks follow and in the last ten minutes my brain is spinning from my nose. Why? Continue with your dear reader if you have a ball. <br /> <br /> So Sarah, the overwhelmed mistress, has her own flashbacks. I have the advantage of having an Asian best friend, and on the scene where he's getting lucky and making lots of Asian characters, he tells me that anyone who shot this film knows what he's doing. Her Korean legend, and she is reincarnated from a Korean princess, but everything is in Chinese. Later in the night her dragon tat starts to hurt, she calls the police because it seems to have a heart attack. You see, in this mixed crazy world, it seems to be treating heart attacks differently, because the next time we see her, she is locked in her room with a guard outside, and her sister says he's crazy. I have a new phobia and it is that if I ever get in trouble, the first respondents will assume I'm crazy. <br /> <br /> I have another argument with my hideous mistress Dwar. There's a scene where Patrick Dempsey Jr (Dreamy Reporter) is in a cafe with a black girlfriend. In the scenes before the Miffed Near Godhead Bauraki killed an elephant, ran across the suburbs and killed one of Sarah's friends. You see, people were afraid to come out after 9-11 it happened, but we must have everything stiff after the decision about coffee and pastry is worth it to risk our lives. As usual, no huge snake will stop me from getting my caffeine. If I stay inside and fear my life, they will win terrorists and serpentine deities. <br /> <br /> After receiving a satisfying kite on a helicopter, I fight the cruel lover Dwar, who filled me with sand and vinegar filled with the scene. Bauraki has his own and right fortress under LA. They do not really say, but the Dreamy Reporter and Sarah are discharged in a car accident that would kill smaller men and when they wake up, yeah dragon palace. Some slowed dialogues later a good poet dragon snake jumps out of nothing and snakes struggle / love anything. And I'm not guessing he'd have a good snake from nowhere. Maybe you think I'm blowing from relative, I'm not mentioning this thing in the movie then all of a sudden ... there! A few seconds later, and the good dragon becomes a god's dragon, Baurki ignites, Sarah changes in spirit and goes with the Dragon Deity, a dreamy reporter who has not stayed in the middle of nowhere ... thank God Now our relationship as rocky, as he was, had his good times. There was a man who looked like a tortoise crusher and he spoke exactly like a Tuscan raider of star wars. I'll call him Tuskan Shredder. He could do what he wanted whenever he wanted it to never be useful. He could walk through the wall where it was not useful. He could go in your dreams if he did not do a good thing and he could light 10 random soldiers, but not if it was. He was also allergic to touching that junk of jewelry. I like him because he has hit him twice in the same scene and made fantastic sounds of raccoon. <br /> <br /> The great part of the game was great ... if it was almost terrible. Jason Behr, about whom I thought Roswell was great, that I slowly found out that it could be the only way, and that is demanding, spacious and Patrick Dempsey's "ish." The only thing I love about this dirty prostitute Dwars is her main actor, Bauraki. The gigantic snake came out of his heart. I would dare say that it is better to play cgi serpentine demi-god of evil when John Barrymore played Richard III. Or Hamlet. In each scene there was an emotion that stole the thunder and its smaller fatal support. When he ate the elephant, I felt that no one, present or future, would ever eat an elephant with such feelings. It was more than an actor, it was the power of nature and he gave heart and soul to every other of this cursed project. Yes, damn, my favorite actor in this movie was a cgi serpent. I got the balls to admit it, right? I hope Bauraki gets more work and it's not a cast that Jason Behr finds a whole range of other than mysterious looks, and I never had to look at Blue Monkey again. <br /> <br /> So, the D-war is over. I want my CDs back and let's be friends
