... there is no one else to watch the movie. My husband and I were looking at it last night. It's just a small theater, but there's usually a decent crowd. This time not! My husband and I were ONE people who watched dragon wars last night! Now we know why. The film was by far one of the worst I've ever seen. Yes, CG was good, but it was. Play, script and dialogue, direction, editing, etc. They were terribly terrible! Because we were in peace, we felt free to speak during the movie. That is, we talked about how bad it was that it reminded us of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, Godzilla, Mortal Combat, and Lord of the Rings. It was like expecting Rita and Lord Zed to show the commander of Sauron's army. Creation was ridiculous. You can not just imagine the legion of the dino / dragon / lizard stuff loaded with cannons without explanation. Lord of the Rings has a wide range of characters but presents and develops them over 3 films, not in an hour and a half. The transition of the scene is terrible. I did not sleep during the movie, but although it was too simple a conspiracy, I found myself lost in holes. Those characters were Caucasian Americans, but he spoke almost to the broken English due to the misspelled dialogue in the script. <br /> <br /> The last scene that could buy some movie value ... failed. Ethan did not cry when Sarah died ... though he had not known her for such a long time. He did not seem too upset that he could stay in Mordor without knowing where he was or how to come back. We could not find out where he is or how he got there for God's love, but if he was not upset, we should not even be. And why dresses that Sarah's spirit was wearing look like she'd borrowed it from Queen Elizabeth? One more thing ... all three of the hero's main characters were reincarnation brought to completion. Sarah completed her assignment and moved to the afterlife. Jack does it too. So why did Ethan get scrapped? He remained alone, without a girl, without a map / compass / helicopter, to help him return. What is he supposed to do? Send smoke signals? And when she returns home, she just returns to her job? He had to get the same mercy that he had been killed by a movie that had other heroes. Do not waste your time or money on this movie. We only stayed behind because we paid for it, but once the hits hit, we were out.
