KING MAKER will undoubtedly be successful in Thailand where a similar (but superior) "The Legend of Suriyothai" sets box office records. Film director Lek Kitaparaporn after Sean Casey's script based on historical fact in 1547 Siam has some amazingly beautiful visual elements but is disarmed by one of the most horrible pedestrian scripts and story-based development in the movie. <br /> <br /> The image relates to the arrival of a Portuguese soldier Fernando de Gamma (Gary Stretch), whose revenge for the murderer of this father led him to the wreckage, captured and plunged into slavery and put into a block in Ayutthaya in the Siam kingdom, where she will buy her beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with the name and history that is revealed during the story. There is a conspiracy in which the king will overthrow and Fernando and his new Siamese sidekick Tong (Dom Hetrakul), after a volunteer CGI martial arts choreography, are first rewarded by the king to become his bodyguards only to be imprisoned together by one queen Sudahan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals her conspiracy to kill the king and son to allow her lover Lord Chakkraphat (Oliver Pupart) to take over the Siam government. However, Fernando and Tong, of course, escape and are condemned to fight against themselves to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando is now a firm love affair with Mary) with the expected consequences. (except for John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film sometimes looks like it should be a camp. A predominantly determined Thai struggle with a bad written dialogue that wished us to use their native Thai subtitles. Ian Livingstone's musical score sounds like exhumed from the old TV series. But if it is visual beauty, then there is plenty of it and that in itself makes the film worth watching. It's a movie that has obviously high financial support for all the special effects and the amount of cast and set and shows its good intentions. These are just the basics that are missing. Grady Harp
