Well, I will not criticize this film in depth. I note that I have already thanked many cheap reviews and how I like Maria de Medeiros, I hesitated a long time to make a humiliating remark - and so it passed for almost a year. But every time I see this DVD on the shelves, I feel an inner groan. Anyway, let your noble voices dominate! But for the other binoculars like me - be careful. <br /> <br /> Expressed in the simplest and finest terms, here is my attitude: The political turbulence and overthrow that provided background for this film also served as a backdrop for a certain period of my life - through the newspapers I read daily in my local Central European pub . I watched the news then, but I never fully understood what was going on. The reporters tended to report either impartially or conservatively, frowning on any groups that disturbed peace or incited a rebellion against founding. There were times when other winds of turmoil developed in Paris, Berlin, Prague, and various places in the US, all the things that I understood at that time - but dictatorship or not, my documents tried to treat the Portuguese government simply as not to be used as a "bad empire" to use the fake Star Wars terms. So, week after week, I read about failures, but I never found intelligent editorial material that could provide history behind them or evaluate the practices and socio-economic implications of the dictatorship, etc. So when I purchased this film, I had at least two hopes: finally understand the details, which have led to social unrest and enjoy a well-conceived path. This movie gave me none. The film assumes that viewers already have sufficient knowledge and deep emotion about historical facts. Dramas - Well, as I said, I would like to encourage Maria de Medeiros and the Portuguese film industry, but - it was a shirts and shallow. I got a copy of the DVD from France - "Selection of the official Cannes 2000 - Un Certain Regard". The box shows a smiling, purely seasoned actor, a victorious fashion sign that reminds me of more of the Playboy bunny. After I saw the work, I was thinking about what the French could think of - although as a shallow bit of "cinema verite" with sensitive ethnic content, I understand their natural inclination to praise them as "honesty," but .. . <br /> <br /> Look at the back of the box: "Not at Chaleuruex sur la Revolution" - Try to describe Allende's overthrow and murder with a "sincere look!" Try it with Czechoslovakia in 1968! Try it with a whole series of overthrows and civil uprisings! Other reviews: Maria de Medeiros renoue 'avec son pays, son enfance et son histoire. <br /> <br /> I love Portugal. All over Europe, Lisbon, Barcelona and Prague are my favorite towns, but my love for city and country does not create an empty film. to hold the old VHS tapes from Capas Negras and A Cancao de Lisboa - I've been stuck with zone 2 with the name above, which could still go to the trash.
