Like most reviewers, I've seen it on Starz! On request. After watching the preview with my girlfriend she decided not to look at how bad the preview was being watched. On the other hand, I thought it was strange enough to justify it. I think the proposal of Dr. himself Meso has at least reduced this title at least. After I looked at it, I can say that even though there are some interesting aspects to it (especially browsing laptops and trying to find an incomprehensible story), it's better to pass this. <br /> <br /> * The Main Singers Forward * After the first video for their unfinished CD, the main singer Cassidy kills in an attempt to get her friend Neil to notice her. Three months later, the band tries to decide whether to finish the album or not. To try to find out what Cassidy wanted, visit her old psychic friend, Dr. Meso, and tried to contact him. Dr. Meso in his card reads four cards for all four remaining band members. The bad times are ahead of us. (I just wanted to point out that they later explain in the film that the Death Card is really just a change.) Even without the consent of their deceased friend, they decide to go on and finish the album. But when she's in the bathroom, best friend Cassidy, Dora, captures her late friend. When another friend enters her, Dora stands in the dark and asks for her sunglasses. That's when the killing starts. My main problem with the movie from the very beginning is that it seems to be a heavy stylized bug. Too much deformation effects, unnecessary magnification, and lots of other cheap effects make this movie stunning. Discontinuous action will not help. While the story hangs together for the first part, as soon as Cassidy is resurrected, everything falls apart. Between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mysteriously managed to get into a locked building), we have shown that they are connected in some way. However, within a few minutes of this revelation we find that Cassidy is a truly independent creature from Meso. Then he turns to the guy who helped revenge, and he pulls away furiously to remind Jack Nicholson of Joker. But not in a good sense. From that moment on, Cassidy's place of residence will appear, but there are strange losses, as the character moves from place to place almost without sequence. One scene we see is how Cassidy standing at the table when the figure comes in is not found anywhere. When she moves behind the desk, we see her at the end of the corridor. Then in another room to grab the keys (which Neil already has), then back. Not to mention that Cassidy is in the mood from one moment to the next, it seems to be totally 180 without a catalyst. One moment wants to kill everyone (though she just wounded 90% of the figure) - another apologizes to everyone and walks out of the door to die again. Did the sound get mad? That's because it is. It's a confused mess that I'm sure the writer has not even managed to figure out. As for the performance, most of them are especially wooden. Some are interesting, but in general it is not a piece that would be known for acting. The story is the driving force of this work.
