STUDIO 666 (also known as POSSESSED in the UK) is another sub-par slasher that has the appearance of the film directly on the film. <br /> <br /> While many movies directly on DVDs are faster, so bad that it makes good sense, STUDIO 666 is a scandal. <br /> <br /> At the time of writing, each comment on the first page contains negative reviews and negative reviews. Each of these people hit the nail on his head. Two people (at the time of writing) who wrote comments with a rating of 10 out of 10 should not take it seriously. Obviously, they have seen a few movie slasher and have a more limited understanding of horror. The only really positive point I can make about this movie is that it does better than THE CHOKE and one of them, two extremely average Slasher films I would not want on my worst enemy! The story of this film had to be done hundreds, if not a thousand times. The film has only a slight intervention (and one that is ill-treated) with the usual expectations. A tame singer commits suicide. Soon after, her spirit returns to earn one of her surviving friends. The missing friend continues to kill. The rest of the plot is really too bizarre to sum up. You will only have to see it for yourself if your interest has not yet disappeared to the point of extinction, of course. Playing in the movie is a very bad majority. The actress who played Doru was an exception. Her character was always interesting and seductive when she was on the screen. Helps raise the film over similar efforts. Some of the lines she was told were, unfortunately, misspelled to say so slightly, and so prevented her from saving the film. The direction was just as bad. The villains did not look a little horrible, each killing was completely free of tension or tension, the atmosphere did not exist and the camera was incredibly basic. Some special effects (if you can call them) reminded me of the TV series GHOST STORIES. Unfortunately for the producers of this film, GHOST STORIES has intelligently written scripts, an incredible performance and greatly utilized camera angles. Perhaps if the producers watched the TV serials thoroughly, they would choose some other techniques that could save this excuse for the movie! Music is completely inappropriate for the movie tone. It's just rock music and not the best examples of this type. Do not let me start playing this terrible song at the beginning! Some aspects of the movie, especially the dialogue, are unintentionally funny. Unfortunately, they are not as funny as to move the movie up (or down) to such a bad level. <br /> <br /> Overall, STUDIO 666 is a world average slasher with very few notable aspects. I recommend it only to those who are fans of movies right on DVD and have the desire to see every slasher ever made.
