I hope that the viewer who thinks the Dream Machine is one of Corey Haim's most beautiful films and the "best movies of the century" makes fun of it. Unspecified sarcasm from my side? I sincerely hope. <br /> <br /> Dream Machine is the first of a long line of average capers to ravage the rest of Corey Haim's career (with the exception of "Prayer Rollerboys," which was surprisingly decent). Here Haim plays a nonchalant undergraduate, Bernie, who assumes that a cool car attracts his attention to the girl's dream. Lucky for Bernie, a wealthy woman trying to get back to her cheating spouse, quickly decides to reward her faithful pianist - Bernie - for the gift: the neat Porsche Turbo. However, ignorant of the woman and unfortunate for Bernie, her dead husband was murdered and his body was hidden in the trunk. Now that it's in this movie, it does not seem to destroy the bodies or contain a foul feature, Bernie does not know about it. In fact, this unobtrusive boy does not know that something suspicious happens despite the few special circumstances that arise. Particularly, a man watches the grizzly, desperately trying to get the body into the body relatively undetectable. This is a low-quality action pile, as many of Haim's films like this (see The Double O Kid). Despite the fact that this is a sub-action, part of a romantic comedy, this film does not give the viewer anything that would interest at least five minutes forty-five minutes when filmmakers need more time than the instant problem (ie, the car and the dead body, and the hit man to find out that Porsche will be hard to find). After that, and because of the bad behavior of Haim (I loved this child, but it is not exactly sacrifice when I admit the times when she obviously fails well) and the lack of real immediacy and urgency between Bernie and the villain, makes most of the events unconvincing and consequently unexpected . To add an injury to the insult, the soundtrack was incredibly ridiculous and it sounded more like the obvious songs you would hear in the America team (see "date" assembly). Loyal Corey Haim fans, however, would not be disappointed to see their boy in abundance. Others, however, understand that Haim's career is likely to culminate when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered. He could expect mediocrity as well as viewers who are looking for a b-comedy flute for the early 1990s.
