It seems that in the 1970s several films like this were released. And the fact that I can not remember the title of one is the measure of their impact. That's what the writers call "pot-boilers." They are Micheal Caine, Peter Ustinov, Omar Sharif, Rex Harrison and William Holden, and these are hardly any more than a vehicle to keep movie stars in the public eye. more than enough names to get to the cameras. Every taste in the hero is assured. Although somebody suspects that most of the audience is still disappointed. Their talents are simply thrown away, and I wonder that stars with so much money and such a reputation can still be desperate or lacking in a good sense. This kind of movie is hardly adding gilding to the biography. Sometimes actors may choose their director instead of the other. <br /> <br /> It was quite obvious that it would be nasty even from the start. It does not correspond with the dark music, which also occurs when some random noise is needed, had all the atmospheric conviction of the Muzak elevator. Who imagined he would employ a jazz band when the scene depicts the jungles of Central Europe in Africa or the endless Sahara with camels and palms as a backdrop? It's definitely a serious ball. Ennio Morricone would know what to do; and his results would have exhausted enough atmosphere and tension to make my rating a good two points. This director should have trouble seeing "Lawrence of Arabia" or even Western Sergio Leone's; maybe he learned a few things. But then again, it probably would not work. Alfred Hitchcock played a faded female theme with good effect in his film "Frantic". He was later transformed with the same fiddle at Harrison Ford. In any case, the confusion surrounding her loss and tension of persecution was tangible. Here, when Michael Caine could otherwise be forced to employ a bit of brains and brains, Rex Harrison constantly emerged from a place like some dense old geniuses to bring him back in his way whenever he came across. <br /> <br /> At least the shooting was good, with excellent use of often beautiful surroundings. But then the stupid music must pipe and blow into the atoms, how little atmosphere it has created. The action scenes were also rolled out and coiled, with such an uncompromising choreography of combat sequences that could be introduced in the first year of the dramatic class. And of course, players have to fight the jazz escort - just like you do. <br /> <br /> And that's probably the kind of comment that this article deserves. Except that the script was pretty pathetic. <br /> <br /> Keep your hobby on this. Even if they include your favorite movie stars, you will also be disappointed.
