I am in amazement! Wow, get ready to be blown away by the strange ways of ninja. Watch them when they fall, crawl on the ground (on their backs or stomachs) like a caterpillar, fly through the sky, climb the buildings, hide and stem from the trees, throw around the ninja stars, roll the blue welcome mats, disappear in the smoke bombs, make a lot of swoosh sounds with their blades and quickly creep or jerk on their fingers. What a look! I could really go on with many traditional events, but I'll be here all day. And let's not forget that we'll even get the legendary Chuck Connors, which is reappearing now and there, and watching it broadcast some ninja with a shotgun with ease. What class! What a bad one! Anyway, the ultra-cheap "Sakura Killers" is some stupid but cheerful ninja entertainment fun that only fanatics of the genre would get some of this crazy b-grade debacle. Genetic Laboratory in America has a very important video that stole several ninjas. Two Americans are sent to Japan by Colonel (Chuck Connors) to read it. <br /> <br /> Opening this feature will set it nicely. Get ready for laughter! Then it slows down, but soon after the two main heroes learn about the ninja and go through the training, they get the head of the steam when they break into their costumes and run off the stolen beta tape containing a very important formula. This is the moment when horribly fast action and aerobic marriage art really come to us. It's not too dirty (as well as crazy scenario and villains). Ultimate climate clearance is very well done. In slow stretches, two Americans (Mike Kelly and George Nicholas) who are involved in the case, share an insignificant conversation and encounter minor problems. What made me laugh was how the ninjas were deferred by how the two were brave and smart. Should this be professional killers? Director Dusty Nelson ('Effects (1989)') has done serious work with what he has and plays it for what it is. Focuses on screen activities around major Taiwan sites. Score is a chintzy arrangement.
