So I rented it from Netflix because someone gave me a book by Roger Ebert "I hated, hated, hated this film," and gave him an extraordinary zero star book and said at the end of his original Mad Dog Time review should be cut to provide free ukulele picks for the poor. "So I thought Ebert says I'll see if it's really as bad as he said it, I know most people say they can not listen to criticism and judge myself, but I could not say , how much I hated this piece of junk, as Ebert did and never from Robber Reiner's Eberto's "North" show, where he said, "I've ever heard such a great review of hate film." Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster who does not think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a gangster if the script of this film was well written, but above all the other things that were terrible about this "movie" While the film begins with Jeff Goldblum says he enjoyed watching Dreyfuss's girlfriend while Dreyfuss was in a criminal hospital the movie starts with some decent dialogue after the initial credits. But after these first 4 or 5 minutes, the other 85 minutes consist of silly characters who talk about absurd garbage for 30 seconds, then someone is shot. Then there's a whole lot of joke about Dreyfuss being mentally ill. Ha-Ha. It's not funny. Then we get to the unpleasant and dysfunctional scene that parodied Gabriel Byrne "Frankie Sinatra" sung "My Way", which apparently defiled Dreyfuss. Of course, because the script was written at the level of the sixth grader, Dreyfuss shoots Byrne over five times, and Byrne simply does not die. Are we like an audience that even had to make sure it was fun? I can definitely tell you I do not care or I like it. I'm not only disappointed with Dreyfuss (which I very much admired as an actor) for making and playing in this tripe but I was also very disappointed in Jeff Goldblum because it was released in the same year that "Independence Day" was the best grossing film year and finally one of the most successful films in history. Did Goldblum know that the "Independence Day" would be a flop, and then he just took another role that was offered to earn some money if the "Independence Day" were a bomb? What did the Oscar winner and the star of the two greatest films making movies in history make of it? The initial "Mad Dog Time" sequence says the film is located on another planet. Now I just wish I lost 93 minutes when I watched this trash that would remain and open up in the theaters on the planet where it was supposed to happen, so everyone on this planet would never have had this absurd waste 93 minutes of life I will never come back. Ebert said the film should be cut out, not good enough, I'm afraid. Each copy of "Mad Dog Time" should contain gasoline all over the body and ignite fire. I have the worst movie I've ever seen, because this movie has won the honor as the worst movie ever.
