What insult Olivia D'Abo, who plays Robin's heroine to make Keanu Reeves appear so great in the box art of the film (and at least in recent newspapers that only Reeves appears on the box), given that she was a star. I realize that it is his name, which eventually sells this long-forgotten After School Special, but at least gives the woman some credit. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it must be one of the worst sports themes of the movies I've ever seen, and it is very hard to add not only teens and sports film clichés from the class war between war gymnasts and teenage romantics. And trying to go some way as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (with music in one of the dance scenes scenes is even close to the remarkable "Maniac" of Michael Sembell, who was the famous Flashdance, or was it the other way around?). It includes similar dance sequences and even worse, even the 80s, dance and sporting traditions of blunt dance between the heroine and her antagonists, who doubts her team's successes and abilities. We saw it in Trashin (vert ramp joust) and Rad (BMX dancing at the ball, though it was not much for a competition but rather for fun) for example. In fact, this film is full of unrealistic anger, like somewhat homosexual warfare in Salvation Army clothes with Robin and her girlfriend from the team. However, the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather bad environment. To make it a great pleasure to concentrate on the audience as much as possible, she lives with her sick mother, her unpleasant sister, and her careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not so tempting. Add to the mix talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to join the team (including the harassment of her arrogant, snob teammates and trainer who also eventually doubts her ability to compete well). And of course we can not forget that he has eyes for one of the pretty boys who meet one of the foul playmates and that he does not have a stable friend (though Keanu later enters Tommy into the picture). Could this child still be pathetic? And it seems that one mess after the other comes in the way that the awkward, long, redundant and quest of the search proves its value to everyone. But even the main moments of the cheese that make up most of the film are hardly worth mentioning because the greatest distraction of this film is terrible talk and dialogue. (I love how the coach at the gym suddenly appears at the dining table in the middle of the dance race to scramble to the teammates). Makes an episode of "Stunning Stories" looks like Shakespeare. I imagine that anyone who can find this film and look at it today is probably most attracted to the nostalgic factor. You could be happy for it, but it's also an incredibly compelling drama. So, Caveat Emptour.
