-can contain spoilers ... but believe me, this movie is falling apart from start to finish. <br /> <br /> I entered this movie with great expectations. It was my mistake. I made too much inventory into Steve Carell's record. 40 years old virgin ... Little Miss Sunshine ... Office. And I also made the mistake of coming to IMDb and seeing 7.5 user ratings before I go to the movie. In the past, it has always been a very good predictor, but recently something is really off. The last time I felt embarrassed and watched this painful cinematography in 1990, "Blue Steel". This flick started from the beginning to the end. The script was a gruesome material. Wonderful writing all around. "The killer of love"? "Love is the ability"? Whoever wrote this stupidity suffered the same misery that struck the writer (and) the American beauty ... he was trying too hard waaaaayyyyyy. The whole movie was fiery with three business moments, such as a terrible and imagined shower scene. Or an absurd / confused aerobic scene. Or the awful scene of the laundry. Just when you think something serious and / or real is going on, it fits in one of these awful moments. And it's happening over and over again. And what about Carel's figure? Does the guy meet with some ladies in the bookstore and suddenly falls in love with her heels? Let's look at it. Their interview sucking. They both should say they'll say goodbye after a few minutes. Pay attention to the initial interview when you are unlucky to watch this movie ... Carel's character is trying to say something that is totally random and non-funny (I think the exact line was "this once when I was a kid" ... that's seriously), but they both laughed so that the coffee is coming out of their nose. The actors themselves looked as if they were in pain, wondering why they were being directed to what they were doing. <br /> <br /> Return to IMDb ... you need to find out how to keep the movie promotion team out of this page. I know it's impossible, but it is painfully obvious that the first twenty of such reviews / reviews were published by either 12-year-olds or in a cafe. Take a look at The Family Stone ... if it's in the middle of 5 then it must be absolutely 2 ... and it pushes it.
