As is often the case, the impressive and explosive trailers of Asian films are nothing but a stark story. Like Unleashed (which was great), Dog Bite Dog tells a story where men are brought up as a wild wild dog that makes his master's offer. The main characters, emotionally undeveloped, the amoral killer who is associated with an equally unstable police officer, are far from the common heroes and villains we often see. In fact, to the end, will you lose a trace of who you should empathize without feeling the smallest emotions for one of the men? whether the director's failure or perhaps the underlined message he was trying to say, it is up to you to decide. Although the beginning of the film was full of intrigue and unpredictability, it was a humorous story about survival and vengeance. The tension, which was obvious at first sight, soon disappeared due to the gross erroneous music score that reduced the potentially effective story. And finally, you felt that all this detailed background information and introspection of the main characters were somewhat unnecessary. On the plus side, was the transition in the story from point to point b quite atypical compared to American films? so those who are unfamiliar with Asian movies and are tired of Hollywood's predictability should look. <br /> <br /> The white balance seemed most of the movie. It was as if you were looking at a picture taken on a fluorescent lamp when it was to be set to tungsten. Maybe I'm the only one, but it's got my eyes tight. The movie also enjoyed playing tricks on you? an interesting area gave me the hope of a slowly moving story until it was redirected to a low-budget and low-speed scene. And just when you think you're going to get an unresponsive indie that ends with a combination of Shakespeare's tragedy, you realize that it's not the end, but rather the transition to a miserable country music assembly of peace and serenity. > <br /> Throw in some harsh backstage scenes, a moment of redemption unexpectedly brought back to wildness and back on the opposite side, Asian body fluid fascination and terrible musical scores that do not match the movie, and you get the average insignificant Asian thriller. <br /> <br /> It just does not work out why each battle scene was covered with clips of lion roared? Did I think they should symbolize dogs? Finally, do we finally remind you of a true killer who still lurks between us? tetanus. <br /> <br /> 4/10
