After watching this movie, I had two very unpleasant things about this movie: why did Chen's character make this McGuyver hit mana and Lee's character such an incompetent idiot? Chen's character background is that he was brought up in an underground Cambodian orphanage for thirsty blood fighters to teach them to quarrel like wild "dogs." This detail is timed during the scene when it gets into the cabin and as it begins to drive it shows how unknown it is with the seatbelt. Soon after this scene, he has a similar situation in a low-cost restaurant. Not only is he uneducated, he is starving. This is not a reference to Chen's dirty figure, but to two early scenes in a movie where food is discarded, one of which is fish slurry from the bottom deck floor on an old ship. In the first ten minutes of the film, Chen is found to be malnourished, unadulterated and has nothing but his "dog" warlike fighting style of any kind. Despite this situation, Chen managed to fire every policeman (even managed to ricochet a metal tube bullet to hit a man in his head holding Chen's hostage hostage) and somehow gained super human strength (the swings of a 50 lb block of concrete, plastered at the end of a metal pipe, head of the police chief as shot in the chest, said boss). <br /> <br /> Now Lee's character ... okay, I got it, it's depressing, it has some luggage but wow can do something okay? At one point, they try to calm him down, compose him, and get ready to take care of the business, and in the next moment he's beaten again. The first scene goes to Chena and he can skip about 15 feet, several times. At the end of the scene, Lee looks at Chena while his close friend and coworker slowly bites his neck with a long knife for a good full 5 seconds while holding a gun on Chen's face at a distance of 10 feet. Even at the end of the film, Lee will be able to get to death and fail again. <br /> <br /> And my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a way that filmmakers are trying to get audiences judged by the character of Chenna and that it's just a 'killing to survive'. That would be much easier if I did not just look at Chen killing innocent people in the horror movie. Of the many people he killed, only two people planned to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were just people who ate, shipowners, taxi drivers and cops who tried to arrest him, not kill him. Chen's character is simply a cold-blooded killer who kills for what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Did I mention that, for most of the film, I have a packet of hundreds of dollar bills?) My 3 stars will get into some interesting directories and cameras that have gotten into some nice shots. Bottomline: One was made for Chen fans by embracing nuts. For me, "Bite This Dog DVD"
