I really would really like to see this movie and it's been waiting for months before we get it through our Blockbuster Total Access account. When it appeared in our mailbox, I threw it directly into the DVD player. I was very disappointed, which made me angry again. Every movie will have a chance even if I want to leave the theater / press "stop". I was looking all the way, but I did not gain anything, but frustration. The game was very, very good, but it was about it. Nothing is explained; while we realized Mathieu became depressed and landed in a psychological department of some kind, we never knew his "fall". While we understand that Cedric is falling apart, we do not see it happen or why it happened. During a conversation with Mathieu's doctor, Cedric reveals that he cheated him once, but it was not a big deal. I was expecting it in retrospectives, but nothing. We also have indications that Cedric was the one who brought Mat to the hospital - but again, we do not see it. I know some of the movies are "come out as it is," but this movie honestly ticked me off. When Pierre, Cedric's ex appears in the club and starts trouble, we can not see his hair until the end, and it took me a long time to find out that Pierre WAS was former. His personality in the club and when Mat finds him is totally different. Maybe I'm wrong to say this is that it was confused. The film expects you to know everything and you will move along with the discontinuous, out-of-place and confusing pace. I can keep up with movies like "Pi", "Citizen Kane" and other movies that have left and right flashbacks / flash-forward, but CU has not captured and captured style. At the end of "Citizen Kane" you know what's going on and discover the answer to the main mysteries. CU let you hang. In his "we do not want to tell you the thing you've seen, imagine it for yourself." It's like reading a book with rewritten chapters and missing pages. <br /> <br /> Good deal, as I said. I liked the characters but the whole story was too disappointing.
