According to my note "Kool-Aid drinkers" I think they are so devoted fans of the man Pavarotti that they did not try to objectively evaluate this film. When you make this number 10, you commemorate the Wally Cox Award for Mr. Universe, or you will make a velvet Elvis painting in the Louvre !!! When this film debuted, I remember wild reviews with subtitles such as "No, Giorgio" and some said they were among the worst movies ever shot. This is definitely overstated. While bad and far from great artistic work, the film would have liked it and the biggest lack of the film was not Pavarotti's or his circuit. Believe it or not, the main blame lies solely on the writers' shoulders (who, in my opinion, were chimpanzees). It's rare to see a movie with such a cliché or scandalous dialogue as a fight for food, but they're not the heart of the problem. The problem is that writers want the audience to care for "romance," consisting of a horny married middle-aged and seemingly desperate lady. Perhaps the European audience may forgive more, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such romance seems dirty and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "it's just fun." Wow, talk about a romantic dialogue! It's sad that if they just changed the script and made Pavarotti's widow, or maybe his wife would be like a wife from some classic Hollywood movies, for example from ALL THIS AND NEBE, TOO or THE SUSPECT (where the woman was so nasty and infallible you could forgive my husband who has a matter or even kills her). Instead, it's a nice mother of two children patiently waiting at home, while her egotistical crap torts on the right and left - like Pavarotti admits he had a lot of stuff before Harrold meets. Unfortunately, even the wonderful music of Pavarotti could not save the film. At the end of the film there are some amazing scenes in New York where the set of incredible and Pavarotti's vocals is transcendent. For this reason, I think the film at least deserves 3. I really wanted to like the film more, but it was really a bad film - though not as rotten as you have heard. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, from what I read, this film can be a case of life-imitation art, because Pavarotti's own life later on had some parallels to this film, although it is not exactly a forum for detailed discussion.
