I have never heard of this movie until I read about it on the Unknown Films website, which raised me. As a cartoonist and illustrator myself, I am admired by Richard Williams - I intend to consider Ziggy's gift as one of the most beautiful Christmas specials of all time, and although Who is Framed Roger Rabbit has ceased to be one of my favorite films, at the age of sixteen, , care and attention to the detail that went into creating visual visuals - but it seems that one has his mistakes, especially the susceptibility to budget overtime and overtime, and this film is a testimony of how badly even an overly talented person like Williams can to go in the right circumstances. Raggedy Ann and Andy are strange candies trying to be weird and experimental and outside the walls inside the boundaries of the children's cartoon. They also try to be musical. It also tries to be a thousand and one more thing - is it a freakout? Is it ok? Is it the paean of innocence of childlike imagination? - until they lose their unlimited ambition and aspirations. It is beautifully revived, most of them, although uninteresting backgrounds could use somewhat more attention, but it does not count too much when you are confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that creates a lot of "action" here. <br /> <br /> There are a number of problems with the movie, but let's go with Raggedy Ann and Andy ourselves. They are show stars, but they have no personalities. In fact, we get a message that Andy is a smart guy ("I'm not a girl toy," she sings), and Ann has a unique view of things because her owner, a little girl named Marcella, carries her upside down, but that's all what we will learn about the silent practices, because the enormous gust of this film does not begin until then. I use the word "strangeness" because some strange movies can be extremely fun, but that's just strange. Toys and dolls in the games room should be cute and nice, but they are really bizarre and disturbing. The two puppets that do and say everything in sync are a good example of that. But they are quite normal compared to the constantly sneaking pirate captain, whose mustache is upright and whose fork is increasing when he first captures the view of the charming French doll. Yes, it was a kid's movie! Then there is music, of which nothing is memorable and everything that sing actors who can not sing. And add insult to injury, there's a lot of singing in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally get out of the room, the first thing they do is sing a long number in the woods about how terrified they are, how they will have each other and ... yes we get a message. It seems to take forever, but at least it brings a certain appearance of normality to the film. But it's not long since Camel's wrinkled knees lead us into a bizarre world where everything looks like it's made of worn and faded jeans, and - quite badly, he's a paranoid schizophrenic - he's also hallucinating. But this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. Greedy, alive, breathing. craving, farting, constant consumption of the taffy pool, is so shimmering, scary and ultimately disturbing, you will not believe what you see - it's so close to the psychedelic drug-free experience I've ever seen in the movie. Then after l-o-n-g time spent with Greedy comes the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his king KooKoo, whose throne resembles a urinal. I can not believe I actually write a description of the actual movie capsules - I just had to wipe my eyes and remind myself that I was not blogging about the overwhelming nightmare I had. Part of the sequence in Looney Landu recalls one of the old cartoons Winsor McCay / Little Nemo, because for some good reason, as if someone felt that he was doing, he probably is not. Everything would be all right if there was some rhyme or reason behind it, but it is not. These scenes are just strange and very, very long. Surrealism works only if it is a strong idea behind it, or it is against some reality. Nothing in these scenarios, however, suggests any realities. Remove this element and stay with pure self-confidence. When the final scene breaks down, even the animation begins to appear less impressive (a pirate ship, ridiculously detailed, tears on the water in a way that suggests that some of the cells disappeared during production) and there is no ending event that simply indicates that the money has ended. Even in fairly long 86 minutes, the film feels like endless suffering, and it is understandable why it came to its original release. Animation fans are likely to scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to handle the matter so spectacularly, but he did it and nobody can do anything about it.
