SHALLOW GRAVE begins either by honoring or breaking the shower scene in PSYCHO. (I'm inclined towards tearing.) Then it worsens and surprisingly improves, almost to being original. Bad acting and amateur director shots bring a pretty interesting little story, but the movie is already outperforming many in the "Yankee comes down to the South to get killed by a bunch of rednecks" genre, because it's actually shot in the South. <br /> <br /> A group of college girls to Ft. Lauderdale on a summer vacation and are out in Georgia with a flat tire after they stepped out of the highway. (Note to Yankees: Stay on the highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has to wait for her to go to the forest. When he finally finds a good place for his business, he witnesses that the local sheriff (Tony March) has strangled his mistress (Merry Rozelle). (Note to the Yankees: Do not be afraid of the forest when you are in the South, not because you could witness murder, but you might come across a marijuana plantation.) That's where the story, not the movie, really is coming to be good . While Tony March will never have to practice his Oscar Speech, his Dean Sheriff will become a scary facsimile of a normal guy who has been torn apart by what he has done and what he has to do. Tom Law is as sympathetic as Deputy Scott, and is an equally authentic Southern representative, as I have seen from Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in the 1000-Corpus House. Several scenes in the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at BBQ in South Carolina and show their racism when they check out a big black man. Sue Ellen hits the barn to hide behind the bales of hay, and in a shocking realistic moment, a big snake with her is hiding in the snow. And on the quirky scene, the sheriff is doing as if he is going to rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tells her to get his clothes. Dean turned the radio to drown the noise of what to do. The preacher on the radio must return and read his Bible. His sermon is about how Israel is saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I apologize for this preacher preacher. Jezebel was in the Old Testament several thousand years before Christ was born, and by no means is one of the five people you meet in heaven.
