Watching a trailer only on Theodore Rex would you think he's a bad friend with Whoopim Goldberg and a guy in a dinosaur costume. That's true, but it's mostly a futuristic story that looks a lot like Batman Forever with its directional style and strange characters. It was bad and should be marketed as a futuristic story instead of just a lame comedy comedy. Whether this film is bad, it's still a terrible movie. In the future, dinosaurs return to life with amazing technology and talk and walk like humans. Teddy is a dinosaur detective who has never taken seriously, but after the dinosaur was murdered, he gave him the opportunity to work, but he must be a partner with the harshest policeman, Katie Coltrane (Whoopi Goldberg). It's up to this inconsistent duo that deals with murder, and it's up to the audience to stay awake long enough to get through this raw piece. Teddy begins the picture as a normal acting character, but it's endless to end up listening to it. For some reason, along with being a detective, he's also a bad comedian and a bad impersonator. It makes imitation of famous people and accents and has really horrible lines. Whoopi accuses him of punching them and saying, "That's not my ass!" Wow! What a small, immature line, even for a child's film of this caliber. Whoopi is also unpleasant and harsh for all. I was hoping Teddy would bite his head for the whole length of the movie. This movie never knew what it wanted to be. When there are futuristic scenes and events, there is no comedy or humor. In all inactive scenes, the characters try to be just as funny as they can, which only leads to the boredome being in direct contact. Action scenes do not work because they are too weird and nonviolent, and as mentioned above, comedy is just a lot of massacre jokes. Nothing works here. <br /> <br /> Having a dinosaur / human detective duo looks like a pretty original movie if nothing else. No way! This film is a huge quote Who Roger Rabbit. Just replace the dinosaurs with cartoon motifs and set them up in the future and it's the same conspiracy. The man is killed, the dinosaur is killed. Dinosaur and detective solve murder, breath and detective to resolve murder. Thieves in Roger King are Christopher Lloyd and Cowards. Thieves here are a guy who sounds like Christopher Lloyd and guys who behave just like lasics. The club scene in Roger Rabbit, where Jessica Rabbit walks along the stage, is imitated by dinosaurs. This is a huge break away from a much better movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a bad movie without deserving to be in the VHS position. <br /> <br /> My rating: 1/2 of ****. 90 minutes. PG for mild violence, language and humor.
