Once again, one of the most misunderstood goddesses of my country twisted "the West," who can not understand the esoteric symbolism of Mother Goddess in its dark forms. Mother takes the terrifying form of Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and scare our ego. And although Kali and Durga give blood to the victim, the events described in this film are simply absurd. The mother accepts an angry form to be angry with our inner demons, constraints and ego when no other form is enough. It's also in its angry form to burn all of your Karmas in the bush "Smashan" that you cultivate in your heart to dance if you love it and bring you to reality and truth. Reality and truth have a dark side and a light that serves purpose. Mother is the embodiment of the physical universe, it is nature. Nature can be cruel and destructive to maintain balance. You can not grow and live without death and destruction. Kali represents the power of destruction for the purpose of new growth and the life of the cosmic and spiritual in the universe. I am very infuriating that people who know nothing about India or divinity can only take one of our beloved goddesses and use it as a cheap prostitute to create a low-budget horror film without talent. How dare they take our beloved Mother and portray it as the horror that people cut off their eyelids! It is terrible only to those who are connected with their ego and who live in deceit, greed, anger, and other internal demons. It is clear to me that the person who wrote this film must have a very serious self-deceiving ego and serious inner demons to see Kali so terrifying and terrifying. When the ego falls, it becomes a charming, beautiful and young form, a beauty that is so magical that it sees that it enchants the whole universe. Kali Maa is an ancient mother you do not have to waste with for fun, we just hope that in her infinite compassion and mercy she does not get angry about those who deal with this film. <br /> <br /> The fragility that Western people use religion like mine or the religion of the Caribbean islands like Santeria and Voda that are really very positive and other such religions that twist and exaggerate the misunderstood elements that the Western mind can not understand is totally absurd. Obviously, people live, breathe and believe when they come to such movements. Kali Maa is in fact a nurturing and compassionate mother with whom she casts tears of beautiful legs in devotion and love to. And I am happy that my mother sometimes defends her devotion from herself and her outside powers. Many honors REAL Kali Mao, which showed the MNO the way of God and realization.
