I saw it immediately after I saw HILLSIDE CANNIBALS, so everything would be an improvement. In addition, it prevents me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its sequel. Unfortunately, the more I watched, the more I realized how well Danny Boyle was the original and how much this film influenced the 28 Weeks Later <br /> <br /> He can not help seeing how many franchises this type of Italian horror film. I was absolutely convinced that the ZOMBI 3 had to be manufactured at the latest in 1980 or 1981 - in that case, I would call a summary 28 years later (Geddit?) - but it was not until I came to this page to find that it was released in 1988. All production values ​​shout that it's a low budget that has been showing since the beginning of this decade. I could enjoy this film as a fifteen-year-old schoolboy in 1982, just like my peers, but not now. <br /> <br /> Most of the problem lies in the lack of internal continuity. For example, some zombies mix with the speed of the snail, while others can run very fast and have self-confidence, leading to an absurd end scene that includes a DJ. Likewise, some may be killed by kicking in the face, while others remain alive, even if their head is cut off, wait until you see the refrigerator scene, you might be laughing. Even serious figures suffer from this kind of concealed hidden scripts, where suddenly it is discovered that there is a helicopter pilot that leads me to the question of why the army used it to drive jeeps for a career. <br /> <br /> It is obvious, I recalled the older film THE CRAZIES, which reminded me of the later 28 films. A bunch of terrorists penetrate the science base that leads to a variety of disasters, with soldiers being bad people trying to kill both infected and survivors, and long before the end, you should work that basically everyone dies. The problem is that you will immediately remind yourself of how the British franchise has done much better on a larger budget. Not only that but the 28 franchise will appeal to the mind audience who may have little interest in the average horror film. ZOMBI 3 will appeal to anyone other than a hard-hitting public
