Name: Zombie 3 (1988) Directors: Lucio Fulci, but also Claudio Fragasso and Bruno Mattei Cast: Ottaviano DellAcqua, Massimo Vani, Beatrice Ring, Deran Serafin <br /> Review: > To see this movie and get a good background, I have to start from the beginning. And the beginning of it is really George Romeros Dawn of the Dead. When Dawn appeared in 79, Lucio Fulci decided to make an indirect sequel and called him Zombie 2. The film is one we know is simply Zombie oil. You know the one in which the zombie is fighting the shark! Ok, so after this step (named Zombie 2 in Italy) came out and made a huge cash, the Italians decided, damn it. Allows other zombie flicks! These things are in the dough! Zombie 3 was born. Confused yet? The story about this is really just the rehash of stories we've seen in the many American zombie films we've seen before, the best comparison that comes to mind is the Return of the Living Dead. Let's see ... there is government to do experiments with a certain toxic gas that will turn people into zombies. Canisters are released into the general population and cockroaches! We get a lot of zombies desiring the human body. Lots of people begin to escape from the zombies and end up in an old abandoned hotel. They must fight the zombies to survive. <br /> <br /> There was a lot of trouble shooting this movie. First of all, Lucio Fulci was a beloved gore gore from Italy sick. So he could not finish the movie the way he wanted it. The film was then handed over by two smaller directors, Hell of the Living Dead, and Claudio Fragasso (Zombie 4). They did everything to spice up a movie that was not that good anymore. You see that Fulci himself did not have the heart and soul on this film. He was disillusioned with him. He got the film to the producers and basically said, "Do the damn thing you want!" And God loves them, they did it. And that is why, ladies and gentlemen, we have so dirty zombies with big Fulc, credited as a "director". The main problem is, in my opinion, that it is so futile! There is nothing at all! After the first few minutes when some terrorists steal toxic gas and accidentally release it, the remaining flick is like a lot of empty, soulless characters without any personal development of the zombies. Now in some cases it can be fun if # 1 zombies make up and zombie action is actually good and fun and # 2 is a lot of gore and guts involved. We will not even get here! Well, there are some inspired moments, such as when some eagles get a gas infection and start attacking people. It was great. There is also a scene featuring a flying zombie head (which by the way defies all logic and explanation) and a scene with zombies coming out of the pool of a deserted hotel and reconciliation from the girl's poor girls. But besides ... the rest of the movie just falls on the ass. <br /> <br /> Infinite on endless scenes that do not make a jack to move a no longer existing conspiracy. That was my main glimpse of this film. The sets look unfinished, and the art of art practically does not exist. I hate it when everything looks so damn unfinished! I like my b-movies, but this really went even further! It's closer to the z-level movement when you ask me. Zombie forms? Clean bun. Zombies are all Asian actors (the film was filmed in the Philippines), so you get a lot of Asian zombie seekers. But that's not a big problem because the film was set to the Philippine islands as well. His look of a zombie that really upset! They all died of the same clothes for some reason. And what gives up the zombies makes up a bunch of black makeup (more like smudges) on their faces. One or two zombies had somewhat more complex make-up, but it was still not good enough to make that happen. Her foolishness flashed unnecessarily on her actors face. So this is not only a slow step, but the zombies look like bullshit. These are dead people! Anyway, for those who expect the usual coldness in Fulc, do not expect it here because it's mostly different. And these two participants (Mattei and Fragasso) really did not give their hearts and souls. In fact, when you see bonuses on DVD, you will see that when Fragasso is asked about his memories and his feelings at this turn, he does not even care seriously. You can say he is ashamed and on many occasions he says that "they just have a job and they do it." And that my friends, is the last nail in this movie. There is no love and there is no heart in this movie. That's why you get a half-frantic, dirty zombie movie. <br /> <br /> Only for the complete or the people who want to see or see each zombie movie ever made. Everyone else, do not bother! Rating: 1 out of 5
