In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his Zombi movie. However, due to the earlier import of George Romer, "Dawn of the Dead", which was released for this Italian edition, was transferred to Zombie 2 (which also had a bonus to let the audience think it was the second Romero movie). The sequel to this theme, the second Zombi movie, to be called Zombie 2, was later called Zombie 3. In the UK, the original Zombie film (Zombi 2) was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters." To continue with this theme, the second Zombi (Zombi 3) ​​was called "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for the British edition. (Does this follow?) So if the zombie meat firs is Fulci's dawn, then is his day two dead? While this is just a flippant observation, this story of military blends, helicopters, and fruitful narrative definitely carries a vague thematic similarity. Some of Fulci's European direction is attracted to a movie like this, but acting, dubbing, and an extremely heavy script are absolutely terrible. Its ecological report is so compelled and overvalued that it can no longer be regarded as a subtext, while here (unintentionally) there are merry birds. The combination of this last element with rock MOR 80s is not a good idea. For some reason, I could not stop thinking about apes (qv) all the time I watched it. This is not good. <br /> <br /> While there is nothing to rival divers without topless, shark sharks and eyeballs on the chips, Fulci's misogynistic slopes go to work to clean the hotel in the mirror until it holds blood. In his fannistic prejudice, he sees the manual department as well. Both themes are made up when the face of a woman is grimaced, first by a zombie, then by the fetus of a zombie that develops from the belly of a pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> Productively, this is probably the rise from the Zombie, after five years. (Nine Years in the World Edition). But without the original low key spell it struggles, while Stephan Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninviting. Fabio Frizzi's score was one of the best things about '79. Here zombie attacks are played on what sounded disturbing as Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out for a Hero". In the midst of this bloodshed, we get an unpleasant affectionate interest, and Roger and Kenny, two harsh macho types that do everything with acrobatic urgency and always make it clear. ("We're out of ammunition" on gun shooting is a special standout). But where it also falls, it's in the zombies themselves. Low key or not, Fulci's original had a truly spectacular, rotten zombie. The face of the skull, the worms in the eye sockets ... really was something to be seen. On the other hand, this dull after-choice favors traditional "men with a little color on their faces". <br /> <br /> The climax turns off too many Romero movies to make it even fun, while using DJs is a confusing and inexpensive narrative device. It does not contain the same elements of outrage and unreasonable nudity of the first, it is unlikely that it would have the same appeal. It turned out that Fulci had really set off on the project after allegedly driving only fifteen minutes, the rest filming Bruno Mattei. I'm pretty sure that even Fulcci would have avoided the absurd scene of "flying zombie heads," so he would have the director think he had a good sense to leave. Sadly, however, it's his name, which is above the name of the movie for the release, so most people will have the impression that it's the movie Fulci over and over. On this scale, it is a big obstacle for him, because this film has committed what Fulci considers to be the worst crime of all: that he is boring.
