This movie was recently released on DVD in the US and I finally got a chance to see this hard to find a gem. It even came with original theatrical previews of other Italian horror classics like "SPASMO" and "BEYOND THE TARKNESS". Unfortunately, thumbnails were the best thing about this movie. "ZOMBI 3" is bizarrely connected with the infamous Franciscan Lucio Fulci "ZOMBIE", which began in 1979. Similarly to "ZOMBIE," "ZOMBI 3" consists of a conspiratorial plot and a handful of extremely bad actors who keep this horrible waste hardly on the surface. Gore is almost non-existent (unless one is scared by people running on their faces with a green moss) and English dubbing is a slit under embarrassment. This time, it's a kind of hidden military operation with a lot of foolish scientists (an idiot man and his stupid female side kick) who develop some chemistry called "Death One," which should animate the dead again. Until my ears have to be checked, I do not even remember REASON for "Death One" research. It seems that EXIST only causes confusion for the poor souls who made the mistake of choosing to "play" in this laugh of film. Anyway, "Death One" is experimenting on a corpse (whom I swear I was like Yul Brynner) and after being injected into her system, she sits upright and his head explodes! Sound effects are also quite funny - like corpse faces of bubbles with green slips, the sound of "paper crumpling" to be heard. Toxin "Death One" is transported outdoors and is "picked up" by a group of thieves in which a person is thrown away, but he himself infects himself after infection of the vial. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, the guy turns into a zombie, but not before he makes his early escape to the cheap motel, infects the low porter and kills the maid by pushing his face into the bathroom mirror (!). Military rescue wind and take immediate action to "remove" anyone who has the misfortune of being in the "pollution zone" and turns the motel horetku. They find an infected thief and burn his body, only to smoke the cattle of birds that fly over the chimney (!). We stopped in a group of people on holiday from the army, listening to "groovy music," based on a tricky boom-boxing trap of pregnant girls who are leaning out of the windows and revealing their chests. Can anyone call "zombie food"? We also have a partial conspiracy involving a girl and her boyfriend driving a car that stops a tour of a group of birds lying on the road ... the same birds who were infected with smoke "zombie"! <br /> <br /> Birds attack a friend and the girl is leaving for a deserted petrol station to search for water. This is one of the most incredible moments of the movie. He walks through the old dirty, rusty and apparently abandoned building, where he continues to ask aloud: "HELLO, I AM THAT YOU ARE, I NEED WATER!" It meets a group of zombies, one of which is attached to the wall (!) And the other is a swirling machete. After a little disturbing and trembling on the ground he escapes, but not before he throws a petrol station with his lighter. Meanwhile, the birds are attacking the outboard load of the girls and one girl gets knocked and infected. They all go to the same motel where the original infection took place, and that's where the second most funny moment of the movie takes place. After a few hours (one day at the most) the same motel is dirty in dust, growing grapevine and seems to have been sitting for years. Anyway, what better place to take refuge than this particular building? Needless to say, the group is starting to break, because several people go together to get stuck in an incredibly silly situation with a zombie attack. The third most intense moment concerns a man and a woman who are exploring the abandoned village that the woman commented: "THIS PLACE IS DUMP!" She then continues to get pushed out of the zombie balcony into the pirahna (?) Smashed water where she has her legs bitten and turns into a zombie within seconds! Meanwhile, her boyfriend back to the motel who had been cuddled and infected with HOURS before, is getting stuck in a zombie! Unfortunately, there are too many inconsistencies in this movie, which makes this movie just stupid for words. For example, the time rate for infected persons who are "zombieted" varies greatly. Sometimes it takes a few seconds, sometimes it takes several hours. Some zombies run, others pull their legs and walk very slowly. Some even make kung-fu moves, while others hide under stacks of hay to surprise people. Some zombies even talk! The most entertaining moment is, of course, the infamous "zombie head in the fridge" that "rises" itself in the air and "attacks" a silly man looking for food. Even funny is that his girlfriend pulls his throat out of his "headless" contradictions (LMAO!). But the biggest disappointment for me was the lack of story lines involving people who are actually killed by zombies. We never see them returning like zombies, in fact they are the only ones we see as "zombified," those buried by birds, and one girl who bites her legs. Besides, at least I expected the couple who were killed in the kitchen and / or the guy who had been killed on the bridge had returned as a zombie. It is also amazing that these zombies suffer only a few "bites" and then move to another victim. <br /> <br /> The most ridiculous moment of course was the fetus of the zombies. The pregnant woman who was infected lies on the hospital bed. A woman who seems to have a lot of "medical knowledge" is trying to deliver a baby (!) And his face is dragged out of the zombie before her head pushes her into the female stomach where her hand explodes and continues to tear the rest of her face away. Timeless! <br /> <br /> As usual, all characters are the perfect stereotypes of this genre. Megaloman military officer, miserable bitchy women crying for killing, obvious figures they are about to kill (that is, chasing chickens!) I think this movie is really a comedy. There were many mixing scenes, such as a shed that was thrown out by a hand grenade (of course the scene where the entire budget was spent) and the climatic scene where one shouts, "I am THIRD ... THIRD FOR YOUR BREED!". Costumes are really bad - the same zombies appear throughout the movie, wearing the same "Asian" garment that can be found in Bruce Lee's movie and watch out for the 60's skirt, the girl in the motel is wearing when he meets a friend with the infected man. The end of the film leaves the door open as usual for an apocalyptic story. The radio DJ, who tells the whole movie, turns out to be the zombie himself and warns the listener about the "end of the end" while the two survivors start in the helicopter. If you ask me, you will not have the material "DAWN OF THE DEAD". <br /> <br /> No matter what the film brings a lot of laughter. Gore is minimal, and what is there is very unconvincing, let alone non-imaginative. The usual mixture of black blood, a thick green curl that emanates from crying and zombie make-up consists of a green moss. "ZOMBI 3" provides a good price for sleep or night of beer and popcorn. Besides, fans of horror should stay away. <br /> <br /> 3 of 10
