Zombi 3 begins as a group of heavily armed men steals experimental chemicals developed to reanimate the dead, while attempting to escape the men shot at a metal container in which the chemical is broken. The man receives a green chemical on the wound on his hands, which soon turns him into meat eating cannibalistic zombies. Within a few hours, he surrounds the surrounding countryside with intact meat on Kenny (Deran Sarafian), and his army friends find themselves in great trouble when they stop helping Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and her girlfriend Lia (Deborah Bergammi) who was busy birds of the zombies (!). General Morton is responsible for the situation and must stop the spread of zombies from around the world! But he and his men succeed? This Italian produced film was to direct the Italian zombie gore film auteur Lucio Fulci, but the story suffered a stroke and hence could not finish the film so producer Franco Gaudenzi asked the second director Bruno Matthea and writer Claude Fragas a step forward and finishing the film. It looks like Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish, but they actually ignored Fulci's many shots and shot many of them, and Zombie 3 ended up almost like 50/50. The Fragasso script is an absolute mess, none of that is well thought out, and it's just as stupid as it gets. The scenes of the zombie birds that attack humans are not only technically inappropriate, but the whole idea is simply absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency, look at the scene where Patricia is on the bridge and the zombies are slow when they mix, but then look at the scene before the zombies with the machete attack it because it is running like steroids, then for no reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the completion of the zombie movie suddenly develop the ability to speak which also looks totally. There are a lot of things in Zombie 3, the scene behind the scene of a terribly thought-out and inappropriately directed intervention, a terrible character and a really blunt broken English dialogue that makes no sense in half the time. Then there is a tricky scene where the zombies in the refrigerator suddenly develop the ability to fly through the air and bite someone with a neck, the scene where the guy is in contrast to the white contamination at the end, preparing Kenny and Roger to kill, but instead of using automatic rifles they decide to try and kill them manually, even though Kenny raises the gun alone they still refuse to use the rifles and when Kenny starts shooting them all they still refuse to use their rifles and it's one of the most awkwardly crafted scenes ever made in the movie and then it's over when Kenny he takes off in a helicopter, but can not rest on the ground, literally a few seconds to pick his friend and then the zombies suddenly emerge from beneath the ovens of grass, huh? Since when did the zombies hide themselves under the piles of grass? It all sounds like "fun," but believe me it's not, it's really a bad movie, just boring, repetitive, and just does not work at any level as fun except a few unintentional laughs. <br /> It's hard to know who is responsible for what exactly, but none of the shots are particularly well shot. It's a fearless feeling about it and for some reason the creators were trying to enchant each scene in the fog, the problem is that they have only one foggy machine and you can see that in one corner of the screen the fog is much stronger it goes straight out of the machine and thinning as it scatters across the scene. Since much of it is set during the day it will not add any kind of atmosphere at all, and if they do it properly and the fog is evenly scattered across the screen it just looks like they fired the scene on a foggy day! Direction is bad, unconsistent, and just looks and feels the lower part of the barrel. Even blood and bleeding are not too much, at first there is a bleeding hand, the scene when something from the stomach pulls out, a woman without a leg (what actually took her feet in the pool by the way, why did not her legs make of that guy who jumped, to save her?) and a few OK looks like a zombie is as cruel as it gets. For anyone who hopes to see a gore fest that Fulci would regularly serve in the late 70s and 80s, he will be very disappointed, there are no decent feeds, no guts, no "gore" heads at all. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is bad, the special effects are cheap, the cinema is boring, the music is terrible, the places are insignificant, and the rock bottom production value. It was actually shot in the Philippines to keep costs down to a minimum. The whole movie is apparently nicknamed, acting still looks terrible and although the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language so well. Zombi 3 is not a sequel to Fulci's classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979), it has nothing to do with it except the title in cash. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is the amateur mess of the movie, it's boredom, it makes no sense, it's not fun enough to be fun and lacking a decent gore. One to avoid.
