Where should I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie and me. Still, I wanted to enjoy it for being another zombie movie that had become my prey, and it was not. It was another kind of joy. It was an unhealthy, perverse joy that I looked at watching one of the most adventurous movies I've ever seen. And I'm not really interested in what Fulci's excuses are, there was no excuse for this movie to go. It was a bad movie all the time, yet I still can not put under 4 out of ten, which is what I gave it because well ... at least I could laugh at this disorderly movie. br /> <br /> I had to imagine these zombies that were all over the ceiling of these buildings ... they had to imagine that they were either bored so hell, so they crawled on the curves and sat high stone erections or saw , as the stone cat comes near, so they took a series of aviation seizures. Hell, what am I supposed to do when you're dead? I had to laugh when some zombies performed what looked like martial arts swings, kicks and jumps, and some quarreled as traditional masons. I threw my eyes on a floating head she had never explained. I saw in a terrible delight that the country in which they were, the Philippi, was completely overwhelmed by fog, heavy fogs, and that the ponds were just like the chateau trenches. I even had to go crazy when I saw that the proposal to cure this epidemic was drawn on the blackboard as an octagon with lines drawn from each angle, with the "dead" written in the middle. I had to ask myself ... if the science of zombie healing is so easy, then I wonder if I could come up with a bit of something that would trigger the zombie outbreak here! Everything in all effects was overboard, dubbing terrible, I'm sure the original behave like a poor, the story absurd, the zombies inconsistent, even in the wrong way they all were alike, and the women ugly but I found myself enjoying this thing. It was fun watching. It turned out to be a very bad film, and I would recommend this thing if one did not get into bad directorial films, but I keep saying ... it was good to laugh. I long for the zombies no matter what happened, but if it had Fulci's name, it should be much better. Allow me to say that the zombie holocaust is better.
