Although it is likely that someone who focuses on this film among the other 80 years is small, I feel I have to say something about it. I am not such a film observer who focuses on production value, thought-provoking dialogue, or brilliant acting and directing. He claims, however, that this film is upset. I do not know why I do not like it ... I think it has almost everything I want from a horror film: blood, resistance, unintentional humor, etc. According to that evidence, it should be my favorite. Yet Zombi 3 is a Baaad movie. <br /> <br /> There are just too many things to do on the screen. Just as the girl leaves a military guy when the car breaks down to find water (it does not ruin anything, so do not worry). It goes into what I consider to be an abandoned hotel or something. Did she not see a wet lake in the middle of the building? Yes, he searches for water and passes the lake. Why? Cuz wants to know why people (who are not there because the place is abandoned) will not answer her when she calls, "Is there anyone?" Oh, that's just a small, insignificant piece of big picture I painted. But there is a reason I gave more than one star to this movie. It's one of those movies, if you forget how bad it is, as if you have several times, you want to watch again because it's just so overlapping in every aspect. In the first paragraph I called him blood, but this film has no blood, the ocean gore. It also has a pretty nice creature: a zombie-child (with adult hands) and a magically flying head that is just two. <br /> <br /> Do you know when you try to think about the worst and rarest movies you've ever shot and you've come up with 50 science fiction movies? I believe Zombie 3 and movies, as if they should top you. It has all the elements: scientists who quarrel with the government, warning about apocalypse in radio, monsters fighting armies, and so on. This is Plan 9 of the 1980s! While I will not say it's a waste of money if you want to buy it, expect only the worst. And when you find that waiting for the worst is the understatement of Zombi 3, it will not be so bad. Maybe you like it, I'm not saying it's impossible. Do not think I hate this movie, really ... no. Oh, P.S. Killing Birds (aka Zombie 5) rules! (I just threw my credibility?)
