I am a fan of Lucio Fulci and yet I have to say that "Zombi 3" (1988), which he made along with two other directors Bruno Mattei and Claudio Fragas, was disappointing. Especially in comparison with his great predecessor, Fulci owns the Gore classic "Zombie 2" (aka "Zombie Felsh Eaters" / "Zombie") from 1979, it is very disappointing. Sure, a low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it's not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from people who are not on Italian zombie films and as a fan of Italian horror movies and low-budget Exploitation cinema, I love many movies that were rewarded with much lower ratings. Also, many of my fellow Italians in horror seem to think this film is underestimated, unfortunately I can not agree with. Not that the film was a complete disaster. She has some redeemed features, especially Fulci's infected gore effects, which are always pleased to watch the Italian Horror / Gore buff. The basic idea of ​​the film is also not bad (though far from the original) and I did not like the ruthless depiction of the army. It's sad, that's about it. While the great predecessor of "Zombie 2" was extremely cruel, but it was really scary, it was not a spooky or spooky glimpse, and the furious and often grotesque gore is the only real reason to watch "Zombie 3". The movie is sometimes fun, but only for gore and an unintentional comedy. I think it was mainly the gore that came from Fulci and the disappointment of the rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of them was involved in a pile of ugly cultivated films (such as the "Porn Holocaust"), and the other is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, the god-terrible "Troll 2". Overall, it's obvious for the gore, but it's definitely the worst of all Fulv's films I've seen so far, and I've seen most of this repertoire of this great filmmaker. I'm a Fulci fan and I will always be, but this is not his magic moment. It may be fun for the gore, but before I recommend watching any other Fulci movie!
