I can not remain indifferent to the films Lars van Trier. I consider Breaking the Waves as a masterpiece. I loved Dancer at night. I admired the idea in "Dogville," but the overall exercise seemed too dry and too theatrical, less cinematic. "Europe," which I see only then, was a famous film at that time, succeeded in the United States with the relative success of European film, and won the Oscar for the best foreign language film, but did not, in my opinion, survive. It's also a very explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art according to my taste. The story has a certain ambiguity that the viewer can not escape. Dealing with the period immediately following the Second World War, not in the black and white colors of winners and winners, executives and victims, but as a bit ambiguous when the people of both sides struggled to survive as a result of a catastrophic event, the lives of peoples and individuals forever a source of disputes even today, more of them were new and courageous two decades ago. Yet it is a way of expression that does not really seem appropriate for this task. The film seems to contain a bunch of quotations coming directly from Hitchcock movies, especially its early films - the war of Europe, with brave British spies who fought bad German spies on trains that crossed the continent in the dark at high speed. Trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with its intensity and drama. Here, the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparks of Germany's renaissance after the war, its strength, obsession with order and regulation, precision and respect. The characters that dwell on the train are far from being good or bad guys classic spy stories. The main figure, a young American of German origin who comes to postwar Europe, willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation, finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with the liberators looking more like oppressing people, their destiny but rather willing to continue on their journey self-destruction, with love dubiously mixed with treachery. Still this classic film treatment, which in this case betrays the director. The activity of the characters, especially Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr, seems confused and lacking credibility. Overall cinematography does not seem to be like Hitchcock, but rather because of the poor imitation of Hitchcock in the late 1930s. The use of color for black and white film in most cases at moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. It's not like Van Trier can not handle his artistic means, but he's too demonstrative, he seems to be trying too hard to show what a great filmmaker is. He is really great as he appears in some of his later films, but he lets the audience decide.
