... but I expected Caroline Munro better. She did some good movies and I hoped it would be just as good. in fact she and this other blond girl figure (the girl who got the electric current, I think) was the only one of the 8-11 actors who could act. this movie has the worst acting I've ever seen. almost as bad as "Psycho" (1998). the really stupid part was when the woman was in the shower and the marty remembered it to pour acid from the battery. she starts screaming and her scream is probably the most annoying sound all over the world. she's trying to get out but "accidentally" falls in. I admit that violence and story is good along with Harry Manfredini's music, but acting could be much better. there were two other characters, frank and joe. I do not know about you, but they wore a strange resemblance to the akyroyd. Also, when you find out that the woman is in a cooked shell, you think they will scream and prosecute. No. Caroline Munro and the Blonde are the only ones who react. Frank and Joe barely show signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw the fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would crash. Also, when Joe starts saying things like "what happened to Marty was an accident, it was not our fault." he says he's like his nervous or afraid, but he hardly shows any expressions on his face. then the blonde begins to cry and says, "I'm really scared!" and catch Joe. I think the actress really did not know who the kid is. the end of the movie is the most confused thing I've ever seen. more confusing than the culmination of "jaws: revenge". all eight friends end up dead, marty kills them, but then you see something that seems to be persecuted by their corrupt corpses, and then it just stops the marty in the hospital from the accident, and then when the film ends, marty dresses like a sister trying to reassure him, but then we can see that Martha gets into his clothes or something like that kills the doctor and the film ends with the marsh peeling of the skin from his face. which leads me to this other question. WHAT DOES YOU ENTER YOU WHEN HE HAS BEEN COMPLETED? did he really expect people to understand what the hell happened? the end was so disturbed by me. were the characters still alive? is the marty still holding a grudge? did the events we just saw, even or not at all? I do not know. overall this movie was pretty stupid. the music was fine, the story was pretty decent (except for the end). basically, it's just one of your average eighty-year slashers. seeing it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the release of the film for intentional drug abuse. I think he was the only person who knew that this movie was what it really was. TROUBLE PIECE
