The film opens with a retrospection at Doddsville County High School in April's crazy day. A group of students plays a prank on the class of Nerd Marty. When they are punished for jokes, they continue with a bigger joker who, like the Slasher films that contain jokes about class assholes, goes absurdly because Marty burned the fire at the same time and defaced the acid for thoroughness. Five years ahead, where we find members of the student corps who gathered at a now abandoned high school for their five-year rally. We found out that it was no coincidence that everyone at the meeting was a jerk of a joke from a retrospective scene because all participants were prosecuted and killed by a mysterious murderer dressed in a mask that is increasingly complicated and uncertain in absurd fashion. Sherlock Holmes does not require to solve the identity of the assassin, because it turned out that there is no one else but scarred Marty, who apparently used his anger and high intellect to bend the laws of physics and engineering to put his school in his revenge scenario. The film turns bizarre as Marty finishes earning his vengeance on his former martyrs, just to haunted them ghosts. Marty is finally pushed across the edge and takes his own life. Finally, the film explodes in growing bloom because the whole revenge scenario appears to be a dream in the first place when Marty wakes up on a hospital bed, freeing himself from his limitations, ruining his nurse and finally destroying his own face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a terminal case of horror logic. The only original comes from mind-insensely complicated ways the victim is being sent. The absurd feeling, which was after all, feels bound. It's almost as if someone pointed out the incoherent nature of the film and the writer decided there and then it was a dream. Technically, the movie is cruel. Some scenes were shot so dark that I had to stop the movie and play the color on my TV. Act is a subgroup, even for straw films. I can not help, but I think casting is part of the problem, because all actors look at least five years older than the characters they are portraying, making the scene of the memories still inadvertently ridiculous. Their lack of commitment to the film is obvious, because half of them can not bother to keep their accents straight through the film. <br /> <br /> All this was said, if you love bad horror movies, you can like this one. It's not the worst film genre, but it's far from the best.
