What did Domino hate over all, and I think everything else? Maybe it was the whole celebration of being a hunter of rewards; perhaps sexism was masked as involvement and an interesting study of the hard body of a female lead character; perhaps it was a mere view of the film with its bizarre yellow glow and distorted blue shades, or a way in which an actress plays Lucy Lui; who deserves much better than this waste; and is supposed to sit there in one place in the room, the light can not directly come up with this stupid look on her face. Maybe it's editing; that horrible rapid editing fire and the way the lines of dialogue are echoed as they are told by people like Kiera Knightly who, if you buy a reward hunter, then you will probably be able to believe that you believe the world will end in 2012. <br /> <br /> No one comes from home with any credibility, absolutely no one. It's a painful and misleading experience, inspired by things like Natural Born Killers, and leave free ideas to an audience that does not even exist for them. The main question is: "Was the Domino a comedy?" what with his cheerful bad leadership tells some lines that desperately want us to think he meets "heavy", but really reminds more arrogant fifteen-year-old girl on her first day in public school and tries to impress his peers. There are things you do not really know about how to respond, whether it's fun or not. If it's a comedy, it's a question: "Is the life of a reward hunter really one that's worth exploiting for laughter?" I do not think so. The movie opens with the title card "Based on a real story ........ something". If it is to be a postmodern technique that will enable director Tony Scott to bend and manipulate the story of Domino Harvey for his unique purpose then you are simply on another planet. The truth is that in one introductory quote the film identifies the subject and the original text before it kicks out and says "somehow" that I think should let them do Domino older than they should be, and they will appear on Jerry Springer . We then learn that Domino has a relationship with his father who died in the movie when he was ten or something; here is the first use of the "kind" policeman as in real life she was only four. But if the film went after the reality, then all its drive would be born of the death of its golden fish. <br /> <br /> Then we started out with Ed Mosbey (Rourke); Domino (Knightley) himself and would like to be a loving interest Choco (Ramirez). During the scene, the American mother is attached to shooting in her own caravan on the back of her face when she asks for her son's life to be spared. What a truly misleading opening; they represent their three stories as ugly people who crash into trailers, firing weapons at innocents we do not know about, and we are approaching the shooting of their dogs. <br /> <br /> Instant feeling has a hatred of the three leads, a feeling of "No, why are you doing this, why is this happening?" The film is painful and attentive, as these three pots pass through a piece complete with supportive performances from actors known for playing characters in Beverly Hills 90210. Here is another tiny postmodernist slope, people are playing and the "kind" of the Joker card is playing again Christopher Walken even appears in the really silly role that appears when shooting the character of Robert Downey Jr. <br /> <br /> So, as the film spills and Domino is cast into the gang Ed and Choco, purely for her good looks I could add that it appears in the middle of a conspiracy associated with a fake registration of I.Ds or something such that Choco and Domino can have mutual feelings. The problem is that every artist does such a bad job in their nature, there is no chemistry and no sense between the two, the film is not a loving story, so why bothering this road first? do anyone care about these two characters in the middle of all the quick fixes and the things that explode? If there is any "feeling" between Choco and Domino, there is such a small, tiny, minimalist scale that you have to ask why it is even included. <br /> <br /> So the film felt the need for a handle of the story into a narrative. We will find the reason for the false IDs that are associated with someone else and the guy talking about the cell phone in the sound bubble. The bubble I can handle, but how does it get into the phone under water and the bubble in the first place without getting flooded? Does he have to swim very fast? twice the film shift rate, meaning something in the .01 second range. Yes, sure. The story of the movie becomes too complicated and simply arbitrary before resorting to a truly stupid climax in which more things explode. In addition, there is a really dirty scene in common with a wall chart full of new ethnic elements, and the movie comedy runs so dry that they have to resort to "Jerry, Jerry!" singing while people are on the popular American talk show. When did we last laugh "Jerry! Jerry!"? when we were, say, seven years? I came away, felt a sad and depressing attitude to such a film existence.
