I do not know if these issues with movies are more guilty of Direction or Script. As you will see in many reviews, the style of editing is exaggerated. It's totally disruptive and without a cloth, which could be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the movie. I will not write many reviews here, but I felt that this movie was so terrible that it deserves comment. Films like this erode when creating a film as an art form. Movies like this show more and more clearly that the current focus of reality in the cinema reveals the quality of the character behind them. The people were expanding the craft, there were 5 senses, and there business sense - overlooking their own inner life there. However, I do not blame for them, it is still the most unfortunate state of this age, which features movies like this one. But through the representatives of these manufacturers I would not dare to call Artists to vomit there a lack of inner life or watch the screen - to distract everyone. The story of hunters of rewards, weapons and weapons, heavy sex transmission - for a fire so popular actress (they wrote a dance scene after they signed it?), Over saturated, exaggerated, linear charts. All different and yet the same. Unpleasant stunning music that pushes the emotions on the throat. Story? character development? or simply arrested, missing information that was eventually revealed to create the * story * effect - as if it had occurred. Overall, he lacks nothing of a subtle form of subtlety. It's a cartoon of stereotypes and genres. Where are the movies aware? And what kind of sound and music that you do not even know is there? And what about the depth of appearance? And what about editing with a point about mind and consciousness? yes even in action movies it can happen. Sure they chased the craft; but what is it without soul or wisdom? insight into the human condition? Could the people who commented and say that this is the culmination of art, or compare it to Picasso and the others - I will say it next to Gandhi or Godfather, even the original trilogy of star wars or Lord of the Circles; then look into your face and say it again. It's a good crew, but they need help with depth and story. I hope they get it because I like the crew of my previous work. Better luck next time.
