My roommate rented the movie the other night, so we've seen it together. The first impression is really positive because the whole movie is filmed in this colorful, grainy, post-MTV texture. Fast sequences, cool angles, sweeping the camera moves - for a moment there you feel as if you look at another "snatch" for a moment .... When the plot actually begins to develop, feeling as if it is an overdose of amphetamine. things just do not make sense. I do not want to hate to spoil it by looking at it with certain scenes, but the film is so bad that you're really better than you can not see. At first, you think it's a crime story told in an interview between Keire Knightley and Lucy Liu. POORLY. This conversation does not provide any coherent narrative. Rather, the domino lesbian to come to the character of Lucy Liu during the second part of the film just throws the audience into another turmoil. Then I thought maybe it was a film about a girl from a rich but dysfunctional background that had become a heavy reward hunter. In any case, it is a message that conveys the introductory scenes. But after that, the question of Domin's character is completely lost from the criminal plot. So, in short, NO it is not a movie about the character of the Domino. <br /> <br /> Then I thought it was probably the story of one robbery. Nice bloody robbery. 10 million disappeared, reward hunters hunt around suspected robbers, execute mobsters, hands removed, Domino attempts to break, why not get any rewards this time, etc. But soon that impression scattered about another turn of a fence. <br /> <br /> This time we are confronted with the sad story of an obese African-American woman who falsifies a driving license at a local MVD, and at age 28 becomes the youngest grandmother. Lateesha stars at Jerry Springer show, trying to publish some new, insane racial theory while trying to find money for her sick granddaughter. What does it have to do with the main conspiracy? URgh, well, no one knows. Apart from the fact that the director had to explain to the audience where 300,000 collectors will pay the talents. <br /> <br /> Then, at a certain moment, he begins to think, "Oh, it's about our society and the way the media misrepresent things." There is a real-life TV crew that hooks with hunters of rewards and makes some violent shots. The reward hunters are also stuck with a bunch of Hollywood actors who just laugh at the broken nostrils and they're running around too many criminal scenes. But NO, this is not a movie about the media, they appear only sporadically throughout the movie. In addition, there are many other parts: a crazy Afghan guy who tried to free Afghanistan, a love story between Domino and Chocco, an episode of mescaline, an FBI operation ... <br /> <br /> Can all of the above things be packed in 2 hours of film? Decide for yourself, but my conclusion is clear - it's a real mess!
