We were given - a terrible movie. Okay, I admit that because I'm white and I have no practical experience with the "competitive world of step-dance," I might be the author of this type of film. On the other hand, I know when I see it, I know a bad movie. And boy, I just saw it. Filmed in a low-budget vision, director Ian Iqubal Rashid, "How Move," tells the story of how important it is to watch his dreams - although these dreams include loud, irritating hip-hop and spoken dialogue, one did not understand if he had an international translator. I will try to give a small summary of the "plot". First of all, there are two actors who look like LL Cool J, who work at a car repair shop in Toronto (Mecca Race Diversity), but they still have time to practice dancing eight hours a day. <br /> <br /> There are a few more guys in this "crew", including the white dude token and the guy who looks like Denzel Washington in "Malcolm X." There are also two women in the movie - one resembles Serena Williams and the other looks like Geraldine from the old "Flip Wilson show." One of these ladies was dropped out of a private school because her parents spent all their tutoring on a drug-dependent sibling. The other girl, member of Salt N Pepa, is undoubtedly just fine. There's one more man who looks like Eddie Murphy's buzz while he's another Huggy Bear actor knocked out. These guys are competing raving dancers. Obviously, this activity is very heavy in the "hood" and everyone is practicing for a spectacular dump in Detroit. Because I could not understand 90 percent of the dialogue (perhaps some subtitles would be useful, as in the Bergman movie or in one Snow video), it is difficult to explain what is going on, except for what they are fighting, the girl Serena Williams by the way, never smiles) becomes a freelancer (moving from group to group), there is some step-dance and lots of irritating hip-hop music. It's a typical story about rags to wealth; like "Rocky" with a really bad soundtrack, "Rudy" with annoying rap music in the background, "Cry Freedom" without laughter. <br /> <br /> But why a movie that could have a big impact on a black audience must include drug addiction, bad parents and a first-grader title that says the phrase: "How does she move"? <br /> <br /> I was "moved" by this movie. Move the theater as quickly as possible.
