It was another obscure title of Christmas, a low-rise Mexican production by exploiting filmmaker Cardon (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES (1969), TINTORERA !, as much of the genre's effort from that country, was obtained for release in the US by K. Gordon Murray. Cardona was not a visionary, and the one who already got his share of flakes is certainly not better! The film is actually quite upset by the curiosity that characterized the Mexican horror excursions of the time, but because it is an added dimension thanks to the gorgeous color, the devil plays an important role throughout the process, was vital). Anyway, in short, the conspiracy involves Satan's efforts to stop Santa Claus's Christmas meeting with the children of the Earth; there is a lot more on the way: First, our crazy and charming charming red man lives in our heavenly palace, which, in addition to accompanying children from all over the world, his piano as they sang (for the first full reel!) in their native language, Merlin visits ? the famous magician in the court of King Arthur, here incomprehensibly, but funly prone to kid's jumping and murmuring! ??? once a year to acquire potions that will make the young drowsy and invisible (by the way, the witch's anachronistic presence is no less likely than his cohort Dr. Frankenstein in SON OF DRAKULA [1974] !!); by the way, until this time, he always seems to have gained some extra weight, so Santa must work to fit into every proverbial chimney! Devil's anger (enthusiastically wiping hands with every step, and turning them in general) to keep the delivery program of St. Nikla, they are perfectly crazy: their tit-for-tat shenanigans reminds the old Laurel & Hardy routine more than anything else! In order to clear the run, we focus on three sets of children: one, the lonely son of a wealthy couple who, for Christmas, no more than their company (projected as a fantasy fulfilling the wish of a boy finding his parents packed in extra big packages!), A poor family girl who wants to own their own doll (horned first attempts to steal one, then invades small dreams without success) and a trio of sprats who, again raised by Satan, think of nothing but cause a mess and eventually fall between themselves. There is certainly fantasy at work here, but it is applied with little rhyme or reason, while the overall youthful approach keeps the fun (if one counts the movie as a guilty pleasure) well in the bay!
