This movie Santa begins strangely and I think Santa can be pedo. Instead of the original elf producers, Santa apparently kidnapped children from all over the world and sang them a bit like characters from "It's a small world"! I think there are no laws on child labor on the strange astral plane on which he lives (this is probably NO North Pole and not on Earth)! None of these children appear to be very happy, and I still wanted to see that the Commanders broke and rescued the poles, although I think that for some third-world children these working conditions may be an improvement over local candies. I hope everything they do is sing and make toys. Then the scene suddenly changes into hell, where a lot of demons dance about like in the Busby Berkeley musical. This fun stopped Satan, who ordered one of them, Pitch, to go to Earth to destroy Christmas! Personally, I thought this movie had already done! The Devil and his fools are actually a little cute - like Hot Stuff from Harvey Comics, but with cold evil goats! Or if you are Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a nipple! <br /> <br /> A poor Mexican boy named Lupita, a group of cracked kids who want to make Santa and some rich child, are a key battlefield for the Devil and Santa! So if the prince of darkness (not Donald Trump, another prince of darkness) can somehow steal it and it will be bad to win - what, we do not know! In fact, when rooted, you have the impression that movie makers intend to be Santa Jesus - because he has all these great powers and fights with the Devil over the soul of the children! Later Santa meets his friend Merlin. He asks him to create a special powder that makes people dream beautiful dreams. Considering how much Santa laughs in the movie (like a demented chipmunk), I suppose I have to take a lot of this drug! He will immediately see the blacksmith who makes him a magic key that opens ALL doors. Because they hold children as their personal "assistant", this magical thing is very disturbing to me! During Santa's Christmas, you see that Lupita behaves like a little angel - one problem down. Santa then takes the time to take care of a rich child whose parents are selfish. It gives them a crazy cocktail that magically solves their problems - two problems solved. This is a rare case when alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! As for small muggers, he gives them coal! Damaged with his losses on Santa, Pitch then attempts to steal a sleigh (which is dragged by a haunting animatronic deer). When this fails, Santa will destroy the "magical powder" missile! As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and get into the stomach. Uh, oh ... how can Santa take a detour to Betty Ford's clinic if a tree is over? St. Will Nick get out of the tree and get a monkey from his back or win the devils? If it matters to you, tune in and see. Please note that the movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is dirty. While it's in color, it's really gaudy. Music is mostly performed on an organ - which, along with bad singing from children, produces the worst possible soundtrack I've heard in recent memory. And the story is simply incomprehensible and very, very, very scary. Devils and Santa, who kidnapped the kids, are simply creeping. It's a movie you MUST NEVER show kids, but it makes a great movie to watch with your friends so you can laugh from start to finish!
