It must be the most beautiful, most twisted recreational film that I sometimes clapped my eyes, and that says something. I know that the Mexican people have some strange thoughts about religion, mixing old Aztec beliefs with traditional Christian theology. But their day of death is not half as terrifying as taking them to Santa Claus. So .. Santa is not some cheerful, fat red alcoholic (look at those pink faces Some time!). Rather, it's a weak sociopathic pedophile living in the sky (or heaven, whichever comes), with a group of kids who work harder than Kathy Lee Gifford sweat shops. They are singing the enormously cute traditional songs of their homes when they wear the clothes so stereotypical that I was surprised that there was not a small African-American boy on a black face singing "Mammy." This Santa is a perverse Peeping Tom who watches and listens to everything that everyone does from "the eye in the sky". It's like he can say who is naughty or kind (with the emphasis on those who are angry, I bet). There is no lady Claus, no elves (what the elves need for when they have a child's work?) And sobs are mechanical toys! This floating excited show floats on a cloud, probably held by silver. <br /> <br /> Santa is a nemesis ... a devil ?! What is it, Santa our Lord and Savior? Strange. Anyhoo, Satan will send one of his servants, a mad, crazy devil called Pitch to try to kill Christmas. Allow me to do this straight - the powers of the purest evil are trying to destroy the commercial and greed vacation? It looks like superfluous, is not it? Pitch is totally ineffective. They try to talk some kids that they are bad, but they are not lucky. I was severely hit by the story of holy little girl Lupe, who is a very poor family. Everything he wants is Christmas doll, but parents can not afford to buy it (all their money spent on the cardboard they built the house). So Pitch tries to encourage her to steal the doll. In fact, this is the only way a girl who would ever get a doll a poor doll because she is holy and praying to God and holy Santa does not really work. But Lupe resists temptation and tells Pitch to get you behind, so he's rewarded by getting a doll so scary that you know he's Chuck's sister. On the way Pitch can get Santa stuck in a tree (uh-huh) from where he is rescued by Merlin! Merlin? You have to make fun! Since when do Mythic Druid characters or anything in common with Christian religion appear in Christmas stories? And God does not recognize the spell? Several hundred years ago, Merlin would have burned on the hill and did not ask him to come to the rescue of one of God's aspects (or that's what I suppose must be Santa, going against Satan). This movie is a long HUH? from the beginning to the end, and will think if the egg you drank was not pointed or something like that. Probably it was because this movie is like one long giant DT.
