Whether you are looking at the normal version of this monstrosity or the MST3K version, you can be amazed only by the complete GALL who came into this production. The filmmakers were offended by the spectators from one end to the other, and of course they could not do less to do it. Everything about him is cheap. Even the 1950s in the retrospective sequence until then seems to have been pulled out of the stable. <br /> <br /> "Hobgoblins" are, as you probably know, "made" with badly hand-crafted puppets and teddies; when it is supposed to be attacked, it is clear that the toy is held by the victims in its own body. When cats lean against two security patrols, a camera (or rather not showing) a camera that heads up to the guards appears when they look down and turns their heads as if looking at the hobbobbins that pass by. It reminds of the scene in the movie "Tangents," where two people stand in the ruins of the future world, explore wrecks and we will not even show it. The budget constraints associated with total disability usually mean that you have nothing to show, so why not try it? "Sets" were totally ridiculous. "Club Scum" was an obvious dinner; the house seems to have been an empty house - probably for rent or sale - that the production company received in an hour or two to fire. The "space ship" is something I would be ashamed to build when I was a 10 year old model. Motivation of the characters does not make sense - Kevin is devastated by his worthless ingrate from a girlfriend because he did not make her "proud". I'm sure it was the goal of their reconciliation at the end, but any fellow with real self-confidence would tell her to go to hell and leave her. Nick has reportedly returned from two months of army training (yeah, a nice regulating haircut, Nick,) and seems to be trying to show that our country is preventing a sadistic, sad animal that is a sexual maniac. Kyle is in a red dress in a red short sleeve dress that sleeps with a typical dominatrix dressed in spandex, but she's so feminine she's more likely to be gay than not. One of the girls is prude and the other is dirty. And hobbobliny? Eventually they all return to the vault where they lived for 30 years. Why? Who knows? Who cares? Take a look at this film and forget about how primitive filmmaking in our modern age can be when you have an idiot scenario, an incompetent direction, actors who are so bad that they will be rejected from theatrical production in high school and throw Edward D. Wood, Jr.
