You can not have any questions about the spoilers for this movie, the director beat us all and spoiled this movie in many ways oh. A tremendous snatch of things like Critters and Gremlins, this movie fails on so many levels to regain the humor and horror of the better movies. The result is a bad waste of time when bad actors show poor dialogue with an idiot director who throws stuffed toys sometimes. They play with toys in the same way as old Tarzan's films used to use rubber crocodiles, they shake them while screaming and trying to make it look a little scary. It's painful to watch and does not help it fashion 80th fashion wear cast. Basically, some crazy aliens who were trapped by the aging guard in the movie have finally finally gotten free after they umpteen and start telepathically screwing up the human mind. Guardian novices, an idiot who let go of them despite repeated warnings, gets their gang of 80 friends together and they go away and have little adventures together as they try to capture Grem again ... Hobgoblins. <br /> <br /> The whole life is here, with a gang composed of a junk jocker, his 80s girlfriend, "a hero of a cold and fleeting girlfriend and a young hero who has no confidence and I wish his girlfriend she also released. " <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> First of all, there is an illustrious rake battle scene, where the former military jock shows how he was trained in the army to become maltreatment, and attempted a nasty hero with the wrong end of the game for what looks like a clock. Then there is a bit running, ending in a real-life fighting cycle that ends in a spectacular nightclub with comic hand grenades that blow out everything except the people standing next to them. Then the film assortment ends and everything works well. It's not so. It's like watching a train wreck, you can not reject it, it's so bad. The perfect fare for Mystery Science Theater, but God-awful you should try to watch it yourself and not radiate. The fashion police still have a number of excellent warrants for the cast, and I dared no one ever think in a supernatural battle. This score reaches a maximum of 2 out of ten for a good day.
