This break from the "Gremlin" hits of 1984 is quite possibly the greatest wreck of a war movie ever made. Even for Class B movies, all the other cheap horror movies on the same platform completely dwarf this film in terms of plot, gaming and goodness. It starts with a casual old guard and a younger punk security guard whose name has no meaning. Why? Because in a few minutes he goes to the "forbidden" safe and is killed while living with his fantasy that he is a rock star in a cheap pub. This is just an appetizer for the scat-filled main course. The main character, KEVIN, fights at different times to prove to be more than a complete pussy. Perhaps he succeeds in the film, but the audience proves to be nothing but a bad actor. Kevin takes care of the old security guard and is led by a security shift in an abandoned studio (wait for it). Yes, why bother making a set when you can just use the studio itself. Back to the movie. Kevin somehow opens the forbidden safe and unleashes the Hobgoblin. Hobboblinci force people to live their wildest fantasies and then kill them for some reason. Should they be returned before sunrise or otherwise ... or otherwise? More precisely. Other characters include Kevin's "macho" boyfriend NICK, Nick's "woman" DAPHNE, whose character has no traits other than sukničkářský attitude and prostitute worthy of clothes. There is Kevin's manipulative and "reserved" friend, AMY, whose deepest desire is obviously misrepresent as Cher looks like a stocking stocking with a pair of blue grandmothers under the top pants. Do not ask me how it works. Quite perhaps the most funny character of all is KYLE. How these groups of friends are taking place is a question. Kyle is a perverse creep that can not go an hour without self-stimulation. His hobbies include the call of sexual chat rooms from other people's homes and the most likely olfactory lingerie. The story unfolds when the heroes are looking for Hobgoblins: high knees (also dolls) that, for some reason, try to travel beyond the boundaries of the local area. Every character eventually lives with his wildest imagination, which has nothing to do with millions of dollars ... or a big budget. <br /> <br /> WARNING SPOILERS AHEAD: Reversing this movie will leave an observer who is interested in "What?" The Hobgoblins are returned to the vault ... by their free will. Perhaps they have lost patience, waiting for sunrise to cause confusion, or perhaps writers have got the writer's spasm and decided not to worry about it. When he returns to safety, the old security guard reveals "what he has learned in the army" and detonates explosives that destroy safe, signaling the end of the evil Hobboblin and the end of this mountain run; better suited to escalator. <br /> <br /> Just the badness of this movie is enough to send someone to tears. If you plan to follow this, I recommend several alcoholic beverages in advance to seriously consider the film from the mind.
