"House Of Evil," known as "Dance Of Death," is the first of the four shameful and weird last films to play with the great Boris Karloff directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibanez. Unlike the 1978 Snake People, "The Incredible Invasion" (1971) and "The Fear Chamber" (1972), released after the death of Karloff in 1969, "House Of Evil" was released in 1968, still alive. "House Of Evil" is considered by many to be the worst of these four films, which are undoubtedly rather miserable, but they definitely have their fun value as the unintentional comedies they are. I personally prefer the "Chamber of Fear" and the "House of Evil" over the other two, simply because the lack of the smallest logic is even more extreme and because there is no tension in any movie, the lack of logic increases the unintentional entertainment factor. <br /> <br /> A special story (I do not know if I really call it a "plot") is somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After murdering some girls and their eyes scattered, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organist, invites his little relatives to his bizarre estate that is full of weird toys. His relatives include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who deals with one of the police inspectors who are investigating murders. I'm not going to tell you the story, but I can assure you it's pretty bizarre all the time. There are some very fun moments, especially some things Karloff's character says. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most famous and important icons of the Horror genre he ever lived, and he can appreciate this special film a bit of its size, and although (or because) his role is (in spite of bad script and direction) that it deliberately plays with humor. As in the movie successes of "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber," Julissa is again playing female leadership. <br /> <br /> Most of the supporting performances are amateur cheerful, cinematography is terrible and places and scenery are under scorn. Give the least logic and the dialogue often makes no sense. It's a bad story and dialogue, however, it makes this movie so fun to watch. "House Of Evil" can be an extremely miserable movie, but it's definitely funny because it's bad. Ed Wood fans should be very entertained, I personally thought it was funny. Crappy but entertaining however, and definitely worth watching because there is Boris Karloff in it and because of the fun factor. 3/10
