Falling people begin with archeologist Matt Fletcher (Casper Van Dienem) in the desert and discover the mummified remains of a giant giant that is 42 feet high. Now there's something you do not see every day. Matt works for developer Morton (Robert Wagner) who wants to build a recreational resort on the grounds and invites colleagues from Angela's archeology (Kristen Miller) for reasons I'm not sure. Anyway, they both try to find out what they have when some of the team are caught and Morton calls Ammon's security guy (Navida Negahbana) to handle the situation. Meanwhile, the old text translator, rabbi Eli Schmidt (Tom Bosley) translates some ancient text (as it is) and is shocked to learn of the evil prophecy in which these giants rise and take over the world as a fallen or something like that. It's up to Matt to save the day and the whole planet ... he wrote and directed Kevin VanHook, who also has a small role in the film as the leader of the ancient warrior at the beginning, I personally thought the fallen was a terrible movie and it's so simple and straight. There are so many things that are just bad about the fallen on both the technical and the conceptual level, the script does not make much sense, and it really does not take place until the last 20 odd minutes when it comes to I almost lost the will to live. The character is horrible and as a cliché as you like the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad & the whole movie is predictable, I think it will not be a surprise that Casper Van Dien will save the day it's it? It is not a huge surprise that the mummified field returns to life or why wait for an hour in the movie when most viewers will be in some state of coma. That's bad, very bad. You were warned. Director VanHook will not act, battle scenes are terribly terrible, and why do not you dress your bad guys into a terrible shade of purple? They look naff. Due to the fact that the special effects on a huge mother are really good, although there are not so many, since they are not displayed for more than an hour, there are also some normal mummies that seem to have come from The Mummy (1999) unfortunately they are not accustomed to any big effect and in fact are useless as some comical relief. The mechanical mummy was a pretty good idea, but it looked stupid, and there is no way on Earth that all those people inside could work in synchronization to control it, the more I think it's even more ridiculous. Forget any horror, tension or atmosphere, and do not even think of any gore or violence because there is none. Technically fallen is not something special and in addition to impressive huge mummy effects is little to excite her. The ghost effects of CGI and water are terrible, they were made for television and they're a show. Wagner looks embarrassed, and that's probably the only thing Dien & Bosley can get today. <br /> <br /> Fallen Ones is a bad movie, there are no two ways. how worry me. It is not recommended at any level or in any way to avoid it.
