I think I'll probably like the new Star Wars movie, "Phantom Menace," and it's likely that Titanic will fly out of the water if you justify the game as far as a totally devastating box is concerned, and so knock out of the top spot. Every time I hear someone declare that "Titanic" is the biggest movie they've ever seen, I think "you do not see a lot of movies, are you?" What travesty. You could create 50 good movies that are much better than "Titanic" and for the same price. <br /> <br /> "Well, he won a lot of academy awards, a lot of people really loved it," as one might say in his defense. Lots of people like Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that does not mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of Elvis fans may be wrong. <br /> <br /> I will be the first to admit that the part of the problem for me was mega-hype over the movie. I waited about a month to see it, and eventually it did not meet the expectations that fell on it, which simply caused more attention to the horrific, silly love story. It is true that "Phantom Menace" is likely to suffer a similar fate. but. <br /> <br /> James Cameron's Titanic is. a) Cheese movement effect, thin disguise as a serious work. b) a three-hour epic that has excellent moments in the trailer. c) Sappy love story through faith or fun. d) something better for documentarists that I would enjoy much more. e) a film with arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrated by a real ship. f) a 3-hour robbery that I will never return to, and therefore the greatest motivation for the time machine I think. When I meet someone who has not seen me yet, I say, "I wish I could trade with you." g) a faint face of any true damaged subcooling. How long can we believe people can be immersed in cold, cold water and still make comprehensible sentences? h) Fortunately, a film that was not recognized for any Oscar-winning performance. i) technological success in films and few others. The only reason I post this comment as an anonymous comment is that I am not welcome to refute 10,000 13-year-old Leonardo DiCaprio fans who will undoubtedly come to his defense and I really do not want to hear Titanic's story, acting or length.
