Once he was a director named James. He brought us an amazing, exciting sci-fi like Terminator and Aliens. These films were the piano-made stuff and seemed to have a fantastic future ahead when the film industry landed at the dawn of computer-generated special effects. Terminator 2 has shown us what we have seen in this new era. <br /> <br /> ....... and then it happened ................ ... 1997 ........ countless awards .......... obscene amounts of money ............ impassable advertising barracks ...... ...... Maximum profit margin ....... Titanic was here! <br /> <br /> I've never been (sometimes) who would jump on the train and was too critical because in fact I often compared the opposite position to the contrary in order to argue. Titanic, however, was a film from which I took only one position - that Kate Winslett is absolutely beautiful all over the world! Quickly - the dialogue was like something from Beverly Hills 90210, the acting was more wooden than my nephew tree, the paintings to scare were really comic (the man who fell from the ship and propelled the propeller), historically untrue (not even starting me, because he was too much), he had terrible thematic music (there with a bodyguard cheese) and the unnecessary love story was so tedious, self-reliant and poor that he did not respect the situation of all other participants (I was glad when he died and disappointed not to do it). It was clear from the word that this film was designed to appeal to MTV, chewing gum, chasing a boy with a car, teenage girls (DeCaprio himself remembered something less heroic than a litter member of a guy band) hungry friends out three and a half hours of inspiration who hopes he will be lucky later! The worst aspect was that it did not stop at that moment. Millions of degenerate cultural vultures went to see this expensive celluloid waste because "it cost so much to make it, it must be great" and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they know their movies." <br /> <br /> The crown glory came when Titanic swept the Oscar albums. King James James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the victim of the lethal evening on which his three and a half-hour faction was based. It seemed to me that he prayed for forgiveness after he had made the fortunes that he misrepresented the circumstances that led to the deaths of many people. <br /> <br /> If people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy this kind of waste, they deserve to get to the market. Good luck to Hollywood, if it's how they want to make money, I'll do it if I had such a chance in my life! It's right there on my worst film another silly, historically untrue / human interest tribe like "Patriot" and "Pearl Harbor".
