The tragedy of the convicted Titanic inspired many books and films. The battle between nature and technology has always captured man's imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by famed action film director James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" includes two fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from a variety of backgrounds (one is a hobo-artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how their love triumphs over the social barriers and tragedy of the sinking ship they are on. <br /> <br /> First, although it uses the historical name, this film has little history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, a French diamond and treasure hunters. The death of more than a thousand people on the largest luxury ship of their time has become a mere background. Many historical facts have simply been forgotten. Where was the radio operator who ignored the glacier warning? Why did not she mention a ship that was just five miles from the Titanic, but she did not come to rescue because her captain could not identify an emergency signal? Ignoring these facts is an insult to this tragedy. And what's the reason for tasting this historic catastrophe with fictitious cheese romance when the story is as sad as it is. The total conspiracies were rather shallow; rich is equal to greed and corruption, poverty is compassion and heroism. It is very ironic to spend $ 200 million on filming a movie about how money spoils. There was no human side in the anti-heroes. Billy Zane seemed to be playing part of the devil. Casting was also very bad. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear he was his child. The length of the movie was stretched unnecessarily for more than 3 hours. The first hour and a half were unnecessary in creating relationships between the characters known to the audience long before they went to the theater, and the dialogue that was used to make it even worse. Audible leg lifting lines like "I see you" and "This is my side of the ship" caused more pain than screams of drowning people. Also the jokes were too abundant and somewhat fragile. The Titanic included some moving scenes, such as the part where the musicians played while the ship sank, but were in no way close to anything original. The best thing about this movie was its special effects, and that's the only thing that really deserved the prize. Although this film lacked artistic value in the overall sense, the public could not resist the sentimental storyline played by Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the film became a success. Now it's safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest a lot of money into one movie, so it seems that "Titanic" eventually has reached something.
