ELEPHANT WALK was a boring film and I was really happy when it finally became a herd of elephants through the mansion and the movie ended. Since you have money and occupation, you certainly expect the movie to be much better, even though I also doubt that Dana Andrews is weirdly cast as a man who is in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just an age difference, but I just do not see the pair as a couple. Maybe it may sometimes be a mistake to replace Miss Taylor for Vivian Leigh at the last minute (due to Miss Leigh's worsening mental disorder) - though I was also hardly aware of Andrews and Leigh. Besides, for English, Miss Taylor does not even seem to try to use the accent. The film begins when Peter Finch and Taylor meet and swim in England. Their plan is to return to Finch Tea Plantation in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and initially it looks like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to, and households do not seem to like it. Besides, as soon as Finch behaves like a crazy blockbuster and Taylor is miserable. Neighbor Andrews sees it, and he says there's an infallible passion for her. However, Taylor is not yet ready to leave her marriage. But during the film, Finch cures Liz more and more as an object and eventually is ready to leave ... when it's blue, Cholera will hit the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - although I really did not care, because there's absolutely no chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is pretty boring and you do not understand why Taylor did not leave his husband's spoon within a few days of arriving into this inhospitable hell. The film is not particularly pilgrimage or persuasive, and despite the decent budget of Paramount, the movie is a slow mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film seemed to be shot in place, many scenes were clearly shot in a studio with a rear project (and a grainy) shot that was not well integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and the Lots sit on the porch and the grass is bright green. Then, when the image is reduced to people dancing right in front of them, the grass is brown! It is clear that in this scene or in the scene with the giant bold Buddha they really are NOT in Ceylon. My advice is to skip this, or at least keep coffee nearby to wake you up. Despite its budget, it's just not a good or inspired film. By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant during part of the movie? In some scenes (especially at the beginning) he is wearing billow clothes, has a double chin and looks bloated. This is not a critique - after all, women get pregnant! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. Also by the way, the basic script is in many ways similar to GIANT - great movie Taylor really! It's amazing how he can make so much casting and a decent direction.
