There have been some funny movies about the spirit on Hollywood. Cary Grant was an angel in "The Bishop's Wife" (1947). Top Top films were, of course, in the late 1930s - early 1940s. And recently, Warren Beatty "Heaven Can Wait" (1978), which was a remake of 1941 "Here Comes Mr. Jordan". They were well-written, entertaining and entertaining comedies that centered around supernatural creators like spirits and angels. Now comes writer-director Jeff Lowell, who debuted on a feature-length film with a stunning, young woman, Kate (Eva Longoria Parker), who is killing on a wedding day and then returning to harass the beginning spirit of Ashley (Lake Bell) who falls behind Kate Henry's fiancé (Paul Rudd). One thing that is clear at first: Longoria Parker is not Constance Bennett (Marion Kerby in the first two films "Topper"), which is the standard against which all female ghosts are measured. <br /> <br /> The line right at the start when Henry's sister Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) tells Henry: "You do not smile." This has adequately described my situation in this film. The main problem with the movie is that the script is simply not very fun. But it's even aggravated by the presence of Longoria Parker, who always shook me the wrong way every time she appeared on the screen. Just starting to combine her lack of comic talent is covered with so many hazel makeup, who knows what really looks like? Kate is killing when he prepares for a wedding fallen frozen sculpture. It's so unwise that an angel tells her what her afterlife is about, and she sets off on her (well, she just disappears), so Kate finds herself on the ground like a ghost without knowing what her mission is. <br /> <br /> Chloe wants Henry to step out of the feature he has naturally descended upon Kate's death (from what I saw on Kate, he had a wonderful relief) and he would introduce him to Ashley, I do not know what he's doing as a spiritualist (she is also a preacher to finally meet) to see if Henry can get back into contact with Kate. There are many meshugaas that are happening. The void of the film is embodied by the story of "B", which is rotated around Ashley's assistant Dan (Jason Biggs). That's all over, but the way Ashley treats him suggests he's just like Kate. Since Dan is obviously attracted to both of these seriously damaged women, he deserves what he can do. Eventually, Kate appears Ashley and the fun should start. No, and that's a shame, because in other hands it could be quite fun. Norman Z. McLeod, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Alan Mowbray and Co. they must turn to their graves to see how their shine makes them in the first two films "Topper".
