Two qualities: Basically, I think Joe Don Baker can be good or even great with the right material and the right director (remake "Cape Fear", a small role in "Goldeneye", "Walking Tall"). And I even liked Baker in "Mitchell" because he was playing the anti-hero, which was OFFERED to be unbeatable. Yes, MST3K coverage was merry, but with Baker he deserved, he made a lot of cheap footage - he did not deserve - keep alive and fun things - he was good for the level and tone of the film and it was the best film. "Ultimate justice" appears to be more the same, but despite the exotic locations and the topic of "Cowboy Border Justice" it's a bit weaker than "Mitchell." And the main reason is that Baker's character, as it is written, is an idiot. The film has the belief that since Baker embodies the old style of frontier machismo, he calls his rival to the old mano-a-mano style of fast competition. And because he's so hard and macho, he always wins even if he's wounded, wounded, overturned, etc. This is an idea with great potential (he worked for Gary Coopera), even though he condemns the film to the state of "B". But Baker is so crazy and obsessed that he unnecessarily calls three evil guy members to avoid a public market where civilians are everywhere. He could simply jump into the main thief's headquarters (and therefore followed him) and he would never have noticed. Or he could get them and force them to give up and get one of the followers to take him to the headquarters at the point of the gun. But no, he must be a bush puppeteer and a macho blockade, so he gets a kid as a hostage in a subsequent shootout! <br /> <br /> This is the person we admire? <br /> <br /> The whole movie is basically the same. Most supporting actors are somewhere OK (henchmeny) quite good (the main dirty man and his father, two well-known European actors - they are just going through the moves, but they are professionals and even hammams that they are decent). But thanks to Baker's character, stupid, unproductive bits and bugs are gathered to kill at least two relatively innocent people and a few bad guys who could be alive without the use of lethal force. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, because 90% of the film is set in Malta or in the Mediterranean, you can see plenty of pretty scenery and lots of nice and exotic looking extras. And really, Baker himself can be on the hard side and slightly dyspeptic, but it's not that bad ... definitely not the adornment that film critics (including Mike and Bots in their merry cover) seem to think. <br /> <br /> In short, this movie is suitable for video wallpapers, but the viewer should not pay attention to it.
