After detaining the man responsible for the murder of his boss, Deputy Sheriff Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, III., Has the task of kidnapping the killer back to Italy. However, the airplane is redirected to Malta. Shortly after landing, he kills a killer. Now, and with little help from the Maltese police, Deputy Sheriff Geronimo is to capture the murderer again. But will his "Shoot First, Take Names Later" mark of Texas Justice work in a foreign country? <br /> <br /> Let me get it right in front of me, I've seen Final Justice both with and without commentary Mystery Science Theater 3000. I have seen scenes that have been cut that help the film create a more coherent whole. And I saw the broken TV version that was used for MST3K. When I said that, I have to admit that I much prefer the version of MST3K. Why? Because ultimate justice is one miserable movie. The comment MST3K helps make it much more tasty. In itself, it is the real touch of action film with a horrific interview (often shipped with such dense Italian accents that can not be understood), bad acting, weak direction, gigantic holes, and most of all you find a bad movie. And if most of the ultimate justice was not "so bad, it's good," it would be a really boring film at the top of everything else. So yes, I often enjoy the very funny commentary MST3K about the bad film itself. <br /> <br /> My main sticking points with MST3K comments and most of the reviews I read about the final justice, however, include criticism of Joe Don Baker. The main weaknesses in Baker's performance have nothing to do with his size, the choice of his wardrobe, or any other joke that went in his direction. Instead, I think it has a big impression on the wrong decision to put him in the first place. Joe Don Baker has always considered me a decent actor, but he is not such a person as I would call the "action hero" any part of imagination. It's more of a side-by-side, as he has shown with solid performances in several of James Bond's films. Or, if you really want to blame someone for ultimate justice, show Greydan Clark's finger. Clark's CV can not begin to compare with Baker. So I say, "Run Joe Don Baker!"
