Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a crazy, sweaty murderous oaf in a silly cowboy suit that would laugh at Roy Rogers. Somehow it still has a badge, probably because it lives in Texas and leaves anything there to be law enforcement there. This fatal loser is a deputy sheriff near the border with Texas. Not surprisingly, he was sometimes a Texas Ranger, but he was kicked out because he thought the law was his own personal bouncy ball to play at his discretion. It involves shooting suspects across the border with Mexico, defeating suspects, cheating on weapons, threatening women, starting fighter weapons that could be prevented, and managing to get into a life-threatening child, promised to help and protect, to be killed just to get out of prison, etc. This guy makes LA policemen as saints in comparison. When his partner kills a few traveling Italian killers, Joe Don's character is chasing and killing one of them. He then takes the second to Italy at the command of Mr. Wilson, who rightly thinks that Joe Don will have a great time. He is losing Italian in record time and Maltese booths in this process. This is only the first of the many deaths and considerable destruction that Joe Don leaves in his way as he runs across Malta, looking for Palermo (an Italian assassin). So a part of the mobile strip begins, the film in which our hero is arrested, the Maltese police chief lectures, disappears and causes more trouble, arrests, lectures by the police chief ... and so on, and so on. Until you want to blow your brains out with Joe Don's elephant cube, the gun is handled and it will be horrible. Joe Don proves his uselessness not only for the first time that Palermo escapes, but in the next boat he pursues who goes in a single strike. Then Palermo gets him after threatening a woman with a hanger. You hope that Palermo will actually get to the museum in the underground part he got into, but not - the stripper he threatened to come in and get him out because he promised to protect her. Her throat is immediately withdrawn (a big surprise) and Joe Don escapes into the night. And here you hope he could be drowned in (another) hunting. But even the ocean does not want it and spits it to the shore where the poor Maltese family treats it (what have they ever deserved?) Returns to the city where he is arrested by the police, lectured to the police chief ... arrrgghhh! The female cop who accompanies him will free him to go to Palermo. Why would she do something like a dead brain to destroy her career for this big slob is outside of me. It's just the head scrambling confused. They go out into the villa where Palermo is hiding and start firing. Joe Don blithely cheats and kills Palermo. Then he tells the big and dazzling last line of the film, "The big one has my badge, can you get it for me?" Thank you for the immortal line, Mr. Baker. It will go down in the annals of film history as the most literate, amazing, stunning last line ever pronounced by the character in the movie. It certainly falls in harmony with everyone else's character. Bravo.
