The human roasted hook of Joe Don Baker (MITCHELL) stars in this fearless "action" film as Deputy Geronimo, a fat, plush slob, sitting in silly metal costume, listening to country music and eating too many donuts. Meanwhile, an unclear criminal called Palermo (played by a guy who owned a drill in Fulci's GATES OF HELL), hits Joe Don's land and shoots the sheriff on a badly-tuned scene. Joe Don-Slowly - is to say and turn off Palermo's brother after he has released his legendary phrase, "It's your move, do you think you can take me?" "For some reason, Joe Don, the Texas legislator, must transport Palermo to Italy ("Palermo is the main source of embarrassment to the Italian government," says Mr. Wilson, another vague figure, Bill McKinney, who was in MASTER NINJA 1, SHE FREAK and many good films by Clint Eastwood). <br /> <br /> Anyhoo, Joe Don's plane must land on the island of Malta where Palermo escapes with a briefcase and a guy who looks like Jon Lovitz. And that's where the movie stops. For the rest of the movie, Joe Don Palermo looks for a lost Palermo, ends up in prison, calls on the police chief in Malta, and then leaves with a warning that he will no longer seek Palermo. Then Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in prison, is curious about the police chief in Malta, and then warns them he will not look for Palermo. Then Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, ends up in prison, is curious about the police chief in Malta and then warns them he will not look for Palermo. This is one worsening movie. <br /> <br /> At one point, Joe Don is considered dead at sea. All the other characters ask whether he's dead or not, he finally thinks he is. But then he appears (he was rescued by a poor family) and no one has mentioned that there is a lack of days at sea. Even his cute, Julia Louise-Dreyfuss-asque sidekick does not welcome him back. However, he suggests helping him find Palermo, so Joe Don looks for Palermo, loses Palermo, finishes in prison, is curious about the police chief in Malta, and then leaves with a warning not to look for Palermo any more. The high points include a bizarre carnival with strange colored fins, some sexy strippers, shooting with a Napoleon-dressed baby and a tomato basket, a chase scene involving a man dressed as a monk and any scene without Joe Don. Low points include Joe Don, who threatens a stripper with a coat hanger. It should be noted that this is from Greydon Clark, director of ANGEL REVENGE, who appears as a sheriff. Ick! <br /> <br />
