From my comments, I see that most people who are discussing this movie are basing their notes on MST3K. That's pretty fair (after all, how was his broadest exposure), but since I was unlucky to see "ultimate justice" in its original form, I would like to share a few thoughts and remarks about it, Version. <br /> <br /> First of all, it must be admitted that the original version is a little more coherent than the MST3K broadcast, especially thanks to the exclusive scene between Rossano Brazzi and Venantino Venantini (I could use character names instead of actors but I would like to write words "Venantino Venantini") and explains why Venantini's fugitive figure can not immediately leave Malta. (It's not a very interesting fence, but at least the filmmakers were trying to cover it.) Whether this scene was shortened to time or because she did not supply many riffs, I do not know. <br /> <br /> Another point of conspiracy that is missing in the original: The traitor's betrayal of Venantina Venantini Joe Don Baker, seemingly unmotivated in the MST3K version, explained the earlier, very unpleasant scene in which Venantini raped her in the shower. While it gives her the reason to turn it against him, the whole script is really ... icky. (There is no other word.) Some moments worthy of the MST (the everlasting abbreviated screams of "Son of a" and "deja vu" shooting the sheriff) were purely the result of edited print for the television they were collaborating with and were not in the original movie. <br /> <br /> One scene I wish came into the MST3K version: Before joining the bar and challenging some people, Joe Don asks the Maltese policeman to accompany him to stay out because "they see the uniform, they will not cooperate. " However, Joe Don himself carries his ridiculous cowboy-slash-sheriff clothing, complete with a glossy badge! I can not imagine why they handed over the great opportunity to talk to him ... One final comment on the original, pending version of "Final Justice": Why, why? feel the need to give Venantino Venantini a naked butt on the screen?
