I was delighted that Cesar Montano decided to make a film in Cebuano. (It's not a "dialect" because most of the Filipinos will incorrectly label it as. Because Cebuano and Tagalog are just as incomprehensible as French and Spanish are each other.) But I was very disappointed when I saw this movie. As a Canadian parent, Cebuano, I was optimistic about the revival of the Visayan film industry when I heard about this movie. I was thrilled to hear that it was not a stupid action movie or melodrama because the Filipinos loved these types of movies. Unfortunately, I was briefly changed. <br /> <br /> Panaghoy serves Cesar Montano as a way to the ego. Montano, of course, plays the hero of the film. And when I say "the hero", I mean in stereotypical behaviors; Its function is to get the heart of the girl and lead Bolanons to victory against the Japanese. His character does not have depth or complexity. It just fits the hero. The remaining characters are one-dimensional; everyone has entered their cookie roles. <br /> <br /> I'm for slow / meditative movies, but this movie was just a slow move. She did not want to meditate on it. Just because the film is historically motivated, drama and slow motion do not make it a good movie. <br /> <br /> An American actor, Philip Anthony, is particularly annoying. His performance was embarrassing. If Montano wanted to revive the Visayan film industry, he really ought to think. He said he wanted to shoot Visayan films that could compete in Cannes and Toronto, etc. But the film would really be covered and frozen at such festivals. To get Visayan films into the main stream of consciousness, he should have at least a film that would attract audiences, even if it meant sacrificing quality. Obviously, he did not even think about the films he won at Cannes, so the film that attracts the audience would be at least in the doorway. <br /> <br /> Now I'm afraid, Visayan films will not be back for a long time. If I ever told the Philippine that I wanted to see more Visayan movies, of course I would get the answer, "Visayans do not have good movies. Did not you see Panaghoy Sa Suba?" Of course, it's ridiculous because it's one of the examples of Visayan and probably the only example anyone could see today. An example of a film that is meditative and not just slow is the Tagalog movie Blackout or David Lynch Direct Story. I hate to promote the Tagalog language because it is infinitely and unjustly promoted and thrown into the throat of the Filipino non-Tagalog, but because of the spade's spade call I say Blackout is a very good movie. These films rely heavily on what Hitchcock called "pure cinema." Images without words are used to tell the story. But I draw the definition a little because of these two films in that these films use images without words to tell the mood of the film. and they do it very well. Panaghoy thinks that if they simply take extensive footage of the landscape, they realize their mood. And what about so many Philippine films posing a dying mother or grandmother ???
