Well, I can honestly say it's the first time I've ever seen a movie that literally did not contain meat or potatoes. The whole movie felt as though it was just a salad without a main course. The storyline was misleading and ridiculous, the characters were one-dimensional, realism was out and the animation was made by four-year-olds. Does that cover it? I have never been embarrassed for a concept in my whole life. I have never read comics or seen other programs with this character, but from the perspective of other reviews I'm not from the ground with my observation. <br /> <br /> Begin, the story moved too fast. For someone new to this character and situation I needed to build more into creating reasons instead of finding a solution. I've seen another Anime (if you could call Anime) who are doing great things with their characters because they have time to develop them. There was nothing about Lady Death. In a few short scenarios, we see her train with Cremator and immediately become this aggressive hell beast. It was hard for me to swallow, considering moments before she was introduced as the faint and feeble woman her father controls. Suddenly, it is immersed in hatred and can fight the existence that has been around millions of years. It was absurd. Lady Death's presentation was poor, at least. I felt like there was nothing more than an animated figure instead of a desperate woman with revenge in mind. It just did not work for me. There was nothing more than an eye-candy for pre-school boys who wanted to nause a large amount of skin that suddenly grew on her chest when she practiced with Cremator. Oh, I felt bad when I watched her. The same goes for the character of Cremator. Who was this random person? The explanations they provided were not enough, and instead I left more incoherent blandness than actual development. It is a very sad day in hell when we left the characters to show more violence and actions, especially in animated features. <br /> <br /> There was Lucifer himself there. Let me just say that I think I can fight the King of Hell and survive. He was weak, his voice was ridiculous and he simply did not represent the picture I had in my mind. It was as if Disney was in control and wanted to be a semi-PC. He missed the dark and corrupt nature that Lucifer embodies. It was not Lord Pekel, but instead he was just a boy who had a bigger place to live. When we talk about life or death, how can you die again in hell? It was a concept that definitely needed more explanation. Most characters took care of dying when they did not even think of the possibility that they were dead. So they got into hell. I think this level of thinking has caused a movie for me. I did not get the impression that your soul is still in a rigid body in hell, but could it be just me? or maybe it was because there was no development in this story. There was nothing built, just getting ready. The combat sequences were hysterically wrong. Animation in this cartoon was as if it were in the early 1990s. The way this film was drawn was not impressive. Why are we, America, so animated? It's huge in Asia, and there's hardcore here, because we're still making movies like Lady Death that do not call up or use any part of the imagination. We're cheap and this movie shows it. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie was bad. The animation associated with a terrible voice was inexpensive. I've had some headaches that this film has been in production for a long time, which is hard to understand because I think I could shoot this movie on my credit card. The production was terrible, just like the story. Nothing has been developed, and they have left vast arched holes, almost all of them. The power of the character was missing and nothing was explained. I've lost my time with this one and I want to warn others that when they come to Death they are not in my condition and regret that you have lost 80 minutes to this waste. <br /> <br /> BLAH! <br /> <br /> Step: * from *****
