Witty. Strange. Original. Superficial. Butterfly wings? We would like to ask what these words best describe, and some (those who are in the insurance with the international film community) can quickly tell Happenstance, but others can jump on more American train and immediately shout, The Butterfly Effect. Special, I would be one of those who shouted for the science fiction movie Kutcher, mainly because none of the words I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph accurately revealed the function of the Tautou I was witnessing. Surely, we all loved her in Amélia, and we thought it was Daisy's Daughter Code of Daughter, but for the first time Laurent Firode's director (feature-length film) does not give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Unfortunately, it does not give anyone the chance to really show it because it is too delicately captured in "random chances" to bring this film to something other than just a glitter (it never gets excited). Firode has plenty of time, and in the little word "Moment" in which we managed to build a fantastic story, a truly fabulous tale of love and coincidence, but instead falls face - first into the mud - the bucket of chaotic entanglement that overcame us with inconsistent characters and story , which left us exhale for less. <br /> <br /> The beautiful face is decorated with the envelope of this box, but do not be as fast as I do, assuming it will be another monumental journey to the French cinema Tautou. Tautou is in this film, do not make me wrong, but can be said that it is not at the heart of this story. Firode's job is to create a series of random events that will eventually lead to a pleasant (though confusing) audience that is an example of a refreshing "melodrama." He completely fails. Firode is failing to give too many characters to our audience. With too many characters, it gives us too many random hits and you do not care about who is who or what it is or how it is; your main focus will focus only on the final credits and the time of their arrival. Tautou could save this film from catastrophe if Firode gave her the center. Unfortunately, he did not do it, but he tried to force the group 12 to make a penny size theoretical film. It just did not work, and we stayed with a jam in which we were completely stuck. Firode fails because he focuses "so carefully on the little details that for one of those rare film occurrences, he really forgets the central focus." I can say there is no central focus on Happenstance, at the beginning trying to create one with our two supposedly the main characters when they find that they share the same birthday and their horoscope promises love through the moonlight, but we never get back to it in the film, instead we are again bombarded with new characters, permeable scenes and insignificant disgrace that is obviously chosen to he turned away from the real story and more into a world full of "ifs, ands and buts." I could not do it, I could not believe this film. , which I immediately felt as if he had finished it immediately that many of us have not been able to actually follow the story (or scientific assumption) because they are catching the homeless help to actually fill the empty spaces. I did not need it, nor did I think that Firode had to dissuade his audience. While there were other elements that did not seem to work at all (again, it felt like an upset paris collage of crushed paper), it was ice cream on the cake. I do not need a hand held through movies. I give this movie one star for a loan. It is a relatively difficult genre to handle successfully. Time travel films are especially difficult because of countless possibilities they never take into account, but thanks to Happenstance it works because Firode partially explores different paths. While struggling with the claim that he did not do well, he did at least five minutes full of experience. I liked where Firode was heading for this movie had a really dialed story, but the final execution just shredded this movie into pieces. Firode could save this film if he reinforced his characters and at the same time illuminate his premise and story. I think the overall mood of this film would change if only these two simple directions were made. Oh, as I wish I had time to come back to producing this film to show Firode the mistakes of his ways. For the first time (and probably the last) it was a Taut movie, which I must say, that I completely disappointed. From jerk opening to apathy, I felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and horrific marketing. Marketing is something I have not mentioned yet, but why would anyone buy this film when it was thought that it was Amelie 2 (and Hong Kong's name) and why you would place Tautou directly on the envelope did not produce this film at all. I believe that from the first minute I went to a DVD player, this movie was in mud. While I will applaud his subject, everything else was much below average. Can not design this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Rating: * from *****
