I am an enthusiastic fan of violent cinema exploitation that would never attack the film for being violent or disturbing. I consider the "cannibal holocaust" as a masterpiece and will always prevent controversial films like "women's day" or "last house on the left" as real classics. Anyone who goes through my other commentaries to users will notice that I'm in fact a very pro-violence / gore when it comes to movies. However, I think there should be at least some point to violence. This piece does not make any sense at all. The first film in the famous "Guinea Pig" series, "The Devil's Experiment" (1985), is highly controversial, but unlike many other controversial films, this scent has no recommendations at all. I must say that before I saw one of the Guniea-Pig films, I had the feeling I would hate this because I knew what was going on. Thanks to my position as one of the most controversial films, I decided to see it. I am very glad I did not spend any money on this pile of money, and I certainly wish I did not waste my time. <br /> <br /> The story of this thing (I do not want to call it a "movie"): It does not have one. The three idiots tortured the woman for death for some unbearable 40 minutes. And it is done. There is no artistic value, no "shocking" story, no tension; nothing. They simply do not believe that a film that NEVER shows, except for a woman who is tortured without cause, has a huge iconic commitment. It's disturbing, I give it. Of course it is disturbing to watch torture video for 40 minutes. What is more worrying, however, is that many people really consider this pile of garbage to be a masterpiece. I can not understand why. The fact that gore effects look realistic can not be a reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor and responds very calmly to all the torture. This makes the film look less realistic, which is a good thing in this one. It's a movie that's bad; not for his gore, but for his redundancy, his existence solely for the purpose of displaying 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly opposed any form of censorship. Because it's 100% fake and no one was injured during production, it's legitimate to shoot such a movie. But I can not think of the only reason why anyone would want, apart from the morbid desire to watch the suffering and use of torture. The sequel to this film, "Flesh and Blood Flowers", gained prominence when actor Charlie Sheen learned about a real string and informed the FBI. It happened that the movie became fake. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake torture / snort film that seems to have the sole purpose of appearing as close as possible to the real string of snuff. <br /> <br /> "Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies I've ever had to sit down. Do not be tortured by trying this piece of crap for your controversial status. Do a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of ten, I wish there was a negative benchmark in order to properly evaluate this pile of bullshit.
