I recently watched Guinea Pig's first film The Devil's Experiment and I have to admit I'm disappointed. This movie is always included in any list of "worst" films and maybe I've been waiting for more because of hype. The truth is, however, that I do not evaluate it. If I had watched, if I believed that the introductory text was true ("I found this tape ..."), I could have been a bit upset about it being real. Even without knowing that it is not real, I think I would have done that, it really was not. In the film, the girl's reaction to what is being done to her simply is not what they should be. She should scream like pain. The fact that it is not, means that it is obviously not real. I would not want to see if it is real, but if she were to be more convincing in her acting, the film would be more disturbing. And then there are notorious scenes: nothing happened to me until the scalpel in my hand. Hot oil, worms and guts just did not bother me. I do not say I'm "hard"; that I could not stop my mistrust, partly because of the girl's inactivity. The scalpel made me comfort a little, but with a hammer to her hand, it turned out that the hand looked like a rubber. And the final scene with her eyes was small again, but nothing more. I did not want to turn away and did not feel sick. Maybe it's because the movie is twenty years old, or maybe I'm just exhausted. The truth is I did not disturb this movie. It's such a thing that you could expect to play on the loop as a modern artistic installation, and as a practice of removing characters, a story, etc. and just leaving torture, works on some levels. But like a disturbing piece of film, it did not work for me at all. I looked at Guinea Pig with my wife, who was from a "great movie," and wondered what the fuss was all about. We have to discuss why I look at these films and my reasons are many, but it involves the desire to be influenced by the film. She said she did not think any movie could be so compelling to distract her and invited me to do it exactly. I played it out of the Irreversible firefighting scene and she was really disturbed. I'm not sure I have a different point than that we're both more concerned about the scene in a non-horror genre than any movie that's interested in distracting.
