David Mamet's film debut is widely honored as a true philosophical film, a film that challenges everyone and everyone. I saw it for the first time recently and could not understand what should be so great. The film is about psychologist Margaret, who is also the best-selling author. Margaret has become disappointed with her profession and the inability to really help someone. He tries to remedy this situation by helping to settle his debt for gamblers named Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, the only reason why he is watching this movie). She finds out that Mike is actually a professional confidant when he almost becomes a victim of fraud, who immediately pulls out of her encounter. She is interested to come back to see him and ask him to show her how scammers work (he plans to use it as the subject of a new book on psychology). Then he drops to him and escorts him to the long horse that he and his coworkers have set up. I do not feel like getting into the details, but at the end of the movie it's revealed that the events of the whole movie were a complicated end from Mike and his buddies to cheat Margaret out of $ 80,000. <br /> <br /> First, the big turn to the end was very predictable. Any scene where the operators were acting was obvious that a scenic actor and a strange line read. And not only that the audience (and the main character) knows that they are dealing with horses, so is it really such a big surprise when we find that Margaret was condemned? Besides, Margaret is a supposedly intelligent psychologist who is a human reader, yet she allows her to be too bothered - and remember that she knows that Mike is an artist. <br /> <br /> Secondly, we are convinced that Margaret was being introduced from the start, but to work at last she had to do a few things that she could not pretend to do. First of all, she has to decide to help settle her patient's debt, which will allow her to meet her for the first time. If she did not, the whole horse would fail. I just have to say that it is quite unwise to assume that the psychologist will take it on himself to satisfy the debt of gambling patients. Not only that, but what are the chances that people would get to the right place at the very night when she decided to show up? Everyone just appeared in the bar every night and hoped to come and see them? Another thing that had to happen, but could not be predicted, was that Margaret must return to Mike again and ask him to learn her tricks in his business. What are the chances that will happen? And yet the whole con is based on this assumption. <br /> <br /> Another problem I had with the end. Margaret finds out she's been locked up, and she decides to avenge Mike. Initially, Mamet leads to the fact that he thinks he's coming to an end, but it's going through, so the end result is that Mike hit down into the luggage area. Somehow it felt like a clumsy and awkward way to end the movie about the fraudsters who trade. Not only that, but she did not even take back the money she stole from her. Finally, the film leaves you feeling empty and unfulfilled. And if you, like me, prematurely predicted that Margaret will be suppressed, you will find that this revelation is equally unsatisfactory.
