I was really looking forward to seeing this movie because it looked really promising for the upcoming attractions: Jim Carrey with the divine powers was an idea that definitely worked for me. As a huge fan, I was sure that his promising assumption would be the highest in his essence and what could be wrong? Yesterday my bubble broke down, boys and girls, because I saw the movie. The first act (where he is set to hate his life, he is a dissatisfied employee and a very unfortunate camel with an ax that sneaks against God) is usable, the second act (where God is called by the phone and accepts the Almighty powers) is great - Carrey she can have fun with her new "toys" and it's a pleasure to watch, really funny. The third act is unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The rot begins to enter the dinner scene between Bruce and his girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who is extraordinarily good on this film, even her name does NOT mean) - she thinks she's going to deny the question, but instead of telling her (on a bent knee, though) that he finally gets his novelty and it's not that exciting? <br /> <br /> He does not think he wants to get married with him, he sees it she can see it, although she still loves her very much, she sees it and the rest of the movie is spent when we're sweeping across the head with a pathetic one, I have another spiritual ringing, till the end I pray ... to end it. <br /> <br /> I did not remember the lack of subtlety in the first two acts (one example - in the second act, after gaining his powers, Bruce sings in the room "What if God was one of us, just crazy as one of us" , bla bla bla), and I was even willing to overwhelm (for opener, Morgan Freeman - a / k / and DEUS - says Bruce, does not break one's free will but does a lot). This choice was forgiven - it's Jim Carrey's comedy directed by Tom Shadyac - it's not the remnants of the day. <br /> <br /> Or rather it was OFFERED to be a comedy. When the screenwriters lose (in dreaded action 3) that they are trying to calm down the management to some kind of (gag) Message Movie, instead, it's a hell of a world. Bruce realizes the mistake of his selfish ways, realizing that GRACE is his salvation - it must say - mercy and that his life priorities were seriously wrong. All this could be transmitted in a much less difficult way. The film did not have to go to the dump to get these points. Unfortunately, the writers and Shadyac apparently had no idea how to solve this story in somewhat clever and light way, so they went to the bang-'em-over-the-heads' route in the hope that we would not notice it. Even they even seemed surprisingly unsuccessful, with the hope that it would reduce bad taste. It did not work for me.
