Jim Carrey is one of the most entertaining and talented comedians in the film today. With his hyperactive spontaneity and rubber face he can just go crazy and love him for it. He has the ability to make mediocre comedies (ala Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comic trips. Or, in the case of "Liar Liar", make them the most funny comedies around. Carrey has also managed to cope with the dramas. He was excellent both in "The Man on the Moon" and the "Truman Show". This guy is remarkable. Then comes "Bruce the Almighty," the ideal vehicle for Carrey, and the premise that should work; Carrey, when he complains about God and his sadness, is allowed by God's powers. However, the script is pure recycled waste. Well, no matter how bad the script is, Carrey's improvisation sometimes makes the unfortunate scene funny. The problem is that there are very few opportunities for Carrey to relax, because so many comedies rely on silly special effects, some of which are fun. Carrey is rarely able to improvise because he has to work on special effects. The writers seemed to think that all these special effects and the sequences of the superpowers are fun because the rest of the film is just a filler that gives Carrey nothing but working with, except the kneeling character that is totally humorous. It looks more like a five-year longing for our attention, the viewer wants to see what makes funny if it's really just annoying. I always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston on "Friends" and she was great last year "The Good Girl". She also has a comedy gift, but if the script is so linear, she's just a bit of a bitter girlfriend. It smacks like disgust, gruff and there is no chemistry between the two stars. Bruce Almighty should be a comedy that works. But he does not have the courage to solve the subject of fun; religion. Several tiny giggles (his internet is Yehweh), but instead just turned into a comedy comedy comedy. Not to mention that the tone changes from silly to heavy, and even black comedies at times. The movie fails almost at all levels. This does not mean that it is completely laughing, but it's close. Any film that feels the need to include scenes from a dog to get laughs has problems. But hey, if you come across funny jokes, go for it. <br /> <br />
