When I read the summary of the film, something like what happens when one gains the power of God and later learns that having supernatural powers requires great responsibility and strength, even though it was a smart and original concept. Casting was also promising, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How can a movie with a good idea and good actors, not to mention film directoring, be bad? He can. The idea is good, but the script and the story is terrible. Bruce Nolan is, I think, a frank, average journalist who does not have big stories (like a story of a huge cookie, what a faux pas and Niagara's report is a complete fiasco!), It's a man, OFFER (not a good journalist, a comedian) considering his potential, with a nice home, sweet sweet girlfriend and OH HORROR !!!! Dog that is not a house trained !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce begins to deal with GOd in "God, why do you hate me!" the average viewer must think, "Why, what's going on with your life, Bruce?" Bruce is not, and certainly not, a person with real problems in life. Most of the problems encountered are tiny and not really worth what they are doing, and some of them are just the result of his stupidity. Most people have really big problems, it's worth seeing, most people have more attention that Bruce, who does not seem too human, does not look realistic, too hideous and neurotic, but God still deals with him. Why? Though Morgan Freeman looks pretty like God, I can not help but ask what he does in this particularly bad movie. And what does Bruce do when God gives his powers? God in this film could so easily give his powers to a five-year-old boy, and there would hardly be anything to change. No, wait, a smart guy probably uses his divine power better than Bruce. What's Bruce doing? He pulls the Moon closer to the ground, creates a romantic atmosphere, splits the red soup, leads to the street a pretty woman on the street, answers the prayers by email and makes all of them meet !!!! More, Bruce, please! What Bruce really managed to end the world, but it will not happen in the movie because it's "a nice, family, small movie" and it does not make sense at all !!! It's not a hint of sarcasm, real humor, humor, the least dirty humor !!! Nothing. Just Carrey plays stupid, which starts to look pathetically on middle-aged actors. Aniston is underestimated here. He plays the pale, undeveloped figure of Bruce's girlfriend Grace and remains completely forgotten in this film. No one in the right mind would believe that there is any chemistry between the two. When Grace says prayer for Bruce, it sounds not only poor and pathetic, but totally false. These two are not intended to be common. I'd give three stars, but I doubt the film deserves one. Bad script, lame dialogues, lack of real humor, humor, and any sophistication, as well as the untreated characters and the undervalued roles of Freeman and Aniston, the total absence of boldness and sarcasm, all make the movie hardly worthwhile. But all right, there were some fun moments and Freeman is always seen in every movie, so he leaves three stars.
