I took it out and watched it tonight. I honestly think it's the 20 years I've ever seen. I remember it's a really bad movie. I do not remember that it would be bad !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Who am I guilty of this? Two guys who wrote (and I use this word freely) a script? Cast directors who so abusively abuse at least 3 main characters in the story? (Only two of them are between "incredible 5"). Director who clearly refused to take it seriously, and constantly throwing terrible music for bad writing and bad acting everywhere? (I liked the thematic song - but it should never be used throughout the movie!) Don Black, who should be ASHAMED on some of the texts he wrote for this music? <br /> <br /> I say I omit it less than a week after reading the comic adaptation again. The first 15-20 minutes movie more-or-less (really, less) parallel the first comic number. As I saw it today, I wondered - why did every detail change? The doctor appeared, then using the remote control of the watch to open the vault and the shotgun missed him 5 inches, because the refractive glass was just that they remained the same. I mean, if you make an "adaptation," why will ALL change in God's name? <br /> <br /> When he leaves Doc, he's almost nothing like a Roy Thomas comic book, in my opinion he's probably following a book.) I read somewhere that in fact two different novels slipped into two films. Again ... WHY? I heard that it was changed because they were not able to secure the budget they wanted. I look at the film and wonder ... CANCELLATION OF MONEY IN NO WAY explains what I saw on the screen! You know when people complain about Joel Schumacher they should look at this thing. The best thing I can say is that this would be a great double feature with 1966 BATMAN - and probably a great triple account with this and FLASH GORDON from 1980. All three movies are "stupid". Maybe we can "blame" the film from 1966 (and television series) for it. Some fans over the years have complained that BATMAN from Adam West has destroyed the image of comics in the minds of generations of comedic fans. I think the same thing can be said for Hollywood. I remember how many really, really dirty movies based on "classic" characters have happened over the years, especially (I seem to) in the late 1970s and 1980s. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, The Lone Ranger - all "murdered" by Hollywood guys who think, "Oh, a comic! So you know it's STUPID!" Rather like "stupid". What is the loss of potential. Let me tell you some good things ... Through script and direction, Ron Ely is great. When I read the story of DOC SAVAGE, I do not think of James Bamy's paintings, I think of Ely. Bill Lucking (who was later regular at A-TEAM) is amazing. Eldon Quick (which I've seen somewhere else but I can not remember) is amazing. Paul Gleason - who I am enthusiastic and revenge in a Guided Club ("teachers" like the one he was playing should be banned at any time) may be the best of the "amazing 5" in the movie. Pamela Hensley - though her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story - is amazing. Before I left my hair down, I realized it looked like HELL much like "Ardala Valmar" from those creepy bands John Calkins BUCK ROGERS I just read the next day. He has a big nose like Ardala - just so clearly. Comedy Ardala actually looked more like a 1936 Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take it. (Ardala actually got a plastic surgery in the bands of George Tusk - after that was great!) Paul Wexler, funny, I only saw last week in the episode GET SMART. I wonder if it's like a character he was supposed to play? I do not know because this character was certainly not in the movie from which the film originated.
