When Ben (Red Foxx) finds out that his wife Beatrice (Pearl Bailey) has run away with her own brother, she falls to her son Norman (Michael Warren) to interpret her story about the pain - just because Norman has secret lovers. Bennett). It does not seem like Ben did not do well. Then there are numerous complications - including Ben's attempt to get Norman to be homosexual by putting him on a hook (Tammy Dobson). Unfortunately, this movie description sounds more fun than the movie itself. <br /> <br /> Originally written for Ron Clark and Sam Bobrick, NORMAN ... Is It You? was an absolute disaster in New York. In order for the game to get okay, I saw that community theater production was being introduced in the 1970s-and while nobody would have warned it was anything but a shallow farce, the cast played so broadly and in the way that it turned out to be quite fun. It is a shame that the cast of this film did not do the same. <br /> <br /> This is a horrificly filmed movie. Red Foxx, one of the most fun comedians of the 20th century, is as humorous as yesterday's wash, Michael Warren (who later appeared on the HILL STREET BLUES TV series with a much better effect) competes with Foxx to see who can give the worst performance and Pearl Bailey is not far behind; the truth is said only by Dennis Duggan, Tammy Dobson, and cameo Wayland Flowers have some spark - and sadly, that's just compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie wrong, it looks wrong. According to the film, it was the first movie campaign to be filmed in a videotape that was transferred to celluloid for the purpose of the project - and believe me, it shows. The film looks like a bad 70th century right on a painted panorama seen through Norman's and Garson's flats. Some movies are so bad they're fun, but NORMAN ... IS YOU? is not one of them. I can summarize my reaction to this film in two words: to miss. Do not buy it, do not lend it, do not touch the ten feet. Just back slowly and then run like hell. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
