There is nothing amazing about "The Amazing Mr. Williams". Part of the problem of this film is his main actor Melvyn Douglas. He was a miserable actor and lazy. For most of his career he has allowed his modest appearance, his glib way and (but not usually in this film) some modest scenarios to compensate for his lack of acting abilities. I did not trust Douglas as an actor before I knew anything about him as a man; I learned enough about him to know that I, too, despise his policy. I gave Melvyn Douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes produce an incredibly talented and sexy actress Illean Douglas. Melvyn Douglas made this movie right after the great "Ninotchce" ... talk about bankruptcy! "Wonderful Mr. Williams" is supposedly a comedy, but I never smiled. Douglas plays a black hat detective about a murderous unit named Kenny Williams. I've never heard of a police detective named Kenny, but if they call him Kenneth Williams ... well, what's the plumage? The whole city is in panic because it is a serial killer and kills women. There is no motive for this purpose; just like killing women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale, better than usual) will call William on the rug to explain that he could not catch the killer. <br /> <br /> SPOILS RECEIVE. Cheap, vulgar, unabashed and uninteresting Joan Blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (Not literate enough to give a letter, much less of the type 1. Blondell and Douglas are arguing like a cat and a dog, so it's obviously coming to a close. <br /> <br /> At this lowest point of the film, Melvyn Douglas decides "Williams Powell was an actor who was very similar to Melvyn Douglas (but much more talented) than he did, When Powell disguised as a woman in "crazy love," he was honest enough to slip his mustache: a real sacrifice because Powell needed her to grow again for her next role, but Melvyn Douglas did not bring anything in her role in this movie, He plays his scenes with the same unpleasant smirk he has been using throughout his career. On the plus side, "Amazing Mr Williams" has some of the great supportive who made the Hollywood films of the 1930s so beautiful Edward Brophy is great here, touches and is funny like a criminal who does not expect him to be imprisoned. Adult Donald MacBride is all right as a policeman who mistakenly deals with the killer and is almost lynched by the crowd. Ruth Donnelly is great: as usual, but here he has the opportunity to show his talents outside of the usual ornate of Warner Brothers. Jimmy Conlin, Luis Alberni and the grin Dave Willock are all right in small roles. Barbara Pepper (to which I mostly do not like) is also good here. The rough unpleasant Maude Eburne gets some time on the screen; I have always been angry with her and she gives the same performance in all the movies ... but some viewers enjoy Eburney's clear performance a lot, for reasons I can not understand. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with Hollywood characters from the 1930s and the role they tended to play, one look at the IMDb cast list tells you who is a killer. This is a problem with "The Amazing Mr. Wiliams": everything is too obvious. Rate this movie 2 points out of 10.
