Even if you are a huge fan of Sandler, do not bother with this very unsatisfactory comedy! I bought this movie for $ 7.99 provided she must be at least decent from the time my Sandler is, and because I assumed that some women would become naked (judging by R rating and poorly dressed women on the envelope) . Well, there are quite a few boldly dressed women, but nobody is naked. I'm not sure what it was in Sandler's career, but I think it was before his SNL days. I can be wrong. It's like watching one of his home movies. He could go back to a similar movie and remember good times ... but we (the audience) let us dry. That's barely a "movie"! Sandler talks a lot about the camera and even admits it's a "budget-free" movie (that's true, not a low-budget movie, budget-free movies). So our work is pretty laugh at special expressions. There is no stable conspiracy, it's like a widespread comic show scene - but rough and badly written. The guy who played the ugly comedian was totally unpleasant and it was in the first place unlikely to get such a mass audience. And Sandler finds comic inspiration by telling one classical Henna Youngman line: "Take my wife, please," and the audience is on the floor? I will not even try to make a logic. Of course, Sandler's current and recent movies are not known to make a big point (Penguin in "Billy Madison", a banner in "Happy Gilmore's" Happy Place), but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur work and even if you are curious about Adam's early days in the movie - you will not be interested. You prefer to start a SNL or maybe its undervalued role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, Sandman is not the only actor to be killed in this ungrateful vehicle. Billy Bob Thornton also looks briefly, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a supportive role and great Burt Young (from "Rocky" films) has an important role. <br /> <br /> This terrible comedy will most likely collect dust for 99 cents of rent in the local video store - rightly so. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
