Hollywood has now officially gone too far, and I really hope that this movie travesty will create a real response to her bullshit, even though a good cashier returns. If you are an industrial person who reads our comments and is looking for advice on what to do next, STOP. Stop our TV shows in these repellent, stupid, money laundering movies. In this way, you prove one thing: Hollywood is out of ideas and see the movies that spit, just keeps a cycle of disgust. What's Next - Are You Going & Destroy The Bionic Man? The film is simply bad and can get the deepest, simple fact of the show totally incorrect by forgetting (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat and John Schneider Bo & Luke Duke were * REFORMED * moonshiners. They were abolished, they learned their lesson, they went straight and they were there to help people and were good neighbors who were just firing the arrows from the dynamite hook from the hunting bows and driving like Steve McQueen. The journalist, Pyle's uncle Jessie was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the boys do good, even at their own expense or embarrassment, while he was making sandwiches and coffee when the work was done. They always did the right thing and they wore some serious naivety that was quite tempting. We wanted them more resembling than we were, sorta. My most favorite trick in the show was how they were wearing seat belts before they were flushed, which was probably too moral for this movie. The transformation of Duke's family into a pack of stupidity, stupidity, criminal mind, knight baits, misogynistic defeated film has no moral attitude to show how honest or inviolable the dukes are - The Duke boys in this film are used to looking good guys ? I wanted to carry them in my nose. They seem to have plenty of free time on their hands that can be spent on farm work and eventually track less than noble ends unless they look like a couple of 14-year-old boys who did not grow up. There should be no marijuana, no gawking on the buxom, no furry fur and their breasts, no shenanigans involving the daughters in da Hood. Everything looks like the job of a marketing consultant who carried out a shopping mall survey that 14-year-old boys like to see in movies. The problem is that 14-year-old boys can not remember this show at all, IMHO should not see this movie, or parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted with what writers, director and producers have done to our shared memories just to divide us from of our money, which is exactly what I feel. What did they think? And the guy with * EVER * got Daisy wrong. Jessica Simpson with all Pamela Anderson girl mall can be the only reason anyone could see this shame, but you can satisfy your needs only by downloading some of the advertising photos, printing them and attaching them to the wall in the toilet. Hardly in the movie (it's just a rescue mile at all), and ten minutes when it was used, it was still excessive. Catherine Bach's Daisy may have had the same shorts and long legs that make people look at her, but the Daisy she played was * PERSON *. Pratfalls she caused because it was just who had a near-natural ring. She remains one of the most outrageously sexy pop culture icons ever created, but there was someone at home. And most of all, she was a sweet, caring person who could not help her if the boys crossed Ga Ga. On the contrary, Jessica Simpson seems to be fake, imagined, formed, dressed, up, bored, out of place, and I do not even think she looks so cool in her clothes. He does not look like a person, but a conspiratorial device, conjured up by someone who represents his agent. Mrs. Simpson would be advised to burn this person immediately and pretend that the whole thing never happened. Whether it's any joke, it's not a matter of being exploited for T & A. If it's all that she wants from her career, the executive producer goes on to just get enough time on the screen at least because that effort was just pathetic. The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the price of two tickets and Slurpee, you can go to one of Warner Bros. excellent cassette collections of original DVD shows, and the whole family can watch them together. That's why it worked. The only real purpose I see in the film may be its future use as an interrogation tool in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes of it & the choir sings. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I think so. And stay out of the bionic man, you schnooks.
