In the county of Hazzard in Georgia, cousins, Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville), and their cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson), created by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) and escaping to the Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds) local office, live in Georgia. Their trouble with the boss begins only when they learn that they are trying to exonerate the city for the valuable ores found beneath it. I have never seen a TV show, and after watching the movie I will not get started soon. I like silly comedies, but there's a lot of laughter to offer. It was a pretty boring shot when the first hour was really hard. The second part was a bit better, but this film was still a missed opportunity. The film focused on Bo and Luke too. The characters were generally not very interesting, and the actors who portray them did not do a good job. The game was not very good. I did not expect it to be good first of all, but none of them was fun. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both perform below average. The other was pretty good like Stifler, but he's trying too hard here. The other seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known for her acting, nor is she really known for her singing. She is famous for having her own reality show and saying really stupid things. She's pretty, but she's a weak actress. It does not matter because it really does not appear in the movie and the character she's playing is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a small role and does nothing special. The screenplay was written by John O'Brien, and two stars were made by two Hazzard stars. The first was Cradle to the Grave, which was fine. The other was Starsky and Hutch, which was quite funny. Here is not much to do because the story is a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and some other things that could make this movie work better. The film is also long for comedy. Well, 106 minutes is not too long, but it feels much longer because there is very little humor in the first hour. I think the comedy should be short, otherwise it would have to find a lot of material to cover the whole run. The dukes of Hazzard hardly have enough funny gags to last for thirty minutes, let alone 106 minutes. Vehicle sequences were average and did not capture a problem film anymore. Eventually, the Duchess of Hazzard can invite a few people, but most people will probably find it boring and it's better if you just skip it. Rating 4/10
