Sometime in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce brand new genre series Ninja Turtles. Of course I'm a fan of TMNT a day, of course, it culminated in my interest. So when I started watching the show ... telling me that I was disappointed with the end result is the underestimation. Some time later (like last time) I got the chance to see the series again. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about some positive ones. They managed to recreate the turtles because it was the last time to see them in the films quite well, given the limited budget that fits it. There is a tendency to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of files and what not. And the tortoises suit, though not the greatest piece of puppetry and whatever, were functional and looked quite robust for most of the action items that would follow in the series. People tend to complain about getting rid of the Shredder quickly and replacing him with the original villains who could easily be used in the Power Rangers show. But you can have Shredder just so many times before he gets bored and undermines his worth as a villain ... and besides, most fans do not realize or remember or just ignore the fact that in the original comedy, Shredder was released in the first edition! It does not matter to the countless resurrections that would follow. So, from a personal point of view, I was glad to get rid of Shredder, because the expectation would build up until it eventually brought him back to a later episode. I have found that Shredder works best in small numbers, because then his encounter with the turtles is even more memorable. Unfortunately, they end up replacing them with those original villains who, as they said, seemed more suitable for the Power Rangers show than the Ninja Turtles show. And thanks to these new magical generations, there is a new female magical turtle, the infamous Venus De Milo. I will be honest; I never allowed her to. I am not against the idea of ​​female turtles; I'm just against the idea of ​​whoever uses the spell, and it's like flying out of the clan of ninja turtles that somehow get out of their domain. I almost have the impression that it was easy to introduce Venus De Milo dealing with her unbelieving enemies and TMNT are just there to provide stellar power (or what was left to take into account the time frame that was released). Luckily everyone shares the spotlight together. Other Mutation was preserved after the season in the air and the creators were delighted to ignore it. Given the time and perhaps the next season, I really believe this TMNT live iteration could be something, and it could have a chance of magnificence. But while the idea was healthy, the execution was flawed (although there are some good episodes in this series). At present, another mutation is one of those peculiarities in Turtledom, which is best left to be buried and forgotten.
