Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, "The 1909 Dawn of Modern Medical Science" to be accurate. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of rejuvenating his experiments with living tissues, Dr. Hackenstein can bring back skin to his skin, confirming that he has managed to return the dead back to life ... It's now "Three Years later "and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is around the doctor's house for dinner. As Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein is eating, talking about Hackenstien's experiments that Dean Slesinger has always disagreed, Dr. Hackenstein shows that his Dean Slesinger works in the attic where he keeps the chopped head of his wife, Shelyi (Sylvie Lee Baker), who died in an unfortunate "accident" and can telepathically speak with him (Christy Botkin gives Sheila a voice apparently). Dr. Hackenstein also reveals that Dean Slesinger is a cage in the cage, and explains that with the process he has developed he will bring Sheila back to life. The Dean has a bout and apparently dies. Meanwhile, he is neighboring Hackenstein's neighbors Wendy (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) plus their brother Alex (Alex Alexis) and their cousin Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) seeking refuge and help and coming to Hackenstein's doorstep. Dr. Hackenstein invites four stranded travelers to stay for the night. Later Dr. Hackenstein visits two grave thieves, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey) who deliver a male body when Hackenstein actually needs women for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein is a genius that he decides not to lose the opportunity to have three young beautiful copies available and begins to "borrow" the pieces of "n" pieces he needs to complete Sheila ... <br /> <br /> Richard's Screenplay and Direction Clarka Dr. Hackenstein was pleasantly surprised to show that it was not amazing right now, but what I really did was I liked. It moves at a reasonable pace, although it tends to drag a little while in the middle of how things settle down. The script attempts to mix the humor as a scene when Dr. Hackenstein tries to calm down Melanie and tries to get the attention of her deaf housewife Yoland Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by kicking and Hackenstein keeps Melanie behind Yoland's back that seems to have noticed what going with gore, but I would say Dr. Hackenstein is more a comedy than a horror in concept and feeling all along. There are also some cheap hits and sexual cues, which are always good for laughs. Hackenstein Wendy "would like to see my tools" as an example. I also thought that Mrs. Trilling (Phyllis Deller) announces that her missing daughter is confused by detective Olin (William Schreiner), was quite a fun sequence in the circle talking about why she is not looking for it, even if it was just told why the cell he does not have a prisoner, and if he does not find cousins, he does not care. None of that is sad, but I have to admit that I found myself smiling and making the film as a whole to be quietly fun. There are not many gore on the screen, a few cut limbs, Sheila's decapitated head, some medical stitching and those skinned animals that are definitely fake by the way. I also liked the characters in Dr. Hackenstein, which was a surprise in itself. Actor is not brilliant, but he gave everyone a little effort, a lot of exaggerated movements on his face, and some serious exaggeration means he's never boring, and three birds in dr. Hackenstein is all right if you know what I mean. From a technical point of view, the film is also OK, there are no Oscars again, but I have to give filmmakers at least some merit in trying to pull the twists and turns of the century. Not always it works, clothes are sometimes inconsistent, girls look like theirs from Victorian England, while the guys look like theirs from the west. The house looks as though all the filmmakers have done, removed a modern object from their room and kept a couple of candles there! It looks a bit on the cheap side, but in fact it's not a bad looking movie ever considering it. It could have been without comedy music. Overall I ended up with Dr. Hackenstein much more than I thought it was not a recommendation in itself. It's definitely not the best comedy horror movie ever made, and it's definitely not the worst. Traceable enough harmless fun.
