Apparently there is a very good reason why I have never heard of Dr. Hackenstein before me, and a couple of friends came across him and foolishly decided to give him a chance. The reason is: it's angry! It's a very futile, boring, silly and totally unforgettable horror comedy / parody. To be honest, I'm not sure if it's a comedy, because sometimes the script gets quite serious and really tries to be a really ambitious and original horror effort in the late 1980s. In 1909, at the dawn of the new era of medical science under the initial sequences, Doctor Elliot Hackenstein needs exactly three women? nothing more, nothing less? to restore his beloved wife, which he accidentally killed. Only now is the living head, but the silly body of the defeated provides only male corpses. So when Dr. Hackenstein yells, "I need three female bodies to return my wife," his words are not cold, and there are only three young women (and one really annoying nerdy) on the threshold. Why will not it ever happen to me? "I need a lot of sexy sensual women to fill my empty harem!" ??? You see, nothing! By the way, a good Doctor sees that his wish was fulfilled, but unfortunately? for science that is? develops sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a lame film that tries to make the success of the "Re-animator" and even stealthily steal some of the comic aspects of this classic, like a broken head that speaks one layer. It's easy to understand why this movie has never been mentioned anywhere, since it does not concern fans of the horror genre or comedy. The most entertaining figure is undoubtedly the loud-talking Ruby tomb; carved by Anne Ramsey's anchestra. The 80 heroes of horror will surely remind Wes Craven's "Death Friend", staring at an upset old neighboring harbor that gets out of a basketball head. "Dr. Hackenstein" allegedly takes place in early 1900, but almost no attempts to re-create the atmosphere of that time (except for some cars). Dr. Laboratory Hackenstein is quite a cliché of 80 pieces, with all kinds of smoke boilers and tubes full of fluorescent colors.
