1963 "The Haunting" has been one of my favorite horror movies for years, so I expected this remake to be released in 1999 with great pain. It barely seemed that any tracking could exceed or even equal the original piece. Unfortunately, my fears were justified: this movie is stinking. I do not know what people think of this film. Jan De Bont, who seemed to have a fluke when driving a superb "Speed", is badly here (or perhaps even worse), just like the very polite "Twister" and "Speed ​​2: Cruise Control". "Hey Jan, stay on cinema?" Liam Neeson is adequate in his role as a physician who pretends to be a sleeping psychologist, I do not think he is able to turn to a really poor performance, but he can not save a chrome script and a weak story. Zeta Jones proves again (as in "The Miracle") that she lacks the ability to play over the material she handles to her. The female leader who has grown up wonderfully in the episode "The X Files Files" looks like Eleanor, insomnia and the blonde, whoever it is, is more wooden than sadly strange statues of children carved into a wood-based house, and I do not think the expression will ever change throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS AHEAD ) The reason why the first movie worked so well is that we were not sure if the house was really scary, or whether the speeches were the result of the uncertain mental state of Eleanor. the original are not really seeing any moods that would leave fantasy - the hallmark of other great horror films such as The Changeling and The Blair Witch Project. In this updated version, of course, we get a lot of CGI ghosts, which basically (in the face of a weak script / plot) make the movie absolutely unhealthy. F / x are not so great, given that ILM has been done. Frozen breathing looks particularly fake. The effects in Peter Jackson's underrated movie "The Frighteners," which I saw just before this, were much better. The wood carving of children, who have to look scary, looks stupid (especially when screaming) and CGI monsters have nothing to write home. Rather than providing relief from bad behavior, bad direction and bad writing, the effects just add to this mess of the movie. Some particularly silly scenes: When three other characters penetrate into Eleanor's bedroom, none of them seem surprised to find a giant dawn floating above the bed. The scene where Eleanor "sees" a former lady hanging on the rafters ... acting is particularly bad. And last but not least, the inadvertently cheerful piece, when a wooden blonde screams an uninformed scream of what anxiety is about, jumps on a piece of furniture and begins to reflect from the image of an old evil guy who built the house. There was some satisfaction in this scene, a few seconds after his attack, Blond Guy is attracted to the fireplace by the ghost of an old guy and immediately takes his head off the smoke. It was the only part of the movie I enjoyed. <br /> <br /> In short, stick to the 1963 original "The Haunting." 3/10 stars.
