Somewhere in his fictional book DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King suggests that one of the secrets of writing scary stories is to avoid showing your readers exactly what a terrible thing they are waiting for at the door to get them. If the door finally opened and there was a 10-foot tall error, the reader might be a bit frightened, but he also thinks, "Well, I'm dealing with it, at least it's not high." There's nothing scarier than lurking and unknown, just on the other side of the tightly closed door, waiting to get you. HAUNTING is so totally wrong that director Jan De Bont, more or less, begins his film metaphorically by throwing out that he himself opens the door and yells, "Look, everyone, look! It's a ten-foot tall error, the Law of Declining Returns is coming in. By the end of the film, the director almost jumps up and down, foolishly shaking CGI pots and pans and screaming shriekingly, "Look, everyone, look! ten seven insects! ... Now come a hundred thousand tall beetles! "The filmmakers obviously believed that the special effects themselves can compensate for all the other shortcomings in this effort (and there are many), they can not and do not have it, really impressive as such are special effects so urgent and unobtrusive that the scattered viewer looks at them - it's already admiration or inconvenience - instead of immersing yourself in the story. <br /> <br /> For me, it is the ultimate stupidity of movies when a statue of "blood" that falls out of the mouth tries to drown Liam Neeson (like Dr. Marrow) in the canyon, filmmakers apparently did not know what to do with this supposed idea once they had them, so they only have Neeson thrash around in the water a little, flailing hands and go glug-glug. has apparently dried up and bum, forgot all the unpleasant incident. Shirley Jackson's novel seems to have been sad in this ridiculous script in the committee of low IQ teenage stoners, who thought that the way to scare people was to make every effect bigger and louder: "Okay, another, let's do the ceiling, you know, looks like a scary face and, uh, her ... and all the dirty things as if they were catching her in bed. "The only economical grace is that it will eventually become so terrible that it's really funny. At a time when Owen Wilson (like Luke Sanderson) fell to the floor and then went to his" Magic-Carpet Ride O 'Death " he collapsed on the floor himself and laughed. Grotesquely heavy, totally unbelievable and full of clumsy dialogue and purposeless scenes, this empty environment is a textbook example of NOT making a horror movie.
