The Haunting, if you've seen the original, you know the great ghost story, it's perfection in the movie. It's a haunted story of four people walking in a haunted house and with a simple trick of sounds and movements, it scared people. It still remains effective until today if you appreciate the film. So when The Haunting was reworked in 1999, a lot of people had the same reaction: "What? Why?" But in my opinion, if the remake is pretty respectable and just wants to make up the story for the newer generation, I'm pretty pretty. That's certainly not the point, is it just an unreal, boring shame that loses your time and I guarantee it will not do any worries? pfft! PG-13, what do they think? While her mother dies and her sister sends her, Nell receives a phone call and tells her about an ad about the study of insomnia conducted by Dr. David Marrow in Hill House, a detached manor. On arrival, Nell will meet Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of guardians who will not remain in the dark after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other study participants, Wild Theo and Luke Sanderson, along with Dr. Marrow, arrive. Unknown to participants, Dr. Marrow's true goal is to study psychological response to fear. Every night, the porter returns the gate behind Hill House and prevents anyone from getting in or out until the morning when the porter opens the lock. There are no working phones in the Hill House, and the nearest town is a few miles away. Doctor Mraz uses the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built a house for his wife, hoping to fill him with a large family full of children, but all Crain's children died during their birth. Crain's wife had been killed before the house was completed, and Crain became deserted. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience a strange phenomenon inside the house, including strange sounds and unexplained temperature changes. Nell is confronted with the fact that the main corridor is vandalized by the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor" and becomes extremely disturbed to prove that the house is being persecuted by the souls of those accused of Crain's cruelty. He learns that Crain has built up his wealth by using abducted children for slave labor and killing them when they have not helped him. Then he burned the bodies in the fireplace to cover the evidence. She also learns that Crain has a second wife called Carolyn from which Nell comes. Everyone thinks he's crazy, while Nell is convinced that it's where he belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest that you stick to this movie, it's really stupid and useless. Not to mention the actor played by Nell, Lili Taylor was upsetting me, her performance, her look, everything about her, not letting me start on things I would do to see her again in the movie. Catherine Zeta Jones does not like her too, and Liam Neeson, a wonderful actor, is losing talent. The effects are over the top and too computer, I just can not believe they would destroy this crude crazy classics. Believe me, if you're afraid of anything, do not be afraid to see how you can make a big story of ghosts into an unpleasant piece of exaggerated stupidity? Oh, this movie is hurting me, I just can not see it, it's bad. 1/10
