For everyone who saw and fell in love with the A CHORUS LINE musical, the film is a dirty replacement. Not only are the songs composed, they add unnecessary conspiracy, the new dance sequences are choreographed, and Richard Attenborough simply does not know how to make dancers. Michael Bennett and CHORUS LINE were: Michael Bennett. His idea, choreography, direction, gift on Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours of hard, realistic face that really felt these "boys" and "girls." The film, however, lacks empathy and depth: actors look as if they were looking at CHORUS LINE rather than bankruptcy. Every step, every line of dialogue seems to be so respected and planned; Michael Douglas in particular, because Zach is too much in control to believe he is an extremely horrified choreographer. Even if you throw your temperamental bouts, you never trust him, because every gesture, every accentuated word, every nuance is so obviously tested. And as for him not a dance: Kevin Kline tried for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved reading, but Kline could not dance and eventually lost part. How I wish they did the same for Douglas! CHORUS LINE is supposed to be a show of nobodies and alongside several recognizable faces (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander of TV NewsRadio as one of the many competing dancers), you should not have known any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in one of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and his wounded place instead of girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br /> (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) is drastically cut to make room for a new terrifying song called "Surprise, Surprise" that surprisingly won an Oscar nomination. Cassie's "Mirror Dance" has a new song and a tragically boring choreography - one wonders why they bothered to shoot the film version at all if they got to work with the formula. <br /> <br /> For fans of musical theater and those who enjoyed the stage version, this film is a sad mockery of what they loved and loved. For those who have never seen their original production, whether on Broadway or on a tour, this film is the only link to which they will have to go. And they will have to be interested in how long it is the longest running musical in Broadway history until at the end of the 90's it has overcome a small show called CATS. But that's another story, and do not even start me.
