Broadway's musical "A Chorus Line" is probably the best musical in the theater. This is the experience of people who live for dancing; the joy they experience, and the sacrifices they make. Every dancer sells for parts in the Broadway Choir, yet he tells each story about how their life has led them to find dance as a rest. The film version, however, does not capture any passion or beauty of the scene and is probably the worst film adaptation of a Broadway musician because he is lifeless and has no affection for dancing at all. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake was that the director was Sir Richard Attenborough, whose direction offered the right touch and "Gandhi". Why would anyone in his right mind ask an epic director to drive a musician who is playing in a relatively narrow place? Which brings us to another problem. Stage "Chorus Line" takes place in the theater without real files and limited costume changes. It's the smallest crazy musical in Broadway and its simplicity was his glory. However, it does not work well in the movie and no one really thought it. For this reason, the film should take us into the lives of these dancers and leave the theater and bankruptcy process. Singers could offer their songs in other environments and even offer their glasses their first ballet, jazz or cocks. Hell, they could dance to Broadway in their vivid imagination. However, not a single piece of fantasy came into making this film because Attenborough is a complete indifference to dance, and the show itself is obvious in its absurd direction. Many scenes are totally uncomfortable as the dancers tell the story to the director (Michael Douglas) whether he wants to hear them or not. Douglas's character is magnificent when it comes to choosing who spreads a sympathetic ear and who has no patience. <br /> <br /> While the filmmakers pretended to be the true nature of the game, there were some heresy changes. The very beautiful "Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love" - ​​the strange number of spectators taking the dancers back into adolescence - was removed and replaced by the terrifying "Surprise," a song so bad that she was nominated for Oscar. Adding insult to the wound, "surprise" simply repeated the same story as "Hello love," but no joke or pathos. There is no reason to see this movie if you do not want a lesson in what NOT to do when Broadway shows the movie. If you want to see the movie version of this show, the next closest thing is the brilliant film "All That Jazz" by Bob Fosse. While Fosse's daughter is in "A Chorus Line", he is Fosse who should be involved as a director. He would know what to do with this material, which deserves much more respect than this sad effort.
