I'm not a purist scene. The movie could be made from this game, and it would almost necessarily change ... comme ci, comme ca. But the modest conceit of this material is lost or misunderstood by movie makers who are in full mode of "shallow blockade". It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner could destroy it in the same way as Attenborough. <br /> <br /> On the A Chorus line, the triumph of the workshop was a way of production. The dancers who answered the call found that they were sitting around the crap about their career experiences (up to 70 years!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took some time, handed a song and threw them like themselves. ...astonishing! Unbelievably modern. The "story" of the ACL is (on the other hand) about answering the call on the playing area, which we do not have a complete perspective because the game does not matter. It was meta before the idea was invented 25 years before she had adapted to such an idea. ACL was also the second in a reductivist trend that is still alive, and which is a characteristic feature of modern creativity: this technique itself is convincing ... that in the life of the average person there is more drama than if you could synthesize with the invented characters. What a merciful idea. Stage play had one powerful area (empty stage) and three different ways to change the background, to reduce visual effort, not to keep viewers scattered. Space is receding and actors' stories are being watched. It worked well. That was the reason. All these thoughts are trampled or bastarded. In the end, there were no single or even costumes until the dancers came to their last bows, in which the exciting "One" eventually, strongly, presented themselves in full (golden) top hats, and we could see the movement as we watched them in practice. The captured anxiety of the game is relaxed - and the audience was about nuts. <br /> <br /> After Gramp's control, it's like a falling, strangled bird. It is clear that the former, respected All That Jazz (and Fosse is a scenic piece of Dancin ') thinks when making his choices. Hamlisch's score was nervous and interesting because it was time, but time was not kind to it. It's like schmaltzy like "jazz hands". And that's before Attenborough touched. It is remarkable to find out what was good and to spoil him. <br /> <br /> A simple question could have helped Attenborough in filming this movie: "Could I spend a few minutes with such people?" The main problem with any adaptation of the game is how to deal with the 4th theater wall in the film format (the key to its absence in the theater). There has never been a "front" game. The answer they came was, "I'm sorry ... what was the question?" The cast was expanded from a multitude of masterpieces of unique stories, a crowd that choked between himself and the audience and mixed them with grates. I was far beyond my annoying threshold when the annoying little runt was rocking on the rope and kneeling at the (absent) audience. The game has brought together theatrical people. This movie just wants you to strangle them. Perhaps Broadway's unpleasant trend of personalities who went straight to the scenic center and sang their stories at the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of here. But the worst imaginable revival of the game will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> <br /> The Chorus Line is a clean shit.
