On Broadway, Chorus was pure magic. Since the second exhibition opened with a spectacular explosion of energy on a really great final, the joyous hangover of all the members of the choir we loved during the show, we were totally engaged - fascinated by personal stories, some funny, some clever, some mixing of this line of the choir . The film is completely different. Emphasis is now on the director - and what is ugly! Each time the film moves to Michael Douglas, there is a bitter, sour expression, barking questions and orders, screaming and screaming whenever he gets a chance. Yikes !! This changes the dynamics of the story. On Broadway, the director was truly a grand presence behind the scenes, but he was also a theatrical device that made stories of these amazing strong / fragile / interesting / merry members of the choral lines narrated with clarity and clarity. That's why Pulitzer won this job! And at one of the momentary moments, the director appears to be there to please the young Puerto Rican dancer after we heard that the dancer is a heart-breaking story. It appears again that he finally expressed his true affection for Cassie. But in the film, from the second director Douglas, he begins to bitterly bark orders, the stories of the church members become secondary. It's as if they were in a miserable profession, where a crazy director, instead of showing the joy of creating new exciting theatrical performances, is exhausted, exhausted, furious that he had to compete with the members of the choir. On the stage, the show was always excited. Here in the movie practically from the word go, you are sorry for all the participants. During the musical performance we desperately wished each of the members of the church well and how happy we were if we all got the job! But of course it could not have happened. But in the final, when everyone returned to a beautiful costume with amazing spinning mirrors on stage, they sometimes reflect us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know that even in the hearts of all the members of the choir, both received and rejected, they were always dancing on stage in the profession they loved so much, bringing magic to the theater. In the movie, after all the bad story lines and emphasis, this spell is completely diluted. Everything we feel about (even with exactly the same curtain) is that some members have worked with the director. So everyone comes to the screen and dances again. Big deal.
