For those who have never seen CHORUS LINE on stage and their only story was this movie, this movie is fine as movie musicals, nothing special, just OK. I have seen the show on Broadway 4 times and even appeared on a tour of the show once and for someone who has largely memorized the original production, the 1985 film version is so terrible on so many levels that I do not even know where to start. First of all, for those who have never played the theatrical production, let me assure you that when you appear for a play on a bankruptcy, the director, the producer and the choreographer are never interested in personal questions and do not bother about why you wanted to stand with the artist. A real theater audition, whether it be a game or a musical instrument, seldom takes more than five minutes. If you're passing like a dancer, you get one 64-bar dance combination once you make it, and then decide immediately whether you're out or out. The original concept of Michael Bennett's show had to rest in the life of dancers and represent unknown passions for performance and why so many casualties so little. The game is about these dancers. At first, director Richard Attenborough took so much attention from the dancers by amplifying Cassie / Zach's relationship and casting Michael Douglas as Zach. You will never see Zach in the game ... it's just a voice in the back of the theater and its relationship with Cassius is hardly affected. Cassie showed up in the cabin in operation and tried to go bankrupt and talk to Larry (a character not in the game), everything was added to the film and took so much attention to the story. Major music numbers were cut or re-evaluated. The opening number in "I Hope I Get It" shows that all dancers make a combination of jazz and ballet and then people are eliminated. In the movie, three hundred dancers welcome the scene and show them in detail to hide the fact that they have cast people who can not dance (you can call "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love", a brilliant vocal exploration of these children's dance memories has been reworked as a "surprise, surprise" mainly for the late Gregg Burge as Richie. The most popular song, "What am I for Love," which was a touching allegory in the show, sung by the whole show of what gave up dancing, is just another standard love songe in a movie that tired of tired Allyson Reed like Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is boring and non-imaginative and does not hold the candle to the original production of Michael Bennett, and when you're making a film about dancers, the choreography must be special. There are some good dancers in the film, formerly Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones as Judy, but barely give them the opportunity to show what they can do, but Audrey Landers, who can hardly walk and chew rubber at the same time, you get one of the best show numbers, "Dance 10, Looks 3." I admit that the "One" final is brilliant, but you have to wait for it for almost two hours. I would say that if you've never seen CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie might be interesting, but if you're dedicated to the original Broadway musical ... be afraid ... to be very scared.
