*** THIS POST CONTAINS SPOILER (S) *** I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I worship him differently. He also has his own website with fans with "Chuck Norris Facts" which is really fun. But this film looks like someone joked with the audience that all these "facts" into one movie. I really do not remember when I'm timelessly more than this "action". I do not know what is the worst film you can offer: a non-original and a thousand-times plot of terrorists trying to nucleate the US by smuggling nuclear nukes onto American soil or perhaps "great" dialogues and Chucks words of wisdom about life and everything else . Someone finds the worst that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's an endless list of crap. Not to mention the huge amount of archive records used in the movie, which is a bit unpleasant. The Chief of Terrorism sends his message through the media when it is captured and the only person who is smart enough to see it is: Chuck Norris, of course. Nobody else in America is smart enough to see it! The whole action in capturing the boss is just ridiculous. One person is sent to go through the UNARMED terror camp, escaped to the JET PACK stalkers, and then the para slid several hundred, perhaps even a thousand kilometers to the nearest shore (the Afghan border is 450 km away from the nearest shore) is rescued by a submarine. I was hoping that at least the battle scenes would be good, but it's even more fun than a plot. If you did not know, 85% of terrorists are the commander of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO will win. Not only can they kill them easily, they can kick them up and drop them with one stroke, and the bad men fly a few meters like dolls. Can you ask me that I've been watching the movie for the rest of my life? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see which of these two super heroes calms a nuclear bomb of a few hundred megatons and the size of MICROVLNY. And then I realized what I was crazy about. Of course, it's finally Chuck's movie. And not only that he thwarted himself with a nuclear tweezer, but it does - TWICE! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but I'd spend my life breeding. So the creators of this movie have made another Chuck Norris fact to be added on his website: Can Chuck Norris destroy a nuclear bomb? Yes and he can do it twice!
