Everyone in this movie will tell Raffa Carruthers how talented she is, what a great director one day will be, etc. I think they are just nice. Even Kimble Rendall, who directed this film, shows more talent than she. "Another Jane Campion", they say; and even though they are both overestimated, they both have so much in common. Both films are heading. Both are women. Both are Australian. (Well, give or take.) Yeah: It's one of those movies in which the character is considered great and we just have to swallow it up and accept it. But for Carruthers I will say: she is cute. - And fascinating. No really. Here are some thoughts about her lack of talent: <br /> <br /> (1) Part of the director's talent lies in dealing with people. Why are Carruthers so obviously wrong when they got the crew even to take note of it? To make it easy for everyone to run around and get killed, I expect. (2) Why is this one of the most unconvincing performances of a set of films I've ever seen? After all, it had to be shot on the REAL movie set. How could this be wrong? If the Rendall set was half as many elongated tufts, it's a wonder that he finished his film at all. (3) Carruthers - a fictional director - set out to create a brand new 80s of horror. Bold chance. I doubt it can be done these days. I suspect that Rendall, a real and talented director, has set himself the same task, realizing that this can not be done, instead of settling (sighing) and knowing the parody. Of course, not a parody of a lot of work like a parody. Once the cast and crew put their legs in an isolated home, the film just spends most of its time doing badly what the 80s of horror movies did ... well, less badly. <br /> <br /> (4) And yet, and ... the movie opens with no parody, but the honest 80th horror passion plays (it's too good to be true) Molly Ringwald. This pastime is much better than everything that follows. (It's a bad sign when you think you want to watch a film in a movie, rather than a movie.) Yet it was also shot at the end of the 90s. Perhaps it is still possible to make the 1980s horror. (5) I never thought of a horror teen in 1980 if all the characters had Australian accents, but now I know. And strangely, I'm glad I know. A need I never knew I was fulfilled.
