While filming the 80th horror film called "Hot Blooded," the director is brutally murdered, and the front lady is scarred when he survives the assault and kills the murderer. After all, production is abandoned and supply winches are left to get dust. So a group of filmmakers decided to pick up where the film stopped, despite being warned by people to stay away from the film because the last person interested in the film appeared dead in the movie while watching the film. This is referred to as cursed production. They do not take this warning seriously that the crew continues production and they get the original movie star to come back from Hollywood to take over her role, but not as a daughter but mother. But the murders begin again, with the cast and crew losing the unknown figure dressed as a killer of the film. See what Scream has started! Hey, these movies are enjoying you, but all that followed was bulletproof and unnecessary excuses. During this phase, the sub-genre returned with vengeance, but it was not a very good thing, as they were mostly unsuccessful and non-original attempts, followed by the derivation formula of the Scream franchise. "Cut", which is an Australian independent textbook slasher genre, is a purely dirty garbage that basically lacks everything and blatantly knocks on every other slasher. But you know what, I found it cheerful pleasure. Yeah, it's terrible and very forgotten, but it's a bit of a good cheap fun as it took. Although I hated it when I first came across it, but the second time I knew what I was getting and it worked better. It was like I once again helped in baked curd, but this time it was not so sweet. The film came out at the same time as "Scream 3" and "Urban Legends: The Final Cut," all three watching the same film structure in the movie. "Scream 3" is probably the strongest of all three, but I really would watch this waste over Urban Legends: Final Cut. It seemed, however, that it was more a return to the 80-year-old slasher than that of one of Scream's bastards. Pretty much a movie gets b-grade treatment and it will appear in script and performances. The dialogue is truly incomprehensible and barely comes with surprise and tension. While the performances are purely ridiculous and Molly Ringwald took the crown for it. He plays an actress who returns to finish the damn movie, and I enjoyed her with her ridiculously absurd broadcasting imagination. It provides the bite here and perfectly leaves it. The rest was mostly a recognizable Australian television star (that is, if you are Australian) with the choreographed Jessica Napier leading cast with similar to Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. Also pop singer (and presumed actress) Kylie Minogue makes a portrait in opening just to be hacked! Nice. These adolescents mostly followed the pattern of horny children who have nothing better than to be killed. Sometimes it feels like just waiting in the queue because they have no real substance. <br /> <br /> The plot starts rather interesting, then goes into a mysterious phase where red feces appear, but then it makes a sudden turn where it becomes somewhat satire of the horror genre. It's just a bit torn, and when it comes to explaining all this madness, was I thinking a little left? oh mine. It attempts to cruelly turn back on itself, but unfortunately it does. But you do not like the end that ends. It also sports some pop culture references and self reference, language-in-face approach. Predictability is quite early, and jokes may occasionally collide, but it knows that it's a little bit shattered. Atmosphere loses a bit of the edge because humor brings unconsciousness, but yet the large, old old mansion where he shoots has some clean touch that adds "a little" spookiness. The cinema scene is also rather nice. <br /> <br /> Now we know we want to watch this type of flick but unfortunately it is not nudity and the gore is quite standard. it lacks, but it's more than decent for such a low budget. There are one or two creative deaths, but others are systematic. The killer was not bad, but when he spoke, it was a little hurt, I thought my clever ass did not fit. Other production notes that were terrible since the morning editing, out-of-place soundtrack, and Kimble Rendall's direction lacked execution and were quite careless, but these factors contribute to bad luck. The fantasy coincides with a budget that is certain, but hell that the miserable slasher did not try to be anything else. A clean slit that's a little fun!
