I have to admit that during this trivial holiday film in 2004 I laughed several times, but I have already lost my short-term memory. Ben Affleck, a once-promising comic actor who was involved in a promotional machine in Hollywood to become a romantic leading man in a career that tends to be the tabloid shadow. Judging from this film, it does not seem to change, because it still lacks the gravity that would give it in such parts credibly. While his friend Matt Damon takes on intelligent roles in "Syriana," Affleck appears in this type of commercial pope. The at least superficial character of the successful, but lonely promotional executive director, Drew Latham, suits Affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried. Director Mike Mitchell (whose most famous film is "Deuce Bigelow: Man 1999" Gigolo ") and scriptwritten by not less than four screenwriters (always bad sign), the thin fence revolves around the need to" hire "the family living in his children's home she had a fantasy that she had an old-fashioned Christmas she had never had The concept is really interesting because there's something about the cathartic relaxation of sentimentality we all directed to feel in the midst of frantic commercialism around holidays. that film feels like a widespread sketch without logic or authentic emotional resonance Affleck seems to be on a desperate journey desperately trying to be nice but the pure result is the exhausting turn of an actor who has a constantly exciting habit of playing silly people in misconceptions Fortunately, James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara are playing to Valcos, a couple who chose to accept Drew's money offer to pretend to be his parents. Gandolfini plays Tom as a cruel, non-warlike relative to Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in this role. From its classic twelve days SCT Girls to Christophera Guest Mockruments, O'Hara is always a comic jewel regardless of the vehicle and undoubtedly deserves the best laughter like Tom's wife, Christine, either sued with a single-liner or a dominatrix . As Christina Applegate becomes her standard role, she plays her distrustful daughter, Alicia, who, of course, becomes Drew's love interest. Despite some good moments when she enjoys a scam from Drew's sister's play in front of her girlfriend's family, her character seems to turn into flashing flashes, making it harder to see what Drew sees in her. The story is totally out of control by the last third, with one situation at the top of the other until it comes to the conclusion that the plot will come together in a short sequence. It is said that much of the film was improvised because no script was completed. It shows it, but I also have to admit that I suffered from it.
