I feel that those who took part in the preparation of Surviving Christmas did not think much about the movie. The characters are so inconsistent, and the story makes so little sense that the film played as a rough script that was worthy of a small, but the only concept of a wealthy guy who paid the family to spend with him with Christmas. /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Ben Affleck portrays Drew Latham, a typical Hollywood picture of a rich, egoistic advertising manager who buys his way through life. His girlfriend, Missy, leaves him shortly before Christmas because he is disgusted that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which he calls a "family vacation," and the fact that Drew never introduced her to his family. Later, we find out that Drew's father left when he was four years old and his mother is dead, so it's a secret why he does not just say he has no family but to allow his girlfriend to believe he's not concerned about his family. For fear of being alone at Christmas, Drew watches Missy's whirlwind (why I have no clue) suggesting that he perform a ritual of forgiveness in his children's home. When he meets a family living in a children's home, Valcos, Drew offers $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family, so he can relive his childhood memories. He gets upset when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate) because she has no "sister," and even goes so far as to write the script to be followed by his family to act more like his "real" family. None of this makes sense as soon as Drew reveals that he grew up without a family but with his mother. Also inexplicable is the figure of Alicia, who is exasperated that her family accepts Drew's money and refuses to play along with his fantasies. But for no good reason, he suddenly starts to like Drew, and in a few minutes comes to hate his courage to act as his girlfriend. Drew is so sad in the movie that his sad story about the lonely breezes of his childhood does not bring any sympathy; I would almost like to finish: "I'm just kidding! The real reason why I do not see my family is that they have all the restrictive orders against me!" (2/10)
