There is one great moment in the survival * Christmas * that is almost worth the pain: James Gandolfini bursts the blade over Ben Affleck's stupid head. This film serves another hapless example of James Gandolfini proving what a great actor is, who at the same time fools his career by acting in this film. The young and wealthy ad exec, Drew Latham (Ben Affleck), was convinced that he would never be alone at Christmas. (And from the very beginning, it is a fundamental problem to suspend our disbelief in this idiotic film: how many people in Drew's social status in 2004 really matter whether Christmas spends alone or with half the family or a 50-dollar prostitute?) The story finds that Drew buys his family to spend Christmas, assuming he feels it's his own, unreservedly ignores all the signs that prove otherwise that his money did not buy the emotions he was looking for. For $ 250,000, Tommy Valco (James Gandolfini) and his spooky wife Christine (Catherine O'Hara) think that they are Drew's ad-hoc family against protests by their son, Brian (a very one-dimensional Josh Zuckerman) and daughter, Alicia very slightly focused Christina Applegate). Drew then spent the rest of the movie, which is likely to regain his youth or - something. The news in this movie is twisted and illogical as its plot is dry. Drew is full of apparent psychoses, scruding a false smile on his face, and blindly denying any abuse he allegedly bought the Valco family to avoid. Who asks the question: If Drew pays these people to regain some look of joyful family emotions, how psychotic must be to pretend the happiness between their spines and mental anxiety over his presence? This is not the case of the Valco family hiding their true feelings and pretending to be happy while around Drew - three out of four members clearly clearly despise him. Is he so absurd that he does not see his money buying his "family" atmosphere in which he was inspired to believe it was true? As with all the films that are arguing about it, she is wondering how * four * scriptwriters might soften in their own narcissistic dreams that they will appear in the credit sequence that they will ignore any form of credibility or intelligence. Director Mike Mitchell, who was responsible for * Deuce Bigalow: Man Gigolo * - a stop there. "Nuff said, and Gandolfini and O'Hara were sure to catch up and show that there is a sense between Christina Applegate, Christina Applegate is dandy and cute, blond and fiery in all the right places, the biting Drew into the little bands of the skeleton for most of the film, then and I will not go so far as to say that Affleck is a bad actor, but John Schneider is looking at him. a new level of desperate search for talent in the city.
