In spite of the stunning cult following this sad "document", I have to admit that he was threatening a film that hit our party as a more worrying exploitative work than useful information. That means, looking at the spectacular musical that is being dragged out of it, one can appreciate what the film could be in a more secure way. One suspects that many of us who were actively suffering from the film could have some camp pleasure that his harsher fans enjoyed being destroyed by the inconvenient suspicion that too many of us - or those we know - are only two or two away from the pitiful situation of two mad women who portray who live and contribute to misery that seems unable to control or escape. The film leaves the audience desperately thinking about the person who may have fallen to this level of degradation, and unlike the musical instrument, he does not offer any warning or explanation, but only a horror show that has not been redeemed by humor or insight. <br /> <br /> This soul's overwhelming flatness makes it even more remarkable to achieve the stage version (perhaps end up on the cable). Law II is faithful to almost all the details of the film that is being discussed, but strangely, by raising a sad murder to music, it raises the human tragedy to art. More importantly, this act is preceded by the subtle act I encounters with women in front of their courageous foolish madness, and they are offered indications of their unique purgatory. In short, everything the FILM is missing. For the amazing film (or their successors), the superb DVD Criterion DVD contains gaming and bonus material that partially redeems the main movie - behind scenes, interviews and commentaries - filling in some blank spots that the original edition deliberately decided to omit in their efforts to unhealthy horror of depression. They can not handle the amateur film itself, but at least it's a bit clearer. Finally, it is a remarkable scenario inspired and drawn by him by the writer of the book, Doug Wright, composer Scott Frankel and the textress Michael Kory, who increases the rating of the original GREEN GARDENS over one (generous) star.
