I think this movie was somewhat overvalued here. Some things may be admired; for one thing he deserves to be a science fiction film that relies on his story instead of the special effects and action sequences that will take the day. Support for filming is good, set design and cinematography are good and ideas are quite interesting (though they are starting to look a little tired after many average Dark City / Memento / Fight Club clones in recent years). But the film is rejected by a bad characterization, wooden performances by leading actors and a ridiculously bad end. The main problem I had was that the protagonist was neither sympathetic nor hateful. I realize that part of the story dictates that it should be somewhat encrypted (wait for it ...) of the cipher, but I was not able to expend any empathy on a character that seemed like a boring, anonymous schlub man. What transformation of the character for this sad sac is artificially forced by conspiracy. Actor Jeremy Northam will succeed in the fact that the protagonist is confused and unhappy, but he can not inspire any sympathy. Against him, Lucy Liu does what he can, with a character that does not have his own personality unless he becomes the embodiment of the spy-film cliché as a personality. One of the biggest disappointments of this film is the end. I'm not going to make any spoilers here, but I say that the surprising treatment at the end was fairly clear for at least 45 minutes before it happened. Furthermore, after being satisfied with the imaginative filter for the first hour, the last few scenes suddenly and horribly go into the worst kind of Hollywood slipper, complemented by large explosions and special effects. McGuffin's unveiling at the end is badly done, and in the end, it seems that the characters are even less enjoyable than before some of the film's main plot has been resolved. The movie is not all bad, though. Most of them maintain a certain low level of tension, despite slow stimulation (although I think I have a higher tolerance than average for slow movies). And there are times when there is a vague paranoid feeling that director Vincenzo Natali apparently tried to bring to the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome shortcomings in the film's acting and screenplay. There is probably a good film that covers the same topics and ideas, but it is not.
