Let me start by knowing that I mostly like the directorial style of Renny Harlin and that the cameraman should be praised for some shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2", which I really love, there's something missing from this movie. That, my friends, is a script. Dialogue in movies like this is always pretty terrible, but this is a gold medal for stupidity. This movie has so many terrible lines, I do not even have to remember any of them. It's not all that but line executions are pathetic and seem to be more suitable for bad pornography than action adventure. It's almost like Harlin thought that if he slows those words, they can improve the script. Again it's bad. The sad part is that some talented actors are casting into bad roles with worse conversation. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he runs around the circles around Lithgow, Turner and the worst of the Rooker tower, there's something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best villains in Ricochet, yet he meets something that can not act to save his life here. How is it possible? I have always been his huge fan and he has learned in Stallone's acting, which he always called - in his performance. Turner's part is so small and unnecessary, but he still manages to look lost on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know because I saw it in "The Thunder Days", but it seems to read its rows of cards. It happened? When Rooker and Lithgow share the scenes where they talk, I just wanted the movie to end there, or they could both surprisingly find their acting skills. Unfortunately, none of these things happened. Which brings me back to Harlin, who can be the only one who really blames this mess other than the screenwriters. It's his fault that I've never been shot in this movie because he was supposed to do to make people really act. The script is not very good, but actors' performances are what destroys this movie, and it has to be with the director. No matter how much you paid for special effects that are pretty much good, you still can not just sacrifice a horrible gaming movie. <br /> <br /> The movement of this movie also seems to be off. The initial sequence was good and the aircraft scene was very well done, but how you should take care of the outcome of the robbery. I mean, I understand they're trying to create tension with all the bells and sands of the airplane scene, but I really did not care if they get the money or not on the scene. If the bad man won early, maybe I would not have to witness one of the worst movies at all!
