After three years ago saw an airplane fly to America, I really believed that I had seen the worst film ever made, and I could realize I had never had to suffer before the screen before. Unfortunately, as I learned last night, it was not. The revolver is so incredibly bad that I actually think about recommending my friends to go and see it so I do not feel like I'm the only stupid one to watch. Its really amazing is how much this movie is completely losing on my face with a constant and I think there is a constant voice overturning the main characters with utterly unpleasant harsh nonsense! Actually, I started to get angry at the cinema and listened to the totally relentless crowd of Andrey Benjamin, who looked like half the film while thinking all the time - what would Turkey do to this gangster / con man, whatever it would be when he did his "offer"? I'll tell you what. He would tell him to turn away, blow his head away, and watch as his equally inappropriate partner disintegrates as quickly as if he were taking his plump feet. I think we should believe Jake's head goes by offering him a "solution" to his problem? They are men, therefore, of course, they also have the ability to cure incurable blood diseases! I mean ffs. He does not start wondering why his symptoms do not get worse? He will not spend the third day of Richie's place on the scene, and gives the audience a painfully compelling phone call from Avi to Jake to tell him he was convicted. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I can add a small positive note to the movie by moving to dry humor, if luckily similar to its previous movies ???? bulls ** t! This film does not do anything that is as clever as redemption through some well-timed entertainment lines, no. Has it somehow been so disastrous that I really did not hear as much as a full-packed cinema titre? and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full can be the main screen, and not one person smiled. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be entertaining and fair enough that you still can make good gangster films without comedy, but what was the film on the screen to do, can I ask? An unnecessarily crazy plot! I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> So far, the happiest moment I passed last night, heard a loud sigh from all directions of the audience, because they all desperately prayed for the film to end. It was also quite fun to watch how fast warriors fought and pampered the exits after they realized it was over, and they were free from their misery! <br /> <br /> "I have to finish, I write that I'm angry again) by making the" end. "I think sh ** t! End ... no, sorry I can not he'll have to go and see it, it can not be said, he just can not, and when you see it, you'll know why, Uuhhhhh?
