"52 Pick Up" simply does not work. Check out if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or someone in a wonderful cast, especially John Glover, who is really brilliant. But the book - a slowly burning, Noir thriller with plenty of pulp - should be transferred to Oscar instead of a fool who could not find out if he should faithfully portray the hard-boiled, frantic crime story of the book or decide for the eighties Schwarzenegger shoot- em-up spree. Moving the scene from the original national environment in the book, Detroit (the area where Leonard lives for years and knows very well) to Los Angeles is causing a serious problem that Leonard is attempting to fix in his script, but he can not. It was, for example, a clever device that makes Mitchell's wife town council (no work in the book) if you think about it: that's the only way you could ever scare someone into a sex crazy city like Los Angeles for adultery or any potential sexual scandal. It is even probable that in a more conservative eastern state like Michigan, believe that a) his little porn industry is dirty, healing hell, where three losers can desperately set up a not-too-stupid upper middle - that is undergoing a crisis in the middle life ab) ambition itself could be something you could blackmail if their exciting career and old-fashioned wives could not cope with shock. As Ron Jeremy's counselor tells you, in the 1980s, Los Angeles was a varied and stylish Mecca porn, like Boogie Nights, than Leonard's dark, shadowy world of kidnapped buses, dirty flats, and drug stores in depression of urban misery. And again, Los Angeles could be such a story if one puts the scenery more closely - there are still a lot of dark hiding places and psychopaths. Unfortunately, Harry's Mitchell Roy Scheider appears in the film as a sexy, handsome Uebermensch who dances over his problems without even sweating. In the book he defended crazy officials and fought the business that failed. During the war, he had a cloakroom closet that included friendly fire for which he was responsible, but never seemed to be able to deal with it. The stories of Elmore Leonard usually have a central idea of ​​bizarre citizenship between the criminal and the legislator. Here, Harry Mitchell, sitting in his office with his extortionist, Alan Raimi, turning his financial books to him and negotiating more ransom, makes such a central picture. Glover's brawler plays a scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider portrays the victim as a "bad guy" who is in charge of the situation as if he were more of a Rambo with the M-16 than anyone who barely abstains when his world crashes around him . "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst performances ever played, taking into account all the idea that came to the original story and then into the movie. Raichy's capture in Mitchell's Jaguar and blowing him up with marching band music that culminates with a sadistic monologue Mitchell is playing for a viewer who wants a "deep revenge" to end Chuck Norris, not the intelligent, balanced world of Leonardo's book, where Mitchell is barely running away the conflict between good and evil can easily be circumvented. I left the theater shaking my head and depressing. What a loss of talent.
