David Chase "The Sopranos" is perhaps the most overrated TV show in recent memory. Not only is it a line without intellect and passion, it is simply a soul. As somebody reads, probably already knows, James Gandolfini * is * Tony Soprano, the big, thick ** hole of the crowd boss with a blunted white wife and two brothers, you thought - the underarm of America (that's New Jersey by the way). Not only is Tony a female adulteress, she is also an unmanageable murdering pet, with a crew of "Saturday Night Live" cartoons for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a smart mafia who offends me (and apparently only me). Enable the characters to be and who they are, without court, is something American television barely allows. But Chase - and his escorts of money, Emmy writers - simply did not allow us to watch Tony and his crew as they behave, nor even attempt to give any insight into the action / reaction reality (even apparently fictitious) organized crime (a la "The Godfather" ). Instead, Chase celebrates and approves of his greedy, violent and corrupt lifestyle in the same way that Tony, his wife and even a psychologist psychologist train a week after a week (or call it a month after a month.) Or is it year after year? It looks like the show with 13 episode seasons occurs with the same regularity as the lunar eclipse). The rejection of the series to the "network" structure hides a lot of things they do not do anywhere, and characters that pop up and disappear as a burglar. But if the show is so brilliant in its inadequate structure, why does it always feel I'm staring at the soap opera? Tired mob clichés, bored housewives, self-service, irreparable characters, and lands that do not go anywhere. More than ever I can see why so many Americans of Italian heritage are attending this show. Just want to buy a good book (Dante is "Inferno" springs in mind). People on IMDb like to say there's nothing good on TV, so "soprano" is a breath of fresh air. Are the same people too busy paying their cable bills to watch a "shield"? (It's part of Basic, you know). And what (still good) "Western wing"? Or that brilliantly committed (if untruthfully written) "Boston Legal"? And what about the best comedies of the last few decades, the "arrested development"? And let's not forget that we live in the age of DVD - nobody * follows * anything new. I'd much rather make $ 40 for an overrated box set, well, almost nothing * than give HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 per DVD set!) To prove how much of a hack-factory it can be. <br /> <br /> Want a good TV? Watch "Murder: Life on the Street". Or "Kill yourself". Or "Picket fences". Or even Chase's previous show, "Northern Exposure." If you are one of the legends of fans and critics of the "Sopranos", it is too late for you. But if not, leave Tony and his worthless relatives, where they all belong - the rotting fish. ("Sleep" would be too kind)
