Seriously, I can easily trigger plenty of blood on the screen, bleeding and repulsion, but what really makes this film worrying and uncomfortable to follow is how the doctor's character is constantly harassing physical damage done to raped women. He, John Cassavetes of "Rosemary's Baby," talks about a cracked uterus, dry contact, and a massive amount of red (?) Sperm, the most common maladies in the world of medicine. That being said, "Incubus" is finally a STRANGE horror effort. Is not that terrible? although it is not very good, or ?? but it's just weird. The confused and incoherent script initially rotates after hunting for murdered criminals of meat and blood (though the name clearly indicates the involvement of the supernatural creature) and does not seem to stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially the main ones, seem to be sympathetic, and for some reason never seen, everyone seems to have dark secrets. This doctor has a strange interpretation of the daughter of love and is constantly acting as if he was a suspect, the city sheriff (John Ireland) seems to be in constant drunkenness, and it does not seem to matter that it still depends on who is still raping and killing women in her district, reporter is even too weird for words and Galens (old witch and her grandson) are just scary. Everyone, together, desperately tries to solve the mystery of who or what exactly destroys the women who reproduce the organ. Sequences of rape and murder are admirably atmospheric, and the fraudulent acts themselves are bloody and disturbing. Basically, these are very positive factors in horror film, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too dissatisfied with the fact that Incubus is a really good film. There's also a lot of fatiguing parts you can handle (like Bruce Dickinson's concerts!) And John Hougg's very reliable direction is almost unnoticeable. However, the ultimate shot is effectively a nightmare. For me, Incubus was a little disappointed, but there are still a few reasons why this strange piece of horror in the early 1980s is recommended to open-minded fanatics.
