Young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Birman) rest on the beach in the small town of Galen. They decide to start playing practical jokes. Mandy is hiding in an old shack, being attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her hear the cries, but he's killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new Galen after the death of Sam. Sam is called by police chief Hankem Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy appear. Carries an autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for her terrible injury. Soon after the curator at the local museum Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) is also attacked and raped. Local journalist Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reports the events and suggests to Sam that a similar chain of rape and murder occurred in the 1930s before the city. More rapes and murders occur. Meanwhile, Jenny's friend Tim Galen (Duncan Macintosh) has strange dreams and nightmares, and is convinced he has something to do with horrible acts. Tim's story and excavation into past cities makes Sam convinced of the existence of a creature known as Incubus - a demonic entity that changes in a form that exists only for reproduction! Director John Hough is one seriously boring horror film. George Franklin's script, based on Ray Russell's novel, is relatively slow. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and ends up with one of the worst events of the end of twists and turns I've ever seen, and frustrating has ended suddenly. As the story breeds along with the speed of the snails, there are several rapes, but none are displayed on the screen. There is also only one gore scene in the whole movie. The monsters themselves are shown at the very end and have all three short scenes. Everything about this movie is very static and flat, the film has no energy or tempo. The game is boring and you do not feel or nobody cares. Look at the scene in the autopsy room, where you can see the microphone at the top of the screen several times. The sort of horror movie you forget in one day. Real time loss, do not bother.
