Stephen King is generally known for being morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, to the end you feel sad for those characters or situations that have been released to them ... here you feel depressed. The film has a feeling at first sight when the family moves to the ground, and the creepy old Fred Gwyne greets and warns them from the pet cemetery, but this plot is nowhere to go. It starts with so much potential but eventually loses the potential to be a good horror film and becomes cruel, extremely stupid and ultimately depressing. Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children Ellie and Gage and their cat moving to their new home in Maine. They are warned by a neighbor farmer Jud (Fred Gwyne) about a local home cemetery and how he is cursed. Louis did not say anything about it and everything is fine until a family cat is killed. He buried it on the damned cemetery and returned to life, always sighing in the family and wanting to stay alone. One day the infant Gage goes on the road and is carried by a truck, and Louis knows he must bury him in the cemetery. When Gage returns to life, he changes and wants to kill himself. In many of Stephen King's films, which do not really relate to films, I blame directors and screenwriters. In this case, Mr. King was a screenwriter, but I blame him for his terrible story. In the end, it's so futile, and though unhappy, the assumption is ridiculous. The little boy returns from the dead and can kill people with what looks like a small scalpel, and not only that, but he can lift his body and in one case carry the body from the ground to the attic! ) I know it's not in reality, but seriously how silly it can get? The scene in which Louis injecting his deceased, living again cat to kill her, is strangely sad because the cat did not deserve it. The only thing he did was think that it was a matter of his own, and he killed her. The scene in which she injects her own baby is almost unbearable. It is not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is just terrible. After the Gage splinter was injected, drunk around before the dead died ... why did they have to shoot a child's death film? But ... even worse, the real end of the movie in which Ludwig buries someone else (He does not intend to give in) to the cemetery after Gage kills ... what did he expect? Why did Mr. King write this terrible story and why was he filmed? It's depressing and unnecessary! <br /> <br /> My rating: * from ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
