The family with Dave Midkiff, Rachel's mother Denise Crosby, ten-year-old Eileen (Blaze Berdalm and about 3-year-old Gage (Miko Hughes) moved to this beautiful Maine house - apparently unaware of the road ahead of their house every 90 seconds so neighbors across the road (gorgeous Fred Gwynne) to feel at home ... and showing them to a pet cemetery where babies bury their pets is a sacred land that can bring the dead back to life ... but the dead are coming back in a nasty mood. "" DEFINITELY SPOILERS ** Roman Stephen King was good - it was but it evolved the characters and the situations that made you care about what happened. This film pulls out all the nature of the development and just plays gore and violence. Animals are killed on the camera (I know it's fake, but it's still repellent), the little boy is hit by a hemisphere and his coffins appear during a funeral (on a totally ill scene), brought back to life and attacks and kills people including their mother (I wonder how the 3 year old could hang up); a scary runner (do not ask) is trying to help the family for no reason ... The film simply listens to the audience when it puts on every face of terrible death or violence. Looks just to shock you. ** END SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> The acts are not helpful. Midkiff is just as shocking as a father - he's nice and nice but completely empty. Crosby is not much better. Two children are just annoying. Only Gwynne himself seizes this image with his helpless good behavior. <br /> <br /> This image shows total contempt for audiences who have great jumps in logic and characters do incredibly stupid things (especially Midkiff at the end). This movie was (inexplicably) a huge boxing hit in 1989, which led to a worse continuation in 1992. I saw it in the theater at that time and was disturbed by the audience still suspecting violence and was just horrified by what I saw. A sick repulsive horror film. And 1 all the way. If you think it's all and can not get worse, Ramones sings the title song !!!!!! ("I do not want to be buried in a pet cemetery"). Really without conviction.
