This movie is a special Pia Zadora! When I looked at them, I remembered a classic cartoon with a Hollywood star; urgently need a different role but are afraid to become a "typecast" for "B" movies or a soft porn role; who says at his main session "Well, of course, I do not usually have a role requiring nudity but if it's artistically necessary for the movie ...............". This memory evoked a very naughty picture of a similar cartoon show that at such a meeting showed Pia: "Of course I normally do not accept any roles requiring real acting but if I really provide enough exposure to improve my position as a sex symbol ....... ........... ". This is probably a grossly unfair, rather awkward story is the mistake of Harold Robbins' book; given the nature of the story, Pia's speeches certainly do not get disproportionate attention, and perhaps Pia (who has once won an actor's award at Butterfly) deliberately opens her part rather than attempting to act in an almost unplayable role. Critics usually point to actors first as a problem whenever the film turns out to be unsatisfactory, but it is very unfair; screenwriters and director are more often guilty. The real problem with "Lonely Lady" is that the script, just like the original book, looks for a feeling rather than a substance, and nothing can help. <br /> <br /> The script of this movie is incredible, but if the story could be successfully filmed with a better script, controlling tone and really competent acting, it must remain a matter of personal judgment. Once it was released, my viewers would assess whether it would depend on whether I assess my personal opinion or whether I assess the extent to which the film succeeds in providing what it intends to do. My personal rating would be two out of ten; but to a certain extent this movie is likely to provide exactly what its sponsors intended, and judged on this basis that a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable. Being in a charitable mood and wanting to make sure I do not blame Piu for my disappointment, I will make the IMDb rating four.
