The commemorative bank of most reviewers had to be short-circuited here when they tried to recall a Cubic zirconia jeweler because virtually everyone managed to misquotate Lloyd Bochner Walter Thornton when, in dull anger, he was thrown into a fake garden jet at his new wife, Jerlee Randall-Thornton almost the coma of Pius Zador) who was used to sexually attacking her earlier in the movie ... but I get ahead of myself. In any case, poor Lloyd could say the line to a helpless audience, just like he was his astronomer. <br /> <br /> It's hard, because most of us believe, especially nowadays no one in Hollywood is thinking about doing the wrong movie. This is certainly not the most difficult argument to be done, because it seems so damn that many of them have come out. But again, it is the film that one must imagine during his creation, from writing, casting and direction, had to be cursed by the film equivalent of an attempt to shoot during Ides in March. > <br /> <br /> LONY LADY is in this category and is very good considering the circumstances. Here we have all the ingredients in the recipe that guarantee that they produce monumentally faded souffles: Pia Zadorou, a marginal singer / actress so determined to be serious that she would practically accept anything that might separate her from her peers (which is definitely the film did!); a rather high-profile novel written by Trashmaster himself, Harold Robbins (from CARPETBAGGERS and DREAMS DIE FIRST Glory); cast who probably thought they were lucky they were working at all that they were trying to play this game as if it were Clifford Odets or Ibsen; plus a director who was more than likely to have been a hired weapon who kept a mess just to choose a paycheck (and was probably contractually obliged to use the "Alan Smithee" sign to protect what remains of his reputation.) Likewise such as Lamps Johnson's LIPSTICK, Meir Zarchi's I SPIT ON GRAVE, BARBARELLA from Roger VADIME, SHOWGIRLY by Paul Verhoeven or Grandmammy from a really bad film, MOMMY DEAREST by Frank Perry, LONY LADY is still often debated (usually with disgust, distrust, horror laughter or a unique combination of all three), but it also lacks the dissection, description or even the precise logic of Hollyweed. No one is sure how it was, how it was ever released in one theater or why it's still here, and it's almost impossible to get rid of it, but to take it or leave it to stay here. And I do not think lovers of really good BAD films would have a different way.
