Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish born professor of law at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, which he hired for the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida who was convicted of raping and murder Joanie Shriver, eleven-year-old white girls. Earl claims his confessions to this crime have been won on the pretext of a sadistic policeman, and that the real killer is Blair Sullivan, a serial killer for the death penalty for several more murders. Armstrong attends Sullivan's cell death row and hopes to persuade him to confess to the Joanie murder, so he saved Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> First of all, it's going well. Sullivan confesses and Earl is released from prison when the court of appeal cancels his conviction. Since this development takes place little after half of the film, it is at this point when the bells are heard in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! The main plot is turning forward!" And that proves it. The anticipated procedure will soon take effect. Earl, as it turned out, is indeed guilty of a crime he was just liberated, and probably also of several others, but with Sullivan, the devil's plan was cleared to secure his freedom; Sullivan admits to Joanna's murder if Earl kills her parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted his parents dead to be never explained exactly). Armstrong now finds himself threatened by a man whose life he has just rescued; Earl has a resentment against wife Armstrong, a lawyer herself who became a legal counsel for criminal prosecution when Earl was charged with rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of auto-cannibalism that Hollywood likes to enjoy, by sliding one film by recycling topics and rendering devices from a number of others. The first half owes a clear debt to films such as "Intruder in the Dust" and "Kill mockingbird"; the only difference is that the sheriff who defeats the beliefs of Bobby Earl is black, while in older films he would be white. (Police brutality is now an activity for equal opportunities). The central plot in the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras' Music Box, though this film does not reveal itself until the end. The final, in which a lawyer, his wife and daughter are threatened by a former client, is an obvious plagiarist of two versions of Cape Fear, which also takes place in the swamps of the American South. Ed Harris's characterization of Sullivan as a biblical quotation of a religious maniac is a direct imitation of the character of Robert de Niro in Scorsese's "Cape Fear," which was made four years before "Just Cause". <br /> <br /> (Just as "Just Cause" borrowed from several other films, seven years later, his central plot of plot was obviously plagiarized in Ashley Judd's "High Crime"). <br /> <br /> The problem with this style of shooting movies is that the resulting films are generally much less different than those that inspired them. The whole is normally much smaller than the sum of the parts, and "Just Cause" is a much smaller film than any of the ones that were cannibalized to do it. Harris is usually a talented actor, but it's one of his weakest performances, mainly because he plays the game as de Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is fine as Bobby Earl (allegedly) innocent young man of the early scenes, but Bobby Earl is not convincing as a murderous psychopath of later. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as black sheriff are better, but not enough to shoot a movie. (Connery and Harris were to act together in the next, better film "The Rock", the following year). <br /> <br /> There is another problem with Just Cause. The first half of the film looks like a standard liberal film with a "problem," against the death penalty, against racism, and critical controls of heavy hands. The other half looks more like a hard reactionary who claims that all criminals are evil fools that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the chair that liberal lawyers are useful idiots of criminal fraternity and that the police who defeated the suspects people should be valued as heroes. It seems that filmmakers did not know that the conspiracy that appeared randomly in the middle of the film probably had an undesirable effect on reversing their political attitude or if they were aware of the problem they had ignored. A reasonably complicated conspiracy was probably considered more important than political consistency. 4/10
