Sexo Cannibal or Devil Hunter, as he is more widely known among an English-speaking audience, begins with actress and model Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) who, along with her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn), controls the location of the new film. After long days Laura relaxes in the bathtub of her room when two very dubious characters, namely Chris (Werner Pochath) and Thomas (Antonio Mayans), explode and abduct that treacherous Jane. Laura's agent got into the blower for the lease-hero Peter Weston (Al Cliver), who is informed of the situation, hijackers have Laura on an isolated island and demanding 6 million ransom. Peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to return it safely and another 10% of the 6 million, if it brings back, faster than the rat to the drain pipe. Peter and his pilot Vietnamese Vet Vet helicopter on the island and deciding how to save Laura. So the hijackers have Laura, and Peter has 6 million, but he does not even want to hand them over. Just to make matters worse, this isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all generations that lived there, they managed to build only one straw cottage, now primitive) worshiping a cannibal monster (Burt Altman) a god with human sacrifices and this cannibal has hobbies for young, white females of meat and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This Spanish, French and German co-production was co-managed by a prolific Jesus Franco who also gains credit for music. Sexo Cannibal has earned a number of notorials in Britain as he was included in the "Video Nasties" list at the beginning of the 1980s under his subtitle Devil Hunter and was officially described as obscene and forbidden and said I have no idea why he is a bad film and even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with turkey, decides to hide under the pseudonym Clifford Brown. I could imagine that even the toughest French fan will have a hard time defending this thing. Scenario Franco, I'm sorry that I mean Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who apparently was less than surprised by the end product and wanted his name to be removed, is terrible. It's so simple and simple. In the beginning, the movie is so boring that it's untrue, the kidnapping conspiracy is one of the most exalted I've ever seen without a little strain or excitement, and the horror side of things does not improve when we get a big black man with silly, over-bloody eyes and two twisted cannibal scenes. As the horror film Sexo Cannibal has failed and as an action adventure no longer a success, it's one that must be avoided. Director Franco shows his usual incompetence throughout his head, a land with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try and feel that it is nothing! Cannibal scenes are bad, the action is lame and has endless scenes of people who randomly walk around the jungle and get from "A" to "B". It will become incredibly boring and tiring to watch for about 10 minutes and remember that this thing lasts for 94 minutes in its unhealed state. I must also mention the merry scene when Al Cliver is going to climb the cliff, this is achieved by Franco turning his camera to his side and having Cliver crawling on the floor! Take a look at the way a coat hangs and how it never gets caught when it pulls it! Gore is not that great, and when it comes to European cannibal films, it's very twisted, there's some rough outposts of cannibal mouths, when he chews pieces of meat, he's turned to spikes, there's some blood and a handful of intestines. Sexo Cannibal is a bit of nudity and an unpleasant scene of rape. Sexo Cannibal had to have a low budget and I think low. It's a dirty, badly made film with amazing special effect and rock production. The only decent thing about this is the setting of the jungle, which at least looks right. The music is upset and the sound effects are uncomfortable because there is a lot of heavy breathing whenever a cannibal is on the screen. Behavior is angry, the whole thing was obviously called, but no one can act on it. Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie that makes a fatal mistake that is boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that she has a certain atmosphere she likes and that close up of cannibal chewing meat is pretty rough. Anyone looking for a decent film experience should Sexo Cannibal provide the widest possible bed to avoid.
