I bought the DVD BLOOD CASTLE on eBay for a few bucks who did not know what it was, and the only thing I can say is that I was not disappointed with this acquisition. BLOOD CASTLE is one of those scary European horror films that have almost no redemption, except that they are really fun for all the bad reasons. Opening itself is worth the DVD: our heroine Dr. Ivanna arrives at the castle to help scientists, Baron Dalmar, who performs experiments on dead tissue. On the way to Castle 1), a man tries to rape Ivanna. 2) The housekeeper fights with her. 3) The virgin wants her dead. 4) and eventually baron Dalmar almost spits on her and wants her the next day. Hmm ... something tells me she's not welcome. With such a bad come, you would think that Ivanna would have left the NY minute, but not, like many great movies, our "harsh" heroine decides to stay and even enjoy candlelight dinner with a clumsy baron on the same event day. Intro is so scary (it's even bigger than the unforgettable first minutes of this Canadian JUNIOR movie) that I realized I'd like it. <br /> <br /> But the fun is not ending. Ivanna is repeatedly given medication whenever she goes to sleep, only to awaken from unconsciousness, naked, tied up and tortured at the mild S & M meetings by an invisible man. Even after these S & M night meetings Ivanna remains in the castle, an angrily convinced baron, that what he experiences is nothing more than dreams. It can be assumed that Ivanna, even if he is treated so badly, falls in love with the Baron. Ivanna completely ignores something negative about him, including the obvious fact that the baron is popular with young ladies. Every woman in the castle (it seems that only women work there) is in love with an unfortunate cat that does not make sense to use nice young things. Things become even stronger as someone lurks around the estate and kills (and kills) women. Basically, Baron's physically disfigured brother Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long scene, the brother warns the Baron that he will not get involved with Ivanna or will have consequences. So what are the Baron and Ivanna doing? Well, of course they get married! During a very short marriage, the baron is shot dead by one of the angry local (the father of one of the dead girls). But all this does not deter Ivanna, who among all dead young ladies and torture around them cheerfully cheers the injured Baron that "it's just a body injury," and these two can go on and enjoy the honeymoon in the castle where the assassin / assassin / . The whole thing quickly breaks into a love triangle, between Ivana, Baron, and Igor. Congratulations on love! Anyway, you have the idea: it's fine. Almost everything is ridiculous in this movie, and when it's not an OTT like a predictable peak, things get a little bored. However, for most of the film, the director or writer likes one illogical moment after another. I really love these movies, everything as fine as being hit over their heads by a hammer and populated by characters that behave illogically. Even those who made the DVD Retromedia have realized this, and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from an infinitely looped movie. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are beautifully hidden. Final and final credits, with their candles and red curtains ... ah, soupkon classes. Music sounds like something from Tim Burton's film, which only adds to the curiosity of all. And as a habit of these films, when young ladies take off their clothes, they just ask to be killed. As a standard movie I rate 2, but like "it's so bad it's a good movie," I consider a solid 8 stars. If you love angles, watch this. It must be seen. The only thing left was to think about it: what would she do to the woman to get out of this exciting castle?
