(following different spoilers) Gene Kelly. Not Georges Guetary, who is sometimes criticized as too young and not French. Not to Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who more than just poison me. There is something about his personality on a screen that is too ambitious and focused to be convincing as an insignificant artist in Paris, content with postponing criticism for an indefinite period, turning around with little children and old ladies and painting on the street. That's what made him so effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other movies where he played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is in some respects the cousin of Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON, another Lerner story with Kelly Mischast as a free-end American who falls in love with a picturesque European place and an innocent woman who embodies his virtues. <br /> <br /> In addition to Jerry's not as sad as Tommy's bad. This is another issue that concerns this movie. Jerry is sometimes a lover, and even worse for Lise. When he first sees in the club, he gets a dirty trick to dance with him. When he sits down again, he pulls out a dirtier trick to get his phone number. When she calls her the next day, she hangs on to her, which she takes as a chance to join her. And all this is clear that he has nothing to do with it. When she started to laugh at his jokes in a perfume shop, it's probably as believable as Milo's interest in his paintings. Sure it is nice and playful, but why should she play it when Henri, who looks like a gentleman, boots? It is true that she did not want a little because of the actress. If a role like Lise played, say, Judy Garland, she would shower Jerry with insulting insults and glares. If Cyd Charis played it, he would admire his courage. But when Leslie Caron plays the first timer, she looks and acts like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result, Jerry looks like a creep. And why did they choose these other actors (although I would rather sort things out by changing leadership) when the whole story depends on the novels of these two young, poor love that separate from their loving commitment to the older wealthy people? Not only is Gene Kelly a few years over Guitar and Foch, he's old enough to be Caron's father. In a nutshell, I think that everything would be improved by a young comic dancer throwing Jerry, who usually appeared in musical supporting roles ... like Ray MacDonald at GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in the small town of GIRL. Maybe it's not necessarily, but someone likes them. Someone who could persecute Lise and make it as harmless to play; someone who would look really happy to live in that chapel with a hole in the wall; someone whose humor and naivety would better contrast with the sarcastic dazzling Oscar Levant. It would probably also mean that the ballet would look less humiliated. And that could give a voice that Gershwin could sing better. Everything can create the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I like him. It was great in most movies, just not this one (well, and a few others). Nor does AAIP uphold itself; has good points like art direction. And Leslie Caron, who despite her inexperience is rather charming and really looks like she has dropped out of painting. Georges Guetary does a great job and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite movie number. Nina Foch is beautiful and moving and should end up with some. But not Jerry Mulligan. I would not want her to.
