N.B .: Spoilers inside. Assigning the artistic director to opera work naturally and inevitably means you get to the head of that director. But the direction of Wagner's opera is a particularly complicated task, being perhaps the most explicit composer in terms of how things should look and how they should evolve. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg will record this recording of "Parsifal", the last masterpiece of Wagner, with plenty of strange ideas that will almost sew the seams. You get more than a piece to the director: you get all the fat pigs and then some. Syberberg is to be admired for his determination to tear off the covers on the more ugly aspects of German history. But is it that the desire for Wagner's opera is already overwhelming its own concepts? <br /> <br /> Scenes of the Knights of the Grail in Acts and III are particularly loaded with visual allegory and symbolism. These are drawn from Wagner's time, long before, and they are going on. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision (but it does not necessarily improve the vision of Wagner); if you do not know what it means, they are simply confusing, if not annoying. I'm not going to worry about how this narrative will unfold. Suffice it to say that it is a typical Wagner synthesis of various elements, in this case the merging of the Holy Grail legend with the principles, practices and respect of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays a major role here as well as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> I personally had to swallow to go through Syberberg for the first time (in the midst of my crazy acclimatization, the music saved the day). However, Act II speeds up. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, to capture the wandering of the "innocent fool" Parsifal. The greatest degenerate of all of them, Kundry, will be used to luring him to the dark side. After the initial slumber with multiple symbols, they get rid of them, and the long, beautiful transformation duet between the young fool and the tempter really starts. Finally, the film begins to work with real magic, and it's mainly because Syberberg chose things naturally and simply. It suddenly starts to work (expressive actress Edith Clever and the delicious soprano of Yvonne Minton's team, who created the beautiful Kundry); suddenly it seems that the music comes alive and brings the inner confusion of the two characters alive. Working with the camera remains simple and quietly fluid. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story rather to his own circumstances. And it works beautifully. For me, it was the most amazing part of the movie. With the return of the Knights in Part 2 of the Law III, strange alien symbols unfortunately returned back. Some other cunning thoughts of Syberberg: using the huge Wagner's deadly mask as the main set-piece (causing the composer's protuberant proboscis to create comically large); dressed III. knitters in all the costumes, wigs and makeup (what the director says: Knights are a lot of guys that express multiple or timeless layers of meaning over their surface functions - inserting - just after the incredibly baptism of Kundry from Parsifal - the rear projection records of the test conductor, in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely pushed my dramatic thread, which required a few minutes to rearrange); complete avoidance of some time between Acts II and III (when we meet the knight and the "narrator" Gurnemanz again, he should to be an old old man, and Parsifal should reappear as a tired world, but a wiser middleman, an elderly man), but certainly the most bizarre stroke is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components, and some will find the most beautiful stroke. Karin Krick, who plays "Parsi fal 2 ", with power and dignity (it also happens to be the best syn-synchronizer of the cast). But please ... Wagner's concept of Parsifal is already so complicated. His growth from a totally innocent boy who does not know anything about his past to his breakthrough in Law II about Amforta's eternal blow and how it happened to his own, his return as the great Redeemer of the Law III? it is a path of a masterful character. Bisexual emphasis is only occasional and absurd. (And what about this nonsense about homoerotics Gurnemanz and Parsifal? We can not just accept the mentor / apprentice relationship which is weirdly reversed in Law III?) The Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (though it is a refrain of disappointment). But after watching this movie I just wanted to go on my solo recordings (VYSOKO recommended) and get my Wagner's bearings straight again. The film experience for me ran from bizarre to fun to furious. To Syberberg's merit he created a visually arresting work and surely offers a unique interest in a major opera. But instead of holding Parsifal, he seems to want to bring everything that Wagnerian is: a man, a life, a huge influence ... all in a rough symbolic code. The "Parsifal" opera is already full of heavy symbolism: Grail, Spear, Holy Sacrament, baptism, Amfortas bloody blow, Klingsor's castration, Kiss, Kundra's curse, and more. It does not speak of the musical symbolism that is constantly sounding as a result, in the form of Wagner's leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is one huge symbol! When I return to the first question, Syberberg's the whole pig too much for me. But if this project sounds like something you would like to do, do it. I do not intend to recommend that I abstain; you can be satisfied. Or, if you need anything that could destroy you, try it ... but please do not stop here. "Parsifal" is in his late, very mature league of his own.
