Recapitulation: According to the legend of Valkyrie Brunhild, he defied Odin and was fastened to a rock surrounded by eternal fire. Only the pure warrior's heart can go through the flames, free Brunhilda and release her from Odin's claim and have it for herself. The War of War in the Norwegian lands and the king needs an alliance with berserkers. Berserkeri are warriors who claim Odin's warriors, a desire for war, blood and meat, and therefore outcasts, but better in battle. The leader of the Berserker is the scornful son of the King, his boar, and his prize for the alliance is his brother, the future king, Barek. But after the king has won the battle, he refuses to give up his only remaining son, breaks the oath of Boar, betrays him and kills him. The cannon is stored only by Baron's call to Odin. But it's just the beginning of the battle between the brothers and their last battle is about to begin, a millennium later ... Commentary: I was hoping it would be a movie based on some Vikings, a very poor film about Viking. It also started very well, with detailed long boats and armor, nice and appropriate sceneries and a good battle. The foundation in Aesir myths is thin and I feel very damaged. Odin is far more vengeful, malicious and absent than he remembers from school, and the valkyries have changed into some vampire-demons. I'm not an expert, but it seems to be totally wrong. But the fatal mistake of this movie is to move time settings from the original time to the present. If both brothers were fighting at the right time, with some decent battles, this movie would be much better. Now the setting is suddenly changed to the current Stockholm. Nevertheless, Odin is present and sends Boar and his berserkers to Brunhild and Barek, who give silly scenes when the army dressed and painted by berserk with the sword fights with Barek among the industries. Beautiful mountains and forests have been exchanged for cement. And when I focused on individual battles, instead of massive battles as at the beginning, I quickly found out that the struggles and skills of the actors are slow and clumsy. The ultimate result is a thin story, sometimes difficult to follow, and sometimes just stupid, and the only thing that could save him is action based on slow, boring and clumsy swords. Aesir's myth or Viking tradition draws very little. So both the story and the action fail, and the movie is just bad. Finally, like a Swede, this movie is a bit confusing. It is reportedly filmed throughout South Africa, but still contains some of the well-known Swedish characters, plates and what appears to be a true police car. But the effort is bad, and it's just as far-fetched that it's really good in Sweden. No names are Swedish (maybe with Anya as an exception), no known sceneries are Swedish, they (probably) speak a little (ancient?) Norwegian, not Swedish. And uniforms, police and medical, are probably not Swedish. If they did not even try to do the right thing - and they really gave the illusion of being in Sweden, why bother? <br /> <br /> 4/10
