I fully understand that there is no statistical data that would easily support the link between video games and real-life violence. The film is fake and fake because it is in complete contradiction with it, which I tried to emphasize in my original review. The film fails, not because I really think that these children were affected by video games, but because the film sets it up as "random" and does not follow. Let me clarify. In Aileen: The Life and Death of the Killer Series, you can see her statement about the police and the radio waves are ridiculous, yet they are so concerned, they really believe they are true. However, the viewer can make a difference. On Zero Day, two kids still say how they are not influenced by anything ecological, which is obviously untrue, because everything that contradicts. Neo-Nazism, he talks about going to CNN with Wolf Blitz (which is ridiculous not only because he knows his name but also his filthy attempt by the filmmaker to cover his bad film), etc. This film does not reveal "reality", nothing else Than perfection, proves the point. Unfortunately, you fell on bait and you did not see it, and you did not even pick it from my review. The whole film is just taking Michael Moore's hypothesis and applying it to something "real life" in the hope of confirming and failing, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the film is bad and does not support it. Of course, I do not think children playing video games are more likely to kill people, but if I'm not mistaken, a videotape did not exist in Columbine's children (or some teenagers) look a lot or behave like a Doom weapon? Hmmmmmmm, the difference is that children are most likely aware of the media, influenced, of course, balanced or intelligent enough that it is not a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I really believe there is a correlation, but because a filmmaker does not know what he's trying to say, and the film does more to defeat his point and then back it up. It's almost as if the new video game rating has made someone excited, so in retaliation they came up with "Zero Day". To see the theory of a "homeless teen-killer" torn to the right, go to Bully.
