I have to admit I was having fun because I remembered samurai movements. I looked rather inadvertently, whether it's an elitist like The Seven Samurai, or bloody comic variations like Lone Wolf and Cub. I also liked the American / Japanese "crossovery" like The Bushido Blade. And of course everything that includes Sonny Chiba and Hiroyuki Sanada. And I practically watched every samurai at least twice. But not Kabuto. In 1993, for the first time, I watched Kabut on the video, that even Samurai movies can be boring. At the beginning, I was looking forward to Maya reaching Europe and the confrontations that would come out of it, but when I really arrived in Spain, I really did not care about the film. <br /> <br /> This would not make the movie right to call it "bad." Technically, it is a pure entry into the genre. But it's simply never quiet enough. Sho Kosugi has limited capabilities as a director and actor and has only a fraction of the above-mentioned Japanese actors of charisma. And he talked about Sho Kosugis's son Kane, who appears in almost all of Sho Shougi's films as Shos's son: he has inherited limited acting skills only a little. Adding to minus points is the absence of blood and gore, which has until then been the trademark of the entire samurai film. This was, of course, intended for younger American and European audiences. Just say it's so-so a movie for the average fan of adventurous historical events, but a hole for the stubborn fans of Samurai cinema. Fans who are in the genre of "Samurai meets?" Should rather go and watch Red Sun (1971), where Charles Bronson plays as a cowboy who has to join Samurai Toshiro Mifum in order to win the Samurai sword from the bad guy Alan Delon. It's pretty good how to do it right and where Kabuto has gone wrong. So even if the film is only 100 minutes, it looks like a much longer film. <br /> <br /> The reason I gave it an honest 4/10 points instead of 3/10: I first saw this movie, I saw it in the German synchronized version. In this version, Kosugi can truly understand. I have to admit that his "Engrish" is sometimes funny but after 30 minutes it is tiresome.
