This review concerns a cut of a movie that is generally available as "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand that there is still a pending version with other shots and I hope it will contain at least eight or nine key scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as "Fury of the Wolfman". In short, the movie does not make any sense. It is utter nonsense and incomprehensible nonsense. Waldemar Daninsky, the respectable lycanthropic antihistory depicted by Pavel Nasch in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal person who has just returned from a trip to Tibet where he was attacked by the Yeti. Somehow it became a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, scientist and instructor in what looks like a college. One of his colleague, Ilona Elmann, is involved in the vague form of hypnosis ... "Chematodes", a meaningless word used to refer to a lot of wires attached to the victim's head. Ellman thinks that it will allow her to "change the direction of the human brain", naturally allowing her to rule the world, provided she brings us all together with these wires without any problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also in the werewolves because of the kidnapping of Daninsky and takes him to a hidden laboratory. He also has a lot of other people who are trapped there. Some of them look like gypsies and are chained, they are in different states of clarity. Others are obviously hippies. Elmann believes that one day he may be able to "help them to be human again" (?), But in the meantime, they are driving her chematode. Waldemar becomes her hairy man, who wanders like zombie werewolves - until the directors decide to use shots associated with another Naschs' Frankenstein's Bloody Terror (where the Naschvil waswolf is changing) like an animal. It makes sense? No? Good. This is saving the grace of the film. It does not attempt to engage in any intellectual context, but it goes full speed with any nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets that they can collect. "Fury of the Wolfman" may be the best Halloween film ever. You absolutely do not have to pay attention, and in fact, if you are, you will be completely confused.
