I saw this little magnum for the first time recently on one of those dollar DVDs that today seems to be everywhere and so nasty that I can not get in myself. For those who have never seen this charming, unhappy Mexican import and wanted to view them without being questioned by other eloquent commentaries, there are undoubtedly significant spoilers in what follows. So if you are one of those ruthless individuals, stop reading immediately and go and look at yourself. If you drink enough in advance, you may be lucky to go out before you finish. <br /> <br /> Begin with the assumption that you can become a werewolf after the yeti bite him. No one in the film attempts to explain how such a kind of implantation might occur between the species, and the rest of the film is hopelessly absurd. But pour another glass of wine (or whatever you drink) and continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy (our werewolf) has the appearance of a man who fights toothache in a city where only the dentist traded with the offer of Novocaine for the case of low whiskey and has since been drunk. (Is not that lucky?) Naschin's facial expression never changes, whether in makeup or outside, and it seems that no one has ever been coached about how to behave like a werewolf. Sometimes he attempts to emulate Lon Chaney Jr., but most of the time just walks around in his black mafia shirt, just like another cool boy with a little face. To be fair, make-up is really better than an actor inside, but continuity is infinitely worse. Naschin's werewolf is the only one I can think of changing shirts twice in the middle of prowl. He switches from a black shirt to a red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in a single, freeride night. Interestingly, he always does Chaney's blanket when he's wearing a red shirt and a cool guy walks while wearing a black T-shirt. And just when he's wearing a red shirt, we can see that he's mentioning a lot of fury in the title. Probably something about the red shirt that pulls the animal out of it. <br /> <br /> So after the bruised eyes have him, poor schmuck returns home from Tibet to find out that his wife has slept with one of his students. Two illegal lovers try to kill him by setting the brakes on his car. He will survive the wreck and make him home early on the full moon. Then, when he chews his wife and her lover, she pulls away again, and somehow he gets into the electricity stream. But is that enough? Can they let this quiet torture rest in peace? No chance. She is resurrected by an alleged female scientist with a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as "Doctor" (and certainly not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). He kicks him up, throws him away in the priestly quarry, takes him to the dungeon, hangs him against the wall and gives him a crazy whip. It is supposed that such a row of villains should be enough to be a little annoyed with a werewolf. After a two-shot shock, our wolf spends most of the rest of the movie on the swamps around the castle, finding a way out. (And who can blame him?) During his journey, he encounters an unequally incoherent cliché assortment, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a curious, insidious performer, Phantom of the Opera, and a hard-supporting squad of slave slave. <br /> <br /> And what is it all, can one reasonably ask? One has the vague impression that it has something to do with controlling the mind and involves something the Doctor calls "chemotroods." (The best estimate, I really do not know how it is written, if it is even such a thing.) Experimentally with enthusiasm will end up failing and, most importantly, it will end ... before man has time to make his own leg. <br /> <br /> Of course, it does not really make sense of such a movie, but at least it should be good for laughter. This is not. Forget it, buddy. This film is a creepy kind of anarchy, from its intertwined, tequila-elevated atmosphere to its horror filmmaking and agonizing musical score that refutes even the strongest attempts to make any type of MST3K laugh out of it. If it's not good, why is it good for you? If Montezuma's revenge could somehow be digitally remastered and put on DVD, it would look exactly like this movie.
