"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" creates a completely separate story that does not seem to fit with previous films by Waldemar Daninsky. Some have commented that this film is to be held before the "Wrewolf Shadow" events, although it was released later ... they may be right, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this film, Waldemar Daninsky strikes the Tibetan Yeti (a big dialogue here - "It was Yeti, but it's impossible, I'm a scientist and these things do not exist, it's a hallucination That's all.") And despite being marked with a pentagram , can prevent change from becoming a werewolf until he finds his wife cheating. When she turns to the beast one night, she kills her and her lover before she runs into the storm and threatens with electricity. It is not long before the Dominatrix resurrected a university professor who performs some indescribable experiments with mind control. He is taken to the underground cellar of the castle, where the objects of these experiments live as chain animals. First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, if you want to call him, it's a good actor and he cares about his work. No matter how these movies are faulty, you can always rely on it for decent performance. The rest of the cast seems good enough, but it's hard to tell when they have half ass in the voice over all their lines. And that was really a major problem for me ... many of the vocal artists they used were just terrible, terrible, terrible. Whenever I laughed during the movie, it was an incomprehensible way that they released their lines (it seems to be constantly talking about a hero like "Waldeman"). But unfortunately, it's almost impossible to find cover copies of Nasch films, although they are sometimes available in the native language without captions. Jose Maria Zabalze looks like a hit-and-miss. There are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are poorly built and poorly adapted, especially in the final scenes when it really counts. The reason was that Zabálza was probably drunk most of the time on a set. He allowed his 14-year-old nephew to overwrite Molinin's dialogue, use extra without his permission, and cut several pictures of Molina's younger films. All this largely destroyed every chance that this film was supposed to be one of Molina's best works, and it is no surprise that these two never collaborated. But that's not all bad news because there are good ideas here. Some aspects of the story make an interesting psychological career with the werewolf as a metaphor of jealousy and rage. The "Werewolf as the idea of ​​Yeti" is the one who returned to later work of Molina. There's a terrible and unreal thing in the basement, and there's also a very recollected sequence in which the Daninsky moves from house to house through the village, killing or harassing innocent when it comes - it's one scene but it's actually lifted directly from Molina the first film "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with several other shots. In fact, I made the film as very fun, although there are some problems with Front Row Entertainment, such as clear cuts (though some may be due to the lack of continuity of the director). God knows what omissions are - I will probably try to get my hands into the uncut version at some stage in the future. This is a pretty decent piece of vintage Nascha, which was experienced by fans, but it could have been much better, so it probably would not be a great introduction.
