Waldemar Daninsky (Paul Naschy) travels to Tibet and is hosted by yeti, which makes him a werewolf. He is accidentally killed after he attacks his deceiving wife and her lover, and is later revived by a female scientist, Dr. Ilona Ermann, who uses him in control experiments of the mind. Daninsky later discovered underground asylum inhabited by bizarre subjects of unsuccessful physician attempts. After listening to Naschy's death from colleague Jon Kitley, I passed through my collection to watch a suitable movie. In my explosion, I discovered that I own not one but three (!) Copies of "Fury of the Wolfman". The film is questionable picture quality, sound is nicknamed in the average way, cinematography is sometimes a type of miserable style. And the American version has two love scenes removed. Quite frankly, without an improved copy I did not really get the right film in all his glory. This film claims to be the fourth of a long series about the werewolf Count Waldemar Daninsky. I suspect this is true, but you would not know it from the movie. The plot is sometimes confusing and there really is no indication that it is a sequel. If you read the summaries of drawings on Wikipedia and compare them with what is printed on the box, you will see that I am not alone in my confusion. Perhaps the shortcomings of the film may be forgiven if we understand the production of the hell it has gone through. While hovering this year, it was released in 1973 due to problems in finding a distributor. A Naschy in his autobiography said that director Zabalza was an incompetent alcoholic and hated working with him. You really are not an easy charge, and I have no idea what Zabalza is supposed to call herself. <br /> <br /> It is likely that sooner or later you will come across a low-quality version of "Fury Wolfman". It appears in a series of three packages and box sets, so you can get them by chance and you do not even know it. What really has to happen is the American uncut version with decent sound and a mix of video clips and hunting scenes that are coming back. As far as I know, it does not exist. Let's celebrate Pavel Naschy's legacy and get his films to a wider audience of the quality he deserves.
