Bad Actors, bad filming, torn dialogues, shallow figures, but again it was bad assumptions in the first place. In fact, he is 11 years old, who is bullied because he has little money and is given an empty check of a dirty criminal. Of course, an eleven-year-old man has enough technology and intelligence to buy a house, a check for $ 1,000,000, and even a foil of three stupid idiots reminiscent of three cages. <br /> <br /> Preston Blake is an unpleasant, unpleasant guy who decides that if he writes blank control of a complete stranger, he will make the best of it. In other words, he goes to the bank, gives the treasurer the control he has done in his printer, and miraculously sets off with a million dollars in cash. Preston is also likely to be able to achieve incredible speeds on his bike, since a man running Jaguar after Preston and his 10 speeds could not catch him, even though Preston jumped a number of cars. <br /> <br /> Of course, in every hokey adventure film, there must be a hot hero. In this case, our hot heroine is the FBI child's aggravating agent, dating back to 11-year-old Preston, and promises the next day when he becomes 17. Absolutely the worst aspect of this film was not his casting or his sloppy dialogue like " how can I think of catching a cat is to hold the hose up, it's an ass and then pick up the fur. " It was more of a fact that no one in the whole movie realized that the FBI did not do damned random people. What I could not explain is that Preston uses the alias "Macintosh" to masquerade as a businessman of that kind. Of course, the FBI is interested in this and sends our young heroine after Preston, who uses his 11-year-old joke, first screamed when lobsters appeared on his cheek, then treated him with burgers and finished a ridiculous shout over a hardened area, a water jet from country. Our heroine can not realize throughout the adventure that the FBI criminal is slipping and sliding over these two when they get to Preston's limousine, supplemented by a 1-dimensional driver who never gives the cheap that the whole family can suffocate. <br /> <br /> Overall: 1/10 is incredibly gracious for this movie. I do not know how it's just 4,4 / 10.
