I honestly did not know that Notorious B.I.G. (Bert I. Gordon director, not assassinated rapper) was still active in the 1980s! I've always assumed that the cheap "Ants Empire" stood as the last masterpiece in a horror genre, but that was before my dirty little hands came across the old and dusty VHS copy "The Coming," totally obscure and unheard of in a magical movie that actually proved to be a pleasant surprise! What begins as a seemingly atmospheric story of the late dark age soon becomes stupid when a villager from 1692 inexplicably transmits to today's Salum in Massachusetts and immediately attacks the girl in the historic museum. You see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Ann Putman, who in 1692 was a bona fide evil girl and falsely accused more than twenty people of practical witchcraft that led to their executions in the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wanted his revenge. But the poor and three centuries older Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl? Or is it her? "Burned on the Stage" develops as a mix between "Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" with a bit of "The Time Machine" tossed in good measure. Journey, Bert! The story becomes stronger and more meaningless with every new twist, but at least never goes beyond a complete boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary witches such as The Dunwich Horror and The Devonsville Terror. The film moves back and forth between the events of today and the shows of 1692; which keeps it fun and fast. Ann Putman's girl is a pretty fascinating character, reminiscent of the character of Abigail Williams in the more well-known stage play "The Crucible" (also portrayed by Winon Ryer in the 1996 film). There are several cold death sequences, such as a cemetery teacher or a journalist in the library, who are committed by a donation of a maligned reverend who has signed an agreement with Ann Putman and perhaps even the Devil himself. The film ends up rather salvation and totally absurd, but overall there is some good cheese entertainment. And the smallest thing you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he has certainly built some overhead over the years.
