I remember a certain Tuesday, the morning of June 18, 2002, to be accurate. I was crippled and tried to convince myself to get out of bed when there was a terrible explosion. I went to the kitchen, where I saw several quarters in southern Jerusalem and saw a rising smoke from the distant point, the sight of the smoke followed a minute later when the sirens blew. I remember dropping into my bedroom, pulling out the telescope, turning over to the kitchen, and seeing the image of the broken glass bus. The bus was still near the station, where a terrorist got to her, and with only one click on the TNT, she killed 25 passengers, many of whom were on their way to school. The wife of a good friend sat on a bus in the back row, a seemingly arbitrary and insignificant decision that saved my life. I'm sure every Israel has at least one threat - the related memory she desperately wants, and it was just a matter of time before someone made a movie about it. As it turned out, the film was about to become a suppressed memory. The film is about playing on a dry song, Haim Buzaglo (portrayed, hmmm, Haim Buzaglo who also wrote and directed the film), who spent a better part of his day conducting the competition looking with his blank page of word processor. Meanwhile, his girlfriend, a field reporter for an Israeli commercial channel, decides to make a piece about the officer's ex-army officer. Buzaglo, bored and a little paranoid because of what is therapeutically known as "what on earth this hot babe is dating me" syndrome, asks for a private eye to interview his girlfriend. As a detective advances in his investigation, his observations penetrate the game and later into the life of her actors. Meanwhile, the game turns from comic play to indictment against the lack of Israeli society. In terms of film, the film becomes an exercise in madness education, set in small cardboard figures and unreliable dialogue circuits, while deviating from the object to look at at first glance. <br /> <br /> When I say "cardboard characters", I'm talking about attitudes that, as a writer / director's obsession with "meaningful" film, lacked real dialogues and any evidence of reliability. I will not develop it too much. Just say that I'm sure homeless male prostitutes rarely go to the theater. With the intention of seeing the game, it is. <br /> <br /> This film, according to Haim Buzagl himself, is the first part of the current agenda trilogy. I sincerely hope that the other two films will be derived from experiences like the one I wrote about at the beginning of my review, unlike the very world of characters that are nothing but existent and a conspiracy that is something that is insurmountable. /> <br /> 4 of 10 in my FilmOmeter. <br /> <br /> PS This movie was a landmark in economy. It was filmed in ten days, the entire cast was played for free and the total cost of the film was about $ 12,000 (no, I missed zero or two, twelve thousand dollars). You are wondering why it took $ 34,000 to complete the Blair Witch Project.
