Goodness is this movie bad. I was totally misled by my local film review because it is certified garbage. Yeah, yeah, good guys wear white, bad boys wear black ... and good guys always win. Now go home and explain your kids and feel how good you feel from Hollywood. Blech! I can not believe that this dead film was created by Wes Craven. I guess he just needs a little money to pay a mortgage, so he made that piece of dung. It's a kind of production that makes people watching movies regularly think they could do so good or better than such an experienced director. You see, an evil guy wants a sweet girl who loves his father to do the wrong thing or it hurts his dad. But being Mrs Allameričanka next to her, we know she'll save that day and beat the bad ... end. Girl too ROCKS. C'mon now, just an idiot would find it fun ... "roller coaster ride," let alone something fresh or new. All the "super-duper" reviews you see on this page are from industrial hackers who either make money from this movie because they sell their soul to the devil. Rachael McAdams is beautiful ... yeah, that's it. It's not a good performance, not a terrible ... she's just cute. He will have to show a lot of skin to save this film. She is not hard enough to be a good female action line. <br /> <br /> Cillian Murphy was at least 28 days passable. But here he plays a silly villain who pretends to be smart. He gets his ass kicked in 5'5 '' McAdams because after all, he was a cheerleader ... and a hockey player ... and I'm sure he owns all the Tae Bo tapes. So he should be able to kick off an international terrorist. I would not believe him to steal the gum pack of 7-11. You see, this movie was earlier than before it did well. Go again to rent some of Die Hard. You have loved ones in danger, international terrorists, except that the characters are more sympathetic and believable, and the bad people are much more competent and interesting. I simply do not understand how Hollywood could continue to do bullshit, as if they did not know the right models they could easily duplicate. No wonder the film's income is down. <br /> <br /> Throw your $ 6 down on the toilet and save 2 hours of your life, never come back. <br /> <br /> ciao, FreddyShoop
