I have seen thousands of films and I have never come to a review, but the Red Eye I witness is contrary to the hot honors sent here that I have to offer my two cents to protest - and vote for the lowest possible score to bring the average to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a boring, boring, glowing film that is memorable only for his apologizing for a terrorist target (John Bolton-esquire bully diplomat, who is really a great guy, you do not know) and oh-so-nice and popular Dr. Phil (whose bestseller book teaches to read frequent flyers around the world). The only real red eye I've ever experienced was that I do not believe my eyes. <br /> <br /> Before you win $ 10 or so for this movie B, read the 'Quote from the trailer' above and ask yourself if you're really enjoying the movie with the smartest lines. Unfortunately nothing else in this movie is better. The underlying premise is as hell as hell; it is stationary and uninitiated, completely absent for / chemist antagonist; the voltage potential is thwarted at each step - except for the last five minutes - by poor routing and pretreatment; the scenario is full of inconsistency as: early detection of the heroine as the university's lacrosse stars are being questioned when later fighting with the antagonist by a hockey stick; and plotting holes are wider than the first class (while character development is strictly a coach). And then the moments of extreme ridicule, like the high official's daughter, do not threaten the safety of the airports, at her first opportunity to warn her of a murderous plot against the head of Homeland Security and her father. Or, when the same woman runs hell-bent skin on smooth airport linoleum, the pistons are pumping and the veins on the neck are bent while wearing 4 inches of heel. Or if her pursuer also chases a sucking blow into the trachea. Or when terrorists use a fishing pole to bring their gun out of the bottom freaking. I'm always willing to break the mistrust, but I'm not going to jump from 30.00 feet without a parachute. One good thing I can say about this film is that it shows women who are able (even in bimbo form) to handle the most extreme emergencies - the kind of gender imaging that is poorly available in American films. In addition, this movie never looks and is no more exciting than a red eye flight from Boston to NY. Do you remember how you last cheated fraudulent trailers and hot bills - at this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the red eye video and do not look at it.
