Wes Craven, you laugh ... at our expense. The red eye is terrible ... We stand in front of a guy who apparently spent 8 weeks looking at the girl who then appeared at the airport behind her, flirting and trying to handle it successfully. a two-seater space that is not trapped in the middle of five seats (contacts on arrival) and is buzzing during painful complexity. Once in the air, in a confined space surrounded by strangers, she immediately begins to threaten the unpleasant, though very effective, Rachel McAdams and says tosh as "we have a dad, we do what I say, or a pop." Well, forgive me but no longer ready for the defeat of your father - so long as you were going to the plane and so it would not be oh, so it's much easier, the street and somewhere terrorize her in the room, forgetting the complicated and insecure plotting plot, pulling the nails or so , until it required all the important "calls" or even - because these are movies and we need some unrealistic twists - leave the stupid thing in distress in distress intact if necessary but dress it better to keep it in the wrong until it is closed If we do not want to sound like a real thinker terrorist / killer - we could not have a massive bazooka-rocket vou thang employed much easier to use, say, a highway car, with a politician inside, rather than a 50th story of the hotel's waterfront in Miami, a fishing boat (do you think, as we know, security in Miami is lax, so it speeds up)? I know, I know, much more fun going through watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks, the burgle of her dad's house steal his wallet (that some - the star trek style - is being transported from Miami to Texas immediately) to - possibly - have it made to arrange politics to change the hotel room, and ... and ... Well, a thousand things could be wrong, each of them completely destroyed the Big Plan, so why not cut the elements to a reasonable handful of a - 1st bazooka. 2. car. 3rd boom! My 50-minute home cinema trip was exhausted and highlighted the abundance of mistakes and silly twists of Hitchcock, which was sadly the best fun thing to do. And with regard to security at Miami airport ... we have an obviously crazy and violent girl running on an airplane, persecuted by police officers who sit in pursuit to have coffee, move elsewhere to read a magazine at the bar, then run again like a fool up and down through the terminal ... now he is also being pursued by crazy Cillian Murphy (without CCTV?) - I had my weapons on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at the Miami airport a couple of years back. So instead of talking to the cops - her allies - or getting to the blower on the phone box directly to her father to warn her that his life is in danger, McAdams instead stole the family driver at the airport in front of the building (call the damn safety ...) and you will go home to Daddy, mowing the killer with the vehicle in the front garden of the house, in the rich district district, crushing the front porch in the process - an act that really wakes your father out of the afternoon after about one minute somehow they will not be able to register with neighbors who are not even slightly curious, so they will secure another 15 minutes to hide and look for shenanigans as a duo running around a huge Hollodeck house. Dohhh, it's a pain to think about it all - Cillian (renamed Silly 'un for doing this) will absurdly change from an ice killer to a comically unhappy (and stupid) crazy killer at the end of this theoretically merciless human envoy life n allowing the father to live to watch his daughter as he cooks the goose. I'd rather stop because the noise I'm writing here sounds uncoordinated as a red-eye scenario. If Mrs McAdams could not get on the plane, it could be changed, from 'Red Eye' to 'No Eye, Dear'. RR
