Rajinikanth is born again after he has acquired the magical power he can use seven times. <br /> <br /> There are several issues with this movie that are obvious to an irregular audience: 50 as Rajinikanth is still home with his parents; the father of a girl next to her thinks she is a convincing "boy" ("vaseekaramaana paiyan"); Rajinikanth suddenly interrupts the film with a sermon, the worst is how women from the ancient times have done their work through homework - yet we have to believe it is not a theist; even though he was well read, he lost six of his seven powers to a silly dragon; I can go on, but you get a picture. They are gods, they are gods and there is Rajinikanth. The directory has difficulty adapting Rajinikantha to one of these categories. Initially, Rajinikanth is just Rajinikanth by what the Tamil heroes do - to stand up to the villains, and despite being the oldest, she is the most beautiful girl in the movie. Rajinikanth does it well and some of the Rajinikanth styles are really nice - "baba count" is new. What makes this movie unbearable is that the few initial minutes are just the preface to the worst book ever to be written. Even this preface is interrupted by a comedy that is forced and obvious. The director does not explain the purpose of the hero; we see that the hero faces several obstacles (from politicians as usual), but we can not really root for a hero, because we do not know what the hero's ultimate goal is. Finally, when everyone wants to be a leader, the hero gives another of his sermons and leaves to become a hermit. The Director does not offer any solution to the problem at the top. <br /> <br /> A. Rehman's score is really interesting. Either shows shimmering spots or did not bother to invest in this movie - who can blame him. There is one scene where Rajinikanth enters the delivery of one of the scammers and then throws the knife and starts his baba count. Music is very suitable for the moment and acts as a catalyst that adds more tension. All the songs are average and after a few years no one will be interested in the songs from this film. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, 1 is the lowest position you can assign to IMDb. This film contains all the elements that justify its correct place in the ranking of IMDb.
