In this unique drawing of pure beauty are moments, but overall it is not very good. Restricted animations, as well as substandard character and background design, reduce the attractiveness of the mass market. The figure of the character looks like a cross between the original star wars Clone Wars and Disney Kim Possible (Brendan, the main character in this case also bears similarity to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible). The design of the background is so far-reaching, insignificant and depressing, stylish and sharp, yet according to today's standards, it is still poor and cheap. Many of the backgrounds are not related to East European or Nordic animation since the mid-1980s, which is nice in its own way, but for the modern children's audience, used for CG straw celebrations and talking dogs with every piece of fur on their body that swings in the wind, is will surely disappoint. The story is also not too involved, and many voice actors are not very impressive, apparently usually brilliant Brendan Gleeson, who seems to be calling in his part. There are also a few secondary characters who appear to be slightly cliché and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, Vikings villains, though underused are well done and are specifically a precursor in both appearance and sound. There is one point when the main characters and their mentor rescue the Wolves from a Viking attack that is very well constructed. Appearance and feeling also seemed to be very inspired by the Watership Down movie, including the spectacular tearing / honoring of the Rabbit Inlay Spirit. The view is also clearly and evidently inspired by the Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo-Saxon art, so if you get into these subjects you can attract it. The film also has moments of very nicely structured shots that lead the eye in a very artistic way, including a nice match and a great Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. The best of all is music, a lot of background music is melodic and moving, specifically a song of a spirit girl who is really beautiful and scary and works very well with the paintings she covers. If the whole movie was as poetic as this moment (and it tries), then it would be a very beautiful and poetic film that unfortunately would not reach a wide audience, but it is not a shame that it will not reach a wider audience, because most of they are average and cheap and do not conform to modern animation standards. Overall, a film that clearly divided my view in many ways, but not all together, but it is worth watching music and a song and sometimes a nice or creepy moment. Yeah, and the cat seemed to live long, did not know how it was possible.
