DOWN TO THE COUNTRY / (2001) * (out of four) <br /> <br /> Blake French: <br /> <br /> "Down on Earth" is such a misguided and desperate comedy, a couch watching the Chris comedy Chris Rock on TV, looking like heaven. When we talk about heaven, the film is based on 1978 "Heaven Can Wait." It was a good film, and that's good - to show how a group of aspirational screenwriters can take decent material and turn them into rubbish. Chriss and Paul Weitz are missing almost every target. From story to story, "Down on Earth" fails; it's one incredibly poor production. Chris Rock is a miserable comedian, both in his role in this film and in real life. He plays Lance Barton, whose manager (Frankie Faison) even likes it when it's night amateur night at the local theater. Soon after the script shows his lack of talent, the character is killed by a fast truck. The death that Eugene Levy plays has made a mistake when Lance was taken out before his number was taken out. God's assistant (Chazz Palminteri) is very upset and decides that Lance will leave the rest of the time on Earth if he has the only available body of a 60 year old white millionaire. <br /> <br /> The name of the old man is Mr Wellington, whose life has his own problems. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) has a relationship with his assistant (Greg German), who is stripping him of his money. But that's fine because Lance, inside Mr. Wellington, fell in love with a young black woman named Sontee (Regina King.) Meanwhile there are land kill Wellington, Lance tries to get a better body and Sonnets confused feelings that deal with a hospital situation involving Wellington's finances. <br /> <br /> "Down on Earth" has some good ideas, but they are in senseless and unconvincing love stories full of riots and recycled material. The biggest problem we are experiencing is how we perceive Lance as Mr. Wellington. Chris Rock is an actor with popularity and publicity, so he will not be out of the movie; all the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is good for a love story; we believe the young woman will fall behind Lance, but in reality it's really an old, gray-haired child. This is not so convincing. A comic situation with one joke is to watch an old man who does the fun things a young black man really does. But what makes a laugh is when the characters encounter conflicts without their consciousness. Just look at "There's something about Mary." In fun scenes, characters are exposed to unpleasant experiences and not to their will. Here Lance knows he's in the old man's body and does what old people do not normally do. If Lance did not know the body he was in at that time, he could have the potential. Another problem with the concept: Mr. Wellington has never met, so how do we compare Lance in his body when we do not know what he was originally. At the top of everything, Chris Rock must be the center of attention and makes the character too much like Rock. It presents simple routine jokes that are boring and painful; his dialogue is so obvious, wooden and straightforward. I hated the sense of humor of the film. There are so many unfortunate jokes and terrible comic situations. It's like watching Chris Rock, which is Chris Rock, not in the movie. <br /> <br /> Let's highlight the positives in "Down to Earth". Mark Addy does nothing worse here than in "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas." Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are well occupied, but they are at the mercy of the scalped scenario. These are all the good qualities that I can mention at this time, and if he gave me another week to remember, it's unlikely that I will come with it anymore.
