Chris Rock deserves better than himself in Down to Earth. As the brothers Chris & Paul Weitz tells of the fame of "American Pie," this impersonal remake of the 1978 Warren Beatty series, "Heaven Can Wait," a 1941 rechash "Here comes Mr. Jordan", he lacks abrasive profane humor, Rock and Emmy for their first HBO specialty. Predictably throws cries from A to Z, but consciously avoids the F-word. Anyone who saw this gifted African-American comedian in "Lethal Weapon 4", "Dogma" or "Betty Sister" knows that F-word can cause more laughter than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy combined. Unfortunately, despite some humorous "one-liners," "Down to Earth," they hit Rock's Rock, both as a comedy comedy and unlikely interracial romance. "Down to Earth" completely destroys any goodwill, the Brothers have generated their dominant rough face "American Pie". This one-off cut qualifies as a comedy and comedy comedy with a totally unlikely color blind interracial romance. Unfortunately, more than competent cast, including Mark The Addy, Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This", "SCTV" Eugene Levy, and newly arrived Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr., a foot role. Hardcore Rock fans undoubtedly blame their favorite comedian for trying to fix something that has never been broken. Written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK and Rock, "Down to Earth" takes Chris as a messenger, who rides a bicycle at Big Apple and Harlem at Apollo. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffers from a heavy audience. However, his charity manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") holds him over strong and thin. After Lance learns that Apollo Theater has one last amateur night extravaganza, she encourages Whitney to get him into the set. I'm sorry, but if Lance is so comic, why is Apollo still inviting him? Meanwhile, the fate for Lance has been different. When riding a motorcycle bike, our protagonists discover the good mistress Sonnet (King of Regina "Jerry Maguire"), who walks through the street but does not see the bus he encounters and kills him. Wham! Lance Barton levitates in the direction of the sky with the shadow that stretched around his head. In the sky, which resembles a cruise ship nightclub, Lance learns that the lifelong angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay tuned"), prematurely made a 40-year-old death. Heavenly Honcho Mr Kral (Chazz Palminteri of "Analyze This"), God's right man, apologizes and accompanies Lance back to earth. The trick is that Lance can not recover his corpse, so he has to have another body. The best with whom Mr. Keyes comes is the merciless, white 60-year-old mogul Charles Wellington. Wellington's adulteress Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his ruthless personal counselor Winston (Greg Germann of "Sweet November") tried to poison him. Reluctantly, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance will accept conditionally as a lender until Keyes finds a more suitable body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington again meets Sontee. She is a nurse activist who protests against the decision to privatize the Brooklyn Hospital, which serves the poor. While Regina King brings charisma enthusiasm to her crucifixion role, she plays a character that circumvents a credible motivation in her affairs with Wellington. Although not black, Lance not only tries to pick up Sonnet but also wins a concert at Apollo. "Down to Earth" represents Rock in its most dangerous role. Comic's reason for filming this movie is obviously controversial. He announced that he had lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he loved the original screenplay that writer Elaine May had written for Beatty. Initially, Beatty attempted suicide in his own version and tried to reveal Muhammad Ali in the title role "Heaven Can Wait". The deal failed and Beatty himself shot the film. According to Rock, his longtime co-authors, and he thought they could "destroy" this classic. In addition, he explained his choice of "Heaven Can Wait" on the basis of his philosophy "Doing Something You Can Do Only When You Are Hot". Earlier, Rock rejected the rapper's busload scenario because he saw only a few opportunities to stretch his image in such a trip. As a soulless comedian in "Down on Earth," Rock does not interfere with his image because he turns him to the worst! This half-baked concert film with annoying conspiracy is doing so much to cremate its comic renown as the Weitz Brothers do! You know, the movie about the comic is in a tight state when a scene in the nightclub is playing, so you can not hear jokes, just laugh. Similarly, Mark Addy's separation from Butington from Wellington, which speaks English, but is actually common from Michigan. Addy is a real Englishman and may not have a false accent; his accent is real. The main breakthrough problem with "Down to Earth" is the re-off-re-look-like-switches that the characters do so Chris Rock will not disappear completely out of sight for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spent half of the film as Wellington's white guy, the audience sees him mostly as Lance, underestimating the comic irony to watch his lean, bald, Caucasian white, alter-ego fill the ghetto humor and sings the derogatory hip-hop lyrics. Rock has been incredibly used twice as a film producer and one of four of his scribes. The secret is how such a quantity of talent could crush such an unpleasant, misleading confusion of comedy. The only redemption of the "Down to Earth" feature is the outstanding Jamshied Sharifi orchestral film.
