I think "Best of Times" was the lost thing to get. The initial assumption (the guy falls the winning touchdown against the middle school's opponent team, never seems to overcome and then tries to reconnect the two teams to play again) is one of the deepest I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton has continued writing more high-quality sports films, I wonder if there will be more to it. I hope that this film was not enlightened by Shelton, as he wrote it above. <br /> <br /> So we have a premise. From here, you would be thinking or hoping that a number of changes could occur on the way to keeping things alive. No luck. This script follows every predictable cliché that you think. There is not a moment when this film would not have seen it come a mile before the movie reveals it and the end ... well, if you can not find the end of the first reel, then you did not pay attention or see any other sporting movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell stars (and bored) in leadership. Williams is a bad schmuck who dropped a big pass and Russell is a quarterback who fired the fate. Gee, do you think Russell will once again be comfortable to find out if Williams is doing badly that the city has never forgotten? This is such a lame duckling comedy with a lame dagger script that one can only shake his head and wonder what might be. Sure there are a few giggles and, to be honest, there is one really funny scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems, and women call them for dinner to solve things. Neither guy realizes they were invited on Monday and yes, Monday night football is on. Since both teams play a combined one victory, men (especially Williams) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game takes place. The scene dissolves into some funny bits when Williams checks the score by visiting the bathroom as a rush. When he returns, he scores the score on Russell. Later, when Russell begins to make moves on his wife, Williams casts television to their view from another room. It's an inspired and funny scene in most uninvited and silly movie.
