Blank check is one of those movies for kids that could have been a fun thriller for kids, but instead it's a tired guy at home ripoff himself, who is not worth the dime. Quigley is a criminal who escaped from prison and gets a big hidden million dollars and then we meet Preston a disappointed child whose room his brothers take over to start a business, and obviously his father treats brothers better because they make money the same day he goes to a child the birthday party, and when his father is left, he goes to little children while the other kids go on roller coasters, then they get a birthday card and check $ 11 how cheap this family is? So he goes to the bank to open an account and meets the beautiful Shea Stanley when the parents meet with the fans? finds that he needs 200 to open an account while Quigley gives a million friend to his banker and finds that the bills are marked by sending a bug on behalf of the juice to get unmarked when Preston leaves his lap, prepares to check by seeing the cops and screws back at home, his parents trying to get him out of his empty wheel, and get on what? their boy almost escaped and cared for the bike? So, Preston will go through a $ 1 million check on his computer, and he'll be back, only to be accompanied by a banker who thinks it's a juice that gives Preston money, but the real juice has come to light and someone has deceived him! So Preston buys a lock under the name of a Macintosh who gets a limousine that says unfortunate jokes and continues in epic shopping, then she'll see she's talking about opening her baby you've read and talking about opening an account? Soon we realized that Shea is actually an FBI agent who watches Quigley and his two other complants, then tells his cheap dad that he has a job for Mr. Macintosh and spent a day riding because he played on the field and drove out with a friend on a limousine he sets out on a date with Sheou in a fantastic restaurant, what a 10 year old food and food 20 agent FBI? She then takes her to a street geyser and plays in the water, causing Shea to have 300 dollar dresses, and yet she realizes it if it's a little realistic to slap him for spoiling for her expensive dresses, so Quigley and the others are still madly interrogating a little boy and quickly pouring the beans, and Preston is being pursued by Quigley in the scene from the original screenplay and after hosting the birthday of Mr. Macintosse, which is his birthday when he finds out he can not pay for the party he sits in his chair and dad talking to the Macintosh who does not know it's his son he talks about and talks about that Preston should be a real kid and he's got a whole child ahead of him and wants Preston to come home soon? an hour ago you were grilling him about his finances! so Preston asks everyone to go and sit alone thinking when Quigley and the others are crashing into the house to make Preston pay and so face him in the finale that breaks out of the house Quigley himself revolves around in the ball while Preston leads the card the juice gets into the slacks and the other days will appear until the trio gets to Preston, and if it seems like hope is lost Shea and lots of SWAT guys come to save the day so quigley and his crew are sent to jail but there's some hope on Preston and Shey? there she is and she kisses him on his lips what? what? what? Birth of a woman kissing a baby on her lips. come ona she is mentally disabled? Am I referring to the FBI agenda that knows the laws of the country could risk her career in killing the child? she could be arrested on the spot! and the most wild part of all is that she does not go away and she will see him in 6 or 7 years! and so she returns home to a family celebrating her birthday so the morale of the story is love and respect can be bought? What do you smoke? The bottom line is that it's a waste of time Morals are stunned is flat like a tortilla a baby is annoying villains are a chrome comic relief is not funny brothers are unlikable Dad's even worse romantic subplot is a haunted plot of monsters and the only austerity grace is cinematography from the pope who continued filming a matrix trilogy and two spider films so people do not waste money and go home alone. <br /> <br /> It was Samuel Franco.
