Two years ago, Amos Kollek watched the film "Sue" in the Panorama program at the Berlin Film Festival, starring Anna Thomson in the lead. It is a film about loneliness and sex and how one thing is compensated by the other. In the same section of the festival, we now have to complain about the surplus contradiction of Sue, "Extension du domaine de la lutte", which is now trying to convince that loneliness and not having sex is one and the same problem. But unfortunately we can not compete with the "hero" (as the storyteller calls it) because it is unnecessarily and inconceivably tired of society and itself. My own mistake, sorry. I do not get him. It's not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit that it's not his ruined self-confidence or the passivity of his personality that has brought him so far, but the rotten society and her image of sexuality. Yes, there is some deeper insight into gender relations, but we will not follow it yet ... And that's more like a signal of reflection on his own share of fate that does not have sex. Who did not notice it yet, it's a pretty depressing film ... <br /> <br /> At the beginning, some ideas were more accurate in the sketch of the situation. In the bedroom, the "hero" talks about the obstacles that buy new beds. Maybe it's too wide when you get up the stairs, you have to stay at home for half a day ... This is a satire about a figure who does not know that she would take her life and heart, do something ... Film does not about your character with helplessness. No one believes that "our hero" can incite Tisseranda to murder. Too dull, too kind, too passive (not to mention the complex of Tisserand, it has blocking, but of course it can not be the killer of women!). Completion: There are women and the world, it is not a device of a modern sex society. It will help you as you can, but do not follow the news and the "wisdom" of this film that announces the bankruptcy of human relationships without grasping real conflicts inside.
