There have been many Bigfoot films, most of which are not good, but at least they have a charm for them. Sasquatch Hunters does not even have that. It's just a crash. Sasquatch Hunters is a group of paleontologists, primatologists and forest rangers who are taking off to a remote part of the Northwest Pacific Forest. In this area, bones belonging to an abnormally large primate have been discovered and, since human apes are not natural to North America, it is a scientific expedition. Sure, he will soon discover the entire burial ground full of skeletal remains of these huge monkeys. I think we all know what happens to the people who cancel the ancient burial ground in the movies. The first half of the film consists of uninteresting, interchangeable characters that make up their gear, walk through the woods, stop the rest, walk through the wood for longer, stop long enough to explore and explore a few finds along the way, but go even further through the forest, a group that disappeared, walked even more through the woods, dug dirt, accidentally theorize and gather around the campfire to discuss what they did little about that day. When Sasquatch finally appears, it only changes to people who find themselves in the dark while they are picked one by one (they have made a flicker, and you have missed it and the actual killing is outside the camera). All this is unbearably boring. The film wants to be taken seriously, and the director is clearly trying to build up tension, but we can not find anyone, and so we stay with boring, drawn scenes, people walk in the woods just to get somewhere and wander through the forest at night and try to worry. I would lie if I said I was not liberally using the fast forward button to speed up those scenes. <br /> <br /> As for any other character in the movie, Sasquatch does not have much to do and lacks a different personality. It looks like a Shaggier version of King Kong, which is not all bad except scenes in which CGI was used instead of the Bigfoot costume man, which is painfully visible in scenes with unconventional lights. Part of me can not help, but I feel that the use of computer effects that will bring Bigfoot to life is tad sacrilegious. If there is a single film monster that I think should be just alive due to the situation, it's Bigfoot. This is one of those films that does not have as many conspiracies as it is. This is all that is really the premise that was attended by people filming a feature film without trying to add all the ingredients to create a valuable film.
