For anyone who loves predictable movies with terrible soundtracks, inadequate conversation, wazoo clichés, and stereotypes typical of American film, do not look any further. DreamWorks, whether he wanted to save money on vocal talent, or really wanted to create an animated National Geographic episode; in any case, they managed to provide a rather boring and boring film. Ghost: Stallion Cimarron is a cheerful fest that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and he does not like it despite the tremendously polite theme of animals that triumph over humans. After you look around the wonderful animations, what's left is nothing but a mess. The spirit is about a stallion that looks like a lot of handful since the beginning of the movie because it is a horse that can not be tamed, calmed or controlled. Because of this, he rises and becomes the leader of his group of highly temperamental horses, including his mom. But his life of freedom and run suddenly stops because it is captured by a group of Americans in the process of linking the wild west with other countries. During this time, Spirit (never actually named himself almost in the movie) is engaging with a brave indigenous American and his female horse, and also has a lot of escape with cynical and cruel army men who apparently do not believe in giving up. Why do movies have to mix computer animations with traditional ones? It looks like an eye, something Spirited Away suffered as well. The best example is when a train chases the Spirit; you see a hand drawn spirit running from an animated train. It would look much better if it was one or the other, but not both; unless you can actually pull some nice effects. Beauty and Zvěřina famous dance sequence uses computer animation, but it is not nearly as obvious as the train or snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the best-looking part of the film, a bit sad to see the rest of the film slip in quality. The little scene has more; I mean a few similar shots of a simple face, in my opinion quite repetitive and annoying. Children could look forward to this film, but with a lack of dialogue, songs, and motivation, it could be the perfect technique in making hyper children sleep. While Disney is being criticized for its animated musicals, it ends up more fun than a more realistic storytelling approach like this one. Bryan Adams has no place in this movie and why Hans Zimmer stays in this film when it comes to a story that takes place in the Old West, away from the Western theme? The soundtrack sounds a little bit when you ask me. At the very least they use realistic sounds of horses, which are two points. But if you refrain from horses talking, why do they even have to break their birthdays so often, which is the main character? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are nice and Western people are evil, killing natives, torturing horses, noisy, psychopathic monsters that have to be destroyed. More or less this is what the Spirit shows us. It will reach a point where the audience will try to hate wild West travelers; even had a scene of several horses that dragged a huge train up the hill and another scene destroyed the whole native village. Now, a man with whom the spirit was friendship betrayed him more than once, yet it is forgiveness, perhaps because he is not a soldier; it is or because he has a rough female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not exactly the sacrifice for which we should apologize; the viewer should sympathize with the Spirit despite threatening the entire group of horses, causing a trigger, and even possibly leading to some extraordinary deaths that are quickly pushed aside because no, the Spirit has trouble! This film is quite rhythmic, as we can see in more cases that the Spirit escapes from strings, kicks people around, destroys property, frees horses, and then recaptured - all in that order. It seems that even writers have obsession with the rocks because they are sprinkled throughout the film; for the Old West movie there is certainly very little room for scuba diving. Bottom Line: This is certainly not a Disney movie, in fact it is a bad thing, even though it was what they tried. So instead of a typical musical, we get a boring movie that becomes predictable, boring and slow in more cases. Even decent animation becomes inconsistent when computer work gets. Everything about this movie was simply bad; from the ideals that then non-native Americans were evil wizards, sound and music scores that seemed so far. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which has nothing to do with the old West, has more Western feel than this movie. Make yourself a favor and totally skip it by all means. Thank you.
