It's nice to see people like Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino and even Michelle Pfiefer, who makes one monumental piece of film waste. It's nice to see people who are so rich and 'successful', they are wasting time on one of the most forgotten, tedious and miserable cinematographic films of all time. This film is the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? It's based on a true story. Well, they start with some basic news and facts that the US is reading today. But then the film deviates into a fantasy world and the "Cuban" fugitive will do it in the American drug subculture; like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For life, I do not believe that there is only one cuban in this film. The accents are totally false and the scene with Mother Antonia looks like a poster for the Midwestern American values. The whole scene looks like something from the Dick Van Dyke show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transposed in Florida. Then is palm palm. It's a romantic novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from Getga, and there is not even one possibility that these two characters sometimes take care of themselves. Is it a drug movie? Well, no mention of obsession or addiction is even mentioned. The behavior of actors in a row of coke is nothing but water drinking. True, acting is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the others. Music is disgusting and sounds like Latin lift music or something from the Lawrence Welk show. I think I heard polka? The camera is working with too much movement and a lot more cranes than it could be. Obviously, the budget for photography was too big. The sound is faded in many places and the dialogue seems to be done in the warehouse. Writing is scary. This is one of the films written by the script itself. You are drawn from one T-shirt to another, each pushing the conspiracy as a sack of bricks. So I'll ask, is it even a movie? It could be a dramatic series for two and a half hours. But at least the drama series has some focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of badly played scenes that are uploaded together. Whatever it is, a movie or not, it's a shit.
