It contains ornaments. <br /> <br /> I rarely saw a movie that is as incredible as this one. And being a Frenchman, trying to take a deep breath by being mysterious? nothing is really reasonable. Léo is gay and just at breakfast he told his family that he was HIV positive. The youngest brother, Marcel, was not coming to breakfast yet, and the first thing the family does is decide to be too young at the age of 12 to be told. Maybe if he was four or five but twelve? The first absolutely unbelievable thing is that the family does not even ask where and how the virus got, how long does it know about it? nothing is asking. They just worry Marcel will find out. This is a very close provincial family, but even though they decide to let Marcela know about the positive status of Léo, nor is he gay, the rest of the family accepts this message without absolute questions and reactions. How many families do you know where your parents / brothers would have at least no response to one of the members who reported being gay? Here's nothing. Léo decides he needs to go to Paris to see his ex-lover. And he's going to go on a trip with all the people, Marcel. Do you know someone who brings his little brother to go and see a lover? Again very unbelievable, especially because Marcel had no knowledge of his health problems or his homosexuality. If he decides that the family will let him know, it's rather brutal and once again unbelievable. Léo goes to work at the bar in Paris to find his lover Aymeric. The owner says Aymeric will not be there until early evening. But why would Léo want to see him at work? Why not make a phone call and arrange to see him somewhere more private, where can they really talk? Why not go and see him at his home? But no, Léo will appear later (with Marcel in the turn) and is surprised when Aymeric does not fit everything and walks with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric tells him that it is no longer available that Léo left him and that Léo did not respond to any of his letters. Léo says, "But I love you," and then he gets up. But if he really liked Aymeric, should he at least not tell him about his HIV status, warn him to test himself and maybe get drugs? Would it be the smallest thing he could do? but not peep. He leaves or warns Aymerica that he could infect the AIDS virus. Is that completely irresponsible? and filmmakers; this movie was apparently made for French TV series for young people? it is the perfect way to show children responsibility. Well, not here? Do I think "every person to himself" is still a French way of doing things? Another aspect of the movie, which was absolutely unbelievable, was the "touching" aspect. Everyone always relies on someone, someone cares or someone likes. Inside the family and outside the family. I have never seen anyone in France be this physical, I do not mind the whole family. Sitting at a breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his leg set on his older brother's lap, and the older brother is stroking his leg as everyone sits and discusses something. How many brothers do you know who are physically close? In another scene, the same 17-year-old man got into Marcelo's room and asked, "What is it, can not sleep?" Then he pulls off his clothes and completely naked gets to bed with his brother and clings to him as if he were lovers. This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave the film a somewhat incestuous feeling. I'm sorry, but again I do not believe that this is a regular behavior among teenage brothers. The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are pretty good? especially Marcel in the lead role. But was not that enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the film, the family went to the cemetery to bury Léa, but Marcel was left out of it again? he was kept in the care of his cousin (I think). Yet he crashes and watches the funeral from afar. This is what such a close family would do? It is utterly inconceivable that they would not have included him in the funeral of his brother. It was the last scene of the movie and it was the last stop of this viewer.
