The recent boom of dating on UK TV screens has reached a terrible terrain since the first episode of The Bachelor. The hateful audience has since been subjected to countless clones and variations, including "The Bachelorette," "Joe Millionaire," "For Love or Money," and a frantic "Married American." In the hope that this trend will be completed and at the same time taking advantage of new demographic data, Bravo unleashes the disastrous "Boy Meets Boy" in the world. And they all think with us. <br /> <br /> The premise is simple and is designed to be blameless: a suitable gay man is polite to a number of suitors, eliminating the show show until he stays, but it's twisted. Half of the men are really straight. This is not a big deal, but the doubt of the scenario comes after the payoff: if at the end of the gay show man picks a straight man in disguise, a direct man will win the cash prize. The homosexual will not get anything, or at least no more than a few small gifts, a heel on his back and a lively round "Is not it embarrassing? Well, thanks for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the equally painful "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of the amok running stereotypes. What's even worse is the fact that even men are playing these stereotypes on cash. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is get plenty of hair gels in your hair, dress Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, get rid of all the hair and fat and voila! It's a homosexual equivalent to putting black artists in black and, just as offensive to those of us - like me - who are really gay and have no chance. It means that homosexuals have no difference or chance for individuality that they can not behave like real people, just like stereotypes. It does not matter that the suitor bank has no diversity. Everyone is a gym, most of them are white and they all look too clean and clean. This is another example of how instead of promoting acceptance of homosexuals as dynamic individuals capable of scattering and changing, Hollywood once again accepted the stereotype and ran with him to the bank. I feel really dirty when I look at this show, as all gay men who see this fearless show of soft-core pornography that masquerade as legitimate television. 1 out of 10.
