I watched the whole house when I was younger and I do not understand why I did it. I do not remember that I really enjoyed the show. I think that I and most of the Americans who follow this were hypnotized by their illusions. It will be in trance and will not come back. I'm still nervous, but I'm trying to keep going. I know it's a family show, but that does not mean it must be so bad. The show is a cliché with every episode that ends up "talking" to the father so that all the problems disappear. The characters at the show are ugly. It's all up to you to clean up the obsessive, ugly father you want to hit every time you see it on the screen. Then we have a supposed "rocker" uncle who's there just to look nice to mothers who have to watch this bullshit. We have another uncle who is totally unhappy who makes lame Bullwinkle impressions (I need to say more about him). There is the oldest daughter who can not act and always wails. Then the middle daughter who always says, "HOW RUDE!" almost everything that someone says. Finally, there is the youngest daughter Michelle. I do not understand how I played Michelle, but heroic actors known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you would associate it with antichrist. He always wants things, trying too hard to be "cute", always saying "DUH!" and open your eyes, which causes you to break it. I am not a big fan of using a large amount of physical abuse as a punishment for children. But in her case I would accept. She needed it daily. She is the most dangerous way of getting into regular television broadcasts. One example is when her uncle's rocker is busy doing his job in the attic. The brat decides to constantly bother and demand attention. He screamed at her, and she was upset. CHUDACLE CHILD! The rest of the episode takes care of her emotional needs, and her uncle eventually justifies her. UGGHH! The show will reduce your IQ along with the slow destruction of your will to live. I am surprised that we do not hear in the news that a full house is playing in the background when the police finds suicide people. Do a favor and do not watch the show's repeat. Later, thank you.
