If you want to be Buster Keaton's fan, you have to have a heart broken regularly. Most of us first encounter Keaton in one of the great feature films of his long independent productions: "General," "Navigator," "Sherlock Jnr". We recognize him as the greatest figure in the history of film comedy and we want to see more of his films. Here begins the beginning of the heart. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr," Keaton's brother-in-law Joseph Schenck signed him under pressure, which Keaton put under control of MGM. Keaton became one more actor to showcase his scenario. Then his alcoholism got worse. After "Steamboat Bill Jnr", Keaton never again became a real first-rate movie. Several sources describe the future comedy that Keaton said has almost the MGM in the parody "Grand Hotel". Biographer Tom Dardis offered convincing evidence that Keaton had resolved this story. The heart grows because Keaton has only occasionally come with a good movie ... as a short comedy "Grand Slam Opera." I'm continuing to look for the lost shots of Keaton's dramatic scene with Spencer Tracy in "It's a Crazy Mad World": a sequence in which bitter cop Tracy calls an old retiree (Keaton) and tries to get help with Smiler Grogan's cash theft. This song is almost certainly gone forever, but I'm still watching. "Speak Easy", unfortunately, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of his fall. MGM attempted to build Jimmy Durant (who happened to play Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comic star. Unfortunately, MGM attempted to build Durante by joining Keaton, whose comedy style was simply incompatible with Durante. (I'm a fan of both). During his career, Durante was a merciless writer: he was glad that he was built on Keaton's expense, and Keaton was the only star Durante never attempted to perform. <br /> <br /> Keaton was often cast as a victim of extremely cruel machinations. "Speak Easily" is a didactic and humorous middle-western college professor called Post (because it is as wooden as one), who receives a letter informing him that he has inherited $ 750,000 to travel to New York. Will he make a phone call to verify it? Does he even check the postmark? No; he takes his life savings from the bank and throws it to New York. As soon as he left, the servant, Posta, confesses that he wrote a (fake) letter to get Professor Post out of his routine! The post, who thinks he is a 3/4 millionaire, goes on a journey with Jimmy Dodge (Durante) who is trying to produce a music review but has no money. The characters that these two brilliant comics play on the screen simply do not interfere. Keaton plays one of those eggs (like Mr. Logic in 'See'), who understands everything. Durante plays one of those annoying hepcats who is unable to make any straightforward statement because the script requires him to always speak in slang. There is a painfully dysfunctional dialogue scene in which Durante tries to talk to Keaton about money, but instead of reaching him directly - Durante must use more and more conceived slang terms like "kale", "cartwheels" and so on. while Keaton obviously has no idea what Durante is about. I'll give Keaton credit: his own dry and dusty prairie voice, his flat Kansas accent, is perfectly perfect for the character he's playing here. Sidney Toler, looking much slimmer and nicer than it would be a year later, is impressive as Professor Poste's promising director of bankrolled revue banking. Henry Armetta, whom I've never found humorous, is even less fun than usual, offering a running gag with a stupid paycheck. Thelma Todd caught me here, in the colder version of her role in "Horse Feathers" (a much more fun movie). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite actors, is useless. Part of the problem with "Speak Easily" is that supportive characters behave inappropriately. Keaton's lawyer at Durante's Theater appears with an urgent message to Keaton ... but he's not there, so the lawyer continues to reveal Keaton's personal deals to the first completely unknown person he's meeting. (Fire the lawyer, Buster!) In another scene, Professor Post - the guy who is perceived as bankrolling this musical - is going to the dressing room of choir girls, and all choir girls are instantly wailing and hiding. I know that modern chorus people never react in this way, and I seriously doubt that the 1932 choir girls behave either ... not in response to the "angel" who controls their shows. > <br /> SPOILERS RECEIVE. For about half an hour in the "Speak Easily", the bumpy Jimmy Durante is sitting on the piano, killing himself in the camera and turning it on when the melody starts playing. This is the moment when I thought that finally this film would finally settle down to smile. Unfortunately, no. The most annoying of all is the end of this film, which uses the single most salient and unclear cliché in the whole comedy: one in which the totally incompetent dimwit becomes a star comedian through his own reluctance. (Keaton would be forced to take this cliché in the episode "Screen Directors Playhouse" in 1955. Chaplin had already used it in "The Circus." I almost cried - in anger and sadness - for unnecessary occasions in "Speak Easy". Most of the respect for the work Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd did elsewhere, I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10. <br /> <br />
