For most young audiences, they probably have no idea who Buster Keaton was. So they probably will not feel so sad when they look at this movie just like me. I become a quiet comedic viewer - when I see there is still a Keaton movie. My great fan was this movie very painful from start to finish. This is because during his quiet days Keaton was a very lively and creative comedian. He was amazing in his physics and his films were almost never boring. However, in motion that movie historians are still confused, at the end of the silent era, Keaton distanced himself from his independence and became a stock MGM actor. Instead of being MGM a great creative force, Keaton saw him as an actor-and wrote scripts for him that had no respect for what made him great. Initially, these MGM movies were not as bad as CAMERAMAN, but with talkies, the studios were really thrown into the air - filmed in several films with Jimmy Durant. Durante's humor was based on his gabi gift and was abrasive. Keaton, on the contrary, was quiet and action-based. Two other unlike and incompatible actors would find it hard to find. As a result of this deadly combination Keaton created really horrible movies. Now it does not mean that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible movie. No, instead, it's more time-consuming and awesome. In fact, if you go to the movie, assuming it's a comedy, it's likely that the film will be harder to enjoy. Instead, it's like a drama with a few comic elements. It's not a movie that will produce belly laugh - especially for Keaton fans. The film starts in a strange environment. Keaton is occupied as a college professor whose life he teaches. He knows nothing about the world and his nose is in his books. Keaton's servant is a bizarre step to begging to believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative-and hoped Keaton would take him out and enjoy life. This is amazingly invented, but somehow he can work. It's not terribly good, but it works. <br /> <br /> Keaton immediately leaves school and goes on a journey to New York to have fun. On the way, he meets an incredibly wild theater unit. Because he does not know anything about the world, he does not seem to realize that smell. And because he thinks he's rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to get on Broadway. However, just before opening the show, his friends find out that Keaton is not rich. So they decided not to say Keaton and try to keep him out of the process servers that want to close the show. They assume that if the show is hit, then they can repay debts and everyone will be happy. They forget, however, that the show itself smelled. What to do? And will Keaton get pretty girls, get on his feet with a golden dill (Thelma Todd) or be flat and alone? If you like, look at the movie. As for Keaton, he has a couple of stuntmen in the movie, although there are some dangers at the end. Instead, Keaton simply goes through the work in a very subdued manner. You really love a movie or hate. It's just fool ... when it should be much better.
