I saw this film over the weekend, and while I was always impressed by the beauty and shine of the films made in the Church, I was disappointed that this was so short that it did not inform the members and left the investigator many unanswered questions. > <br /> The film is a 70-minute win from Joseph Smith's life. It's not a biopic, because there is no real coherent story. Most episodes relate to Joseph, who does good deeds, plays baseball, runs races and laughs with children, often on the move. What a great, just human kind of guy who was Joseph, huh? Look at him as there is a carpet for his wife Emma. Well, how do you look at the carpets of my 33 women? There is no mention of polygamy. Clear omission. And that is in such omissions when the film is falling. It provides too little information and leaves it to members of critical thinking who are interested in why Joseph becomes charged and feathered, WHY he gets in jail and why does the crowd want to kill him? The culmination of the film is, of course, Joseph and Hyrum's trek to Carthage prison (riding around real allies of nations looking out of the Nauvoo door). But there is never any question as to why. Nothing about Smith suppressing the Nauvoo Expositor and ordering his destruction to reveal the secret polygamy teachings. The audience is allowed to think or assume that it is just more unconditional persecution of the Church. No mention of the fact that Joseph was accused of treason for st. Rights and calling of the Nauvoo militia. Of course I did not expect this film made in the church to present a recent biography of Joseph Richard Bushman Rough Stone Rolling, but I was surprised and surprised at how little the substance was actually present. And worse, the substance that was submitted was often inaccurate. Two examples popped up at me. First of all, the translation of the book Mormon. The film shows Joseph's reading directly from the gold plates in their two-circle binder, which were in fact hidden away from the place. It is well known that Joseph made his translations by burying his face in his hat and looking at that stone fork. The second inaccuracy occurs in a prison in Carthage, where the crowd storms a cell. The history of the church reports that Joseph had six shooters and even fired several rounds before jumping out of the window and giving a masonry signal of fear (as reported in the Times & Seasons). a demonstration of the fact that the encounter broke the heart-dragging mood of the filmmakers created, but by omitting that they were unfaithful history and could not show Joseph how he really was: he fired with a gun and able to defend himself. In fact, the impression given by the film is that Joseph was a nice guy, but also something like a sweetheart that everyone was beating, threw them to jail, and eventually were murdered with cold blood. It was far from it; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who endured a lot of difficulties and struggle to reach the fetus he believed in. You see the movie, but know, go to it's a candy. Then take your meat and potatoes by reading a copy of Bushman's biography of Smith, Rough Stone Rolling PS: Church-produced movies do not have credits, but seasoned eyes can pick a few familiar faces. Rick Macy is excellent because Joseph Smith, Sr. and Bruce Newbold, loved like Tomas in the search for faith in Christ, are here playing a boyish Methodist minister who could not show Christian love to a young seeker in truth.
