This occurred during the last bout of the western genre; unfortunately, it seems to be a very small and totally unsatisfactory effort - even if it's with veterans in the field! First, the plot does not offer anything new: James Coburn escapes from the chain gang and wants to kill a man (now retired) who gave him - Charlton Heston. While Coburn is gambling for him, Coburn overcame Heston by kidnapping his daughter (Barbary Hershey). It is true that the former lawyer - accompanied by Hershey's green fiancé (Chris Mitchum) - stands out in the quest for Coburn and his followers who all interrupted the jail with him. McLaglen goes for Sam Peckinpah's approach - with which he is never quite cool: repulsive characters, lots of violence and sexual tensions caused by Hershey's presence in Coburn's loving group. By the way, Heston and Coburn had previously appeared together in the Sam Peckinpah Western series - THE RUNNER MAJOR DUNDEE (1965; I really need to pick up the restored edition of this DVD on DVD even though I recently made the theatrical version of pan-and-scan format from TCM UK). However, the film is too generic to provide an eclectic mood that is clearly pursued (the title suggests): then the two most popular genres - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Coburn with PAT GARRETT & BILLY THE KID (1973 ) <br /> <br /> At least, however, Heston retains the slightest dignity - his aging figure is trying to stay halfway through the Coburn breed by anticipating what his next step will be; However, he is dealing with an extraordinarily rougher role and emerges at his peak only in his own climax (he enjoyed a moment of revenge by sadistically forcing Heston to witness Hershey's rape of his co-workers). In addition, this long sequence coincides with the fact that Heston tries to deceive Coburn with a trick borrowed from his own EL CID (1961), a criminal gang is then trapped inside a bushfire fired by Heston practitioner and the violent death of these two obsolete protagonists (as well as his fashion , Heston's demise takes the form of an unreasonable sacrifice!). Support for cast includes Michael Parks as unsuccessful city sheriff, Jorge Rivero as Coburn's Mexican lieutenant and Larry Wilcox - TV series CHiPs! - as the youngest member of Coburn's gang to watch Hershey (when he does everything to save his spirits!). Jerry Goldsmith contributes a tasty but non-binding score.
