First of all, my hearty plot against anyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing the film in the same form as a fantastic Gregory girl and local hero, but eventually left the theater disappointed and vaguely cheated. While it is true that the sequel is usually a few exceptions, it is a mistake, and there are only so that study leaders have the opportunity to take on the success of the previous film by offering us either a hidden retreat of the original story or a line that is so distant from the intentions of the original that the resulting film makes no sense. In the case of Gregory's two girls, Bill Forsyth has the dubious honor of committing both sins - on the one hand, he returned to Gregory's plot and at the same time served a frankly unbelievable and sad act that included the Scottish arms dealer. Schoolgirl Gregory is now a teacher in the same school, where at the age of sixteen he lived through the hopeless passion for football played by Dorothy. Though Gregory is now thirty-five, he still carries a hopeless passion, but now also for the football that Frances plays, also sixteen, despite the fact that Bel's music teacher made it clear that he was attracted. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress her lead him to his involvement in the scheme to uncover a local arms dealer who will also become an old friend. It does not make sense to move on because the rest of the story is forgotten and the end has no meaning at all. The main problem lies in the character of Gregory himself, as it is not a sign of the adorable and enchanting sixteen-year-old Gregory, who is actively and comfortably trying to convince Dorothy to win her in the end. At the age of thirty-five, Gregory presents us as a rather sad and homeless creature whose life is neither active nor comical. Outside working hours, he spends time watching Noam Chomsky videos and reading magazines about international injustices. As his friends and family from the previous movie apparently disappeared, saved two nonsensical scenes with his younger sister, who no longer advises him or does not even seem to be interested in his life, we remain confused by what Gregory really wants, who he is and why he is the way he is. Why, for example, is without a friend? Why can not he ever see his father, who is obviously alive? Why did he return to teach at the school he attended? Why is he so interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why did he become so unfavorable? Why is Frances attracted? Why is not Bel attracted to the last twenty minutes of the movie? What is the heavens in Belo or Frances in it, since it is neither dead nor gorgeous nor interesting? Why is Frances still trying and impressing on Frances even after they have become a subject to Bella, and when their association is threatening a complete disruption of life? Do we genuinely believe that a Scottish arms dealer who sells weapons of torture to repressive regimes could avoid reporting in the media, but did a few school children fall on him? Do they think Gregory really thinks that the outflow of several computers into the sea will change something? To make it worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair is trying to revive his performance as a teenager Gregory up to facial expressions and clumsy body language. Sadly, for thirty-five-year-old he just finds himself as a strange and gloomy creepy. In addition, it is hard to feel any sympathy or empathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams associated with sex with one of their uniform wearing pupils while they both lie on a pile of gymnastics. Rather than be fun, he is simply angry with pedophilia. It's hard to know what's going through Bill Forsyth when he wrote this script, or why he thought fans of the original film would take a story that was totally devoid of the charm, joke and warmth that changed the first film to classics. I can only assume that the plan is to make a film about a man who refuses to grow up and commit to adulthood, and maybe even his happiest recollection was sixteen, trying to find the best-looking girl in school that the life that lived in the past is not at all life. This could at least be the basis of a film that was thematically interesting and intelligent. Like Gregory, two girls add 116 unnecessary and unnecessary minutes to say nothing and to mean even less. Gregory's girlfriend was responsible for starting Bill Forsyth's career, and hopes that Gregory will not be responsible for the two girls being sinking.
