In the days when he took gore and sex, real horror films were shot. Blood Castle is, in my opinion, one of the best, though other reviewers gave him mixed ratings. Especially reminds of the newer The Others, which was in theaters a few years ago. Director Antonio Margheriti transformed his own photograph in 1970 and was titled the Web of the Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno) this time. Why do not I understand that, even though the remake played Anthony Francios and Klaus Kinski and was very good in itself. He may have seen a good story and wished to adapt it to the American audience. Really do not know. Interestingly, he made the original in black and white and remake in color. <br /> <br /> Blood Castle is an outstanding Italian Gothic. La Danza Macabra is reportedly unpublished by Edgar Allen Poe, who appears in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, the owner of the spooky castle, bet American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he can not spend the All Souls Night in the castle and survive. Foster eagerly accepts the bet but soon regrets it as he witnesses a series of murders committed by the clergy. Ghosts seem to come to life once in a couple of years, but they are doomed to commit the crimes they have committed in life again. Lord Blackwood has forgotten Foster to say that his blood is needed to resurrect the next All Souls Night! Foster and beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (portrayed by incomparable Barbare Steyle) will not love long, even though their romance is doomed because Elisabeth is one of the ghosts. I'm not going to end, but I'll just say that Blood Castle is every romantic tragedy because it's a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even thanks to the excellent Italian standards. My personal opinion is that they are doing really horror better than anyone else and somewhat dark black and white shooting is only increasing. Right, the Web Spiders were all right, even with color and greater clarity. I loved persistent shots, something most modern directors have no patience. When Alan first comes into trouble, we get a few minutes when he does not like him, but he just walks from room to room, fear and uneasiness in his face and manners. By the time the first ghost appears, the audience is thoroughly prepared and prepared. There is a great dialogue between Alan and the clergy, something else that is often done in standard stories about the spirit. There are also unforgettable scenes, very visual for this type of movie. Elisabeth's "murder" and dance scene (a bit like a ghoul dance in the 1962 Carnival of Souls) were especially good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, few audiences of general interest are heard at all, this film. That's a shame because this is a cut over the others. I got my copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can be bought anywhere else. Those interested in this genre need to be seen.
