Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little film-based thriller based on the concept that the HIV virus was a sheep virus mutated by the government to rid the gay world and was apparently tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of a malignant disease. If there was no doubt about the concept of the film, it would be in the category of many films about the destruction of the world by spreading the harmful harmless organism. <br /> <br /> Stephen (Tom Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to explore his father's scientific beliefs about the evolved sheep virus and its consequences for those convicted of infusions. He encounters some contempt and resistance to dead theory, but also meets some people who know about theory and support his investigation. Along with his visit, a series of serial murders will be carried out, each victim killed in the same way, and each murder apparently accompanied by the tribes of Puccini's opera "Turandot", which is just beginning in San Francisco. Police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her cop (Kalene Parker) follow murders, while Stefan is doing rounds of sex clubs and bars in San Francisco and trying to find men who may have been guinea pigs for father's theory. He meets a strange young man named Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) who has a cat and thought attraction and prominent doctor Burroughs (Richard Conti) who seems to be weirdly involved in casting suspects. How it all ends is a movie game, a story about finding identity between Stefan and Jeffery, because it's a case of murder investigation. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti with their roles (these are the only three who have some previous acting experience in the movie!), the quality of the film drops considerably less than the acceptable minimally talented irrit Levy and Kaylene Parker: screen the story's credibility drops below zero. Some small portraits are other actors that brighten the screen for the moments they inhabit, but the film is drowned by the constantly playing "Nessun dorma" that sang Mario del Monaco from the record of the opera - and that seems to be a reason for filming a movie! Good idea for the film and some good actors' characterization, but there is no solution to the original assumption that started the whole thing. Grady Harf, February 6
