The conspiracy "Astronuat returns to Earth as a mutating monster" died in the 1950s mainly because of the scientific fact that travel outside the Earth's orbit does not lead to people getting into mutated monsters and that the first film, QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT fence was the only a decent sci-fi film to use the idea. So the thought of having a redundant return of a conspiracy seems to be condemned from the start. It seems the conspiracy is the smallest of its problems <br /> <br /> First it's an incredibly badly shot movie. The budget is in individual numbers and I'm talking about a league, not a dollar. There is no cinematography to talk about, and there are a lot of editing errors. For example, a photographer is photographing his model (just a little legal) for photography. Cut off the shot where the sun is right behind the model, then cut into the photographer's shot where the sun is right behind him, then move to the model where the sun is ... <br /> <br /> The lack of budget takes the film in other aspects. According to the Trivia page, the budget was so low that the producers could not get any images from Saturn, so when astronaut Steve West mentioned how beautiful Saturn looks like we get shots from the sun. In fact, the sun gives the most impressive performance in the movie, because human actors would not be employed porn studio. If I appeared in this case, they would not have the monster of the same name - I'm afraid of the chips from the rest of the cast. Perhaps we should be slightly forgiving, although apparent lack of budget is reflected in things like the actors had to wear their own clothes. The general, for example, does not wear his pretty ornate uniform with a medallion - he wears a jeans jacket and a baseball cap <br /> <br /> He must be condemned to believe that such a movie works but fails at every level. The tone begins in a movie when Mr. Melty murders his sister and escapes from the hospital. Instead of talking to the police and saying it was a murder, Dr. Nelson only decides to follow his patient alone, as if looking for a missing cat. It is also strange that a thoroughly devastating murderous monster can go on the road without anyone noticing it, but it is typical of a movie in which a horny 70 year old car stops on dark roads for a quick ride, and people carelessly say that their wife is pregnant and at the same time forgets the police that there is a monster in the open. <br /> <br /> INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a waste of grade Z. I'm sure to understand why this film is enjoying it because it reaches the height of "It's so bad that it's good," but besides Rick Baker's sometimes impressive make- up effects, there is nothing more than just a very good pleasure
