A few days ago I watched the documentary titled FIFTH HIGHEST FILMS OF ALL TIMES, and that's where I first heard about DANGEROUS MEASUREMENT OF HUMANS. Being a lover of films, I'm trying to find some of the films from the documentary - not just because you think it's INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN. In fact, MELTING MAN is the first "bad movie" I've ever seen, and I have to say I'm rather disappointed. While this is really a bad movie, it's not close enough to be included in this list. Now that I have seen the document, I have enjoyed my "bad movies" since I read the book "The Thirty Thirty Worst Films of All Time" by Harry Medvede. Despite the same title, the book came out long, long before documentary and documentary makers never brought Medvede a concept. From the Medved book, I saw about 35 of the 50 movies, but it has come to nothing - the rest of the movies are simply not available on VHS or DVD. So I thought I'd try the movie with the same name. The reason I was most disappointed with INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN was that there were some good elements to the film. First, the special effects of a melting boy were generally cold and disgusting. It is obvious that the professional (the famous Rich Baker) has been involved in making it realistic. But I should also point out that there were more than a few cheap and cheeky effects - such as a floating plastic head and the way the monster ran after its left hand was cut off - you saw it "cleverly hidden" under its clothing! As for the story, it's just stupid. The group of astronauts miraculously penetrates the rings of Saturn without being crushed. Then they comment on how beautiful the sun is - as we see his loved ones. This is odd, since Saturn is so far from him - it should not look like this - it should be a big stain. Regardless of this, the scene changes instantly and tell us that one of the surviving astronauts is in the hospital. What happened between the last scene and this one? Yeah, that's some guess. Well, soon after, the survivor escapes and kills the murderous stormy storm as his whole body dissolves. When you realize you have a psycho run on who looks like a melted popsicle, do you think the government pull all the stops to find it and stop it, right? Poorly. The general works with one lonely doctor to find him! No army, no police - just a Doctor Doctor. Even after the bodies start storing, the physician or general will not help to make a meaningful search or get a deposit. Now, due to the stupidity of the movie, you would not be surprised to find the following: <br /> <br /> When the spinning dude runs near the doctor's home, the doctor gives his wife a strong sedative and leaves her in the house. the cute old couple goes late at night, naturally stops in the orchard to pick the fruit and kill. When the lady looks at the melting guy, she blocks the door to protect herself. It would be handy if she did not have the back door of the house beside her! Instead of leaving the house and escaping, it just waits! <br /> <br /> When the photographer and his model take pictures, the guy catches his assistant and steps from the top. Why? Well, give audiences cheap excitement and make it rated R flick. When the melting dude is finally placed and the sheriff has a clear shot at him, the doctor stops him-even though now a monster has killed about half a dozen people. So, as you can see, the movie is full of silly elements of plot. It's a very bad movie. But due to occasional good special effects, it was not a terrible movie, as I had hoped. Sure, it's good for laughing, but not where near PLAN 9 FROM THE OUTSIDE SPACE is wrong and should never be included in somebody's worst movie.
