I am not kidding. It was terribly terrible. Last night I watched my local Sci-Fi station, which plays films on a monthly theme each night. This month is "karst cats, or: how did I learn to stop fearing and loving bombs?" Movies are so bad they should never be made. That was a good choice. Everything about this movie is terrible, with two exceptions, gore makeup (which has shown potential) and editing (which leaves the rest of the film with me, on the condition that they are terrible). The game is terrible everywhere, dialogue is horrible, scenario, direction. It's not a good movie. <br /> <br /> It consists of two kinds of special effects, gore and traces of the universe. I'll focus on gore. When I watched this movie, I thought, "What was the motivation for making this movie?" People like to do things, surely, but hesitantly, I think that someone who is involved could do something good. I came to the conclusion that this film was created as a means of increasing the Make-up Effects reel demo. In fact, he (Rick Baker) continued into a very nice career, working on STAR WARS (1977), KING KONG (1976), MEN IN BLACK (1996), and even the BEST SHRINKING WOMAN (1981) plus many other remarkable moves. Besides, I can not say that I really saw a real, lively, lively person - incredible or otherwise - but I have to say that it looks like a fair representation of one. <br /> <br /> Now that I think of a bad adaptation, I usually think of a scene where someone is talking on the phone and then in the middle of the scene the phone jumps on the shoulder or something like that. This movie really serves to highlight the fact that bad editing can take many forms. In particular, they are long and absolutely useless scenes. Probably every scene was dragged longer than it should, from a little dead air to the crazy flicker scene with Cleaver Girl. And this cuthead in the river, the head gets into the river (slow), the film goes on for a few minutes and then we turn into a floating head and watch it fall under the waterfall. While I'm sure everyone is very proud of their cut head, WHAT am I? <br /> <br /> Finally, I'm going to talk about running a fat lady / slow-down scene just before the start. A sad slow motion tells me that they initially slowed the original scene, but later decided that it did not work like this, then slowed it down. Oy vey. In any case, if you ever see another film in which a hysterical fat woman falls into the hall and then through a closed glass door - all in slow motion, you think - remember DANGEROUS MELTING MAN, because * this * is where it all started. <br /> <br /> Movies like this are best seen at home with lots of friends. This is a bit slow for most of the time, but that's even more time to come up with your own lines. It's not the worst of the worst, but it's pretty frantic.
