Emma is my favorite novel by Jane Austen - Emma has exactly her flaws, so her readers can forgive and love her and the relationship she has with Mr. Knightley, who is warm, familiar, respectable but playful, creating a warm, romantic excitement. Mr. Knightley is the perfect person, and Emma is as close as you could at that time to an independent, clever and confident woman - remember she was only 21 years old and was certainly mature and growing out of her shortcomings. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be mentioned by Mr. Knightley? This version of Emma does not give you any sense of the things I love about Emma. I could not even watch it, I just found it so bad. I could not see the warm, generous side of Emma, ​​which drives the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows her father; the closeness between her and Mrs. Weston, demonstrating her willingness to bring her friend's happiness over her own (because she sacrifices a single equal partner in her household by handing Miss Taylor's marriage). Mr Woodhouse's character in this adaptation seems to be rather bizarre than rather quaint, older, and a bit trying. This adaptation most importantly fails the relationship between Mr. Knightley and Emko. Their relationship is based on mutual respect and affection: Mr. Knightley is content with the minor mistakes of Emmy, who believes that her intelligence and true care for others will never allow her to lose herself horribly; and Emma looks at him, even though he's hiding it and continuing his own judgment. The dress she gives her at the beginning of the show overrides the arguments between them and destroys any possibility to portray the nature of their relationship as I described above. Mr Knightley is also not attractive enough to bring sexual tension between the leash (or to inspire admirers of viewers). Really terrible. I do not understand why I would like someone who really likes the Emma novel, if it does not buy me miraculously after I shut it down.
