Except for about ten noble minutes with HB Warner on the celestial train, it was 94 minutes of horror! The acting was unfortunate, but the story is what I really felt terrible. The game was wooden and tempered, even in the early standards (except for Lee Tracy and HB Warner, none of whom can do badly). Rose Hobart was absolutely horrible and lifeless like Julie (as in 1932 was Dr. Jekyll and Hyde, otherwise an excellent film). And the rest of the cast was worse, with no words to describe their horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than acting, it was a story. For some unknown reason, Julie loves Lilium, cad and women's users without any redemption. He married Julia but does not support her, instead lying in bed all day or sleeping with a low-paid criminal friend (Lee Tracy). And yes, he never has a kind word that Julia would say, and he regularly takes it. Julie still loves him and constantly makes him justify, which just seems to be abusive. What's even worse is that this film represents this story as a love story. Somehow we should see Julia as a noble figure, whose pure love will be redeemed by Lili. WTF? <br /> <br /> The final one-third of this movie takes place after Liliom himself kills (the robbery conspirator refutes and Lili throws the knife into himself before taking him to the police). When he died, Julie says, "I've always defeated you, but I do not regret it." When he finally dies, he finally tells him he loves him. (One of the characters never said "I love you" to another while they were alive.) After his death, God's chief judge gives Lili one more day on the ground to "do something good" for his unborn daughter. The price is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom is one day on the ground to see her 10-year-old daughter. She approaches her in the front of her home and tries to get her to "do something good"; tries to get her to the cards, trying to give Gabriel a corner, but he does not care and rejects him. So she's slapping her. He. It's folding. Her. And then disappear back into the afterlife. Looking at it, we see that his daughter tells Julia about it. The girl says the pain did not hurt it was like a kiss. This is the magical moment of the movie. The girl asks her mother if this is possible, and Julie says, "Someone can defeat you, defeat you and defeat you and not hurt you at all." Then the music swells and Lily goes to heaven on the celestial train. BLECH! <br /> <br /> This movie was one rescue milestone, and that is an interview between the chief judge (HB Warner was really spectacular here) and Liliom about the celestial train. The City Hall had some very deep things that told Liliom about life and second chance and death. This scene alone has led me to make this rating from 1 to 2 stars. As for Liliom's suicide as a means of escaping her problems, the judge says, "People assume that when they die, their troubles are over for them. Do you think that by killing yourself to cancel all of your duties. your name is still talking, your face is still remembered until someone who remembers you, so long is the thing unended. When you have completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the Earth, though you are dead. " Some great sublime transcendental stuff among some of the worst roots I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story was probably shot many times as "Liliom" as well as the musical "Carousel".
