The universal answer to the "exorcist" is not very good. Unfortunately, the film offers a slight direction from Michael Winner, who tells an excellent cast with a scenario of staggering crater-sized holes. Not to mention that it's incredibly stupid that never explains some of the key elements of the story. Model Cristina Raines moves to the height of the Catholic Church, with the horrible, blind priest John Carradin, always there by the window. He begins to suffer from weak spells and nausea. What's worse is the tenants they meet in a building like Burgess Meredith (with a cat and a canary!) And young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looks great for 55 years) is a Real Estate Agent who showed Raines a place. Kristine's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after she found out they had a matter. José Ferrer plays a small role as a "Brotherhood Priest" who tells Monsignor Arthur Kennedy to be cautious when heading for the high-rise square not only of Carradine but also of Raines. Sarandon sends one person one night to see a room over Cristina's apartment, where she can hear metal flaps and other loud rockets. At night, Cristina "killed" her father DEAD. Crying on the street, Cristina is really wearing blood that leads police detective Eli Wallach and Christopher Walken's partner to investigate them with the certainty that it all sorts leads back to Sarandon, a lawyer, suing the whole woman. The case is a really motivating factor that Wallach's clever approach to finding out who has the blood on Cristina and if Sarandon has anything to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a professor who understands this type of Latin Cristina mysteriously understands and unballed actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a man interested in this certain room that was available in very room) that Cristina once stayed! What worries me more than anything else is the lack of explanation. At the end of the movie, Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we are curious about why they just climbed and stopped investigating. Their characters are just to the left on the lower burner. As the priests know that "now is the time", when a person dies and has to be replaced to protect a certain gate in this height, and why Cristina suffers from the trauma she is doing, it is not sufficiently explained. As some spirits appear on Cristina and disappear, when Gardner tries to show the rooms he has occupied during the birthday of the cats (see himself), he is not sufficiently explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the big plan of things ... brings people to this height, but what is actually her reasons in the movie? It seems that this film should be longer and clean up the things left lost, until the horrible conclusion that is just ridiculous when it should be spooky.
