The prison is located in Wyoming, where work on a new prison has struck the problem, so the State Council has decided to reopen an old state prison, which has been closed for 20 years, and is entrusted to Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith). 200 devious prisoners are delivered and are working to punish prison including Burke (Vigga Mortensen), who is commanded to penetrate the old execution chamber, but properly binds, but when he penetrates into the inherited door, an intense beam of light shoots and all electricity , gas and fire around jail crazy for a few minutes. Burke unconsciously unleashes the deadly evil power that is in the mood for some killing and nobody is safe ... Director Renny Harlin I thought prison was a poor 80's of horror, forget the little point of the story. The script was a regular by C. Courtney Joyner, who was responsible for writing such "classics" as Class 1999 (1990), Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) and Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004) budget of horror that I have not even heard and seems to be taken seriously. The biggest problems I have with Prison is that it's too slow, it's over 30 minutes in the movie before the "evil power" is even released, although the tempo rises to the end, but when it was too little too late, as far as I was concerned, then there is the fact that there is no obvious story at all. In the beginning, he never attempts to explain why the "evil power" is in the old execution chamber, he will never say why this force decides to kill a casual prisoner when he or she is supposed to be in revenge, or simply is not, you will immediately kill Warden Sharpe, where Burke fits in, even though he looks exactly like the electric jail and returned, there's no real explanation of how Warden is connected to everything that's going on, unlike the two early nightmares that seem to be remembered , although it never found out what it is or why. To be honest, I could not offer you a drawing summary because the film does not have a strict story that follows the whole story. The characters are boring and unforgettable, murders are few and far, the move is completely out, the whole movie is a mess, and even ghosts can not shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. Less than a satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes, there are really better things to do. Director Harlin, full of American debut, makes a good job and a decent atmosphere, but after more than an hour of constant, dull, dark prison cells and corridors I was getting bored. I just think the appearance of the film is too repetitive, immobile and sincerely lifeless. I did not think it was terrifying, and the gore is quite tame from the best moments in the whole movie when the police guard kills when the barb wire load encircles his body and his face with a nice close-up of his throat open. Besides, there is a corpse burned and a corpse falling apart, falling from the ceiling and very few. There is a scene where the director burns all the prison mattresses in front of them and then becomes them all night in the lingerie in the yard, I was looking at this scene and I thought you'd never be able to escape by doing something like that. Here the prisoners have rights, and if such a policeman did anything like that, it would be all of the humanitarians and all the prisoners would sue the officer, the prison service, and the government for all they had and win! > <br /> With the estimated budget of about $ 4,000,000, the prison had a really healthy budget, although it does not really look like on the screen, it's definitely a decent cast & a few special effects that are included are good, but overall set in the same place with limited ambition. The prison was actually shot in a real prison in Wyoming, so it definitely looks. It's okay, Prison proves that sometimes Hollywood stars do not have only one box of horror films in their closets, but in the case of Mortensen they have two with this terrible proposal of the Texas Massacre (1994). "He would certainly like to forget ... Prison is blunt, a colorless and humorless waste of 100 minutes, despite a good gore scene, I did not like the fact that I really prefer my films to have a story rather than seemingly random events and incidents that were paved with the narrative sense.
