Me neither me, but this movie is unfortunately one of those films that are too bad to be good and too good to be terrible, which makes it totally useless and a complete waste of time. There is nothing more interesting than the average film and My name is modesty: Whatever the subtitle, no matter what the subtitle is, the average is taken to a new level. It's full of B-actors, but there's no fun because it's taken seriously. It sets itself up as a thriller, but then it changes into some ascending drama, a commemorative style. Beautiful Alexandra Staden, who faded behind the ice cream, is more like Top Models cast than Modesta Blaise. I'm not one of the poor comedians who want every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be perfect - in fact I have never read Modesta Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie to watch. But it was not. The film feels half finished, with a weak and very insurmountable conclusion to a rather weak conspiracy. He also interests his audience about idiots, explains every little detail of the conspiracy, and shows the memories of the things that happened in three scenes (I think he thinks we all have Alzheimer's disease). good B-film - what's better than just shutting down the brain and swallowing the Calzone film equivalent? - and "Modesty" is not directed by anyone other than Scott Spiegel, who brought us a wonderful scream from Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I loved Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brought all the bad B-film to bring to the table - nudity, gore, arms, you name it. "Modesty" is just boring. The glimpse of Modesta's life is not interesting. The game is not bad enough to laugh. In fact, I did not like that Nikolai Coaster-Waldau (hey buddy, pseudonyms are your friends!) Performance like baddie. <br /> <br /> So, overall, it's just lame. Weak. Uninspired. Call what you want. Do not look for anything because Tarantino puts it, people. It's just a very forgotten, half-hearted thriller, and never trying to be more than that. Let me review this review with a very lame play (seriously, even with cringing): My name is modesty: modest waste of time - 4/10
