I grew up when I read Modesta Blaise, comics and books, and she is really a heroine for me. Though he was not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino, I still wondered how he had learned in a few years that he was considering filming his movie: could he finally give Modesty a nice fit on the screen for which he is good? I heard about "My Name is Modesty" a few months ago and checked the stars that were given to him here and was not too surprised to find that the score is not too high because the beloved characters often have heavy melting of the fans, the heart if it is not correctly. So I decided I would not read reviews and see the movie instead, and well, I just watched it, and I'm stunned and sad, and yeah, too furious. Sad and furious that I've been doing over an hour of my time when I saw something as wonderful as Modesty Blaise, a character that has changed into a movie that has nothing to the audience or the fans. <br /> <br /> It seems almost everything about this movie is sub-par and unprofessional, although I have to admit that I see some actors in other movies before they were fine so I can not blame them. But the scenario and direction ... my god, why even do that kind of bull with production values ​​slightly larger than your average TV movie, but is it much worse? I do not know the backdrop of this movie, and I really do not want to know it, but I just can not help thinking how Tarantino might say with a straight face that he loves Modesty and then has this name? I just lost a huge amount of respect in my eyes. The director was not the right person for this job, and I can sincerely thank him for destroying my night. I give this movie three stars and those stars move to actors and technical quality was worse. The other seven stars that were missing are what this film was not good at. Well, hopefully, at some point, there will be a serious production of Modesta Blaise, which has other goals than to steal money from Modesta fans. Even though those like Tarantino are those who make the decision, I do not hold my breath.
