I look at films that fill the gaps in world cinema. So after watching the Water Lilies trailer, I expected to enjoy this movie because I thought I came across something unique: a movie that frankly portrays teenage lesbian love - a kind of female version of "beautiful age." <br /> <br /> The main characters are young French women aged 15 years. Mary is slender, restrained and pretty. Floriane leaves, athletic and beautiful; and Anne is faithful, frustrating, and immature. The erotic link between Marie and Florian is always in this film, not on the surface, then just below it. <br /> <br /> "Lily on the Water", however, is not about the dawn of lesbian love for two teens; it is sexual frustration, suffering, ennui, teens who work on cross-missions and in at least two cases painless mechanical sex. This also proves that screenwriters and filmmakers create their own creations when they become too manipulative. In the special features on DVD DVD "Lord of the Flies", director Peter Brook says "French cynicism begins with the resurrection of sex," which means that the French consider children as angels while they regard teens and adults as ubiquitous cynicism. Part of the fall of this film is Celine Sciamma, a full-length photographer, who has exhausted a powerful dose of cynicism. "Where's the joy?" I asked when I was watching this movie. Yes, the first love can be painful and frustrating, but it can also be joyful and triumphantly erotic in a fresh life confirming. These positive aspects are missing from this film; there is no balance. Organically, this film wants to become a serious celebration of first love. But Sciamma is overwhelmed by her own cynicism and cleverness and destroying the movie. First, what does it make sense to show only naked girl? I know that in European cinema there is a steady tradition of tasteful teenage nakedness, as evidenced by films such as "The Slingshot, The Rascals, The Devil, Probably, Little Thief, Murmur Heart, Friends, Beau Pere" and "Europa, Europa"; but this case is a tiny copyright intrusion - "You see, the audience, I can make a movie where I would just show an uninteresting man naked." Either nudity or evenly distributed nudity would be an honest way. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the club where Floriane and Marie dance. The next approach is not only Florian, who cynically manipulates Mary; it's Sciamma filmmaker who cynically manipulates the audience. Perhaps the greatest betrayal of authenticity and organic honesty takes place when Floriane warns Mary that she is going to ask for something that is not "normal". Marie naturally asks, "Who cares to be normal?" Then Sciamma plays with the audience and the fake dynamics of the film, because Florian's application is a fake, inferior and alternative question - not the authentic, honest question of the film, Marie's character and the audience who invested their time, deserves. <br /> <br /> There are also two moments that have falsely shaken the nerves of the audience: 1) Since when did the French - of all people - enchant the bathrobes and the turtle to the shoe? 2) Which adolescent - of any national origin - would cast on the core of an apple that was tossed into the garbage to get the taste of loved ones? Three major actresses are promising, and if they find better cars for their talent, they can become great actors. Louise Blachere (Anne) is the best technical actress and can have a successful career in supporting roles. Adele Haenel (Floriane) could become a leading lady, or a bomb, or both. Pauline Acquart (Marie) has intensity and magnetism that are unmistakable. In the future, she could play everything from the emotionally crippled librarian to the mysteriously sensual seduction, to the reluctant politician who was driving up the air. Overall, "Water Lilies" was very disappointing. An honest filmmaker will make an authentic film about falling in love with two young women! Not necessarily because of that middle-aged man - but young lesbians can have something of a quality that they can look and identify. And yes, to fill the difference in world cinematography.
