Let me just say I loved the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a bad horror movie about the 80s, but these are fun to watch! Besides, it gave us something a little different. So I like to buy it and to my surprise this movie came with him (just copy them actually), so I thought "Eh, what the hell" and bought it. Error # 1. So at night I felt in the mood watching the movie (actually I bought the ton of that day) and I figured it was the shortest of all the ones I bought so just watch it and hit the bag . Error # 2. Yes, I heard how bad it was, but I wanted to have a chance. So a few minutes into the movie and there's the first glimpse. I do not think at first. Then a new record with the chicken prediction in the bathtub and I love the direction that it goes. Then another memory that is a little longer and I sit there thinking "Yes I saw the first Boogeyman I know what's going on, so go on!" Then another will appear and I'll try and run faster. Then the final (Maybe I walked quickly through the explanation, but why was she lying without a toast on the mirror? At least she could show them!) And I decided to move forward through it and then the climax and the movie was over! WTF? What happened to the predictions? What happened to a long hair guy (knocked on or what?)? What's more important, what kind of weed was the writer and director of smoking doing this terrible POS ??? And what's the point? Was Annie just memories of what happened in the first movie? Or were things from the first movie just happening at the same time? This could have made sense since the punch of Pantyhose Face happened in 1978 by the characters in this movie, and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no! Because Lacey (who renamed the film of dubious Nancy! Is Uli too stupid to remember the names of her movie characters?) She would have been 20 years since she was five when it happened and not only married someone , which looks around 7 and 10! Did she attend high school? And why should Pantyhose be Annie? What is the connection with the characters of the original film? A BIG HUGE MOVIE MISTAKE that I found in this movie is that when the doctor writes in her notebook, does anyone notice that it's just SCRIBBLING? How professional, Doctor! So, what is the explanation for all the questions I put above? It's a filthy film without any thought that has ever gotten into it! I will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with this movie and that's it (maybe a few other features, some special edition of it yet?). Then I'm going back to this DVD and hopefully this review and everyone else will prevent those who do not see it from seeing the film stores get rid of and this movie does not have to exist anymore! Please be so! We're sorry this review is so long. I'm just angry at this movie, which I had to vent
