When I ordered it on the Blockbuster website, I had no idea it would be as bad as it was. Who knows? Maybe I forgot to take my ADD medication that day. I know that, from the moment she was occupied in her vehicle, in seventy-style wide-collar bells, bells and feathered hair, I knew that this unrealized gemstone was glory toward the landfill. <br /> <br /> The first to predict how bad things were to be told was at first and tried to explain what cosmic forces were in the game to cause confusion in the universe and enforce polyester and porno-quality music for the future viewer. From the opening scene with bad effects to "monsters" from another world, and then the house that jumps from space to space, it was just as painful as watching the core school production "The Vagina Monologues." <br /> <br /> In the whole movie, it was certain that something happened when a small ship appeared. "The Ship" was suspicious of what looked like old video recorders and parts of a video camera and thought of someone on their way. Of course, when he moved slower than Bob Barker's affected intestine, he was threatened with threatening pencils and the ability to shed a sinister green glow that could stop bullets and equipped with a laser capable of cutting balsa in an hour or two with a little help. Moving ... As the weird and bell-shaped bottoms continue ... We found out they were caught in Space Time Warp. How do we get this little nugget of scientific information? Because the oldest male lead tells his son that in a more or less unpleasant cuff he remembers "how did you win a big game" over a cup of Joe or a cool bottle of refreshing Coca-Cola. Did the scientist appear? No, but he knew about the horses and seemed to be dressed as an amateur in string theory and Einstein's theories. The record I watched on DVD was almost top quality. The sound was muddy and the transmission looked as if he had been shot from a theater screen with a video recorder on his cell phone. Otherwise it was really bad. (It's not enough "really" to describe it, really). I know some love this film and compare it to other classical cults. I have never seen this movie on my original release, but even then I thought I'd come to the same conclusion: bury it fast.
