DARK REMAINS is a low-budget American horror film that has somehow won 2 awards. The conspiracy seems to include 2 separate sources. Firstly, a woman commits suicide by cutting her wrist while bathing. Secondly, the young daughter of a technical writer is found with her throat cut off. A sad couple decides to move to an isolated cottage in the mountains. Later it turned out that the cabin and the surrounding places were scary. As the film continues, the two separate stories of the story eventually coincide, as could reasonably be expected. However, performance is random and raises confusion, which can only be resolved by a few views. Unfortunately, the film simply is not tempting enough to attract the majority of viewers to watch them more than once. Exactly everything that could happen to this movie will go wrong - and quickly! And a low budget can not be used to justify any shortcomings that occur here. I think it would be wrong to decide on the subjects involved in this production because the material was just too poor. /> <br /> The characters are uninteresting, as the other reviewers emphasize on this site. The misspelled script brings too many people without giving them an interesting dialogue without creating opportunities for situation-driven situations and without adding depth to one. <br /> <br /> The direction is uninitiated. The inspiration from the J-Horror movie, like RINGU, GRUDGE and ONE MISSED CALL, is obvious. Unfortunately, directors DARK REMAINS did not pay attention to J-Horror style. J-Horror works so efficiently because it plays fear of an unknown. Tensions arise from a constant shift between the bizarre situation (the ghost of the camera camera unit approaching it) and the reaction of the central character that struggles without warning. There is no humor or element of language in these films. Everything is played so straightforward and without any remorse or limitation that you can not help, but be convinced and enchanted. The precursors of the atmosphere create tension and ensure that horror has a psychological impact, which is very different from the "jump fears" used in Hollywood movies. The directors DARK REMAINS boldly tried to avoid the Hollywood cliché and also successfully avoided using CGI. A tribute to J-Horror could be well thought out. Unfortunately, a lack of inspiration is likely to make the audience laugh at the supposed "fear" on the screen. The make-up effects of "spirits" were not too low due to the low budget, but their actions only resisted logic. During this movie I scratched my head several times. I could not give up the end even if I wanted to. I just could not understand it. All I could deduce was that it was something that culminated. What's left? Responding as a reviewer on another website has borrowed. The film is anxiously sitting. Fortunately, the pain ends after an hour and a half. Most of them would probably have paid off long before the end. <br /> <br /> There are only two positive things I could find in this movie - the successful elimination of spooky clichés and the absence of "f-word" every sentence she would normally expect. That's why there are two stars. <br /> <br /> Those who like supernatural or psychological fears about ghosts and spooks could work well with movies such as LEGEND OF HELL HOUSE, CHANGELING or J-Horror genre. <br /> <br /> If you think you've seen too many feature films and want to see a giant "R-rated" horror movie about ghosts, look at SMART OF GHOST HUNTER. Maybe it's not the biggest horror film ever made, but it's definitely a lot better than DARK REMAINS and it's got a few real surprises in the store. I advise everyone to avoid DARK REMAINS as a plague.
