The wretched couple, after losing her daughter, moved into a mountain on the mountain and found that there might be spirits who were interested in the place, the turbulent ghosts of past residents who had committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames husband Allen (Greg Thompson) for her daughter's terrible death because she left the door unlocked and marriage worsened. Julie stays in a zombie state and does not make any emotions, distant and dull, she's just photographing a close abandoned prison and finds a surprising idea of ​​how a ghoul girl holds on the poles. Although Allen does not see anything unusual, Julie continues to take pictures and we can see that something is wrong. The local handyman, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a rather distant man hiding in secrecy, becomes a dangerous threat when his dead mother finds out that he has something to do with the persecution that occurs with Pyke. Meanwhile, the neighbors who sold Pykes in the cabin also found themselves a victim, an alcoholic who abused Mr. Booth to his wife to reappear. Allen will investigate the history of his cabin and try to uncover the secrets of this place. A lot of ghosts are moving in the background in this gloomy supernatural tale with virtually every poor figure. Cheri Christian remains so empty and lost, it is extremely difficult to connect with him, even though you understand him. The effect, as often mentioned, remains frustrating, because none of the characters can easily fit in. I think it should be under such circumstances, but the problems I have had never been able to properly accept the Puppies because of their constant state of relief. Cheri looks cool and separate as I think the mother will tend to be when you lose the baby in such a way, but the icy nature has let me in to hug her, which I just could never have. I think that if artists are going through emotional turbulence, they can grab the hearts of their audience if humanity gets us. In this case, the film is not capable for any reason. It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing of the characters that bored my heart. However, as the film continues, Allen slowly uncovers certain truths and has to defend herself against her wife, who has convinced her daughter is among them, and that she will not lose her little girl again. Jim, an unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the ghosts that are plaguing the area, he must kill the Pinks, will become a vital threat. Ghosts remain the central part of the film, their presence, especially Jim's mother, meets in the distance, in the distance. The finale will reveal everyone because Allen has to find help for his wife while trying to thwart Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into it because of my dissatisfaction with the guides and their characters.
