Okay, now what the hell should it be? Is this a fantasy family movie that would give you extra money for Spielberg's "Close Encounter of the Third Kind"? Or return to the famous days of prehistoric epics, such as "When the dinosaurs ruled the Earth" and "The Lost World"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical work that we all can not understand? Yes, it must be! Whatever it is, the film makers "The Day Time Ended" and the writer David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap" had to smell a lot of glue, ideas for this demented mix of genres. The story does not make sense, and the narrative structure is incompatible like hell, but hey, who cares, as long as the dinosaurs of paper-mache, miniature spacecraft, headache-inducing light and laser shows and spontaneously burning supernovae! Voice introduction is virtually inaudible, but no worries, because it is totally insignificant! Did you know that the definition of "time" is not what we all think? Time does not necessarily go through chronologically, it's a huge paradox! The words spoken thousands of years ago are still moving around, and even the things that happen in the future surround us. I have no idea what it all means, but it seems to provide an easy excuse for gathering together social dancers and well-powered dinosaurs. I deliberately say that these dinosaurs are well washed out, because at one point, one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door than threatens its targets. The crazy plot turns to the family of witches living in their solar house in the middle of nowhere. Grandpa is extremely annoying, granddaughter even more, grandmother is a pedestrian and talking advertising billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son strangely reminds Prince Valiant and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! For some reason, Chris Mitchum is also unnecessarily going around filming as the wife of a hot mom on business trips. The special effects are purely sinister and totally ridiculous (I sincerely hope that another reviewer who talked about "excellent special effects" was sarcastic), but the absolute most ingenious aspect here are dialogues! Just read this amazing example of extraordinary writing: Grandpa: "You know what it is, is not it?" This is warp time! "Stevie:" I'm not quite sure if I know what it means, Dad. "Grandpa:" Well, I mean , that it really did not do it "<br /> <br /> Fill your mind, gramps, you know what it is or not? And you stop talking about" Vortex "as if you were some sort of expert in the field!" The Day Time Ended "is an incredibly childish and immersive film fantasy, though I can fully understand that some of his fans love the movie because they saw it at a young age and fascinated with spectacular effects, the ending comes out of nothing as if they were suddenly exhausted or as the effects of the mushrooms they ate unexpectedly disappeared.
