'1408' is the latest choice of cheap cheap blackmail tactics. The kind that could make fans of horror with the date of the movie sometimes jump to their place and scream in the ear, but the disappointing audience is looking a bit of depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who made a career writing books describing his experience with staying in a rumored creepy hotel. Despite the assurances of patrons and owners that spirits are going through the corridors, there is little to truly believe in the supernatural. When it comes to the history of the 1408 room at the Overlook Hotel - do not expect, I think, the Dolphin Hotel in New York - it will make it a perfect closing chapter in your latest book. But Samuel L. Jackson, playing the owner of the hotel, is trying to discourage his guest from telling the atrocities that have occurred in this room since the hotel's opening many years ago. The story is simple, and we, perhaps skeptics, have to sit over Jackson's lengthy foreboding. <br /> <br /> In other words: you are afraid! Be very scared! <br /> <br /> Of course, it would be easy to convince viewers that they just paid to see the marginal thriller if it does not last so long. And also if what followed was much more than cheap "boos" that become so frequent and arbitrary that you can expect them soon. The room temperature automatically changes. Walls of dripping with blood. The fearless writer can not open the door and the like. And after almost an hour and a half of what the audience brought to them, promising great excitement, you can sit and hope that at least you can be amazed at the end. With suspicions of senile sequences and other derived time effects, without succeeding in suppressing our doubts that before the movie ends, we can finally do something to make the film a little less than completely forgotten. <br /> <br /> Despite the great performances (as always) of Cusak, which is basically the whole movie, most other people are futile (eg Samuel L. Jackson) in minor minor roles. The real secret is how this movie has gained such a high number of viewers. The ghosts?
