After I noticed a high rating on IMDb, I decided to watch this movie. In addition to this high rating, I deliberately avoided reading some reviews. I wanted to go to a theater with a clean slate without knowing the conspiracy or having a predetermined expectation. Due to my rating, you can see that I was disappointed. I enjoyed the development of the main hero Mika Enslin. I also enjoyed the hotel manager trying to talk to enter the hotel room. By the time Enslin came into the room, I was ready for some scary things. <br /> <br /> The first chocolate appears on the pillow and the toilet paper is folded. Enslin reacts in a credible way. He was scared. I am encouraged and thinking about myself, it will be good. The people who shot this film realized that there was less. <br /> <br /> But it is what happens after it was big. This subtlety is quickly replaced by a predictable shotgun approach ... Just rinse the audience with every Hollywood scary trick in the book and I hope something works. Let's look at the clock radio that turns itself on? Well, that's always scary. Objects that move in the room? Well, you can not complain about it. The blood that dripped from the walls and the sink? Great. Spirits who commit suicide? Good. Something else? And what the noisy sounds, trembling, fire, more shakes, broken rooms, more blood, etc. It's all good. And it's all before. Re-direct our Attention Deficit Disordered audience with all sorts of stuff in rapid succession and will not be able to turn away. <br /> <br /> Well, it did not work for me. And you know what else? When I go to see the horror movie in the theater, it is typical to hear several groups of girls in the audience who scream with fear in terrifying moments. But this movie did not have frightening moments. The audience was quiet and uninterested. I felt I could not get cold. Nothing. Shining was 100 times what this movie is trying to be. So who are all these people who say it's one of the best horror movies ever? Friends of the director? I'm sorry, I just do not get it.
