I must say I was disappointed with this film. I have never been a huge fan of BNL, their songs are a little childish and obsessively nostalgic (that's me in class 9, if I had a million dollars, a box for life, etc.). But I have seen clips from their live show and I really like the improvisation and fucking nature of the show. I was hoping that this film will underscore what is unfortunately the most interesting part of the show because their music is playable, although it is somewhat insignificant and not so impressive (in the center is a standup bass solo which was totally useless and boring despite how much Jim Creegan himself kicked). The film is not and it shows just a few minutes (and you know they have better moments than in a concert in Afgahnistan "Koffee Anan, it's a responsible man, my name is Steve Paige and I'm really great"). <br /> <br /> BNL is something like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard that such a "blue" song Effeil 99 or something in 2 minutes I returned to Canada and a month later the song was all around * again *, I almost chewed my own hand. BNL is that many years ago I remembered a lot of memories of sitting around campfire in Canada and listening to people playing "If I Had a Million Dollars". BNL has been a phenomenon of culture in Canada and much of its humor has a particular Canadian inclination to do so (Kraft's dinner is a lot for many students here and the name "Gordon" is basically Canadian) a few years gone where they slipped into the darkness and I was somewhat grateful. Then they suddenly become huge in the states and they all think they are a brand new band (yeah, they're all new, but they're all at their age of 30!), While the rest of Canada goes "Oh gee, I thought you "The concert is not bad, but I'd like to see more of their routine scenes, filming is not so great, and stuff like the clips from their massive free concert in Boston is overwhelmed too quickly. The interviews are surprisingly boring for such a fun group of boys, I think they are all old, have families, houses and things and settle down a little. There are times when they get into the Spinal Tap material, where they add undoubtedly satire, then they break into laughter and giggles that destroy it. Interviews with Moses Znaimer (Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (musical dude) are extremely demanding and will inadvertently reach Tap. In fact, this film does not really control or I think it's basically one show and they're already huge at the beginning of the movie and have a huge tournament escort, it's not like seeing them emerge from the darkness and "surprised" that they are popular, it is a methodically planned event. the end is rather lifeless, half live concert, half a documentary film and a lot of them. <br /> <br />
