I am a true fan of the original Cracker series and own all of them on DVD. Cracker tended to be at the top, but Robbie Coltrane and the other cast members, as well as the writers, always seemed to be in spite of himself. I'm counting on the original Cracker between the great British television crime series of that time, and there's a tough competition: Prime Suspect, Inspector Frost, Inspector Morse, Sherlock Homes Jeremy Brett and many others. Cracker, along with Prime Suspect, was at the top of my list. Which makes New Terror even more sad ... Eventually it was a very pale imitation of Cracker's former glory. I forced myself to sit down the whole thing, convinced that it could not be so bad at all and that a spark would eventually ignite. I was wrong, it was bad from start to finish. A few critics: First of all, just to get any potential distortion right in advance: I was offended by anti-aggression, an anti-war shroud that went on and on throughout the show. Topper: The murder of two innocent Americans from any crime, and the British Junkie is "understandable but not justified" by Fitz's words. I thought, "I've been wandering two hours of bull just to hear this nasty little disgust?" So I had a negative reaction to the anti-war / American tone that brought my convictions ... For politics, I had a clear feeling that this Cracker was just a proponent of propaganda, and in fact it helped to undermine the already existing terribly weak scenario. <br /> <br /> Second, how much air-time did Robbie Coltrane get? Fitz was almost a small player on this topic, as if it were an idea that had joined a story originally written without thinking of what role Fitz had. Coltrane could perform a show on his wide and still suitably set shoulders, but the writer seemed to think of other things and missed a chance and a wide margin. Third: What ABYSMAL SKRIPT! There was some spark and a few pieces of real character development (Fitz's son wanted Fitz not to stay at his house if his plane escaped to Australia, a detective who liked to beat his bad performers over their backs and some old sparks between Fitz and his Miss), but not so far as to bear a boring story. <br /> <br /> Fourth, where the hell was Panhallagan? Now it would be interesting ... It was after all Manchester, and 10 years will be in the ranks. Another (or perhaps the actress was not interested?) Well, there's a lot more (it's bad), but I'm closing in with curiosity: at the end of the show as it was broadcast on the BBCA) when the ad announced that "The Director is Cut" available on BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! The director's attenuation, which he must probably pay, could have all the good things I expected tonight, but I have never done it, as a coherent and interesting story. Unfortunately, after I convinced myself that I was sitting in a horrible free version of "a new terror" hoping to see something, something worth watching, just to be disappointed, I have no hope to motivate me, potentially longer and longer version. Besides, he upset me that the BBCA was cutting and cutting into pieces and making time to adapt to the endless stream of ads, and then he turned and asked me to pay for it. In conclusion, I quote the first paragraph of Variety's "New Terror": It really does all this: "The initial excitement of Robbie Coltrane, which was reflected in the role of the BBC, the criminal psychologist is snowing under the tough political statement by writer Jimmy McGovern who is committed to providing the first to be angry in his message - that the Americans have a lot of kambus namby-pambies who did not care about what is going on before we get to our doorstep - McGovern's chest ticker overcomes the narrative and dampens the pleasure that Fitz he will see on the briefcase. "
