For those of you who have never heard of it (or they did not see it at A & E), Cracker is a brilliant British television show about overweight, smoked by psychological psychologist Fitz, who helps Manchester Police Department get into the head of violent criminals. This is considered to be one of the best concerts ever to come from England (and it says something), and it was incredibly successful in England and around the world in 1993. Now the original stars have again collaborated with the original writer to exclude another 2 hour episode. I have loved this show since I first saw her more than a decade ago. The set of DVD boxes has a place of honor in my collection, and I can quote a lot of Fitz's interviewing scenes in practically a word. The idea of ​​Robbie Coltrann, who reappeared with Jimmy McGovern for another TV film about Fitz, has given me the absolute joy. I'll start with good. One of the many things that caught me on the original Cracker series was how fast Fitz was defined as a character. Five minutes to the first episode? with his lecture (throwing the books in the air), drinking him and catching the guy after him on the gambling queue? and you know, he just knew who he was. You felt "knocking" on your mind, such a type of click that happens only when a great actor gets a great role written by a great writer. <br /> <br /> Coltrane, of course, stayed great throughout the show, but I always felt that some of the later episodes? those written by McGovern? This is good news: Fitz is back. Once you see him in this show? do incredibly inappropriate comments on his daughter's wedding? you will feel like you click again. It is himself: a negligible moment, and he really apologizes for another, always grateful, sincere to blameless, but brilliantly funny in the process. If you love this character just like me, you will be pleased with how it is displayed in the movie. And that applies to Judith and Mark: in fact, everything that happens to Fitzs is perfectly treated. The problem I have with this film is about the crime that Fitz is trying to solve. In standard Cracker fashion we know exactly who is a criminal in the first five minutes? Stress is that he sees Fitz as he finds out. In that case, we have a serial killer who is for American blood. And the reason, unfortunately, is not because of any credible mental trauma? rather, it seems that murders here are simple to allow the writer to show his personal political convictions. It's hard for me to write because I'm really convinced that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world. I do not even have a problem with films about current issues or movies that have a political stance. But in the Cracker universe, we expect characters to behave like human beings, not as cartoons. Instead, Americans in this film are all rendered in a completely stereotyped fashion. Are they conscious - no dirty people who complain about everything, treat local people like crap and cheat on their wives? one of them can even do everything in less than 5 minutes. I honestly thought I mistakenly switched channels or something like that. But it does not stop there. Do we get permanent remarks about how much the war in Iraq is happening? remarks that have nothing to do with the story and look almost nothing. The killer is so busy that Bush is worse than Hitler that he almost forgot to kill; but rather to being so voiced for the political views of the writer that he forgets to act as an unbelievable human being, so are we? as an audience? do not buy his sudden transformation from a happy family man to a tortured serial killer soul. Can not I say it ruined the show for me? it was still a good TV, better than almost anything else in the genre (mainly due to Coltrane). But his constant politicization made it impossible to be as good as the real Cracker classics like "to be someone"? an episode that was equally "problematic," but one that had been dealt with a much finer and psychological depth. Two other small points: The Panhandle that is not around is disappointing, but what's worse is its replacement. The entire police department? which has been filled for so long with such great figures - is now full of vanilla. Fully replaceable policemen who lack any personality (how could you drain Richard Coyle and Coupling's personality is outside of me, but it is really missing here). There are also a few moments when the show lost its credibility for me. One such situation revolves around Fitzu that he must narrow the entire Manchester population from 1 million to one according to some very special criteria (French windows? How does the computer know I have French windows?)? he will not only succeed, but will succeed in less than an hour. I do not think so. <br /> <br /> So I was a little disappointed. It is recommended to watch but do not forget to leave at least some of your expectations at the door. Still, if there was a new series, it would be all good: I'm convinced McGovern can still write great things, and maybe now that he has his policy out of his system, he can go back to writing about people.
