Man, I really find it hard to believe that the beautiful Alan Ball has something to do with this mess. When I saw the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this show will not be on my list. It's just so many things that work against him. None of the actors is particularly good. Anna Paquin as the lead character of Sookie is just terrible. I remember it's better in many other things I've seen, so maybe it's just writing. It's not really fun too, the moments when it's honest, it looks absolutely ugly. The actor who plays Bill is a little better, though only because his character is to be a wooden and standing. The other actors do the best, but with clichés with the hard-working accents they give, it's hard work. Tara's absolute misery watching, Rutin Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It's like bad nails on the blackboard. Nelsan Ellis is almost terrible, it is difficult to understand what he is sometimes saying. Both his character and Tara are a bit racist for me. I do not know, the character that says 'whycome' on the HBO show, which is not The Wire, looks a little odd. While filming rounds is Sookie's marvelous grandmother, her brother's sexual habits and the only genius of departure that I saw at William Sanderson as a sheriff. The story seems bold to do the goal at this point without actually taking care of the viewer's interest. Romance is a very dark shadow-sy. Though it turns out to be the camp factor of some old episodes of Dark Shadows about ten. At times I thought it was so huge that I had to assume it was supposed to be. But unlike the show, like Buffy, who has taken the camp out of the championship, this show is not. Outside the camp there is an extreme gore and graphic sex show. I'm not against it when it's good, just like in many other HBO series, but at least here, the harsh sex scenes that include Jason Stackhouse are looking a bit up and down. <br /> <br /> The only nice thing I really can think of about this mess is that I liked the initial sequence of the title. HBO has had a lot of bad luck with her shows lately, I hope it will cancel after the first season and try to get something better in the air.
