For every series that makes it on TV, there are 100 ideas, 50 scripts written, 15 pilots and one, only one, is actually production. From such a selection process, we are led to believe that the final product must be the cream of the crop, for what else could so many thoughts be rejected to give us one television series. <br /> <br /> so it's true with True Blood; all the stars have settled and what has begun as a series of novels has changed into an idea, a screenplay, a pilot, and finally a series. Unfortunately, this can sometimes be a long way and there are many revolutions on the road that will eventually change what was good and clean and it turned out that production people feel it would be best for ratings. Oh, how bad they are so often ... True Blood is an example of a creative concept that has evolved into one of the poorest stories, the worst and most powerful subplots, as something in recent television history. His international cast of relatively unknown actors tries to find their voices, but they still overlap with fake southern accents. Alan Ball is not such a secret desire for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse), who brings us a fresh shot every week, though it often has nothing to do with the story. Tara's irritated black characterization of women can not unite and find that you secretly hope that the refugees will bring it quickly before it comes to another speech about suppression of white when attending the ceremony of the famous dead confederation. Sam finds a suppressed love for Sookie, and suddenly we have to believe she must watch her morning, noon and night, over the years of working with her and avoiding such relationships. As for Bill Vampire, his moral high ground quickly surrenders on the first chance to love Sookie and has no problem with fast food (although it remains somewhat unharmed). We find other vampires who are not as common as Bill, but we are very eager to be welcomed by the public when they look at the living as Happy Feet with their feet. Despite my best efforts of suffering during the first six episodes, I've come to the conclusion that no matter how long you look at the bad show, it's still bad. Something dies for some reason, even vampires. Maybe it should be.
