This show had a lot of fun, but I did not know about it until the middle season (season 1). Someone even recommended a show. But I decided that if I wanted to follow, I would wait until the end of the season to watch over it. Given the show format, I'm glad I was waiting. I imagine it would be quite uncomfortable to have almost every end of an episode in the middle of a hanging cliff, and then have to wait another week to find out what's going on in the next section of the story. show has managed to throw too much sex. Jason will have sex with almost everything that moves. Right after he discovered that one woman he had sex with was killed, another night in bed with another woman! Tara and Sam want it, even though each of them knows that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie is crazy when he finds out later - even as he sleeps with a vampire. One of the problems with the show is that you can not do a good job to take care of the characters. I really did not care about Jason. Together with his endless pursuit of the story, he was cruel to the people who really cared about him. After a few episodes, I do not mean to kill him. For this reason, I mostly did not care about murder until Sookie's wife became a victim (because the first two were more involved with Jason). Only after Sookie and Bill will have sex, the story gets a few more subplots. Tara's mother wants exorcism, then the exorcist tries to persuade Tara to have one to remove her own demon. I was not so bothered about the whole issue of exorcism because I know there are some people who really believe in it. However, they are losing little time when they show that it's wild just after Tara spends about 1300 dollars for exorcisms for her and her mother. At other points, some of these situations happen too quickly. Jason continues as a blockbuster, trying to sell his grandmother's stuff to buy vampire blood, which is probably a new crack or something. In his quest finds the girl who makes him V (the blood of the vampire). They rise and fall in love with each other in three days, dragging the vampire to a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to the vampire tribunal. It's only two days for Sookie to feel deserted and start wondering if she thinks that the "vampire politician" is more important than she. <br /> <br /> Subtlety is not a strong suit of this show. It does not suffer the genius to find out that something is happening with a local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, it was not so surprising. But the last two episodes were where it was really unpleasant, because it just pushed all the development on your face as if you could not imagine it for yourself. When Tara got into a traffic accident, the face of a naked lady with a piggy is clearly shown and was easily recognizable when she appeared in jail for rescue. As if that were not enough, they would once again show a woman with a piggy at her house. Then it's time to pack a murderous story. At the end of the penultimate episode, it was discovered that Renee was not the one who said he was, and most likely, a killer. In the final episode, Renee becomes a killer on his face. Sookie notes that it is strange that Renée's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought it was all right because it adds that Renee is a scam. But the next scene is full of incriminating evidence against Renee. They show that Renee has a Maudette tape with a vampire, and his fiance finds a cassette in one of Renee's boxes about how to fake Cajun's accent. At this moment it was just ridiculous. I mean, we got it! That's how blah is going to be. Bill almost kills when he saves Sookie, who can still kill Renee. They open season 2 by leaving unfinished problems. Just a little girl and Sam have a history, Lafayette has disappeared and could be killed. Jason is in the process of brainwashing as a religious walnut by some anti-champion church - which makes me even less careful. It's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. I think I expected this show to be better. I'm interested in seeing what's going on in Season 2, but if I look at it, I'm most likely to wait for the season to finish.
