After watching some great HBO stuff - Band of Brothers, Rome, etc. - I have to say that I had a lot of hope before watching the first episode of "True Blood". Jeez. Often it seemed that the screenplay was written in eight years, some parts are just horrifically shot (the scene in which "rescues" Bill, I think, come on, catch a string with that guy! Around his neck and it will magically suffocate him! That was pretty tedious if you want my opinion, or a few moments before the scene, when they find out that the couple is gone with Bill, ridiculous, they hear they plan their things, and as if 5 seconds later, a spell, three of them are gone and without any fight or I think the idea of ​​the show looked like interesting, mysterious, interesting, vampires who live with a man in our modern society ... but I honestly do not think they want to do more of it than a tiny soap show that the average teen girl watches all the time but nobody else is interested ... Unfortunately, the script is written poorly, preferably average, is shallow and extremely predictable. l that it's a joke or something. <br /> <br /> Actors give a really unconvincing performance if you want your opinion. It looks like the show is very easy to take, as if it were a regular, low-budget family TV show (maybe that's what it is when you're taking a family). The only actor I found to be somewhat good was Stephen Moyer in the role of Bill, given the poorly written, extremely short answer he had to say, "What are you ..." "I can call you sometimes ...", I think he did well when he brought out a somewhat mysterious part of the vampire that somebody with a vampire role did. Anna Paquin was fine, but no more. But the guy who plays his brother is terrible. The scene in which he is arrested is just the shame of modern television. The game is bad, the building looks fake with bones and two other guys: "Why is he arrested? Uh .. I do not know ..." That was pretty embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Another thing I think was completely missing is the way they introduced Sookie's psychic powers. We hear what people think and speak at the same time, and that's just bad. Often it seems unnecessarily chaotic, as if people's thoughts were some unpleasant radio channel, and as they approached em, they hit the right level of frequency and must hear everything they think. <br /> <br /> And finally, sex scenes are simply futile and that the vampire sexual thing was totally disgusting. <br /> <br /> Do not get me wrong - I wrote all these comments not because I thought it was a show of BAD, but because I was very disappointed. I expected good things. I did not think it would be like this. It's definitely not a good show. Top media.
