It all had a good movie - good actors (Robert Loggia, Ellen Parker), a good conspiracy (a mysterious space rocket threatening to burn the planet) and a lot of tracks (if Air Force had a shotgun jet film used). Unfortunately, too much melodrama and impossible time series are destroyed. The film concerns rockets from space that are attacked by the Soviets and unintentionally diverted into a low atmosphere. At less than five kilometers and over 4,000 kilometers, it emits a million-pound explosion and burns everything on the ground, including glaciers, remote early warning lines (DEW) and Eskimos. <br /> <br /> Every attempt to destroy the missile fails. <br /> <br /> The first mistakes in this movie are coming soon. While we do not expect too much from low-budget films, some things can not be forgotten - like little research. For example, both the Soviets and the American anti-aircraft missiles, which are home to a rocket with inconspicuous precision. However, the first successful ABM tests were conducted only in March 1961 by the Russians. <br /> <br /> There are too many melodies. Dr. Loring (Loggia) and his assistant Joan Woods (Ellen Parker) play their romance with as many wood as log cabins. Parker's character yelled and boo-hoos at Loggie's sacrifice as she was on the screen test. Loggia is as heroic as a bored merchant. Scientist (Phillip Pine) it spoils so much that it makes William Shatner look like thespian. The bus driver continuously spits the crap at the end of the scene after the scene. The only good actor is the film narrator who plays the actor Lawrence Dobkins ("Naked City"). Everything could be overlooked if it was not for the time line. After the rocket information is sent to DC, the Pentagon brings a group of scientists. General (Larry Kerr) announced that the missile would hit New York City in 63 minutes. After that, scientists are being discussed and death deadly because a word from ambassadors is required to see if the missile is attacking the Russians, and if a reaction is needed. the army is fully mixed. Citizens of civil defense leave work and go to their stations. Eight million people sink into hiding, while school buses highlight millions of children (and we see the brightest New York City I've ever seen, although it looked at 50 science fiction films, it seemed to be a standard). Print is stored in the dark for tens of minutes. Then, unbelievably, the Pentagon man announces that the rocket strikes in Ottawa, Canada in 51 minutes! All the aforementioned events happened in 12 minutes! Then Loggia adds fuel to the fire and thinks how to stop the alien missile somehow. Slowly produces plutonium, loading it into a jeep and taking it from DC to the remote base of the rocket to mount it on a rocket. On the way, he is driven out of the way by a wild driver, broken, and then robbed. Eventually, he gets the plutonium back and moves to the base to fire the gun. Again, all in the same 63-minute time frame. The film also shakes the viewer by seeming to save Ottawa just to show that men, women and children will be roasted. The rocket has five minutes to get to New York. Loggia still leads to the base (4 miles away). He gets to the base and weapons of the rocket, then a two-minute countdown is announced. Everything in five minutes. Quarters in New York City should be at least burned. <br /> <br /> By the way, the rocket is destroyed if you have not guessed. The ABM warhead destroys it by a massive plutonium-based nuclear explosion. After five seconds, the explosion is scattered and everything is clear. Yeah, they caused a nuclear explosion equal to 100 Hiroshima on the outskirts of New York, and nothing will happen. The film had all the elements needed to make it a good B movie, but lost it unnecessarily. Loggie played his character so lame that you did not care that he eventually sacrificed himself. It did not matter to the other characters, nor to the crazy scientist who plays Pine. The tension to move the film was not physically possible within the allowed time (that would not be the case today or with Jack Bauer). This movie is very difficult to find. As far as I know, it was not released again on any medium and for good reasons. I do not know if it's a movie, or it's a normal practice, but there is a scene where the government sends all the best scientists, soldiers and businessmen to deep shelters, and says they are too valuable to lose them. There is no woman or minority in the pile. Hari Rhodes is the only black man in the movie and shortly plays the piano. It was worse than "27 days," when the alien gives the five earthmen a chance to save or destroy the planet and does not include any blacks or hispanics. I saw it on a special science night at Turner Classic Movies and I do not expect it to reappear. If you find a copy, you may want to place it on Amazon.com.
