It's really a terrible scam of the movie. Its 70-minute operating time is very well tuned with traces. The rest is unclear exterior and scenic interiors. Fence exposure is poorly rendered. They're all just a shrunk scene, somehow connected. There is no attempt at the scene to select the scene, but the drama is communicated by the intensity of the actors. Please do not ask. The drawing refers to a rocket emitting millions of heat that circulates the Earth about five kilometers and threatens to destroy Earth. It is a real-time threat that has to be diverted if a custom designed H-bomb can be created and placed in an experimental rocket per hour. There is nothing to report except the mad scientist's speech against the project, because there could be some life on board and think of scientific possibilities, but this speech, which made the obligatory liberal idiot, was quite enough. /> <br /> What saves this movie, somewhat unique, is a serial footage. I have never seen a larger selection of fifty-year fighter aircraft in any other movie. This is by no means a complete list, but only some of the aircraft I could see. There is a brief capture of flying pilot, alternating shots, F-89 Scorpion and F-86. First, the Canadian Air Force Hawker Hunters and F-86 Saber Jets (or Canadian CF-13) and even a few CF-100 Clunks. the B-52s, the B-47s and even the B36s are seen starting. More padding. <br/> <br/> "These Canadian nozzles are moving at a speed of 1200 miles per hour." I do not think one of them looks like the Gloster Meteor of the Second World War, the rest of the F-80. The Meteors push the assault and one turns into the late F-84F with the flight of early straight F-84 wing aircraft, which attacks the formation. There is a special tandem cockpit version of the F-80, which seems to be a T-33 training type, but some type of temporary interceptor for all weather with radar in the nose. They are mixed in a snowstorm. The angled deck of the aircraft carrier is about 500 meters away. Launches Crusaders F-8U, F-11F Tigers, A-5 Vigilantes and A-3 Skywarriors. Aircraft F-86s and F-84s and other F-89s you've ever seen in your life, just like the F-100 Super Sabers and F-102 Delta Daggers. <br /> <br /> F-100s press their attack with sooooo a lot of padding. The F-89s unleash their rockets in their wing swings in the snow. Fire F-86, F-102 allows the release of the Falcon, even some F-80s (F-94s?) With the mid-wing rocket pods released. There is a very strange shot of the late F-84 model (prototype?) With the straight wing of the first F-85 above it, which is, of course, Republic Aviation, which shows the differences between the old and the new ThunderJet F-84 models. As it wandered about here, it is that someone would have thought. There is another great piece from Ottawa in the old days, when Canada's capital was a wide spot on the road and particularly spectacular footage of the New York Times Square during one of the civil defense boreholes in the early 1950s. I think we also have to deal with the idea that it was filmed in Canada with the possible exception of the automatic pursuit seen late in the picture, because it seems the Pacific is in the background. Using Jupiter Jupiter is somewhat mind-boggling and there is a nice TR 3 being seen as well. Canada must be cheap and in the background it is rather carefree. <br /> <br /> When it comes to the real story of the movie, there is little to recommend than the secret of who Ellen Parker is giving you a finger at the end of the picture. And surely someone turns away. Could it be like Robert Loggie? Director who died before this movie was released? Her career as her last thing? Their newspapers, as if they were the gift that was packed, were much more valuable than a gift.
