There are two kinds of characters on SHIELD: people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who follow their own interest and commit every mortal sin can tell themselves and others to say they are heroes and all hope. More than any other show, THE SHIELD is about hypocrisy and self-deception. Hypocrites and suicides are, unfortunately, heroes of the show, and as such, they have an unlikely immunity typical of the genre-fiction heroes that they are defeated or trapped, and they stand upstairs again and again, fooling all of their peers. <br /> <br /> The exhibition boasts great work with the camera. Leaders and outages are always excellent. It's really a work of art. Unfortunately, the story is a cartoon, overcrowded interest in fulfilling the scenario of unconditional violence, rape and lies. The hero who pulls all of him in an unsuccessful scheme after an unsuccessful scheme is Wiley as a warner bros cartoon character, always escaping and doing the fun of all Elmer (anyone who does not support him in his lies and crimes), automatically attracts any woman who would she looked good to come to the show, always survived any attempt to bring him to justice, and ALWAYS scratching your ears with his unbearable self-justification. If another policeman detects something wrong with what he is doing, and someone is hurt for his actions, he always blames a suspected policeman, notwithstanding the fact that his plans and complicated lies and condemned plans are always the cause. Every time. <br /> <br /> Like the 24, this show relies on disorder and innumerable delays in how to drag your story down season after season. Boring, incredible long-standing stories are put into action every season to provide a skeleton with bloody, perverse pieces of meat that are signs of corrupt acts and inevitable hiding. <br /> <br /> But most of the disappointment lies in the fact that writers return when they try to change the audience's sympathy back and forth, from characters to whims. Sometimes they want us to see Shane as an enemy. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor, misunderstood soul. Sometimes they want us to see Vica as a dangerous, sexual dynamo. Sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a golden heart. Sometimes they want us to see Mara as a low sinful Jezebel. Then she thinks if she shows her sitting and talking about her dreams with Shane, she finds her sympathetic and tragic. None of these manipulations are appropriate to gain the kind of sympathy they want. As soon as these characters show, they destroy the lives of other people for their own purposes, that's it. It is nonsense to try to move back and forth. But then it is also nonsense to produce the seven seasons of these clowns, who take every super model on their beds and operate a criminal syndicate directly from the police station directly under everyone's nose.
