In South Africa, a young black guy tries to get into the movie "gangsta". But without the knowledge of street life, he tells him to find out what life is like, or he can not get it. He can get into a gang led by an old school friend and his chance to appear in a movie when he commits a crime to be admitted. But for the gang leader the growing catastrophe of a new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own. While it may sound relatively interesting, it's all. The first half is incredibly meandered and lengthy, while "kidnapping" runs at the end with very poorly low-speed cars. In these "chases" only two police cars are used, both of which are Nissan Sunny's in the 1990s. Not only would it be relatively inexpensive to highlight (and it seemed hard to believe that they would use such worldly old cars in South Africa in 2000), but if I remember, none of them can do it once. The movement of the car is very poorly shot, has remote and poorly timed camera angles and minimal traffic on the road and is about 2 minutes in all, because you should believe that a very young child is in fact a highly capable driver that can easily be avoided despite the fact that he walks like a pedestrian and is totally unfriendly. It now leads me to characters and acting that are just as bad. An old guy who drives a car looks like 13 years old and is reportedly very experienced in the loss of incredibly unhappy police. Everyone else is equally unconvincing, so sometimes they look bored. <br /> <br /> In the final scene of the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal the car from the parking lot. While he has problems opening, the police will come and ask him what he is doing and responds by telling him that it is their car. After a brief argument they try to arrest him and he then holds a police shooting range and jumps back to his car. Upon arrival, the police return the fire and wound again. After another pathetic sequence of persecution, they decide to leave the car and stop him from destroying any evidence. What follows is one of the most direct ridiculous and spooky effects I've ever seen. When the car explodes, the flames overlap at each window with horrifying sound effects that are not even on time. It's such a bad and so fake look that it's hard to even put it in words and you really have to see it believed. If you watch it slow, it looks even more fun. I've seen better effects than in documentary films of murder reconstruction. The car is the Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not cost a huge amount of money, and they really could not afford to ruin a real explosion? I would like to know how big the budget for this movie is. I feel so cheap that I am surprised to have done it outside of South Africa, and even more surprised that it did DVD release. I know it's not a big Hollywood production. I know it is to describe gangs in poor cities in South Africa who steal cars from the middle class and sell them on the black market, but with laughter, poorly executed cars, haunted actors and absurd figures, the reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I'm not sure to advise you to look at it. If you want to laugh and see one of those poorly executed, low-budget amovie messes that have ever been created then I would recommend it, and that's all. <br /> <br /> It's a wretched, ill-treated, ill-treated, ill-dark and boring part of a low budget that fails in all respects. I have seen many films from South Africa, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World pictures of photography, and despite their cheese they are much better than this one.
