***** WARNING MAY CONTAIN SPOILS WHICH WILL BE WONDERFUL LIKE THAT TRIPE. <br /> <br /> Some good advice to anyone who lives in the UK Anytime Channel 5 has an 80-year-old comedy late in the night, read the book. I'm currently in the process of recovering from a bout due to reading some of the comments on this movie here. I'm really shocked by the fact that someone actually said this movie was realistic! The only thing I can say is that the condescending Cold War never stood out, otherwise we could get to the limits of our commission ... I found this film the worst, maybe it's just my British idea of ​​what makes the movie funny, who knows? But in all respects this film is not just horrible, its teeth are terribly terrible. I have never been a fan of Bill Murray and his waste that justifies my feelings about him. Do not get me wrong, I loved Ghostbuster, which was made only three years after this movie. But that's what Bill Murray actually sums up. I can safely say that I have not lost my time in such a fearless way because I saw the first operation of the Delta Force operation here, even though these two films have more in common than you would think. For one thing, both have terrible action sequences from start to finish and the other. They are both filling the Cliché cheese, all over. <br /> <br /> Heres one thing, these boys are supposed to be in the "US Army". Still, they are allowed to roll around their camp, Willy Nilly, lead a female military police officer, and then fool them into the General's quarters. Talk about coincidence! This movie is terrible to me. Do not let me down, I'm not a feminist sympathizer, but the fact that these two women really fall in love with two characters shortly after they arrest them, let them free ... Twice it's just insulting to a woman's race. The fact that one tatty hair, a thick broken bum (Winger) and his unfortunate Sidekick Ramis may just sweetly talk to MPs of underwear to which they fall madly in love with two of them is nothing but absurd. <br /> <br /> Then there are training scenes where you meet the band Phycho, who is unconvincingly threatening to kill someone who touches him or his person, followed by an overweight boy (played by the later and great John Candy) who claims to join the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for an anger management class." Head of the loud mouthed Murray paying tribute to the "Giant Toe," (WTF?) "Drill Seargent" who honestly could not organize pi in the brewery, let alone his recruiting team. This whole scene serves to avoid many battle scenes, with people saying "a way to go in the ass"! "The whole time etc. The scenes then continue to show the rag tag bunch making goats on each other on the attack course leading to a scene where one of them shoots wildly into the air in some passing the birds with an assault rifle and pepper the bullet guard tower. He tells you that this movie was random ... He's also wandering gloomily and undisciplined ...) He finally goes to the procession when the unfortunate team makes a magical turn in two hours. (Bugger me, Miracle!) Thanks to my wise words from Murray, who has a massive military presence as a dance routine before the geriatric 'general' over the remnants of the teams, all of them to the enormous pleasure of their two girlfriends at the booth who really should be arrested ... Everybody laughs. Then he chooses to keep in Italy a new multi-million dollar prototype armored vehicle (which turned out to be just a mobile house painted green with a lot m gadgets inside) and claimed that "this is exactly what this army needs!" righto ... <br /> <br /> Then there's a terrible finale where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this top prototype of a military vehicle to pick up her newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive MP girlfriend in Germany. Happily, Captain Happle (John Larroquette) appears and leads a team of prosecutors to a correctional mission for this vehicle. They then approached the "bad turn" and ended in the Soviet retired Czechoslovakia where they were captured. (Just as we did not see it coming ...) So begins an attempt to rescue Ramis and Murray + Birds in a hand in which there is a big fight, a lot of gunfire and blowing tanks up. They return with them as national heroes, humiliate the Russians by calling them "pussies," etc. The end. That is right. No courts Martial, nothing. They just stole the prototype of a military vehicle, transported it to the Warsaw Pact, and almost caused an international incident that could trigger WW3! This movie is frankly more fun to be diagnosed with terminal illness. I know it's supposed to be a comedy, it's got all the right actors, but where's the hell? Do you have a channel 5 that pulls those bits? The only redemption in this film is the repeated use of naked women using showers and female mud. (as I said, Random) Not that it would help divert it from being an extremely crazy movie, of course. This film should be realistically aimed at immature children at the age of 9, but we have to watch them sadly. 1 star out of 10 - Total Tripe. My advice, do something a bit more useful with time. Just like Castration yourself ...
