I just saw "When?" I remember the 1968 movie ads so I was finally interested. This may be the perspective of an American who never went to a British public school and missing some of the social links, but I thought the movie was terrible. One thing, as others have emphasized, takes almost the whole film to have recovered a lot of time. Another, whether the last scene is real or imagined, is not a rebellion, but a shooting. It's quite different. I know it may be a bad form if you were to judge a movie on the following events, but you can not avoid doing that. One person wrote a message asking us to compare the end of the incident film to Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a difference between Klebold, Harris and Cho on one side and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other side, I just can not see it. All four were under the illusion that their shooting would cleanse an animated world that arrogantly does not bear any responsibility. Which brings me to: why the hell is Travis and his chums even in the school they despise? They are adults or close. They are not in a military prison, just like the prisoners in "The Hill", a much better British film from about the same time. Nobody forces them to go to college or to whistle, except for possible ambitious parents who need to wake up the nature of their sons. I had a chance at a college to join the brother, except that I could not stand to give me the stupid, cruel commands of the delinquents who claimed to be my future "brothers". I took the consequences of not having "in" the equipment the frats provide, and I can not say I regret it. If Travis boasts the second arrival of Lenin (whose unverified image hangs prominently in his room), he can choose to leave in the next election and arrange an assembly or work for Michael Nose. If Jack Kerouac wants to, then you get on the road and start typing. What is the benefit of giving the world the joy of a motorcycle and drunk in its room? Sometimes the reviewers must be similar to the one who responded to the scene in "The Last Tango in Paris," where Brando mopes that he had to go on a date with cow's dung boots. In the real world, one said, the listener would say, "Why did not you scrape it off, change your shoes?" - Do not let fictional celebrities make a trip because you dare not point to their common alternative. So it's here.
