if .... is the film equivalent of Sgt. Pepper: Worship baby boomers as the top of the creature and it is considered a rather stupid piece of business by the previous and subsequent generations. Now that middle-class children all over the world are seemingly super human about the internet and see the prospects of boarding school as a great opportunity thanks to Harry Potter books / films, they are beyond the modern interest. In fact, many scenes appear so strange and exaggerated to suggest inspiration for Pink Floyd The Wall. <br /> <br /> Nobody should ever have personal prejudices against the film in the review, and the date of the film's wound aside, there are several shortcomings that others have overlooked. Lindsay Anderson was known as a fan of Luis Buñuela, moreover, generally too smart for his own good. In spite of a direct narrative through the first and second acts, the other part of the work was taken hostage by the surrealism of Buñuel and attempted symbolism. Anderson was not able to do this because of his overly intelligent cynicism, and he did not see that Buñuel was hungry in his work. I did not find a critic who would be the champion of the "chaplain in the drawer", and I'm almost certain that he is getting side by side with those who adore this movie. The end is not a brief struggle to the established system of classes / values, like wet knocks on a moving target. The British public school system was firmly for middle classes (the upper bark was raised internally by private teachers). And a modus operandi if ... had to check out the public school box that Lindsay believed was not reviewed in the film, and so scared the feigned middle class. Homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold showers and d. In fact, these questions have been included in a number of other great British films if ... only brought them to the fore. Browning's version was a sloping turning away of such a pomp to name only one. <br /> <br /> if ... it is strangely quaint and can not be seen with modern (especially American) eyes. Kudos to Anderson that he avoids Mick and Kieth in favor of African singing, and a few points for latent homoerotic subtexts. Points deducted from preferences, creating signs that have disappeared, and incitement to the revolution that has been lost.
