The British Public School system did not develop exclusively with the idea of ​​educating higher classes despite this popular and widespread misconception.It was designed to produce administrators and governors, civil servants, and soldiers who run the British colonies. These people were almost completely recruited from the middle classes. When public schools began to show that it was worthwhile to send aristocrats noble than to be educated at home as teachers and governors as before. They tended to favor schools more "" so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with this class of parents. The vast majority of public schools have taken their pupils from lower social standards. Tom Brown, perhaps the best known pupil of a public school, was the son of a country priest, not a count. And so in the late 1960s England, the country in the horrors of post-colonial guilt and getting rid of the last of its commitments to its former addicts as quickly as Harold Wilson could slip out of his "Gannex" mac, Lindsay Anderson "If" was greeted with cathartic joy of the hideous classes, and a mild reflection by everyone else. It must be remembered that so-called Summer of Love followed the "October Revolution," in which several bloody police officers in London and the US Embassy with one or two broken windows, nothing. So when Anderson's film arrived in the cinemas, the disillusioned former revolutionaries apparently overwhelmed what they saw as the famous victory of Mr. Malcolm McDowell over the amorphous "Them," despite having been endlessly shot at the end, the fate that would undoubtedly overtake them they had succeeded in their trying to get into USEmbassy. The film did not tell us anything new about public schools, homosexuality, bullying cold showers, patrician sarcastic teachers, stupid traditions. Generally known list. She was declared an allegory that compared Britain with a corrupt, disintegrating society represented by the school. Well, for almost forty years in the same schools, the British social system has not changed, the "October Revolution" has long been forgotten, except for those who have participated in one and the other, and Mr. Anderson has finished his "Country" trilogy without any influence. If you read a book about schoolchildren who made the system more successful than Mr. McDowell and his friends and they lived to tell the story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." written by a man, a much spoiled poem "If" she borrowed him a name for Mr. Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is the airbrushed silence of our literary history. And before the crazy classes succeed in his statement - Maybe someone should start a revolution.
