At Faat Kine there is one really good scene. The title character appears to be in conflict with another woman and after being threatened, Faat Kine puts her in her face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre and rather funny at the same time. In one case, the writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the viewer a character that is easy to roam, an interesting film character that would be in two hours' attention. In the scene, she is a brave woman who is courageous in her activities. The rest of the film is the only thing it seems to pose, conflicting tones. <br /> <br /> The tone is everywhere. It's true that not all movies have to fit into a specific genre, but I do not think Faat Kine fits into any genre. It is probably a drama, even though there are times of such a wide comedy (the above-mentioned spraying in the face) that it can not be taken seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with a number of serious themes that Sembene stuffed into the picture. There is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama. Unfortunately, Semebene does not find this balance. Instead, one scene after another simply floats without great cold or reason, so two different tones hang in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine also has a problem with two hours with an extremely tough final. The movie ends with a great side where all character conflicts are solved, but they are not quickly resolved. The scene takes longer than another scene, probably in twenty minutes. Since the remaining scenes up to this point were meandering, the finale is especially hard to withstand with the repetition beginning early in the scene, which makes for a frustrating viewing experience. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too at Faat Kine. I'm not the right audience. I did not feel anything about the characters and had no connection with any part of the story. There are people who are likely to find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. But I could not do it, so I can not recommend it.
