A young man kills a young woman without reason. The man's brother is imprisoned for allegations that he is an accomplice, but soon escapes. After escaping, a seemingly innocent man kidnapped three victims and soon attracts his friend to the conspiracy. If it is not bad enough, the situation will quickly cause a descending spiral. This film has some good aspects and many bad ones. The most powerful aspect was actress Emily Haack. By rejecting the fact that she is filmed in a relatively large amount of this film, she is a decent actress and a very strong figure. I see no reason why he can not take this experience and change it somehow. I was convinced he was a ruthless person. The creators of this film were also very brave and did not strike. Graphic nudity (male and female), coprophagia, and extreme anal violence are not diverted. I love my horror films to push the border a little, and he completely ignored them and liked to skip to Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much, but I think they have achieved what they were looking for. But now they are negative aspects. First and most visible, this movie is a very low budget, and the quality of the film shows it. I can apologize - that the conspiracy was decent, it was good, and in some scenes, a film of lower quality actually made the film more disturbing (a more realistic feeling). So I do not need them for not having the wrong gear. The reason why I'm going to do it is to use bad shots. For whatever reason I can not find out (apart from filming a movie) a lot of records from the cemetery. I do not know why, and I honestly said at this point because I was so long and useless. I also have a problem with the name. The idea here was to deceive people to think that this movie had some connection with the classic "I Spit on Your Grave". Now there is a line that seems to indicate that the main character is the daughter of a woman from this other film. And the themes are very freely the same (the woman will avenge men). However, there is no fixed link and the reason why this title was chosen was that the video rental customer thought he was going to continue. It was fraudulent and dishonest. My last major complaint is that this plot has no point. Not a little. The woman is killed at the beginning for no reason. The prisoner striker will find time to kidnap people to torture them for no reason (because they hurt his girlfriend?). The same person goes from good to evil without explanation. Likewise, the female leader (Haack) will change from a normal person to someone who is too cruel and sadistic, for no reason, and against people who are mostly negligent (a neighbor who offers drugs for sex is wrong, but in no case is it worth getting tortured). Do not let this title crazy, or claiming the movie is incredibly shocking. Yes, some scenes were shocking, but the overwhelming majority of the film is boring and makes you want to take a nap. If you see it in a video store or in Netflix, just browse. Or you can rent it, and we can still get there. You were warned.
