Shlock-businessman Leo Fulci is changing in pace by making an unpleasant, barely coherent sword and witch-like fantasy film instead of his usual furious, barely coherent horror. Wimpy Type Orlando Bloom named Ilias, from a company that resembles a somewhat old Greece, travels across the ocean to the cave territory on some vaguely defined path to the battle of evil where it connects with an animal loving hunter to the wolf-man battle and mutant guides vampiric topless evil witch. There's a burglary. The witch pushes the local cave and wants a magical bow for herself. He sends out various aids, each more curious than the last, after our heroes finally won, and everywhere they struck a beating for oppressed caves. Does this movie contain a steady stream of WTF? elements and moments. <br /> <br /> For some reason, the entire movie is shot in soft focus and the image is further blurred by the constant presence of fog on the screen. It could have been an attempt to create an atmosphere or hide what it looks like to be fake. In any case, it failed. There is no atmosphere unless it is one of justification and mild confusion and it is not hidden how everything looks. The servants of the wolf men look like a poor man. For some reason, the director fell in love with shots that jump in the slow motion of six million dollars toward our heroes when they attack. There are probably about ten of these shots in the movie and it's getting worse every time. Other witchcraft witchcraft, apart from generic leather-dressed men, are some lumps of white mutants who seem to be covered with a web. Needless to say, they are slow and non-threatening, and when they speak as a gay homosexual, they push the Dale. The fight is cramped and unconvincing, and the special effects are terrible. Oh, yeah, music is a cheap synthesizer thing that Doctor Who's creators would be embarrassed to use. Ilias, our nominal hero is insignificant and unforgettable. It also looks like a complete sound, especially with its gruesome revelation of leather clothing and big hair, and is obviously crazy. Sure, it's a dynamite shot with a magical bow, but he has only three or four arrows to fight against the whole continent of evil. Needless to say, within a few minutes, he runs out of the arrows and must be rescued by the traditional sword and hero of a wizard, Mace. When he meets Ilias, he sets himself up as a silent man, says he has no friends, but as soon as you can say the latent homoerotic subtext that they are friends who are coming together with the hills. Mace promises to take Illy in return for kind kindness. Ilias asks where he is going. "Wherever my legs take me," is his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also a lover of animals and a hostile cover. He declares his great love and kinship to animals, quotes the usual things about how he destines them to humans, because people can be so important. He says he will never hunt and kill an animal to feed, but he will steal meat from other people who have hunted animals. It's also not the accidental killing of innocent passers-by without a good reason. Not long after they meet, they try the Ilie Bow and the film pulls out a casual cave-man who realizes his own business, goes after him, and Mace shoots him. There is no indication that this bad soul has not earned anything, and even Ilias, which is supposed to come from a more moral and civilized society, does not even raise eyebrows. <br /> <br /> The film's hobby is quite unusual. The whole movie is completely naked, with the exception of the g-string and the golden mask that contains the whole head. It is as though Fulci included it to make the films a mandatory T & A quotient, but decided it was a little late at the last minute. She spends a lot of time, seems to be pleased with her pets and dreams of being shot by a face bow controlled by a man dressed as Ilias. Wow, such symbolism! Later in the movie, he crashes when he can not defeat Ilias and Mace and promises to become a sexual slave to an old warrior if he kills her. It is hardly the most horrible villain in the world, and it is not really a step forward for women's rights. I think Sic is a spider-like creature for our heroes, and it's a Mace in a situation where there is no one but Mace to deceive. Was he really good at trading with you, Ocron? <br /> <br /> There are quite a few other WTFs? moments. Most of them come to the end of the movie. Ilias disappeared, I forgot why his permeated hairstyle might have faded, but he was aware of the mistakes of his journeys and returned to help Mace fight against the forces of evil. Suddenly, for no reason, his bow suddenly burns several targets of energy seeking. The screws can also shoot solid rock if necessary. Needless to say, he does a short job of hordes of villains who have caught Mace. The culmination is also quite pointless. Mace displaces the remaining Ocron forces using laser bending capabilities. Then he is able to shoot Ocron a kilometer away with his shot over rock capacity. He's starting to die. Her mask is torn apart by revealing Muppeth's ugly head. She runs around screaming and turns into a dog and leaves with another dog. Mace smiles. Roll credits. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, with respect to these miserable low budget sword and witch movies this is reasonably clear and focused. Anyone who has seen Wizards of the Lost Kingdom can tell you how ridiculous and stinking these movies really can be.
