Despite being released on DVD Blue Metra five years ago, I never encounter this Italian item of "Swords and Magic" on Italian night television, and now that I've seen it with my own eyes, I know exactly why. Not because of the typical prejudice of their extreme gore director (which are some examples of certain) or the fact that a handful of women in the procession do not end all the time (in the dark age at the end) is simply a very bad thing. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it may well be the worst of its kind that I have not seen yet and trust me that I have seen a lot (especially in the last few years, after my trip to the 2004 Venice Film Festival ) Reading about how the film's failure at the initial release believed to have led to his director's subsequent (and regrettable) career collapse fall into the soulless low-budget blood, I see my opinion: I can prefer Fuls to the earlier "Giallo" period (1968-77) his favorite horrors (1979-82), but on the other, his commitment was probably undisputed. On the other hand, it seems CONQUEST did not wake Fulci in the least? when we decided to disguise the drive with the disturbing eternal fog, sprinkle it with disparate characters (cannibals versus werewolves, someone?), irrelevant gore (we were treated to a free, unpleasant cannibal dinner just before we saw the carrion with their brain literally beaten by their hairy antagonists!) and even some very tasty intimacy between the camouflaged, brain-slurping villainess and her slim reptiles the pet !! For what it is worth, we have two heroes at the cost of one here: a young magic bow-carrying boy on some masculinity to say Odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and his disparate muscular accompaniment (Jorge Rivero, Howard Hawks' French Robby Lobo, !) Which, despite being called Mace (for Macish's sake), seems to simply fall into his cave from time to time and get his younger protector out of trouble (especially during an extremely unpleasant attack on "cooks "). Unfortunately, even the usual economic mercy of such low-grade material does not appear here, because the electronic score of ex-Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems sometimes inappropriate. Fulci is even devoted to making the movie a mocking hasty code with a surviving muscular throat that has begun aimlessly in the wilderness (after defeating one and all with the help of a ubiquitous magical bow - so much for his own supposed physical strength!) To his next? and fortunately unfiltered? adventure!
