Model Laura works in South America when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken to the jungle. They require a huge ransom for her release. Peter is hired to keep her at home safe and there is a bonus for him if he can bring money as well as a girl. Peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend Jack. They try to give the fake money hijackers in return for Laura, but the plan goes terribly wrong and has to hit the helicopter. The helicopter is shot and also has to bail from it (it did not go that far). Also roaming the jungle is the devil of the species. In fact, it's just a naked black guy with strangely big eyes and a breathing problem. It begins to kill a few hijackers and Laura escapes just to be captured by some primitives. The rest of the movie is a bit of blurring really. Now I'm not a massive fan of Jess Franco, in fact it's just his second film I've seen but even I can say it's really not one of his best efforts. The film stretches relatively slowly, without even going. The whole thing could easily be edited in a 25-minute TV show. There are plenty of too long shots of people walking through the jungle that could just be lifted directly. <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter is poorly illuminated (Infact I think it was not illuminated at all), wrongly dubbing, acting poorly and slowly but for some reason bored me. I think the main reason for this was some of the cheerful bad scenes in it. For example, the scene where Laura walks down the street was, of course, shot down on a real street, while crowds stopped to look directly at the camera as her shooting. Another fun scene has one of those gangs who were killed hanging in a tree that dripped with blood while one of his friends stands just below him and yells for what looks like minutes. Then no man at the head of the tree touches any reason and throws it under him. It must be believed. Then of course there is a real devil. It's just a naked black man who, despite the fact that he has massive eyes, has a very blurred vision. The film was associated with part of the video ugly scary in the eighties here in the UK and was banned. So why it was, I have no idea. There is very little gore and it is hardly a shocking film. Minus the nudity I would say he could get away with PG almost. The only thing I think is that it was never really tracked and added to the original list from the mouth. <br /> <br /> There is not much reason to watch this movie really unless you are a massive Jess Franco fan. There are plenty of nudity to hit you, and some scenes that are so bad you can laugh at them, but the other wise I would say you just pay for a ticket to South America and lose yourself in the jungle. It would probably be fun. <br /> <br /> 3/10
