The problem with "The Killer Elite" is that simply by looking for this film and investing time in watching it, you have more experience than many of its directors, especially director Sam Peckinpah. <br /> <br /> The already volatile Peckinpah got into the hot weather with this film. According to at least one biographer, he met cocaine. Add his drink to it, and it's no surprise that things broke down. It's a shame because the concept behind the film is good and the first ten minutes promises a lot. Mike Locken (James Caan) and George Hansen (Robert Duvall) are private contractors who do a lot of dirty work for the CIA. They move fast, live well and look like the best buddies - then something happens to break their fraternity. The opening scene shows that the building is exploding - why we do not know exactly the odds for the course as to the dark motivation of this movie. But the consequence is that these guys hurt people and really do not like it - anti-throats just like before Peckinpah's wild band. Opening the title tells us that they are working for ComTeg, then adds an obvious tongue to the face "... the idea that the CIA could employ such an organization for any purpose is of course absurd." This is a pretty clever way for the audience to realize that all bets are turned off. Add to this a traditionally strong backup of Peckinpah, including Burt Young, Gig Young and Peckinpah regular Bo Hopkins in the plum roll role of a crazy person who can not get the opportunity to shoot for $ 500 a day, and you just want writers, including the celebrated Sterling Silliphant, trying to do something more with the story than to turn to the platform for lazy-loops and bad chop-socky knockoffs. An attempt to introduce a dose of liberal social commentary is frightened. "You're so busy you're doing your dirty work, you can not tell who's wrong," someone Locken says, as if he is, or we need to point out. <br /> <br /> Still worse is Peckinpah's clumsy direction and slow stimulation. We're 40 minutes into the movie before we get our first fight scene, a totally chaotic collection of random shots where a lot of people we've never seen before have seen fighting at San Francisco airport, their battle being interrupted by the conversation office. By the end of the movie, what remains of the cast, the battle inside the fleet of dead winning boats, ninjas running out to be shot while Caan threw a liner that undermines some tinge of real tension. "Put me seven to five, I'll take that little guy," he throws just before the samurai climate battle between the two ninja warriors - from China, which we all know, is the Ninja country. (The Battle takes place in San Francisco, but surprisingly they will not get any Mounts to divide it.) Caan is much better in smaller scenes, like Locken, recovering from some unpleasant wounds, says one of his bosses, played smooth Arthur Hill, that he was a "Humpty" organization. Caan refuses to stay down, and his recovering scenes, though propelling for the film, represent the subtle acting of him and Amy Heflin, the daughter of Van, as a supporting nurse. Caan was one of the best actors in the seventies and his laconic acting with Heflin, Duval, Hopkins, and both youngsters give Killer Elite real attention. But you do not look "Killer Elite" thinking about it. You watch that you think of the movie that disappeared.
