"Nobody Knows Nobody" is the thriller of a conspiracy theory about a Satanist / Nuts bomber focused on religious celebrations in Seville during the Big Week. He is also the best friend of the movie hero. The task is to set the bomber as a computer game with himself and the hero as players and Seville as a virtual environment. Very real aisles and city streets begin to enjoy the labyrinth in those old Pacman games. See that the scene where the hero and his female side trail the black hoodie with the rayguns does not have to look as silly as he does. <br /> <br /> From the very beginning, we realize that the narrative is built as a game - the hero has the task of creating crosswords for popular newspapers; at one point, the crossword grid on the screen becomes a chessboard, which later plays against his girlfriend's father. Characters are freely dispersed because the camera mystically closes on images that later turned out to be significant (for example, Advertising on the bar). Detective / paper persecution is part of the ongoing game, rather than a fact-based investigation. The film finds it hard to borrow the "Se7en" story, and anyone with Catholic education is likely to get the meaning of some of the events that take place in certain days before EAsterreich. In this reading, the game is at the narrative level, with the hero fighting the enemy (in this case the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself that undermines the first. There is another set of tracks that is not related to the intentions of the killer, but the filmmaker and his hero. In the first ten minutes there are links to chess, the writer Navokov and the cult leader called Sarin. If we remember that the Nabokov spider who loves chess was Sirin, we see another game in which we think not to be a bad guy, but a hero himself. <br /> <br /> In the Nabokov novel as 'Pale Fire', the author creates a text to hide his own motifs and evokes the game between the writer and the reader to reveal the real text. Throughout the movie there are scenes that are visually distorted (for example, Fuzzy Images) or which are ambiguously defined dreams and hallucinations that lead us to suspect a hero. The opening links to the games are linked to it. In the initial sequences, a lot of sexual and creative impotence of the character is created, so the film could be his attempt to master his life, be the winner in such a way that he can not be real. He soon won the game before his writer's block disappeared; the words he writes are the title of the film, which suggests he is the overall author. In addition, this Spanish title reflects on itself a very negative, very Nabokov involution, which suggests that a hero, like Kinbot, was imprisoned in his own soleism. This miserable postmodern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon et al are also mentioned), Fincher, X-Files, Run Lola Run, Chris Marker (the city's idea and its history as maps and text and as a cultural history, Bunuellian anti-clericalism and Alex de la Iglesia 'shock' films will result in a movie that is just that, miserable, every clever-smart alluvius element by the abolition of the last, scattering interest. Lack of clarity about the rules of the game causes it to be incomprehensible and eventually wearing. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in the work of such an exaggerated work of art, the main interest of the film lies in its documentary quality, as a record of a real-world narrative with its own events that take place independently. Such an ambiguous blur of reality and fiction can create a masterpiece like "Sans Soleil" or "London", but in the end you have to have a light touch to match yours.
