In the field of scientific fiction, two specific topics were consistently challenged, initially explored in the literature of the pre-cinematographic era, and since then periodically reviewed by authors and writers alike, with varying degrees of success. The first time-related theme has been fascinated by fans of the film, as well as a written word, most recently on the screen with another version of the classic H.G. Wellse "The Time Machine". The second theme, which can also keep viewers in the thrall, is the invisibility that generates imagination, with the seemingly endless and innumerable possibilities. And this theme has once again become the basis of a film adapted from another classical HG Wells "The Invisible Man," where "Hollow Man" is directed by Paul Verhoeven and starred by Kevin Bacon and Elisabeth Shue. Sebastian Caine (Bacon) and his colleagues have been conducting experiments for the US government for some time and exploring the possibility and practicality of the invisibility that they finally achieved in a number of primates on which they tested their method. In fact, they have progressed to the point where inertia is ensured; their only problem is to return the subject back to the original "visual" state of being. But it is a problem that Caine, after hard work and too many hours in the lab, has solved - or thinks so. And when the theory of living theory is successful, he decides to present the results to the board of directors in an effort to maintain the funds needed to continue the project. <br /> <br /> At the last minute, however, Caine is distracted because he fears that control will be avoided by him until he comes to the next level - testing the human subject. And he took it upon himself to become such a subject, and he got the help of his research team by telling them he'd given it to them. But something goes wrong and Caine is trapped in the cloak of invisibility; and when his team tries to find a solution to his big dilemma before it's too late, it'll all get caught by Caine in mind. And suddenly his fear of losing finance and control becomes insignificant as he faces the immediate danger of losing much more. Now it's very likely he can lose everything - including himself. Verhoeven has created what is initially exciting, even a thought-provoking film; he creates a good tempo and uses the F / X to have a great effect, although he tends to allow a striking visual to overcome the character's evolution. Anyone familiar with 'Invisible Man' or anyone who can logically follow the story process will know that at the beginning that Caine is not meant for happier times. Still, Verhoeven has a narrative style that will definitely attract attention and appeal to his audience. But he seems to have leaned to the top and left the path of any nuance that made his film so successful and decided to enter into the ultimate succession that is nothing but helpless blood and a gorem fest that betrays its audience and everything for who previously worked in the movie. Rather than seeking intelligent solutions to Caine's misery, and using some ingenuity and imagination to make the film come to its inevitable conclusion, Verhoeven set out on a low path and although it can succeed on a purely visceral level, any meaning could be drawn from the story dissolves as much ash in the wind, along with anything that would make it an unforgettable film. And it's a shame, because Verhoeven is at a higher level than much of what is being offered in this genre and allows him to fall unnecessarily to one much lower. Kevin Bacon does a good job of creating a figure that is credible, albeit only on the surface that seems to serve Verhoeven's purposes perfectly. Bacon's painting is a little deeper but has more to do with his director than his own acting skills. Verhoeven simply does not allow Bacon time to develop Caine in any way; the character is mainly the craft around which Verhoeven can build its story and works for that purpose. The film would be better served, however, Verhoeven and Bacon have dealt with in more detail by at least developing a bond between Caine and the audience, which would cause some emotional involvement in the audience, something that would draw them a bit rather than leave them at the gate, she would be a mere observer of F / X loaded with extravagance. Elisabeth Shue takes good care of Linda McKay, Caine's willing partner in bad life, but this is essentially an ungrateful part that offers a small challenge, especially Shue's caliber. The same can be said of Kim Dickens (filmed in the 2001 film "Things Behind the Sun"). Her character, Sarah Kennedy, does more than support action and F / X. Both actors are capable of much more and deserve better results than what they were given to work here. Supporting cast includes Josh Brolin (Matthew), Greg Grunberg (Carter), Joey Slotnick (Frank), Mary Randle (Janice) and William Devane (Dr. Kramer). The fun point, and even successful at a low (low) level, `Hollow Man 'is one of the films that lets you think about what might have been. Like the annual fireworks, it gives you some momentary excitement, but after a while it will merge with all the others you've seen, without a special partition. And it is bad, because the talents and abilities of the participants could have been much more. I mean this 4/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
