Vampires vs. The Zombies start with the latest news that an unidentified disease that spreads all over America leaves the suffering murderous and cannibalist tendencies ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and his teenage daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listen to the radio, isolated road trips to try and escape the illness when Travis runs over the guy who I suppose to be a zombie. Along the way, she stops to help Julie (Brinke Stevens) and her teenage daughter, Carmilla (Maratama Carlson), waving alongside the road. At this point, the third teenage girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal) in the back of Julie's car is tied up and overgrown. For me, this situation looks odd, but Travis, just like the soldier, takes it all in his turn and agrees to "bring out" Carmilla from Julie's hands and I do not know. So, with a total unknown, Travis leaves Julie & Tessa. Carmilla looks like a pretty girl, but she turns out to be a vampire and likes to bite people and turn them into vampires, and she's also partial to some lesbianism. Travis, Carmilla, and Jenna keep on going, while someone called General (Peter Ruginis) who looks like a vampire killer and probably has something to do with the fact that the film is such a mess that it really is not a matter, and I really do not know , how to continue this plot outline as my head hurts just think about it ... Co-edited, co-executive produced, written and directed the most untalented Vince D'Amato vampires vs. Zombie is one of the worst horror films and is one of the worst movies ever. The D'Amato screenplay was apparently based on a classical story called "Carmilla" by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and is an absolute mess, conspicuous holes and logic are so great that you could drive them through a tank! What is a disease that changes people to zombies? Why Carmilla is a Vampire? Who's Julia with her? Who the hell is the General? What he wants? Where is Travis & Jenna? How can Travis control a person, and yet he does not have the smallest human emotions over him? What is the mental department at the end? There are also some confusing and unnecessary dreams of the sequence just annoying the viewer even more. There's so much wrong in this movie, telling it does not make sense, the concept is terrible, and it's never really explained, and it's incredibly boring. I do not have one positive thing to say about Vampire Vs. Zombie, not one. Forget about all vampires fighting the zombies, because it will not happen, tell me again why this movie is called Vampire Vs. Zombie? Director D'Amato served one of the most incompetent, stinking, ill-formed, ill-thought-out and unbearably painful watching experiences. Vampires vs. Zombies really do not have the redemption of quality at all, not the only aspect I can praise. Gore is a really fake look, there are some shrimps that look like red water, some really cheap staking effects, and a half-hearted climax when the balls are on Carmilla's and Jenny's intestines. This relatively bloody scene is probably the best part of the whole amazing movie, but it only takes a few minutes and in no case does it pay for the other turgid 85. Vampire Budget Vs. Zombies have to be small, in fact it even has a budget because most of them are set on the road in several cars. It's one of the worst horror films I've ever seen, it's my misfortune. Actor is predictably horrible, and I mean terrible. There is nothing else that prefers Vampires Vs. Zombie is easily one of the worst movies ever shot. (V) next to the title on the IMDb main page for Vampire Vs. Zoimbies suggests it was straight to the video, but it's too good for this pile of bull because it deserves to go straight to the nearest fire.
