It really is. I've seen movies I did not want anymore for any reason, but I've never seen a movie that just fails in every aspect of film making. They even fail to shoot the film, in a way that could be said to be Hercules in New York. It's not the movie I like the smallest, but it's the worst movie I've ever seen. Acting acting is the first thing that comes to mind. I have never seen a worse feature film out of pornography. In fact, I have a lot of pornographic movies that are better than this. It's really terrible. Technically, it's terrible. The camera is amateur. Edits are nonsensical. I think they can not afford the right sound equipment, and that means that every scene in the car (and a lot of them) drives them about three miles an hour and every scene that is located out the same heel of the forest (and there's a lot of them) is actually dubbed from the studio, lending more to the poor porn atmosphere. The story is nonsensical, as many have emphasized. I advocate vampires passing through the daylight that, despite being popularized by Nosferatu, it was never originally part of the inner myth of vampires. When he spoke about vampire myths, the writer apparently read Carmilla, or at least they saw the Vampire Hunters. I'm not sure how I feel about it, wobbling out of the fact that the movie that has this fear has at least some desire for a Gothic novel that I love very much; or angry with the best mention of references to hammers and, in the worst case, complete destruction of source material. At least the "general" is an insult to Peter Cushing. <br /> <br /> But it gets two stars, just because I can not get to vote for one star for a movie that has or even claims to have vampires and zombies in it. By the way, I watched Lifeforce (another film that has vampires and zombies last), and although it is a somewhat faulty film, it really comes out of a masterpiece compared to this one. <br /> <br /> Eventually it's not such a bad movie, it's good or so bad it's as nice as it may be, even drunk. It's just a mess, and it's worth not seeing anyone.
