First of all, I must emphasize how rare it is that I take the time to comment on the movie I have seen. It is a very special situation for me to spend time and writing about how I felt about the film. Of the hundreds of movies I watched that I saw some of the most brilliant, Shawshank, the weirdest, The Woman in Black, the most amusing, Shark Attack III: Megaladon and now the worst: vampires vs. zombie. br /> <br /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not funny! For those looking for a light-hearted movie that's just fun or at least so bad that it's funny, look elsewhere. It is true that such a film does not try to be gentle and brilliant, with such a name you should know what you are going to get. This means there is no justification for a film that would leave any rule governing the film world. This is not an argument between the traditional filmmaking process and the newer and more "artificial" methods of filmmaking, it is the argument between bad directors and companies responsible for creating horror films. <br /> <br /> The film suffers from what he said "I do not know where to start." Really everything about this movie is interrupted. From acting to editing, there is no reason why a movie should never get into a cohesive series of events, such as vampires. zombie. Some of the following issues are: 1. Pollution of the scene - It is clear that the director, cameraman and actors were not on the same page. In one scene, the camera scene rested on the ground looking at the passenger's side door. You expect the person inside to get out, but it is, and that's no exaggeration, at least 10 seconds, the delay between the camera lights up and the director says "action" where something happens on the screen. The viewer is looking at the door of the car all the time without sound, no movement, just the stereotyped "dead air" that radio or TV commentators are scared about. Where was the edit? 2. Acting - Forgiveness in most cases you can not expect such a movie to be ultimately the Oscar winner, but vampires vs. zombies are behaving badly at a completely different level. These "actors" barely could read their scripts, because anyone with any ability to read and speak would be able to pronounce lines better than those crazy. My only comparison for playing would have to be the opening scene from Resident Evil on the Playstation. But that was even better. <br /> <br /> 3 - Story- Wait, what? Story? Again, you can not expect this to be the Biggest Story you have ever said, but is there too much to ask for some stories about the story? Why vampires? Who are the characters? Who are wrong? Are there good boys? Why all lesbians? But what's most important, what about zombies? If you've seen this movie, then you'll understand what I mean, but to those who did not, I'll make it clear that there are no zombies in this movie for five minutes. It was almost as if the director forgot the title of the film and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation at the very end. There's even more, but I hope I've done enough to see this movie.
