It looked like a much more suitable title when I and my suicide boss decided to watch this masterpiece of modern bulls Erotic, Scary, Suspenseful, Well thought out, that's all the things this movie can not do. <br /> <br /> It's incredibly fun, slow sound effects and bad dubbing add it to create one of the greatest comedies I've seen in recent years. Still, this film does not even attempt to be funny and it is one of the great successes of the film, it becomes a comedy without trying to entertain. In the movie, an old man who looks amazing like Santa Claus is spreading around the zombies and smashing vampires into the ground. That did not make me believe the movie title, if these were vampires vs zombies, why did not the vampires and the zombies fight? Well, except that there were more mistakes than the title to rent. Such as this; there was a virus sweeping across America creating zombies as creatures that go around playing a lot like your average hiker. And yet there are only four zombies in the movie. Another problem is next to one store where it is abandoned. You would certainly see some zombies in the woods or in the background. Actually, I think they were riding a forest again and again because they did not have enough budget to shoot in the wider neighborhood that the director did not want to waste valuable time filming in a variety of woods he was busy sitting on a trailer to bother with such trivial matters. In fact, the director so entertained was that he did not have enough time to hire a big enough cast or even an editor. And so he told the eight members to be dressed up as different people and tried not to act inconspicuously, while I suppose he changed his name and started to accidentally take on the film reels "editing is not hard work anyway?" The only reason this "movie" found it to be in our bag was because we somehow confused it with Freddy and Jason, strange how it is, it's not like that. And the only way we did it at night was we pressed gas masks and pressed them against our skulls to prevent the death of this nausea mess. Oh yeah, at the end we laughed but I "I'm sure that man does a lot when he lost his mental health ...................
