Although it is not such a terrible movie (especially given that it was made directly for television distribution), it will be very difficult to point to one aspect of "Bloodsuckers," which is truly original or refreshing. Vampires in space are not a whole new pattern, and even after so many films dealing with these monsters in this particular environment, it seems that no one realizes it is an incredibly stupid assumption that would not result in a half-hour horror film. "Bloodsuckers" even goes a step further and impeccably imitates every imaginable film that revolves around vampires and intergalactic warfare. The story and the characters are mainly stolen from "Ghosts of Mars" and James Cameron "Aliens" by John Carpenter, as the crew of futuristic vampire hunters cruises the universe and regularly attempts to remove mutant species that have been specially named after notorious horror icons Voorhees and Leatherface. Good guys are a lot of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with cliché issues and endlessly arguing about terribly unimportant issues. Captain Damian is an unpopular newcomer who really has to show his leadership skills after he was more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and much loved) Captain Churchill. Among the other annoying characters are the typical cowboy stylish and trigger happy macho pilot, a tough fighter with more balls than any of the men on board (she is of Asian origin, as a girl in "Aliens" was Latino) and the army is the most valuable secret weapon: Blade- girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire who has chosen people. She can observe enemies when they are still light years, and she can also do badly sexy things with some wet dreams. Finally, they all learn to work as a team when they are forced to face the final vampire - Michael: Iron Ironside (in another role). "Bloodsuckers" is an irreparably stupid film, but he can talk until bloodshed, infantile dialogues, and OTT make-up effects appear. It becomes inconspicuously boring when frustrated soldiers accuse the captain for the fifth time and blah blah blah. This film is a continuous series of lame clichés and unmatched thoughts, but at least it is observable.
