I get to the cinema every week or so, and I regularly browse this page, but never before felt compelled to comment on the film. To my list of all shocking films - Last Man Standing, Spawn, The Bone Collector - Now I can add the noise that was "Hollow Man". From terrible opening titles - a ridiculously long cast of crew and crew together with alphabet spaghetti - to offensive finals - world records of cliché and some of the more absurd dialogues and acting that the film ever made - this film is grim and just impressive computer graphics prevents going out long before the end. <br /> <br /> This is not just my opinion - it was that my friends and everyone around us. When large audiences laugh and fall down during a serious thriller and after it, it is clear that the movie is hopeless. Not only was that bad. The director took over the action beyond the bounds of a realistic film for violent film and the B-film overlapping bibliographic registers. It is difficult to imagine the director as a dirty old man, because the scope of the invisible man culminated in the laboratory and the outside world, and spread only to two attempts at feeling some breasts. Perhaps sex may be the first thing in the mind of a boy if he becomes invisible, but in addition to the aesthetic delight of the ladies concerned, he barely makes a fun cinema. <br /> <br /> [spoilers follow] <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> Walk around the movie sick outside, and things are even worse. While Kevin Bacon is doing a good job, which is more and more twisted as a "hollow man", the rest - perhaps affected by the bad screen - is even better working to be hollow. One long member of the team is strangled in an invisible man in the cabinet, "eventually broke," he shrugged a fellow with no hint of emotion. This is a parallel course and the lab team swings between utter terror and total indifference with such speed that you're wondering how they got into acting. They run through the corridors in the laboratory corridors, they do their weapons, but then in a few seconds one of the crew goes happily down the corridor to get blood from the wounded colleague. The lead woman treats an invisible man with courtesy and good humor after insulting and abusing her and seems to have little response to his threats, even after he drowned the Pentagon's boss: "He drowned yesterday in his pool "the same woman, generously, can not give two and two together. The scenario is full of this kind of badly acting pedestrian dialogue, and the rest is just AZ film clichés that lay on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of total ignorance and entertainment at the end. <br /> <br /> Moment 'eureka' at the computer, female window stripping, looping security video - the list really is endless - the predictable ignorance of power in numbers, the decision not to kill the two major stars, but just place them in a likely approaching with death and leaving them on their own devices, almost dead good guy, woman, bomb and omnipresent country tdown timer, the explosion of a fireball that just burns before the heroes reach, a falling elevator that just stops before it hits them, and more than anything else, the evil guy's immortality. The invisible man is burned to pieces with a temporary flame, an electric current, beaten around a head with a rod that has just cut through one of the smaller actors and then apparently survived an explosion, a fireball and the complete destruction of the labs, has more than enough life to climb a fireball one final of the hero movie - the stage where the unbelieving audience stays and watches his watch. That this exceptionally bad movie really made the cinema is stunning. Even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself, and no impressive special effects come anywhere but to save this film, which should be avoided at all costs.
