I saw it a couple of nights, I did not expect too much and unexpectedly it did not make anything too exciting. Vampire crew conspiracy (V-San, vampire ambulance) that regularly kills space vampires in their spaceship and rescue people is fairly healthy and the film has been treated better, it could be something totally ace. Unfortunately, after a fairly decent opening, the sense of true quality starts to bounce off the film, so something behind it, though freely observable, is pretty ridiculously bad. From the movies that appear on the Sci Fi Channel, I do not expect anything special, and at least it was not one of their creative features, for which the horrific cgi was running but it was still bad, mostly for writing and acting, but a pound contribution to the overall illusions made by terrible music. When the film decided just for a typical science fiction sound that sounded strange, it came to the soundtrack, but it was all too scary to the soft rocks and disturbed the scenes into stupidity. I would tolerate general cheering acting and write more if it was not a choice of music, which was a serious mistaken calculation ranging from raw to fragile comics. Dominik Zamprogna was all right, but he was as bad as a hero, while Leanne Adachi was quite irritating as a heavy vampire girl, and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well written or so interesting to impress. Although it seemed good to Natasia Malte's acting actor, she did well by having less irritating character than others, and the fact that she was really nice to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside, and is useless, even though he does a pretty, fun way for a suspect to be deliberate. He seems to enjoy and earn a paycheck and his role is fun. The effects are overall fine, they are at least standard of average sci-fi TV shows and there are also several scenes of blood splatter and some fun gore too. Things are moving very carefully, and I almost feel a rough assessment of the film wrong, but then I remember that laughing laughs at regular intervals, and I realize that if the film is not a deliberate comedy that I do not think is, I have succeeded. Rajina transmitement код ContractЛiua is notiua Appliances Applied Άλλα Just do it if you really kick out a SciFi basket or unintended giggles that I'd say.
