Bloodsuckers has the potential to be somewhat decent film, the concept of military-type tracking down and fighting vampires in the universe is one with a certain potential in cheese areas of things. Even the idea that the universe is full of varieties of vampires, all with different attributes, many of which still have to learn, is also cool. As for how most of the life outside the country is a vampire, I'm not sure what the producers wanted, given the nature of the vampires. Who in hell want to feed if there is almost every vampire I do not know. How is this movie coming across the low budget mix of Firefly / Serenity and vampire movies with a dash of aliens. The action parts of the film are quite average and derived (especially from Serenity), but passive - they are fairly well done and there is plenty of gore for vampire film, including some of the comic's bloodsheds. There is a lot of the character of the thing, most of them boring, stemming from conflicts between characters who mostly look like whimpering, immature arseholes - especially Cowboy Dick and Asian woman. There are several scenes of characters that really work and actors do not play too badly, but they usually slow things down. A natural attempt to massage characters, but people do not watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character and drama development. The game is really fine. Michael Ironside laughed and it's just as fun to watch as anytime and at least a few women are hot. SFX is not too bad for what is clearly low budget work. The story is again quite average and derived, but as I said the created world has little potential. The way things are set up Bloodsuckers really look like a pilot for a TV series - it introduced the dynamics of the characters, the world introduced but did not try, etc. The film has some highlights and the head of scratching moments - those things that actually make these ugly productions observable. - a scene where our heroes interrogate the creature from the puppet puppet star cluster. Hilarious. - "sexual scene". WTF really. - Loan "And Michael Ironside Like Muco." The most unfavorable aspect of all this is really horrible and usually inappropriate pop music, playing very loudly over half of the movie scenes. It's painful to listen and only aggravates what's on average at best. <br /> <br /> Basically, it's okay to watch that you're on something cheese, even if it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
