Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as Blind Lilly, the film script is obscenely demanding and absolutely arbitrary. The famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), who becomes blind after a traffic accident, is on the run for himself and his destiny. Lilly, who is invisible since birth, is the teacher of the blind and wants to see him again. (Blind people see with fingers, nose and ears.) Here the film becomes roadmovie; and the longer the journey becomes, the closer their relationship develops, which has been predictable since the beginning of the film. The director of the theater is on his way to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and makes artistic installations - of course, what else should he do! - and she still lives because she waits for her son to die. My God! These are fates! <br /> <br /> Finally, your son came! Mother celebrates a big party! On the beach. The wind blows and the pianist plays the real piano in the middle of the dune. Yes, they celebrate her farewell. The son comes just in time. The mother can finally swallow pills given by a nice sister. Now a great artist can die in the arms of his great artist, who talks about sad thoughts about living in perfect German while his son responds with a rough accent. Because the son is unable to see, he does not love the nurse - the movie script would also be too complicated! - But she's looking for Lilly on her way back home. Along with this roadmovie, Lilly's sister, who stays at home, asks a hot fellow to turn her away, who first cries for courage. The opportunity is favorable. Because Mom (Tina Engel) is on the road along with Lilly Lover, Paula (Harald Schrott). They're after Lily to take her back. Paul and Mother Lilly do not like it because the movie script would be too complicated. The film script did not look something exceptional from Paul. I would suggest an architect or pianist, or a famous course! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince her to come back to Paul because she has two eyes to see and be able to care for her. But Lilly fell in love with her pupil, theater director; that I was known by the theater director? This is German film art! As you can see in this demanding production, the German film subsidy fund does not always produce good films because they only subsidize such pseudo-intellectual films. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the film scenario was paved with a few jewels in cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute with the idea. Probably Til Schweiger also contributed an intellectual flick of a joke because he was a co-producer. This film script reminded me of another German film of absolute pain: "Barfuss" - the title spelling is wrong! The DVD cover "Barfuss" writes proudly: "Film Til Schweiger". This film also received grants from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not show your time with this movie! There are really good movies in Germany. Watch out for film directors such as Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Josef Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
