I caught this Cuban movie at the Art Film Club. It was shown shortly after the magisterial 1935 silly cartoon symphony, where the symphony island is matched with the jazz island. What with the recently deceased Ruben Gonzalez led through the loudspeakers in this old cinema hall and the Cuban flag hanging from the peeling stucco motifs of Roccaille, the scene was designed for an exciting celebration of engaging filmmaking and synchronized healing on Helms-Burton idiots. But the movie started. And the film peeling color gradually became more interesting than the dirty clutter on the screen. The history of Nady Masu is very promising. Carla is bored in Cuban post. Her only escape from a completely humorous existence is to put letters over and rewrite them, transforming the basic interpersonal shots into Brontë's explosions of breathing emotions. Cue numerous shots of photogenic Cubans who plunge with joy, sorrow, compassion, terrorism, and so on. The problem is that the simplicity of narration is endangered by endless excursions to film school, Latin cartoons, the Marx Brothers, and even - in a particularly captivating editorial trick - celluloid scratching the damage of school children to the figure. Cunda, the boss at the post office, is a humorless dominatrix-nosferatu. Her accomplice, Concha, noticed her fingers, eavesdroppers, and the elf. Cesar, a metalhead cavity and romantic interest, reveals hidden writing talent when Carla goes to Miami. Chase scene (in oh-so-cheerful fast-forward) is worthy of a good deal. All this would be great in Mortadella and Filemon, but in a black-and-white FX movie with high attraction, and so on. Nada Mas is trying to step through an insole somewhere between "strange heroine-matchmakes-aliens" from Amelia and "poetry-like-great redemption" Il Postino theme. Like Amelie, her protagonist is an eccentric, single white woman who fights against the approaching spinsterdom by trying to bring spell to the lives of strangers. And like Il Postino, the film does not break away from the persistent recitals of poetry, and the postman on the bike has a romantic leadership. Unfortunately, Nada Mas can not capture the freshness and transcendence of both films. There are two things that could merit watching this movie in late night TV shade. The first is the opening of Carle's roof on a tile pavement that spans the crossword on which it works. The second one is to see Nada Mas as a cautionary example: our Buena Vista Social Club listening to Cuban artistic output can often blink to accept any bongo that contains bongo on the soundtrack. This film should not deserve a global release - films such as the Waiting List and Guantanamo cover a similar thematic area much more successfully.
