Ghost Town begins with Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) rides on an isolated desert road, her car suddenly collapses and she hears the horses' hooves approaching ... Deputy Sheriff Langley (Frank Luz) of Riverton County is invited to investigate Kate's disappearance after her father reports missing. She finds her broken car and drives her to find her, unfortunately his car breaks down and has to go. Langley ends up in a deserted deserted city, until Langley soon finds out that he is literally a ghost town populated by the ghosts of his former inhabitants and directed by the evil Devlin (Jimmie F. Skaggs) who kidnapped Kate for reasons he never they were not explained, and it's up to Langley to save her and end the city curse ... Richard's only and only director's attempt really did not do that special movie, and I did not like it very much. The script of Duke Sandefur tries to combine horror and western genres, which will not make any big difference. Have you ever wondered why there are not other horror western hybrid movies? Well, I do not even have one, but if I wanted to ask such a question, I would find answers in Ghost Town because it's not very good. These two genres do not mix well. There are a lot of clichés; on the west side, there are innocent urban people who are afraid to stand up with a group of thugs who terrorize them, shots on the main street, lounges with swinging doors and prostitutes upstairs, and horrible wisdom is plenty of cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse , talking corpses and a couple of violent killings. I was just overwhelmed, I suppose there is nothing terribly wrong with him than it is boring and the two genres do not fit well. There's also a couple of holes why Devlin kidnapped Kate? I know he resembled his previous girlfriend, but how did he know and what to do with her? We never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts, I mean what is holding them there and what made them come back like ghosts? Then there's a bit at the end where Devlin, after being shot, says he can not be killed just because Langley kills him a few seconds later, why were not bullets in the first place? /> The administrative director is fine, there is a nice horror movie atmosphere with some well-lit spider sets and the standard Hollywood western city is represented by a central street with wooden buildings lined on both sides. I do not think it's scary because it's not, it's not too much tension, and the movie stretches in places even though it's just over eighty minutes. Forget about a gore, a couple of bloody guns, and after two people with broken throats shoot and someone is thrown by a metal pole, that's it. <br /> <br /> I would have imagined the budget was small here, fairly well prepared and competent, if nothing else. The loan, when the loan is due for costumes and sets, is really quite good. The game is fine but no one is awarded. Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not sure who he was going to appeal and he certainly did not look at me. Anyone looking for the West will be angry with silly horror elements, while someone looking for a horror film will be bored with Western elements. It's something a little different, but that does not mean it's good, it's worth seeing if your desperate, but it does not cover the gut to see it.
