I had a recent audience experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix recommendation engine recommended watching this movie. It seems that at some point I told him how much I liked Benny's Michael Haneke video. I do not know about you, but this parallel scene inspired the emotion and excitement of Tomas C. Dunn's film in my heart and gave me my time to make it virtually impossible to reject. Only such kind of NetFlix computer intelligence for me had an aesthetic / moral film panel set so high that after the reflection it was something that was almost unsuccessful in every movie made in 2007. <br /> <br /> When I predicted my response to the film in this way, I continue to make this picture wasteful and banal; and I really do not like it because I think our guy Wes Bentley will not only become one of the most exciting young faces in the current cinema but also one of the most overlooked and underestimated talents in the US. I'm more than a little concerned that the poor man will miss out on glory if he quarrels with the first films like this. The perfect witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with his mother ("You do not drink in the area where you are?") But he is a "filmmaker" or at least a voyeur on the street with a retirement pension Johns in the back alleys of Philadelphia with his DVX 100B. While doing his private investigative exercise, Micky "unintentionally" records videotapes of brutal murder on an unfortunate early twenty-two prey with a handheld videocamera. Get rid of the idea that snuffings and films like the cultural currency can be considered equivalent to a white city ghetto ticket (and not for the debts of his unconscious friends and relatives who gave money for their insulting films) striker James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also has a written credit) or "Mac The Knife" - and blackmailing the killer for filming a documentary about his murderous impulses, holding this record against an attacker with police threats. <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is that there are no interesting ideas because they do it. Whilst both writing and direction are amateur, it does not make a bad movie in itself. It is that these guys commit a rather bad assumption that what they pose is shocking in the context of a culture in which virtually every single person in a free world who has access to a private computer can log on to the web and seize the credibility of the painting action on a small Mac or PC. No film relies solely on shocking value (if, of course, it is not a film about animal torture), and therefore cinematographic images of violence (real or false) have less and less cultural capital each year. We also have this stunning actor talent at the head of all styled, real hip guys: his two-cylinder beard and skull cap with a small bill on him, back as well as a high school dork who longed for the potential services of my primary love? the same person who is just called himself a "poet". "I'm an artist," "I'm a film producer." Good. Please go on with your wand, Cronnie. You seem to have bought a lot of expensive 35mm supplies. And go on, you can wear all of the "creative" recruits, but do not expect you to be the best answer to watch your under-the-top character during a two-hour movie while collecting Wes Bentley's career. Why not let history talk about the merits of what you are doing, the filmmaker. My guess is that history will eventually tell you something about this, probably not as good as you think it is. And, yes, the chance that you are guilty of your dear father, you will end up like our man, Micky, in Perfect Witness; dependent on sneezing and covered with the blood of your friend with the camcorder in his hand. Great.
