The other day is stuck inside, the next movie is watching. When I finally finished Christmas shopping yesterday in the cold and foggy afternoon, I had no other place to go to the "Land she forgot". Or rather, I should have looked at nothing. Doug McClure, leader of the Actors, runs a number of Allied sailors sunk in the U-Boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. The U-Boat capture (in a scene that defies logic and reason) eventually finds itself on a peculiar island, apparently untouched by human hands. Together they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and neanderthals! Can they escape before they become permanent residents of a country for which they have forgotten their time? <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that "star wars" appeared a few years ago, these films are years of light when it comes to special effects. Model shots are a bit better than anything you would expect in the episode "Stingray" by Gerry Anderson and the animals are no better. When T-Rex was killed, it fell just like a zombie when you kill them - frozen in half walking and crashing, hands and feet held as a sleeping cow that has been shifted. The reports are not too bad, but the dirty and endless sounds of the explosion (all of which sound the same) do the best to destroy the credibility and your experience of the picture as a whole. Characters are neither believable nor worthy of your sympathy, because they burn their weapons to seemingly something that moves. Finally, I did not care if they got out of the island or not, and when it was over, I was more relaxed than I enjoyed. <br /> <br /> The costumes are pretty authentic until the caves come to be the bikini of the bear's skin and cloth cloth. And although it was obvious from their behavior, you do not have to know that some of the characters were German from their accents. The whole thing simply lacked some shine and coherence, so the viewer was confused in places and did not try in the others. Overall, this film barely records the ripple of excitement these days, even if you can find some little fun when trying to work where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name in credit, and half expected the child to appear with Irish accent and suspicious hair on his face. Oh, okay. Nothing good to see then, but just OK if you eat your lunch and weather prevents further activities.
