I just watched this movie. I was very excited because I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror and Spoofs. I was very surprised by what I saw. I knew it was a low budget, but I did not expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a great, highly underestimated band The Horrorpops that reforms their song where they are going and quickly kills in a variety of haunted ways. It's a great opening. The problem, however, is that, to the end, it was really all that the film was. Live Performance, Death. Another live performance, death. He's getting old. And in the death scenes there is a gross (literal) overuse of the intestines. Why does a murderer not use other parts of the body such as legs, eyeballs or brains? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some amazing parts. Like the hardcore French band known simply as BERET, the prospect of a band called Atticus, the show with The Performed and Simple Plan featured together because neither the band had enough members to play their show and Bowling For Soup overweight and proud guitarist really killed in a cheerful way to save future viewers of this film. But the big problem I'm having with this movie is initially comical, but after a while a terrible lack of acting talent in many "actors." Especially Warped Tour creator, Kevin Lyman. He's trying very hard, but I suspect he did not want to shoot a movie, but he was contractually committed or something. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The resolution of the film is very blurred and very random. something about the magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as a devil. In the bottom line, this movie has a lot of good quality, but it's not enough to be near a decent movie Horror, Music or Comedy. Although I have to add it and turn to some bands I would never have heard, otherwise. Such a bomb tsunami and phenomonaut (crazy, Psychobilly band). I recommend that you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like, watch the next 20 or 30, if you like, then keep looking. If it is not, just go to special features and watch all music videos and live performances. Jumping! Long live Punk Rock and Horror!
