A painfully lengthy, maudlinian and predictable drama, my twenty-fifth film, Sidney Lumet, Garbo Talks, gets neglected on the poor quality of my quest. The film is documented by a young worker, Gilbert (Ron Silver), who is the son of Estelle Rolle (Anne Bancroft), eccentric, fetishish and above all obsessive fan of Greta Garbo. When Estelle becomes an affected brain tumor, her son decides to go to her own obsession: look for Greta Garbo and bring her to her mother. Anne Bancroft is in full swing, the cheat-scene of the Teta-Mame fashion here, the kind of feisty ol 'gal, who loves the film, where he goes to the people, stands up for his ideals and ends up in prison all the time. It is out of the film as an obvious artificial construct and every scene with her is yuk-yuk lame; every note is fake. The rest of the figures are equally one-dimensional, but immensely less interesting. Ron Silver is flat and his attempt to love a triangle is as telegraphed as something else in the movie: Lisa Rolfe (Carrie Fisher) rich dating, but becomes a coworker of Jane Mortimer (Catherine Hicks) and I called each scene three scenes it happened. That's another problem. One-dimensional characters can survive if they are contained in an interesting and compelling story, but there is nothing here. The pace of the film is icy, glossy with foreign material that makes absolutely nothing, and when the film begins to follow a linear plot, it is both fruitful and uninteresting. There are plenty of guest stars to say, including Harvey Fierstein as a homosexual of the New Yorkers (imagine it) in another extremely irrelevant scene. Late in the movie, she tries to make half - a decent statement about the nature of idolatry and its role in our life, but at the time none of the characters existed as real people, and the film bored me with subordination, so it works as too small, too late. The film is my twenty-fifth film director, Lumet, which makes me easily my favorite director, but out of a couple of incurable mistakes (Alien among us, someone?), He did not interfere with the painfully uninteresting depths of the Garbo Talks. <br /> <br /> </ span> </ span> </ span>
