I did not even know that this movie existed until I saw Blade: Trinity, I broke down on the Trinity board when I saw that some users report how the Wes Craven is much better than "bullshit," that's Blade. he did my quick research: Checked the score on IMDb & RottenTomatoes for Dracula: Rise and somewhere along the search I found this to be the sequel to Dracula 2000. I also noticed that the Wes Craven Dracula albums were really strong following for this film is a big contradiction with the results I've seen. <br /> <br /> Now we look fast. I remember when I saw Dracula 2000 and I remember that I did not like it at all and then I saw Dracula: Rise just reduced my expectations even more, but then again I'm the type of person who really needs to watch the movie himself (any movie) so that I can create my own opinion. A few things I knew when I started watching this movie was that it's a low budget, so I'm going to ignore a lot of things in / fx, and I just think it's going to be offset by story and acting, I was a little overwhelmed some castings in this movie (Jason London, Roy Schieder and Jason Scott Lee) <br /> Oh geez ?? This movie was CHEESY! But cheesy can be fun at least, I found it a lot of fricken of laughter, a bad sound synchro of re-recording dialogue in FEW scenes, the stupidity of characters in this movie. Of course, everyone knew about vampires and some basic things, did Luke even have a book, but did not prevent them from intentionally getting "infected"? No, this is worst than when a girl has to get out of the shower and look at the noise he hears with nothing but a towel. I also had to blink sometimes because I'm not sure Dracula's clothes on her body, especially because he's very wild and angry and I think if I were in such a situation I would not want to be the one who puts it . <br /> <br /> So the movie ends like any middle movie of the trilogy? it's not, instead it's "Cliff Hangar", where I'm waiting for the third installment of "Legacy". Oh entertainment value of cheese films.
