Veteran director and producer Allan Dwan, whose huge series of films includes both completely forgotten and repeatedly shown (like John Wayne in "Sands of Iwo Jima"), tried his hand in a big musical instrument called "I Dream of Jeanie". Using the lead vocalist with little experience from previous films and how it turned out that virtually no future fired a fictional and in no way annoying story about the great American composer Stephen Foster. <br /> <br /> Bill Shirley is a young, affectionate Foster, whose kindness to slaves involves giving money saved on the engagement ring to pay the hospital cost of a wounded little black boy. His intention was Inez McDowell (Muriel Lawrence), whose ugly younger sister, Jeane (Eileen Christy), is slowly realizing she is in love with an almost insignificant singer. Foster is in love with Inez, who is revolted by composer number one on the dam with the swing, "O Susannah." Enter minster Edwin P. Christine (Ray Middleton) to help you run the fiscal phase of Foster's career. This is, according to the musical film standards of the early 1950s, a major production. Sets are rich in that special Hollywood way that displays fake badges with all the adornments. Singers are not absolutely bad and Foster songs are almost impossible to destroy. But it's also a literal bleach on the antebellum South. The largest number is black for everyone on stage, historical anomalies and the current piece of unthinking racism. If these images of blacks were nowhere near reality, the abolitionists would be rightfully condemned to interfere with an institution that is so enjoyable. "I Dream of Jeanie" apparently dipped into the vault of study with a nearly deadly whisper. Now Alpha Video revives for just $ 4.99, it's a perfect song with charming songs and repellent sentimentalization about the victims of American crime, slavery. This was what Hollywood gave two years before Brown in the Education Council. He must warm the hearts of some viewers who wore bedding in the theater.
