This movie can be labeled as a study case. It is not just a fact that it refers to an unhealthy and non-artistic desire for anything that might be called caco-imagery. The author lives with the impression that his rebellious revolt against generic and childishly called social crime ("Moldova is the poorest region of Europe", "I do not believe it is a bird flu", "Romanian people steal because they are poor, Europeans steal, because they are thieves ") are more or less close to a responsible moral and artistic attitude - but it is clearly beyond the target! <br /> <br /> What Daneliuc does not know is that it's not enough to stand up as a fair person - you also need some professionalism, talent, and intelligence to bring this attitude into an artistic product. The fateful "Foreign Legion" shows as much temptation as a family video with Uncle Gog who sneaks in front of the guests. The script is messy and disconcerting, casually busy with the other half, in an illiterate attempt to suggest a story. The direction is patheticly dilettante - the so-called "director" is not able to build at least an average mission-en-scene, its shots are unpleasantly embarrassing, and any sense of narration radiates out of complete absence. (Of course, any note is forced to stop at this level, it would be ridiculous to mention terms like "cinematic language", "expression term" or "style"). The effect is positively "Cântarea României", except ... paradoxically the football goalie Necula Raducanu, which is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. It seems that Oana Piecnita has a real freshness but is threatened by amateur directions given by Daneliuce. The most serious part of this misdemeanor of cinematography is the fact that production has received state funding through the CNC (National Cinematographic Council). The fact that long-dead old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for the government's udder is understandable (in a market-driven economy, they will be instantly removed by natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "Juries" that makes the money of the country to such unreasonably harsh non-art, non-cinema and non-culture belongs to the criminal field.
