Rather than moving linearly from start to finish, this story of a gay couple affected by AIDS is "circulating" in the time around its "perfect day". The film is organized as a life that is remembered in asynchronous fragments rather than in the sequential flow that is directly manifested. The narrative has its lyrical moments, especially when describing the impact of loss of expectation or experience. The dialogue unfortunately does not have such grace. The screenplay often forces actors to say surprisingly silly or insensitive things that are now completely out of character. At his second random encounter, clearly with him, sensitive Phillip encourages the reluctant Guy to tell him about his hard week. But when Guy begins to open, Phillip, the English commander, emits "You're not a crisis fair, are you?" Later, when we look at his naked body with a lover who is approaching him, our young, in love, Shakespeare begins to portray the beauty of the moment with the word: "The way you cut the universe ... I can not even describe it" - but it does not tend to complete thoughts. This kind of distraction continues with the hospitalization scenarios of AIDS, bejeweled with lines like, "What made me think that death would be clean and tied with ribbons everywhere?" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Sister Ratchet." <br /> <br /> The film often suffers from blue deficiency. Inappropriate characters are much more shocking and steam filled than needed. Phillipe's thoroughly poisoned friends - an arrogant trusting officer and whining, dweeb needed - keep the usual corrosive diatribe that anyone who crosses their way. Such a pattern could offer the writer a lot of opportunities for a clever social commentary, but unfortunately their notes are only unpleasant, unobtrusive joke or insight. It is hard to know whether our screenwriter deliberately created intellectually limited characters or simply ran the circumference of his bond. The plot can be what appeals and resonates with those who praise this film. It really discusses gay life in the USA in the mid-1980s: first encounter, courting, joining, nesting, complexity of open relationships, friction and breakage, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness, terminal illness, death and survival. Leader Phelan and Spirtas give justice to good results, resulting in complicated characters over time. Their exciting appearance helps to explain how the chemistry that these two have combined together, thanks to insensitivity and selfishness, as well as chemistry that helped some audiences to overlook the painful weaknesses of this film. The decision to split the plot into the tidbits and present them in the out-of-sequence flashbacks added complexity without apparent dramatic utility, and in some cases left the sequence and thus the consequences of the event unclear. <br /> <br /> Can I recommend a movie? For authors for literary and technical quality, absolutely not! For an easy visit to spectators who really need AIDS-surviving cataract, or in a mood for wine-loving tearjerkre with a little eye candy, maybe. But better written alternatives exploring the impact of AIDS on the relationships of that time include: Philadelphia, and the band played on, escort, long companion, angels in America, soon frost, puzzled views, love! Valor! Compassion! and even Jeffrey.
