Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, various years are listed for this title) is Hong Kong's veteran Chin Hung Kuei's (Killer Snakes, Boxer Omen, Blood, etc.) Women in prison flick created the legendary Shaw Brothers. Yes, even they have got their hands on mischievous diseases like this one, and Bamboo is definitely among the worse trials of the genre, even in comparison to western experiments that usually fade when compared to eastern films! <br /> <br /> The story is about the Japanese War Camp, in which Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by bad Japanese during the Second World War (what else?). Girls also know the secret location of a hidden box full of gold and also learn that a Chinese military officer in Japan (veteran Shaw Lo Lieh) is actually a secret agent among the other Japanese and naturally helps children escape hell. What follows is a sequence full of unspoken nudity, kung fu, some ugly torture, gore, torture, and an extremely offensive anti-Japanese attitude that makes this film pure and honorable waste that does not even try to be more than it is. > <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls are hardly interesting features. Occasional photography especially at the end looks nice with its sun rays and beautiful nature, but it is about it in the Merit department. Battle scenes are a lot and always involve half naked women who beat and kick. All violence is quite nasty at the time of a few ball wounds, misogynistic torturing scenes (for example, one poor girl is brutally on the floor full of broken glass, etc.) and extremely repulsive endings and moral behind it. Of course, it is foolish to talk about "moral" when writing about this kind of film, but there are still elements that will not be accepted from any movie. The film also has nice turkey elements for sure! For example, a gold box full of heavy gold seems suspiciously light, because the weak and suffering girls apparently have no trouble lifting and moving, not talking about throwing! Also, these numerous "skin fighting scenes" make this smile a smile for fans of the trash cinema. I saw the same director Killer Snakes (1973), ten times as remarkable as a piece, and although he has many live snakes actually killed, he is visually more interesting and shows us some ugly sides of the other side of the big city and society. It is also a necessity for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> The doll's bamboo house also suffered some censorship, which is not a surprise that is considered an object. The endless version, released in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, has 104 minutes of PAL, while English dubbed prints in the Netherlands, Belgium and Greece are in PAL for just 84 minutes. From what I've heard, scenes are cut not only by violence but also by other graphical things, but also through dialogue and "plotting of conspiracy," and so on. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Bamboo House of Dolls is a waste theater in its farthest form and definitely something I would not want to see from the Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films of the same subject are much more interesting and more remarkable than this rather ridiculous, quantifiable and worthless piece of cinema use. 2/10
