I've seen this movie on the video. <br /> <br /> First I mention good points. <br /> <br /> The movie will first try to seem like it is not taken as if one character was not shown as black and the other as white. Both of the main characters are friends and very well cooperate in a country and economy that does not surprise without fail. Their families are gathering and having parties and practicing their favorite sport, shooting sport shooting, as friends not as competing. But after 15 minutes the land gets into the fork on the road. The audience is expected to believe that for some unknown reason these friends have to hate each other. For an unknown reason, Bosnia is now on the road to a conflict. Sure, the script adds to television footage that seems to be watching live news programs in English, but clips have been since 1993 when the war began. History, elections in 1990, people who have caused war are not mentioned. The film is trying to blame Karadzic, who was a presidential candidate and leader of the second largest party of the Bosnian Parliament (SDP). According to the Constitution of Bosnia, the SDP had a presidency in 1992, but there was a change in January. The party of the Bosnian Islamic Democratic Action Regime was in full control in March and organized a segregated referendum in March declaring itself a law in Bosnia and announcing Secession. The history of IDAP begins with Bosnian Muslim Alija Izetbegovic, a man suspiciously absent from "STtH". In World War II, he studied Nazism. He even wrote his own "Mein Kampf," in which he stated: "In fact, there can be no peace or coexistence between" Islamic religion "and non-Islamic social and political institutions. In 1990, he lost his election IDP for "pro-Yugoslav moderate" Fikret Abdic, a Bosnian Muslim who worked with Christian Serbs during the Civil War and treated as his brothers with his supporters Abdic was prevented from taking over the power of Izetbegovic, who lost his election but seized power But there are factual events that led to the war <br /> <br /> There were also problems with props.The Serbian soldiers in the movie wore Soviet WW2 helmets they did not use.This soldier holding the M-1944 WW2 rifle, which was used only by the USSR, not Yugoslavia. The director and screenwriters had a chance but decided to write history again.
