It was really just a good thing at this year's ceremony. Although the ceremony itself was short enough, it was still somewhat boring. I think it's really time to look for a new director and producers for the show who can come up with something really new. It is quite obvious that they were trying to make the show more "hip" and appealing to the younger audience this year by letting Beyonce stand out and let P. Diddy and Prince introduce the category. Also letting Chris Rock be a lecturer was an attempt to restore the ceremony and make it more appealing. None of that really worked. Of course, Chris Rock is a funny guy, but he was not really a good lecturer. I really saw him only as a person who spoke between himself at any moment. His presence was not as big as Billy Crystal's. Also, the distribution of prizes was sometimes stupid. Do not let everyone come to the stage, but also distribute some prizes at the center of the theater, it was just weird. Still, I do not remember being more satisfied with the award winners. None of the films have really rejected the award, as it has been in recent years. So this means it was a good year for movies with lots of competing contestants? I think yes. I think most movies will be largely forgotten in 20 years, except for "Million Dollar Baby" and "The Passion of the Christ" perhaps. I certainly do not agree with every award that was handed over this year, for example Caleb Deschanel was supposed to win for best cinematography, not that I did not like the work of Robert Richardson, he really did some amazing work for most of Oliver Stone's work, but I really feel that Deschanel deserved awards more. I would also like to see Jim Miller and Paul Rubell win for best editing and John Debney for Best Music. But well, it's not possible that Oscar prizes can of course please all, I understand. Everyone will always complain about the winner. It was also fun to see that most of the lecturers were much more nervous than the candidates and winners. Did the prince say any of the nominated names immediately? And was Sean Penn's sense of humor? Al Pacino and Jeremy "I hope they did not succeed" The Irons were the best nightmares. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very memorable show, but with nice winners. <br /> <br /> 4/10
