John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 1980s. "European Holiday" is not one of them. Following Hughes' first big hit "Holiday" (1983), it's about as predictable, tireless and annoying when they come - no matter how you love silly but romantic Clark and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo). <br /> <br /> I really liked "Holiday" as well as the third film, "Christmas Holiday" in 1989, but the Griswold trip to Europe is unobtrusive and forced. Maybe because it was Hughes's first attempt to continue, he did not do it, but it's really stunning, as innocuous and rid of the story of "European Holiday". There is no story: Griswolds will win the game show for "greedy pigs" and go to Europe across England, France, Germany and Italy. Even physical humor, which is the trademark of the first, loses all the effect because you see it, which is part of the mistake of director Amy Heckerling. "Fast Times at Ridgemont High" director sets everything up too predictably. Perhaps it was Hughes took a cheap shot because it was built to continue. "European Holiday" is very proud of the insult of the Americans (they are reminded of the greedy little pig game they win), especially the tourists represented by the Glenswold family. He also throws his back on his back and says implicitly: "Oh, Griswolds, we always get into something because our father is an idiot." In almost comic form, she ends up honoring America and how grateful it is for Griswold to return to such a better country. If Hughes tried to make it a bad movie, maybe I should give 8/10 stars. It's not just a misfortune, but "European Holiday" boasts the two worst actors playing the children Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). Both are poisonous and unpleasant, with Audrey's unfortunate and loud narrative, which breaks apart from a friend who has left almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes so far as to have a remark that he lacks the right to watch a huge bratwurst. Pretty tasteful. When we talk about breasts appearing in two different scenes for no reason (if they should not remind Americans' love of free nipples in their comedies). The film will give one of its two stars thanks to Eric Idle of the Monty Python crew, whose portrait in several different places in the movie, where he recites the lines directly from the "holy grail", is the most fun part. If Hughes intended to find one of the non-American actors as the only funny piece, then the next tip of his hat to tear him apart, he opened the Hollywood comedy in the 80's. Still, would it hurt to make it fun?
