I'm a big fan of Pacino. He is one of the best actors of this genre. However, this movie could be much better even though it was badly cast. All they had to do was tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he went to jail. Instead, it seemed to be just one of the many stories Carlito could learn. All or even some of the questions about his past, which we dealt with in the original, could be answered. As for me, it's the only way to shoot this movie. Instead, we get this prequel, which has almost none of the original characters in it, a character that plays a different part than the original (terrible movement) and a whole different interest in love for Carlito. Do not even start with Puffy. In no case can I take this cat seriously as a gangsta when I watched her dancing in all her artist videos. All the while the kid opened his mouth, I expected him to start dancing. I laughed if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought that due to his recent history, he would have poor performance. Very well. He was probably the most "faithful" of the cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez has done the best, but now he does not have the skills to take over this role. I appreciated his energy and his efforts. It's hard to watch Pacino. The only way you could even have a clue as to what the person Carlito was, is to watch the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded murderer in one scene, then in a second paperless. He was one of the worst gangsters of his time, but in this movie you would only see flashes. Perhaps it is a pitiful way for Hollywood to try to make the 2nd ancestor take this shortcoming. I would not be surprised. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this movie was very short or what it could be. The only reason I gave him 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples took some respect. Serious director should take this film and actually put time into the story and turn it into a real prequel. I am extremely disappointed that this film was not taken seriously. It would be better if it goes into the mini-series on HBO and actually narrating the story, as the original suggests. At the end of the film, they had the nerves to suggest that Carlito would have to return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that's the part everyone wants to see !!! And again, it's just my opinion. I can not tell you how sorry your money is.
