His first claim that desires are always artificial is totally misleading. When Jehovah's Witness rejects, does he get his own documentary about movies? or whatever - it's time for someone to get their own. Though far, far more intelligent than to say, Paris Hilton (I know, it's not too difficult), Zizka's mouth is just as different as hers, just like hers. It combines the worst of its professional worlds: psychoanalysis and philosophy. Both fields are renowned for offering the professional a sufficient space freedom to create unwarranted theories to get them straightforward and ending and to combine concepts almost randomly and thus abusing the English language by creating a semantic only mom can love. Example: There are three major Marx brothers, so it's a "great" idea to connect them with the three levels of human consciousness, idem, ego and super-ego. I am so surprised that he does not play the Snowhite clip and makes an analogy between the seven dwarves and the seven levels of Gahannah (Muslim hell). It's like Schumacher's premise "The Number 23": play with the numbers long enough and you can come up with any theory of the kokamamie you want, even linking Ancient Greeks to the death of Princess Di. <br /> <br /> However, the TPGTC is a fun element: watching a nasty crazy sweat like a pig and telling misleading chants masked as an intellectual analysis can be a lot of fun. Why are you looking at the "Cucumber Nest" or any other dramatic star, where you can have Zizka for more than 2 hours? It's like watching a fun wreck of trains. True, it's almost fun once or twice. <br /> <br /> I've always been thinking about people who are desperately trying to raise their filming into a noble intellectual social science. Providing fools like "birds," he thought so much, and therefore it is very meritorious, probably having his fat creator laughing in his grave. The real truth is that the overwhelming majority of films have zero intellectual value, and few who have some intelligence do not require a philosopher to turn to create a map to understand them? unless there is one complete idiot. Zizek sees layers and layers of meaning in most trivial films. Hallucinogenic drugs must be quite popular and cheap in Slovenia today ... When Zizek showed a shower on the shower scene "Psycho," I thought he would say something about galactic black holes; how they drain life from the stars as well as the hole in the bath sucks Janet Leigh's blood. Or perhaps he could tell how the hole represents Leigh's vagina, and the blood flowing into it, instead of outdoors (as in menstruation), it represents some "joyful" irony. " When we talk about it, the real irony is that if Hitchcock really did devote so much thoughts to every scene (and script), his movies would not be illogical, the far-reaching bits that often are. The central point of these analogies in the bathroom was to show how easy it was to improvise "hidden, deep meanings". And when you add to Zizka's fantasy terminology of philosophy and psychology, layering these concepts at the top of these analogies, such as wedding cake decorations, you get constant confusion that can instantly impress uneducated - ie, easy to grasp and perceptible. <br /> <Zizek explains many (inadvertently) fun things, one of the most absurd thoughts, when it combines Antony Perkins' cleaning of the battered bathroom with "job satisfaction, well-done work". Do not laugh ... Not even Hitchcock, nor the writer "Psycho," could ever have seized this view that Perkins could enjoy a well-done job - cleaning a blood-colored toilet - while they were designed / controlled. Talk about putting words into my (dead) mouths, but about misinterpreting what the director had to say. Zize's first thinking about Tarkovsky's amazing "Solaris" I like. to destroy the rare good impression by dragging "antifeminism" and other nonsense into his theory. Zizek's approach to logic is that the dog is heading towards the plastic bone. "I want to play with her all day!" Logic has its own roots and should not be raped - at least not in public - by similar people. He seems to regard logic, evidence, common sense and reason as enemies or mere toys; concepts to be either excluded, twisted to match the target, or simply destroyed. Zizek is a hippie from LSD and all his favorite films are his own "2001". The fact that Zizek is concentrating on two of the most talented directors - and those whose films LACK intelligence, if any - like Hitchcock and Lynch, only aggravate the already low credibility. I was surprised that De Palma was not more pronounced; it's another poor director who writes awkward scripts. Zizek has a field day with Lynch's incomprehensible "lost road". There are so many interpretations of the movie, how many people are watching. Zize's remark that the viewer accepts the fragrant Trier's ridiculous, "breakthrough" physical ensemble in "Dogville" I am. <br /> <br /> But Zizek does not just do things when he goes, but he's also avoided "bright" lightning. Like all "social scientists" ("oxymoron"), it envelops its very "trigetic" observation into articulation (when full spitting) and sometimes complex language blankets. After all, sociology works exactly the same way: it leads us to hear something new, when in fact it is what we all know, but in an eloquent way - what a fool the unseen listener. <br /> <br /> I was half awaited for men in white suits to suddenly find themselves out of nothing and dragged him in costumes ... Slavoj Žižek: soon as a stalker in a children's park near you. <br /> <br /> http://rateyourmusic.com/list/Fedor8/150_worst_cases_of_nepotism/
