Where can I start? I hear this movie is coming out and I was really crazy. I'm a huge fan of the original Carlit's way, and when I heard about it, I thought it would be like most of the other sequels that came out in Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. The boy was bad, this movie was much worse than I expected. Do not say that all the sequels are bad, but in Hollywood that's the problem, they do too much of a sequel, they are remaking and rushing. This was not a theatrical release, it's a DVD release. Still, in my opinion, there was no reason why it should be. After I heard that this movie was going on, I later heard that Pacino was not in it. It instantly killed every chance that this movie should be good. Why did I check this movie, then can any of you ask? I had the opportunity to see it so I did it. I'm not just watching movies that have high expectations, I'm little expectation for this obviously. I just wanted to find out if there was anything important about it. Now, if anyone of you who reads you is a fan of Carlito's Way, you know that a lot of the story in the first is connected with going to jail. * GREAT MINOR SPOILER * I would lose anything because it can actually cause you not to waste 2 hours watching this waste. All I can say is - at the end of Carlit's Road 2, we can not see that Carlito goes to jail. Now, I do not know about any of you, but I would think the pre-event on Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail. I even had some interest in seeing what really happened. Now that's not the only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do too much work, but if he tried, he could not save the film. There are not even those little things that should be worthy where the Carlito's Way fans would like. At first you do not see Kleinfeld or other key figures, I would like to see something like that. What is even worse is Luis Guzman in this film, yet he does not play the same character he plays in the first film. The big mistake on their part, why cast the same actor for another character, makes the movie worse than it was. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, I'm a fan of Carlito Way, this new straight on the DVD release is shame. If you're a fan, do not watch this movie with high expectations. This movie basically did not do anything to me, and it's definitely one movie that can not be selected on DVD, or I'm constantly watching.
