Well, I just did 95 minutes and 47 seconds to never get this waste. I've heard that someone online describes the villains of this movie as "non-human cannibals" and I thought it was promising because I thought it would be a descent. POORLY! Descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and a strong story. These villains are absolutely unrealistic and no part of their performance is pleasant. This movie is not so controversial, in many movies I have seen this level of gore. This movie is plain. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she is really hot (but not), her admirer and girlfriend of her admirer (no, I do not remember their names) go to the woods. Their car breaks down. They are warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde is unreasonably hysterical and will not find a friend of the admire next morning. The admirer touches the leg (eyes!). Do not worry, he is much more upset when his car does not start than when he gets his nail stroke. After a nanosecond coaxial period, the blonde leaves help. Following are events that I do not remember. During this film and throughout the film, grotesque martyr scenes are shown that contain no substance, including one that has made me think that Blonde is going to save admirers from the cannibal house (although they are all seen eating the intestines, which would logically be the last choice for the real cannibals to eat because they contain real food). Blonde finds the admirer hurt and works very hard (unsuccessfully) to drain tears. Then you get pretty laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces that she can not "think". Mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals that the cannibals are his family. Then there's a few firing, leaving the house, shooting continues, then a random guy appears and says he's watching them. Before being shot, we are exposed to an acid-inspired scene that kills more killing. Blonde or her admirer will shoot because he did not help them. There is more killing, the admirer is fond of loving the blonde. Then the mysterious hand covers the camera. What does it mean? I do not know, maybe not a sequel.
