Wow, after about 15 minutes, destroyed Timo Roses "Rout City" (South Park is more than a senseless curse ... I think some people just will not get it) I'm interested in this movie. I read a lot of positive things and packaging and the appearance of the film seemed far from the total waste I expected after the "Rout City". Surprise: The film is not a complete waste, but it seems like the problem is exactly that. Timo Rose will try to follow the footsteps of the German film Horror / Splatter Cinema like Olaf Ittenbach and so on. This means that the "Barricade" is in part extremely cruel and detailed. Gore FX is not really believable, but OK, acting is fine, but in some cases it's just upset. The little girl in the opening sequence is ridiculous and does not improve until she is shot. So what's the problem ... the movie is cruel, has a typical German underground atmosphere (including the classic booze of bloodshots), OK FX and a modern feeling like the packaging already promised? <br /> <br /> 1. The script is a BS total. You get a typical hillbilly / lost in the forest story with some boys + gal camping and meeting with degenerate hillbilly families. Everything is only leading to scenes of torture and mutilation, and it seems incredibly random and unnecessary. This is the first thing that makes the "Barricade" half. "Random is also a perfect description for a lot of camera work (I liked a repeated cut on tweezers in the extended scene of torture man ... they either did not have any material or the editor works in the hardware store.) Editing is even worse ... sure, its modern and much better than a lot of other movies in the genre but its RANDOM.You have overuse of that typical exposure effect everywhere and without any meaning ... its there just ... all the time.Then there is some granular / noisy film look, <br /> <br /> 3. As with the above-mentioned effects, there are many repetitive things, for example, most kills are edited with repeated stabbing and punching repetitions. it's OK once, but it's unpleasant and fake here, especially to the end. The harasser also attributes "music" that is constantly used without any background changes. <br /> <br /> 4. From this all comes the biggest problem of this film (and many others in my opinion). If you make a movie with a perturbed insight, you feel like it's pretty idiot to climb it with a special FX and new schoolwork. It seems to be too serious. It's not fun, because the decent gore FX is unnecessary in this context. And where the classic gore FX is all right, computer FX in scenes such as mouthstroke or final-shot shots is a little stupid (and 3D spraying usually fools me in budget movies and decent 3D artists). /> <br /> I have often wondered if there is a time when there are serious frightening films, and the "Barricade" is just another example that it may be time for it to be in the tomb. Her entertainment has no character and is too difficult for her appearance. The scenario is a cheap attempt at a "bad turn" and "TCM" that does not even work. You can take it literally ... the end is just there and random as many other things ("I love you" in a dirty look ... come on!). "Barricade" is trying hard to work and fails ... you can definitely go through this movie for some extensive disembarkation, sour forming, nipple and classic Friday thirteenth style stabbing couple, while your fingers in the tent (bloody boobies hurray!). But it's really hard to go through this. Total failure, especially because it may be something.
