On the way back, X-Files was an intelligent and sophisticated show. Much of his attraction was that writers were looking for their folklore and science ideas, combining conspiracy with the creepy face of real life. <br /> <br /> I was incredibly wary of the 8th season when it was broadcast. The show has already provided two perfectly good episodes to which she leaned ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the 7th year saw a steep rise in episodes that scratched the barrel for ideas that were too exhausted, unlikely or seemingly stupid. But I thought, hey, it gives the advantage of doubt, maybe they'll bring it back because they have some great ideas sorted out. "Roadrunners" really upset. After a "patience," which at least offered an interesting angle to vampire folklore, which turned out to be avoided, the strange (strange?) Parasitic slug with the power of mind worshiped by the cult of deep Christians appeared in the episode. And they think it's the second coming of Christ, but you'll only find out in the last few minutes. Seriously. There is never any attempt to understand it, to explain what is a slug, why something is happening or anything else. Even in the early years of the show - in fact, especially * then - you could expect a little more depth, a bit of background or if not the other way around - a little secret, some uncertainty about what it was all about. <br /> <br /> Scully really kills it. You could cope with the stupidity of the assumptions, but having a character that was developed in good 7 years as a rational skeptic, transformed into a perceptive maverick purely due to the progress of the story, is bizarre to be amazed. Do you feel that you are looking at some crazy teenage horrors, except that it is a woman in her thirties who plunged into such a haunted isolated community that she spent the best of the decades when she discovered a sinister, deep-seated, stereotypical hicks or totally indifferent to your own safety. And by the way, Doggett, the new Mudler, is not around. Scully just ran into the desert to look at him without brutal murder. It turns out to save the day - or I can not remember why - but it is not. Again: seriously. In short, it's either a generic script written for the next show, or someone's pet project that has been allowed to shove as a mutant leech into the backbone of an existing, long-lasting show when it was most vulnerable. He could work on a smaller show where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. But The X-Files had a good thing, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic TV figures of the 1990s. Deciding to change your personality because of the story of having to make a good 50 on Star Trek is useless.
