If you have ever harassed a Christian who says, "Jesus is the answer, what is the question?" Then you might want to thank God if you have never met Lacanian. Slavoj Žižek, the most evangelical of the Lacanians, would certainly exchange the word "Jesus" in this statement as "Lacan / Hegel". Zize's star burns clearly at the moment, no doubt because we generally see movies and pop culture purely as fun for our consumption. So it looks impressive when someone - someone - comes and says, "Hold on, the movies can say something about ourselves." The ideas that Zizek explains in this film are "true" purely because he says it. For example, Zizek explains that the three Marx Bros are ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zepp or Gummo? Maybe they are sinful ... or are they the movies themselves?). It's just what they are. In the outskirts of Žižka there is no culture where it should be investigated, but only to be considered an example of its ideology. People can argue that they have something to say - but how different is what they say from a Christian that they all attribute God's will? What is wrong with examples from films or elsewhere to illustrate the theory? Well, nothing at all. It seems Zizek believes they can even serve as evidence. However, it is just cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated from their context. Without context, you can tell and prove everything you want. Is Zac Lacan the answer? so it goes and is an example of it. Everything reminds us, apart from everything, of master and culture learning is to do it to serve this ideology. For example, Zizkov's exemplary fantasy position of voyeur is taken from the Vertigo scene when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak in the flower shop. But in the context of the film, it is not the voyeur fantasy position at all. Stewart deliberately led Novak there. This presentation of examples isolated from their context continues for two hours and half a cinematic sermon. His analysis of the "baby wants to f" scene in Blue Velvet is ridiculous. With a slight touch on what she considers to be the men's truth about "female jouissance," Zizek says that the figure of Isabelle Rossilini requires not only her degradation, but she is subconsciously responsible for the situation. This is an example of her "jouissance". Well ... maybe. But - I'm sorry to be prosaic - where does it testify? The film is partly humiliated because Hopper kidnapped his son. Zizek may also object to obviously having sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But it can be caused by a lot of things. Is not that so called female "jouissance"? According to Lacan, feminine jouissance can not be articulated, as opposed to False jouissance, it is a falsely capturing and castration of language. If it is correct then it can not be done. It also means that the whole concept is nonsensical and completely mystical. This can only be determined by dogmatics such as Zizek: "Is there a feminine jouissance for you, why is this female jouissance? What kind of example can you really get from these movies? Only Zizek's psychology Why is she still getting into her favorite movies, he says that he wants to be Rod Steiger, is not that the fulfillment of the wishes of someone who spends his life criticizing films? As they say, Freud will have a field day with The Pervert's Guide to the Cinema - but with Zizka, no one else.Zize's theory that films show us what we want can be right on the face of it but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws This film illustrates how Zižek wishes and only extremely vaguely - would be almost unnecessary - as others wanted. Because any psychoanalyst knows what we want and what we want can not be completely separated - and can not be if any, Zijek's love that everything makes an example of Lacan's answer, carries it: how do we want? that's how I do it this way. The problem is in Jewish desire all and everyone else rationalized into his desire. But Zizek is a Leninist and certainly does not like to let the "subject" speak for himself. A perverse guide to cinematography is the sum of Jewish love for dogma and is completely nefilosophical, although it remains very political (what dogma is not?). Zizek had never doubted exactly what his motives were in his analysis of what he was trying to discover, because the conditions of his exploration, and hence his ethics, were never questioned. <br /> <br /> Zizek is extremely fruitful, but all his books and this movie say the same. It's a kind of Henry Ford cultural theory: mass production and any color if it's black. It's perfect for today's highly consuming society: supposedly critical when it gives people the same c-ap over and over and pretends to be different. This is popular because people mostly prefer ready answers to their problems - which capitalism they always claim to provide - rather than investigating things with some serious consideration at all. Who is like dead. For me Zizek's third matrix pill is a suicide capsule. PS: I loved Zizka's festive commentary - introduced as a revelation about cinema and humanity - that music in movies can greatly influence people's sympathy. Did only Zizek see it when he watched Jaws?
