This film is an ultra light fog, predictable from start to finish. As the Don Knotts vehicle, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" was much better because Knott's character was not so incompetent or unconscious. His performance there was weakened without his trademark watching glasses, although it may have something to do with the fact that most of the film is replaced with cartoon fish. Knotty nurtured by playing a sympathetic imbecile, just like Bob Denver. Nor did it seem that they could break out of other types of roles, provided they were simply broadcast. Probably it was because of stupidity, a strange look and a high voice. John Ritter, with whom Knotts collaborated in "Three's Company", managed to break his genre and successfully split into dramatic roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz," but the closest Knotty he had ever won was a small role in "Pleasantville ". Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad fit, an inconvenience, or a direct dramatic actor as he was at that time, not even a comedic actor, as he later became in the "Airplane!" and "Police Squad". There is also no way for 43-year-old Knotts to pass in 35 years, because his character insisted he was. It was just as incredibly unbelievable as Tom Hanks at the age of 38, who played at college age Forrest Gump. The film was clearly drafted for the sixth budget, which looked very similar to a hurried television episode. This is particularly noticeable in the "exterior" scenes of the "city" where Roy goes after his shooting. It is unlikely that even a preschool could be fooled by a Mayberry soundtrack. Just like it's a kid's movie, it's very disappointed. It's not because it lacks action or special effects, even though it does. The pace is too slow, the situation is repeated. How many times can you watch Roy get on the bus? Comedy for children should be at least sometimes crazy, with cruel gags, otherwise you risk being bored (and all adults in the theater too). Films, even children's films, have improved quite a few decades later. Even many contemporary comedies were better shot and written. Disney's "Love Error," for example, at least some interesting racing action.
