I think I just have to blame for the enormous disillusionment that is "The Predecessor of the Virgin". You already know that you do not expect a movie masterpiece when you see such a juicy and proudly supported title, and the first impression will only be confirmed when you notice that the film is from the mid 1980s production from Japan. Now there are quite a lot of deaf and ill filmmakers in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu overcomes them with all his deeply humiliated and ill-founded trilogy that turns only against aggressive sex and sadistic abuse of young girls. Even if they do not try to tell the story, "Entleils of a Virgin" simply represents a mix of sex sexual sex and really bad gore effects that would not be delighted to be the most unpretentious fan of the horror 80th horror. The images of a group of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably linked to the scenes of a dirty degenerate who has rough sex with a seemingly young girl. She does not throw her a minute after the climax (typical) and asks her to stay, even if she has to share it with other women. I do not get it. Should it be a general male fantasy? Because it's really cliché and bad. Anyway, back to a bunch of horny photographers and obedient models. Surprisingly coming fogs on the way home, the group finds themselves in a deserted country house where they have uglier sex and eventually become victims of a ridiculous sexual demon that kills them all. The actor's performances are amateur, the dialogues are unpleasant and primitive and Komižo's direction is weak and non-inspirational. I can tolerate all this, including the female enemy portrayal of sex, but in an indescribably bad match watching I came too close to turning the film away. One of the men brutally hits, kicks and throws around one of the girls, and calls her a dirty bitch until she's really trying her panties and crying with agony. This sequence is, in my humble opinion, an absolute low point for Asian cinema exploitation. One to avoid and perhaps boycott.
