Perhaps it was a title or a trailer (definitely not a conversation on a DVD that is with a director while still saying "hello, kids" to the camera as a ladybug), but I had the expectation that Entrails of Virgin would be at least a bit of dirty fun with some good sexual scenes and brutal, bloody killing by a strange Japanese pursuer. It turned out to be too unpleasant for his own good or bad or whatever. There is a problem - and this can be seen in the Italian sex sexual film Porn Holocaust, as in many ways - in the fact that we do not have gender and violence. Too much sex and it becomes prototype porn, not even with great production quality compared to most professional pornographic movies! And with murderous scenes, there must be at least a small impact, and maybe just a smidgen of ingenuity, when creating a creature / killer / anything. No virgin inputs. It's safe to say that it's a pretty soulless movie, though it's not one of the worst ever - it's just for the Japanese fetishists from the corner to get to girls in trouble and the men who have all their brains in their "other" heads, in which case we are giving a photographic team where the boys take several shots of some girls, not very salty, and then in a thick fog they will remain in some One evening and are eliminated one by one out of the "killer" In the first place, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu will decide to introduce a quota of casual sex scenes in time - we get the clips of one photographer who has sex with one or more girls elsewhere. Once in the house, it's a "wrestling" scene that is badly choreographed and shot (yeah, we really need them to see "everyone" there) and then to rape and killing. photographers who promise a job for their time, then a killer who likes D'Amato is simply covered with mud and dazzled with a silly face and who, for no reason, kills a man and / or rapes one by one. <br /> <br /> Now, the last of those that they themselves have should be considered the most important part of the film. It's like when you say croutons are the best part of a tasty salad. A glamorous scene, a spade worthy of an Olympic event (the scene is really cool) and finally the taking of an overly sexual girl whose little name I do not remember. Even * this * becomes disappointing that it is not right for the title! In addition, the sex scenes that are boring thanks to Gaira and his longstanding love, no matter where everything from Japanese censors is blurred, actors are played (you think they seem to be enjoying themselves enough, so they have to leave is "to talk" alone). But the overall feeling of the Virgo Valley is a chest feeling, just to be shrouded and without a grip of tension or real horror (see how the last girl has stayed alive, the virgin of the picture, trying to stop the killer to get to her, which lasts five minutes when he always defends his sticks!) You just want it to be done because "I hate a woman's mantra to calm down or totally get rid of it.
