Satan's little helper is one of the better B horror films I've seen. When I say better, I mean the story. The film is filming a new plot, something that Horror is not such a cliché - something fresh. But there are some ridiculous questions that come with him. Questions you ask yourself for the duration of the movie. The movie first captured my attention when I was in Cruise in HMV. I was tired of all the so-called "scary" Hollywood blockbusters and wanted something else. The cover art for Satan's little helper immediately caught me. As you can see, the picture draws you - it's cold! I knew it was a DVD release - but I had a chance. I mean, I saw yesterday "Boogey Man" - so it could not get worse! After watching the movie, I was half-compressed. I loved the plot of the film. It was really scary how the murderer pretended to be a boyfriend of small boys, so he could kill. In some ill-tempered way he thought he and the little boy would become partners - a duo of terror. It was a great idea to set a movie on Halloween night. In this way, no one thinks about a masked man next to a small child. They just think he's his guardian. But that's also the place where "plotting holes" are starting to appear. If your son returned home with a friend, he met a trick or a treat - that's okay. You would not have thought about it - if he was 9 years of age or about the same age he was. But if he appeared with a strange man in a mask, you would be surprised and protected your child. You would ask a man to remove the mask and identify himself. You ask why he's with your son. He does not know him. Would you please tell him to leave. He is not a family friend. He is alien. Now we should teach our child not to talk to foreigners. In that case, Mummy's okay. Huh? It never seems to be a bit odd that the "man" does not speak - at all. Grutati thinks he's a friend of daughters, but after 10 minutes he does not say you pull a mask and ask him why he does not say a word. The film goes downhill. The thing that got me the most was the whole mom said, "Do you want some cider?". I can not count how many times it says in the movie. It's like you're dying - we have an apple, it's all good! The film began to promise and failed to deliver it. It was more of a horror / comedy, and even it could not deliver. I think you could call "Dud", "Flop", etc. <br /> <br /> The best thing about the film is the artwork. Even if something tells me it's not worth $ 12!
