First of all I will say that I gave this film 3 out of 10 for one thought. I wanted to give it 1, but she got some points for body counting. But that would be the case. Let me explain it. I paid literally 1 pound for this DVD in the supermarket because I have a lot of fidelity in trading with horror stores, especially in B-films. However, if this film was focused on Condition B, because I think it's for many reasons (which I'm touching for a second) then it's been spectacularly failing. Not only did he shoot B and he was missing, but he landed somewhere around F. This movie had so many opportunities to be good and it all failed in all accounts. I say above that it is likely that this film has focused on status B and seems to be trying to achieve it by trying to combine humor with horror, which can be either very good or very bad. For example, Freddy's latest films (Dream Warriors and others) relate to Freddy's style and nose-thumbing that works great! But this film was completely bombarded in that respect because the times when they tried to inject humor were mostly stupid. But I admit that humor was good towards the beginning of the film. In fact, I liked this film for about half an hour and I was willing to congratulate you for another good find. But what really killed this movie for me was inappropriate to kill. For example, when "Satan" crushes a cat against a record and writes "boo" with her blood through the body like a brush. Or when "Satan" slames the door to a helpless elderly woman with a disability. Now I'm not too against the pointless killing in movies - hey, is that the right point? But in the two cases, I found that it was very grossly insulting and useless for nothing in the movie. For me the movie has since gone down. One main bad point of this movie is that I hated every figure in it. Boy, Dougie was just ridiculously annoying !!! I'm on the run to explain to you how he could strike all the bodies and the people killed before his eyes like a trick! I mean, come on! I fully understand it's in a horror film, the character must be a little stupid, like running up the stairs when you have to scream for help from the house, but this kid has taken a biscuit! I wanted to kill him to the end! It was totally unbelievable, and if I had to hear it, say "rainbow!" once again I wanted to slam my head against the wall - because that felt the movie. Why did not I shoot the movie? Mainly because I am sincerely convinced that the end can sometimes redeem the movie. But in this case, I was wrong. This end did not buy this film, he frightened me irritably and was inadequate to plot. I've got it! The murderer will always return dressed like someone else, come to the house by a stupid boy and go back to killing because no one in his costume has any doubts! I GET IT! This movie made me physically angry because he was so stupid! And if you make a bad mistake by watching this movie, watch the gut. Frankly, if the guy actually had a gut that looks like this, I'd be surprised he was not dead anymore, let alone until he remembered and joined the chair. I'll even go so far as to say that the only character I really liked in this movie was actually a killer. Clearly because when his "comedy routine" worked, it worked. Overall, the line of the movie was drawn to what was good. Why was the murderer killed? I do not know. I can live without knowing who it was, it's quite typical but without a motive - I do not know, I'll clean up for him that he's having a bad Halloween like a baby! - Looks like more than sense, just stupid. Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid Stupid. In fact, I have hated such a film so much that I registered IMDb just to comment on it. Save money, save your mental health. Stay away from that!
