This is a horror movie "Anthology". It consists of four short stories from the Robert Bloch novel (which he wrote for Strange Stories and was a personal friend with H.P. Lovecraft, but he was best known for his original story "Psycho"). The quality of the stories is very uneven and I did not think too much about the film being scary or terrible. It would be better if it was like a comedy like "Comedy of Terror". Only the last of the four stories really has become a humorous way and it's probably the best one (one with Ingrid Pitt). I've seen some of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that was really good at my time was Freddie Francis "Tales from the Crypt". The anthology style works well for producers because it means they can hire a bunch of "big name" actors, employ them for only a week or so, and then bring another big name. So basically it's 6 weeks pay in the movie star, but you get 5 or 6 different names on the screen. But this is very unfortunate for the audience, as the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt in fact together. Instead, they stick to these guilty ones. So let's take them at once, briefly. The first story is by Denholm Elliot, who does a really admirable job of trying to bring some dignity to his stupid role as a writer, terrorized by his own character. Unfortunately, the actor who plays Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams, just looks stupid, destroying any possible horror. There are some fun things if you want to laugh, like a scene where Dominic kills Elliot's psychiatrist. It's a patented scene where a murderer crawls for a victim, but nobody is looking, so the whole audience has to scream "Look behind you!" The second story is with Peter Cushing. God I love the man very much. It is a pity that many of his films such as this one are quite odd. In the story she should get rid of long lost love and see her appearance in wax museums. It is a completely predictable story that is nowhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have a little bit of Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a little boy who turns out to be a witch. Again, it could be fun if it was laughing. But instead, we should be frightened when Lee slaps a baby and surprises when he turns out to be evil. The actress, Chloe Franks, was pretty good in this kind of "Bad Seed" role. The last story is a little funny ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys vampire cloaks making him a real vampire. That's probably the whole story she offers. I was surprised how poor English English is Ingrid Pitt, I think in some of the other movies I saw her had to be nicknamed. It's not a very unforgettable film that I would recommend to anyone other than horror.
