The story of the film is pat and curiosity. Two women travel across the Middle East and appear. Unfortunately, if you're looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, it's absolutely terrible. The filmmakers either did not investigate or were incredibly lazy when filming. First and most clearly wrong, the Nuristans, as they were known in the 1930s and indeed since the nineties of the 19th century, and their powerful conversion of Abdul-Rahman Shah from Aghnajistan, were not nomads. In fact, they were not nomads from the Arctic invasions of Central Asia three miles ago. Secondly, the city that is shot as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understandable, however, the geography of the area around the city could not be more distinct than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded by all sides by the great mountain range that prevails over all the views of the city. <br /> <br /> Third, the Persian, despite the fact it is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, is never heard in the movie. When native speakers who do not speak in German speak Arabic. "Persian" border guards actually say to each other "Ma hadha rujal" (It's not human) and not "in mrd nist" as if it was in Persian. Even a love song between the Indian princess and one of the main characters is of course in Spanish. Speaking in the garden, one of the main characters says the Quran uses the words "Ferdos" and "jehaan" and makes some reference to afterwords. These words certainly do not appear in the Qur'an because they are Persians for Paradise (in fact Ferdos and Raj are very distant relatives among our languages) and "The World", although Jehaan is undoubtedly close to "Jehennan," which is hell in Arabic. When they meet desert nomads, the spoken language is also Arabic, despite the fact that there are no native Arabic speakers in Iran and Afghanistan, and its use is primarily religious, utilizing education at that time. > <br /> When stopped in Iran before they reach the Afghan border, the people they meet are completely different from any Iranian group. Their tents are typically bedded with carpeted walls and high profile. In Iran, it is also extremely unusual for people to wear turbans if they are not spiritual. The spoken language is clearly Arabic from the initial salute "Ahlan wa Sahlan". When they get to Kabul, the desert they find is sandy, unlike the rocky dirt that is found in the dry parts of the Hindu Kush Mountains. There is no light green shrub that covers the ground in summer and spring. This area is also not completely exhausted by the extreme mountains of the mountain range, which have been named "Indian killers", due to their difficult and limiting soil. In short, the story line is the only thing in this movie that holds some water and is still a weak and commonplace place. It misses a real touch, it's just a story of two women trying to learn about themselves when they get to Nuristan, but it was even born and no real development felt, and finally the characters left where they were at first and nothing has changed except that the two World Wars disintegrated. In short, it is a really bad film that I would throw on a star except for a good record of Beduin and the Levant desert, even if they are mistakenly named.
