The primary premise of "Miami Golem" definitely deserves a place on the top, say, the fifty most dementia film scenarios ever written! I know peak 50 is not very impressive, but I've seen a lot of really weird movies with crazy land. I was prepared for something complicated because the film was director and co-author Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and powerful filmmakers but sadly underestimated filmmakers. De Martino steals a few ideas from successful burglars, as most Italian directors did, but he always adds a lot of things to make it even more complicated, unclear and overwhelming. Not all of De Martino's films are worth it, but some of them are greatly underestimated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for Murder". The concept of "Miami Golem" features elements from many great sci-fi and adventure films (like "Alien", "Starman", "Close", "ET"), tell him. The only thing that is really shamelessly stolen from another movie is an introductory synthesizer dance song that sounds almost identical to Axel F. Harold Faltermeyer of "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the movie is fun fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero movie tricks. It certainly does not always make sense (mostly it is not), but "Miami Golem" is undoubtedly an imaginative and multifaceted film that kept my friend and fascinated from start to finish. <br /> <br /> The plot is very difficult to summarize briefly, but I will try. Skeptic journalist Craig Milford reports the story of a German scientist who has allegedly discovered alien DNA inside a crashed meteorite and managed to clone him. The DNA cell belongs to the evil extraterrestrial force that has already exterminated another interstellar race and will undoubtedly destroy all humanity as soon as it grows big enough. If it is not quite problematic, the rich Mr Anderson has ordered stealing the slowly growing evil fetus because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in a terrestrial disguise, Craig Milford has a difficult task to protect the planet from an evil fetus. Well, I know this sounds grotesque and stupid, but I assure you that "Miami Golem" is actually a light and easy-to-digest movie. The first half of the film may be too hectic and confusing, as Alberto De Martino attempts to keep the mystery secret by using absurd red herring. There are subliminal spooky looks, supportive characters behave overly mysterious for no real reason, and at some point there is even speculation about the lost continent of Atlantis. All this, however, contains misleading filler material, and once the setting is more or less clear, "Miami Golem" turns into a common action film of the early 1980s with bloody massacres, flashing sequences of persecution (Florida Everglades!), Explosions, unjustified suffering and ugly fruit monsters in jars. Now I really do not want to get the impression that "Miami Golem" is the lost and undeserved gem of the Italian exploitation cinema. Do not make a mistake, it's a pretty bad movie! Events become acceptable only if you accept the stupidity and disconnect of the conspiracy and if you fail, well, than it is just a continuous spitfire of negative aspects. Actor's performances are painfully horrible. In particular, B-movie veteran John Ireland, James Bond's archetypal villain, seems to be least interested in the script. From his grimaces and the way he can handle it, he thinks that all production is slowing down and simply making a paycheck. Laura Trotter is probably the least sexy female lust-subject at all, and the person who drew the amazingly messy VHS packaging should feel exactly the same way because the breathtaking girl on the cover did not appear anywhere in the movie. What must be the embarrassment for Mrs. Trotter. However, her completely free nudity rates compensate for this because it is very hot from the neck down. And finally there's an unforgettable scene where David Warbeck takes off a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol! I do not think John Rambo could do it while Vietnam is a veteran, and Warbeck's character is just a TV reporter.
