Reporter Craig Milford, who works at James Keller's public telecommunication center, has an interview with a German professor at the University of Florida, who has created an unknown creature based on some meteor substance. But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to dominate the entire planet with the creature, and his man kills the professor and his assistant and demolishes the creature. So Craig and his new female psychic, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with a human being but also with a friend of an extraterrestrial friend, are starting to find this animal and attempting to send it to a strange spacecraft. The movie has some great casts and staffs. For example, David Warbeck, actor from The Beyond, actress Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, a special creator of visual effects, Sergio Stivaletti from masterpieces Dario Argento and director (and narrative story) Alberto De Martino man with ICY EYES and KILLER IS ON PHONE . And these talented people make an incredibly bad film, named, nothing but this MIAMI GOLEM, which is basically a confusingly mixed film of FINAL THIRD TYPES with E.T.THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL. And this not-just-confused-but-also-full movie has something worthwhile; genetic engineering with psychological research. As a result, the film has at least one scientific and / or technical error; genetic engineering and psychological research are never compatible. (Unfortunately, due to this strangely childish combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the main character, Craig, himself, MUST BE BETTER EXPLANATION for short-haired psyche, Joanna, but after all, the whole story of the film does not provide and does not represent any form of CURRENT EXPLANATION. this film has something smarter; his problematic music. What a composer who is credited with Robert Marry is nothing more than a strangely insistent BEVERLY-HILLS-COP music. I do not want to say this Italian theme of BEVERLY HILLS COP itself is particularly bad music, but I must say that it seems obvious that music is not suitable for this film at all. Who really thinks BEVERLY HILLS COP is compatible with genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
