This is a movie that takes some digestion. On the one hand, we offer a heavy outside box, a story that not only derives from the Catholic Church, but it does so stupidly and uninformed. On the inner layer, we offer the story of orthodoxy over orthoprakzem and what happens when people blindly follow a faith that they can not understand. At first glance it seemed to be a comedy. If so, then Mr. Durang needs to open a dictionary because he clearly does not know the meaning of the word. Jokes are pale; humor is unpleasant and poorly delivered. Especially, Mrs. Keaton's performance is frantic and over the top, well below her levels of Annie Hall and Sleeper. Jennifer Tilly is once again a model of stridence, whose deep voice and horror style. All this could be forgiven if it was not the last 20 minutes of this movie, which was an apparently controversial game from 1981. <br /> <br /> *** Carefully spoilers forward *** <br /> <br / > Everything begins with the appearance of four former students of Sister Maria Ignati (Ignatius, by the way, is a male name, and the nun will not accept her promises under any circumstances just because of this fact, just to show you how tirelessly the research went into the project.) When everyone admits that they do not meet the teachings of the Church, the sister becomes irrational and abuses them in the way the audience is believing she came back when she appeared in a ring, all-too-cliché sepia-tone of memories. When one of them admits that he has two abortions, the nun becomes even more abusive until the disciple pulls the weapon. After turning away from her, the nun kills the pupil, probably in self-defense. Then he continues in a stormy storm, killing a former gay student for his sins. The last shot is from a dead pupil lying in Christ's similar pose as the shadow of the cross hangs on it. Say "hard?" I knew you could do it. I know there were abusive nuns in the past, and I know that as a result, many people were emotionally damaged, but these images are fed in almost every other shot in this wreck movie. I have heard from the writer and director that it is a film about hysteria and why one should not follow the orthodoxy so religiously, without a word game. However, this explanation is difficult to swallow, simply because we have never been given an authoritative position that is not one or the other of the prejudices against the Catholic faith. This film is simply anti-Catholic, which is in the name of justice and equality, irritated and hateful in spirit. A film I would recommend to a Catholic to awaken him or the fact of the cynicism and ignorance he is facing today. If it was "Rabbi Ray explaining it all" or "Imam Muhammad explains it all," the streets would revolt, and Showtime would lose all his subscriptions. Unfortunately, because it is a film that interferes with what is perceived as the majority, it is accepted and even applauded by those who have the same vicious opinion. I certainly hope that every member of this cast was a practical Catholic, so it was not just the ignorance that led them to filming this film. I give him 1.5 out of 5, not because of his offensive character, but because it was misspelled, misguided and just a bad movie in general. Do not waste your time.
