Final score ... who cares about it - it's a reality show. He has no love for his audience, a panderer for a lazy TV viewer, he does not say anything and nothing will get. "Joe Millionaire," the most flashy fake reality show of all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. It's a tangled, rock bottom not only for Fox but also for the American public who actually watches, like, and talks about it the other day. You people should be ashamed of yourself. Since Fox promotes this unsolicited postal item, it will not make any money until it is tracked by people (and the boy was, the finals have almost won the Super Bowl!?). Does not it bother people to have a lot of good-quality programs of written, controlled, conducted and generally spent effort in them that are canceled while you sit and lapse into this effortless, cold game show? <br /> <br /> I was a strong proponent of Fox. They're the ones like me who love and look for quality TV that helped put Fox back in marriage ... with children and Simpsons. Conveniently, now neither of these shows would have reached 6 weeks with current leadership. Gail Berman "the reign of terror," as it is often called. The network led the war on TV screenplay A, it's a strange fan. People who helped them build in the beginning. Now we must not only fight for good shows, but we must fight our own network. It disturbs the mind. Nothing Fox does in the last 3 years makes no sense. From hitting titles such as Titus, Futurama and John Doe (NBC can restore Boomtown, but Fox can not lift its wretched head to give the only decent show that they have another shot this season). And the reason they can do all this: the success of junk mail like "Joe Millionaire". Now they can say, "We do not need fans, we have reality shows". They seem to have no idea that a large audience with this unwanted lottery is unstable and will leave the second opportunity. Removing such a base eventually kills the network as it has set it back. <br /> <br /> The exhibition itself is a joke. Here we have the premise, in the classic trick Fox, which promises something different and nervous, but then brings something that does not differ from "The Bachelor" or anything else on the big 3 Fox has entered the mainstream. Final and "twist" (quote / unquote) showed they had no ideas on the sleeve. Now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, end up with the same crown, the fairytale ends. We had to see a bunch of aspirational actors that the network chose from the millions of shots to fit into their demographic processions around like in bimbos high school pretending they liked it by Evan Marriott because ... well, because it was a competition and it is what you have to do. Marriott himself is like a terribly malformed man, Chro-magnum, who tries to combine the simplest sentences. But how can women (which is an average stupid look by the way - an important minus is such a wine show), do not belong to "Joe" with such glamorous lines as "Look, you are not stupid". /> <br /> I thought the people who watched these realities / dating / game shows were just lazy to change the channel, but after the "Joe Millionaire" I think it must be really mentally inadequate. Come with people, a little more yourself. Ask a little more of your fun than this one. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX.
