The serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is delighted to have been admitted to the medical school to continue his family tradition and became MD as his father Richard (Dennis O'Neill) and his uncle Eddie (David H. Hickey), however, his joy could be short because Eddie is involved in an accident and is driven by a car. Coming to the nearest hospital, it does not look good for the poor Eddie, so his uncle Eddie convinces his brother Richard to save Eddie with the serum he has developed, a serum that will give the recipient strength to heal any wound or disease. Desperate for his boy to live Richard agrees, but the procedure has undesirable side effects like Eddie turns into a brain that is driving a zombie, which is not just a good thing ... A powerful producer written and directed by Steve Frank I will totally honest myself and telling that the serum is terrible, serum is one of the best movie horror movies that tries to tear off a bunch of others and finally it's a little more fun than having nails pulled out with pliers. The script is terrible, the whole Re-Animator (1985) has the feeling that with mad scientists controlling huge syringes trying to eradicate death, but it's so boring that it's untrue, the first forty minutes is nothing more than really boring soap he did not expect to come to the time when Eddie came home after spending some time off, and the search for his ex-girlfriend got in touch with someone else, arguments with his stepmother, he drunk with his friend, and the generally boring audience stiffened. So, when the first fourteen minutes are over, and if you're still looking at it, it takes another twenty minutes for Eddie to animate again and then kill a few people, the police catch him and shoot him. Thank God. Serum lacks any characteristic feature that would combine with good film, the figure is soaking, the dialogue is bad, it's too serious, it's boring, it's slow, it's forgotten and thinks it's a horror film, there's an alarming lack of blood, blood or horror. Not recommended, did I mention that the serum was boring? I said so. Director Franke will do nothing to revive this thing, even though he is competent, that there is no style at all. Gore levels do not exist, there's a little bloody blood, a neck, a few scars on the face of a dead woman, a few scenes where the needle penetrates the skin, and that's it. Do not expect the re-animator in the gore department because if you do it will be very disappointed as if I was in reality. Filmed in what looks like one house, one restaurant and a lab, the film has no variety and only looks cheap around the world. There are several nudity scenes, but it's not close enough to save it. Technically, the film is not too bad, at least it looks like the right cameras have been used, I can not really comment on special effects because there are none, but generally speaking Serum looks adequately professional. Apparently shot dead in Texas, or should he read that he should be shot dead in Texas? The act is angry, though it seems to me to be the right actor, not the friends or the director's family. Serum is a terrible movie, it's boring, slow, boring, does not have a gore, and feels like a terrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. I do not understand why someone would feel the need to watch this when they can watch Re-Animator again or one of its sequels, I strongly recommend that you leave the Seru. There I just saved you from losing 90 minutes of my life, you can thank me later.
