"Serum" starts with credits that resemble films "Re-animator" and owes them a lot. The story is very similar; the mad doctor is developing the serum he thinks he will relieve pain, sickness and death, but apparently he is not a big believer in clinical trials, and he gets into the hands of his nephew in the hands of a brain zombie. Zombie looks even like one of the "Re-Animator" and in fact some of the make-up effects in "Serum" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is relatively slow and unbelievable in several places, resulting in a feeling of soap making for most of the first 3/4 of the film. For some reason, the director feels forced to say every moment every few minutes by blinking in large white letters on the screen. I do not understand why this is important, except that I try to give the audience the feeling that they are passing the time; sometimes it would not be otherwise, as the plot is happening. <br /> <br /> There are many moments that do not add here. For example, one victim is bludgeoned with a hammer, but when we see the victim's head close, there is no sign of that trauma. In another scene, a fully illuminated hospital corridor (we can see the circles of light on the floor in reality) with a flashlight in hand, looking around the world as if walking in the darkness ... but later the second character passes through the same fully illuminated corridor without one. These are just a few examples; moments that look like directorial or editorial lightness occur relatively often throughout the film. "Serum" is in some ways better than much of what's going on as a video as an independent horror lately. As for technical items? sound and photography, for example? has a more polished look than a lot of what's coming on DVDs. On the other hand, there is still a lot of wooden gaming (especially one of the main characters, the crazy scientist himself!) And nonsensical moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of mistrust and everything that goes with writing and continuity. Perhaps these are the things with which the people who participated in the film eventually gain more experience. One of the problems with low-cost independent horror recently is that artists often choose to edit more popular films that have bigger budgets, and it almost never works. It was not for "Sera".
