Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is full of fantastic ideas and the space that everybody who lives in England is on a soccer match or knows that the first thing about football will be immediately seen. My first major horror with the Hooligans is the poor casting of two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I like Elijah Wood and I have great respect for my work, but despite his best efforts, he tried to break this role. The main motivation for his character is anger in the system and anger in betrayal, however he spends a lot of film calm and cheerful, only showing his overt aggression in one short scene towards the end of the film. This is related to his appearance and position, which makes him a totally unconvincing addition to the gang of football hooligans. At no time during the film I was convinced that a) he could deal with the fight against such heroines and b) the "robber" company would take such a person into their fold. Charlie Hunnam plays the main character. Charlie looks at that part and is quite convincing as a robber. Unfortunately, the native of Newcastle Upon Tyne, in the north of England, shows the worst accent of East London since Dick Van Dyke in Marry Poppins tried to go cock-en-y. Such details are not likely to bother an American audience that will be less attracted to the regional dialect in the United Kingdom, but it was a problem from the UK that I could not ignore and contributed to the destruction of the film for me. The supporting cast has provided convincing performance and has been well occupied, especially the role of Bover. The boy playing this character would be much better suited for the main role Charlie played. With such a movie you have to convince viewers that your characters are likely, unfortunately the casting failed. Imagine taking a movie like Godfather and Sean Hayes (Jack) from Will and Grace, where Michael Corleone plays. You would not be convinced. The story in Hooligan is also full of misunderstanding. I'm not a football hooligan, but I'm a fantastic football fan. I know how a group of "regular" soccer fans of the kangaroo can think it is impossible for fans who are not fans of the club, it is not from the area and neither English nationality should be accepted by a "company" which, in some serious cases equals the secret organization. My last and greatest problem with this movie is the way in which football hooligans are displayed. I object to the idea of ​​the film that, despite the very violent individuals, hooligans are justified because they live by an ethical code in their own world and should be admired for being courageous and loyal to one another. That's total waste. Soccer hooligans are a whole lot. They take football, England's national sport, and use it as an excuse to terrorize, scare and intimidate people. They represent only a small percentage of football fans, but give the whole game and the people of this country a bad reputation. They are neither courageous nor faithful, they are cowardly and evil. If "GSE" in this movie really loved their club, West Ham, why would they have to devote life as a stain on his name. Hooligans are embarrassed about football and English. Soccer hooligans make the reputation of football as Hitler has made the legends of the Germans. Although this film is attempting / intending to show a "song" of football violence. It has nothing but to promote it as a justifiable activity for extreme sports fans. He does not show bad innocent supporters at soccer matches, whose day is being destroyed by an idiot who has thrown into a crowd of coins / lighters / glass. It does not seem to be innocent homeowners and property owners who have to deal with graffiti and broken windows. It does not show real fans of soccer clubs who suffer from denial and embarrassment when their team fans are forbidden to travel to home matches or abroad to European matches because they will destroy them for everyone. If you want to see a good film about football violence, check out BBC The Firm drama.
