This is one of those movies that you want to spend time watching, then some, such as the time you randomly chose, the time you spent in the video store, etc. <br /> <br / > First, the look: It's granular, it's a low budget. Now it does not make a bad movie in itself. But the way it was filmed makes the action look unnatural, so it's a little disturbing. Then the story. 3 girls go to the galley weekend from the boys. Of course, like everyone else, when they go camping, they stop on their way to earning their earrings. When they arrive in the area where they are going, they will be taken by Mr. Ranger Sire, who calls them to drive a cigarette lighted off the car at a time of fire and then drive them where they are going (a remote cabin). Of course, two crazy boys are approaching and Bambi (yes, Bambi) and Aubry are immediately killed, but Bambi is apparently attacked by something with two legs. Mady is somewhat disappointed with this development because she was looking forward to the weekend when she forgot about her cause by getting in touch with friends. And I almost forgot, there is an old hermit who lives in this way, it's probably someone you do not have to confuse, and the area and cabin in which they stay have a "reputation". So, of course, sooner or later (unfortunately, much later), some of our weekend wooden visitors will die and find different traps (although a few of them actually hit a little less) and of course the remaining campers are naturally upset. Of course, no income on a mobile phone (who would not want to check their cell phone for movie reception)? Mr. Ranger Sir continues to perform in odd times, and his behavior seems a bit strange, but he says he will help. There's a fantastic breakthrough that you just do not want to miss if you're still awake. Pray that you wake up to an empty screen. Actor acting is terrible, production values ​​are terrible and the whole business is just lame and I think it's amazing that it was even released. Avoid at all costs, 1 out of 10.
