"Smile LIke Yours" is a pathetic comedy that makes no sense. I do not mean the story was complicated, but the whole conspiracy is based on one thing: a few desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempts to conceive a child. People who tried to do so had to forget about the possibility of admission, for which this film is not kind. Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction with what the liberation of women offers that almost do not feel independent. It's a pretty boring figure like a dreamed housewife, with absolutely nothing in mind but having children. Just like the stupid 50th romance, Greg Kinnear is her submitting husband, who does not show any personality, independence, and interest. They are the two most boring and often annoying characters, and they are comedy, which should show many accidents that should result from doing everything they can to get pregnant. Besides, they do not do anything except going to the fertility clinic and earning a lot of money to do what they can do in the privacy of their people (with the exception of the numbers of in vitro fertilization). The story barely allows any accidents because, well, a few do nothing to create a bizarre situation. They just go to this clinic. So what? Subplots are designed to test the loyalty of the couple, a necessary moral element of the story since the couple planned to conceive the children together. Jennifer works at a new age with her boyfriend (played by Joan Cusak) and they are in the development of the afrodisiacs. Christopher MacDonald plays an insider buyer and Jennifer is a promising negotiator of a nice prize for her and her boyfriend. Subplot hardly offers much to be of interest (although Joan Cusak is quite entertaining in the restaraunt scene). Danny (Kinear) is an architect who finds the opportunity to make some money to cover the clinical bills by taking a job in Seattle where his boss is a furious seduce (also another hopeless, helpless female figure) trying to influence Danny (so stupid , what it is) to have a matter with her once, with him and his wife (for reasons why I can not give up). Jill Hennesy is in a good role, but her character is too predictable and too formal as a very necessary element to create a conflict for Danny. It's stupid and again, hardly interesting. <br /> <br /> The overall movie itself is absolutely boring and funny (it saves the scene of restaraunt and flight of the airline). The conspiracy does not offer anything that would be really attentive. Even if the story was about two people who were trying to open up, the writers could figure out a few horrific accidents. Second, the main characters are totally boring. They are the complete silhouettes of silly comedies from the 1950s with a happy wife and a helpless husband. So even without the bleakness that appeared on the plot, the characters themselves do not offer anything interesting, let alone funny. Joan Cusak should be at the head and somebody else should take Kinnear's role. Cusak would make even a miserable story terribly entertaining (as it ever does in its leading role here). It's definitely about it to pass.
