As a fan of science fiction films, I realized the Matrix since it was released in 1999. Of that, I would allow a little people to tell me, I supposed it to be very original and sophisticated. I'm also devoted to Alice in Wonderland. I've never been able to figure out how I missed The Matrix when she was released. With the forthcoming release of The Matrix Reloaded, it was time to buy a DVD and watch it. The disappointment was too great. The assumption of the matrix (the control device as opposed to the film) was clever. The philosophical precondition of parallel worlds, the alternative is shopping. But I could still buy a movie as science fiction if it stays firmly in this genre. Unfortunately it has become a standard, "they will or will not escape, break, save those who need rescue, etc." To make it even worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. The problem is that sci-fi and martial arts are really two different types. To the cleanest, devoted one or the other, the mixing of both does not work. It's like mixing science fiction with romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or at least in both films to the same extent. <br /> <br /> If problems with The Matrix The Matrix Reloaded really complicated the problems. At least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or a long-lasting auto-hunt. (This observation ignores the question that was made in every professional, negative review of the film: If Neo could do Superman, why bother to fight at all? Of course, the answer is that it draws a young demographic group of men in the theater.) Then the aspect of " redemption through love ". This land plot was worn out a century ago by Richard Wagner. In fact, he was treated better in Die Gotterdammerung. So where it leaves those who saw Matrix Reloaded. Martial arts fans have probably grown through the trite, but the mysterious philosophy of science fiction. Science fiction fans were interested in why they were sitting at a kung-fun fest. Most men in the audience, where they are probably bored of the silly novel aspect of the film. <br /> <br /> Just what should you get for your money when you see movie movies The Matrix: Sci-fi, martial arts or soap opera? A piece of each one does not mean that it's no more than a satisfying film for fans of each.
