One would expect a movie shot about. a $ 300,000,000 U $ D budget should at least have you entertained for watching the cinema. "Matrix Reloaded" proves that this assumption is wrong. The "Matrix" worked better, despite apparent shakes in the logic of the story. At least nobody could explain to me why to hurt shoes (aka agent) inside simulation (aka martix) would somehow damage the responsible computer program ... Unfortunately Wachowski brothers made this "agent-bashing" the main thing in "Matrix Reloaded" beat 'em up o-rama. These combat scenes can work well enough (or even cool down) in 5 seconds. but a few minutes longer, seemingly fake, badly choreographic, and repeated over and over, is nothing but boring. Despite seeing speculated specteular pieces, there is nothing more than simple low quality, unthinkable bashing already seen (or better not) in eg Van Damme "movies". The difference in postproduction (etherything is 5 times faster, the camera moves a lot and freezes on certain scenes, and this is repeated for at least 5 minutes), it does not help, it has nothing to do with the very meaning of "martial arts". In addition to these "fights", all actors refuse to do what they are paid for: playing. What's going on next to the battle scenes? Few, except the Hollywood routine. This oh-so-multicultural bunch of hippies, which sucked in the "Water World," is recycled as a citizen of "Sion" (the last city on the ground), and they start dancing on the Morpheus Order, because it is a good opportunity to show a lot of barely covered breasts and asses. Oh-so-popular frog clichés aka frenchmen speaks with this "is not sais quoi" a stupid accent that loses its wealth due to "liason d'amour" is boldly served. After this (and unwanted funny) is the fight between Neo and the sinister followers of the "frog" because it takes place in Erroy Flynn as an enterieur, fortunately with a lot of weapons for the face for the decoration. For Neo, which features a hellebard, just add 2 stairs and a lot of sculptures (for destruction, throw bad guys and so on) and you get 5 more nonsensical, boring mines. of that unsolicited mail. <br /> <br /> What to expect? The customary merchandising hell is customary. And "revolutions" that happen or not - certainly without me.
