The first Matrix movie was lush with incredible character development, funny dialogue and action scenes that kept up with a smooth story. These elements - coupled with the incredible special effect of the day - represent a magical ride that keeps you all the time in a tense mood. Enter Matrix Reloaded (and its sequel, Revolution). The problem here is not special effects or combat sequences, as some may argue; The brothers took the well-developed characters from the first film and put them as dirty tree diaries. The connection that was first established between viewers and characters on screen in the first movie is lost when you realize that these are not the same characters from the first Matrix movie. For Morpheus it was developed as a charismatic, philosophical character with a perception that far outweighs someone else in the movie, but here in Reloaded - we are presented by another Morpheus, standing hard and hollow, reduced to brown unicorns that contradict the character we have seen develop in the first movie. This character simply did not feel the same, and it was also possible to say about supporting characters in the film. Removing "Tank" was also a disappointment. The involvement of tanks in the first film was at best minimal, but played a very good role. In Reloaded we find that Tank dies after the events in the first film and is replaced by a pair of Jar Jar Binks who could not act to save his life (you think it's a Kellogg's Corn Flakes box). His performance let me giggle, and most of his spoken dialogue lacked timing. It was an overwhelming feeling that he was too trying to send his emotions on the screen, or when the screenplay was turned off; in any case, the experience was humorous! Sometimes I felt embarrassed for the actors ... even the Neo divine person was suspicious during most combat sequences. An anxiety battle with Agent Smith's clones was certainly exaggerated. Man so gifted as Neo must be surprised that he would even waste time engaging in such a sterile, frivolous battle when he is involved in more urgent matters (especially when you realize his flying ability or his impious ability to bend the Matrix, surely Neo could send clones much faster and more efficiently). Such acts rely on a screenplay that prevents consistency, and scenes created as a refill that make us feel like they are stuffy. In spirit, our expectations of characters created in the first film are immediately discarded. Unfortunately, for those who expect more of it - you will definitely go away, you will be very disappointed. <br /> <br /> If you take Reloaded as your standard, regular movie and forget about the incredible inconsistency of the story and the unsatisfactory development of the character you have already created from the first movie, you should leave and feel quite satisfied.
