I tried to remove everything that could be considered a spoiler. I suppose you also saw the first movie or at least you knew about the general nature, so if you do not have some of it, it may not make sense. Plot: This movie takes the audience over the head with tired philosophical ramblings over and over again in an attempt to get the theme across. We are bombed again and again with questions of purpose, destiny and choice, and forced to endure the long, terrifying trifits that contain them. Neo, awakened from the dream of the last film, is now beginning a period of realization of his existence. There are a lot of revelations in this movie that I will have the weight for, so they will not look like spoilers. <br /> <br /> * If you are still afraid that vague links ruin the movie, do not read the paragraph below. <br /> <br /> The strength and weakness of faith are revealed. They also look at the strengths and weaknesses of love and their temporary nature. It also reveals the interdependence of people and technologies and our belief in technology. The importance of choice and experience is revealed. Explaining the other things that are revealed would go into too many details, so I'm going to refrain (as they follow the instructions for writing comments). Btw, by "revealing" I think, blinked over our ears and eyes like nails. Action: So how does Neo and the gang get from the end of the last movie to the beginning of another? In short, they maintain belief and use and abuse overly stylized acts and balls, as if it looked different (and after this show I hope movie makers and creators will learn to appreciate the subtlety and originality a bit more). More about this later. To avoid anything, I will say more than promotional material: Neo is still trying to find the Matrix and he is looking for answers when he tries to save people and Zion, while all the bad ones behind him and his cohorts. The film will largely detain where the last one left. Action: While martial arts and shooting have outlined their predecessor in somewhat equal parts, this film focuses much more on martial arts than on weapons, sais, etc. into the mix. Special effects are so often used and waved on the face of the audience that it becomes really difficult. I've been discussing this movie with friends and co-workers, and almost everyone has found some of the action sequences - especially the "Smith fight" we've all heard in the movie - be too long and boring. This is a huge red flag for action fans, because the end of the action sequence should either let something a little more, or be completely satisfied with the astonishment that has just occurred. . They are overly stylized, despite the top sequences that are wooden and non-in-spirals. In the first film, there was a real feeling of despair for some action, the feeling that the struggles were for survival, and not only looks good (which I honestly do not think Reloaded is doing), in black and leather. Watch Drunken Master or Iron Monkey after this movie to remind you of the good fighting sequences - you will not regret it. In addition, the "matrix capabilities" that people have in Reloaded are not consistent and what they actually do is not consistent. The first film had its inconsistencies, but they were not too obvious - unlike Reloaded. <br /> <br /> Special effects are pounding on and on. Every little thing anyone does, whether it's just a jump, a spin, a spin, and in many cases just a pose, is slow, machine gunned or over-emphasized by some destruction. Obviously, W Bros had a lot of money to throw in this movie, and the boy threw it without being really restrained. Sharp editors really did, but the first movie was such a hit that of course it was given free government, which brings us. . . <br /> <br /> Character and dialogue: I have more or less said that the dialogue is tired and full of philosophical phrases. Actors can not really bring a lot of depth to their character when the scenario and direction is the shaking character character to shake the audience, or totally neglect. At any moment, viewers will not get into the nuances and matter, so they can think of their own. <br /> <br /> Keanu's acting is tough best. Keanu is good to behave confused, and that's all he does in this movie. He does a decent attempt to show passion between Neo and Trinity, but it falls flat. Lawrence tries Morpheus to do everything from Moses to Henry V, and be as cool as a cat all around. The scenario is provided, it does a noble attempt, but it also drops. <br /> <br /> Moss is not very trustworthy. Its appearance is always the same, just like Keanu, and chemistry is not there, although it's just enough in its very physical scenes. Hugo once again brought his special sense of being a program of agents, but he also suffered from handwriting scenarios. Actually, I consider him to be the most interesting character of the clutter, but instead of development, it only makes him an excuse for a huge, exhausted battle scene. Overall, this film is out of frustration if you had good expectations and in itself, as a stand-alone movie (which is not the way to get it), it's still terrible. I do not see Matrix so deep, but at least I find it a nice scifi romp that has some interesting ideas, a good action, a few fun lines and a fairly restrained symbolism and essay to entertain the attention. Reloaded fails in all these numbers and I really hope that W Bros will give us a better experience in the 3rd installment. I do not think I have a lot of hope after this movie.
