Traceable small computer, but hardly captivating. Yet two or three funny moments. What amazes me is how slippery and morally very controversial McNicol. It's not valid (leg problem), though it's not only a "nasty duck" that men avoid, but it's even a human-eater - and we should feel for her! Oh, poor McNicol, with a foot problem ... Poor McNicol ?! He's constantly gaining a pass from men and even throwing them away without blinking! On one occasion she even has a thoughtful one-night affair with a blond stud and then tells her newly discovered French girlfriend quite unwaveringly that it took him time to get an erection! She tells the audience why her foot is so conscious if all the boys want to hump her. Well, almost every human; the only man who really avoided seeing her leg wrapped in metal is the one who works on the phone. But otherwise it seems to be doing well with men! No shyness, no success with men, and she throws them away as toys; the way Carradine was driving off was ridiculous. Poor little invalid girl? I think yes. And yet we must believe that this woman has a serious problem of trust; since then she has been preparing to play the flute on a solo concert and somehow managed to throw the notes out of nervousness. Nervousness?? The rest of the film shows little or nothing to suggest that he has confidence problems, so this flute is absurd and does not fit into a bigger picture. I was also surprised how quickly and eagerly McNicol makes friends with a French woman who married a married guy. On the surface, it seems that the film is a "sentimental story of the struggle to accept one crippled woman" (or something like that), but it is nothing like that; the writer clearly moves between this type of film and "the screw all that moves - that's the 80's" kind of movie - very confusing. As for the leg: it's not like she has a large, thick violet balloon growing on the muscular body. She has "only" a normally-looking metallic prosthesis attached to the bottom of her leg, so I really do not understand why the filmmakers are trying to look like it was a Quasimodo woman or something like this beginning of the movie. It's not like having a double head from your head! Although McNicol is hardly the main catch. It's a little cute, but nothing special, fairly average. But what the hell is Carradine when he plays a (relatively) smooth boy flirting with McNicole and her boyfriend ?! The guy was in the "Nudist Revenge"! But I think it's the same thing with Carradines in movies as it is with Kennedys in politics: whether it's ugly, incompetent or stupid, all doors are open to a career in movies and politics, respectively. <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies about Carradines and other Hollywood nepotism and fools, contact me by e-mail.
