Another double on one disc from Warner Home Video and by far the better of two films is the amazing thriller RKO "Where Danger Loves" from 1950. This is an unforgettable classic with great occupations in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. The crisis that Nicholas Musuraca photographed in black and white photography was thoroughly directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is an excellent example of the new-style image-making and will always be remembered for his style of craft that was Hollywood's past - (See my full review). above the praise can be applied to the second movie on the disc, incredible MGM 1949 stinker TENSION! Badly written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry, this film is full of absurd features and unlikely situations. An incomprehensible relationship between a mild maneuver and a chimpanzee pharmacist - Richard Baseheart - and his seemingly unobtrusive wife (Audrey Totter) is utterly unlikely and unconvincing (how to get together at all). Then, when "surprisingly" exhaling her for one of her friends (Lloyd Gougha), our shy pharmacist, instead of being euphoric and over a month with his new found happiness, will pay revenge and try to kill Gough, but at the last minute. The boy is just as murdered, and our apothecary is immediately suspected of Barry Sullivan's killer's detective (another weak performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you really could not care less because it's so badly executed and ridiculous by director Berry. Mr. Berry has no idea of ​​how he moves, and he is not able to put a smidgen in style or style. There is nothing to give you before the camera to prevent you from swinging! The only TENSION featured in this movie is in a rubber band that is shot to its limit and snaps at Barry Sullivan's fingers when he gives an intro when opening a movie. So much for it! Most Unfortunate Effort! C'est La Vie! The best things about this Turkey are smooth monochrome cinematography from great Harry Stradling, the effective score of young André Previn and the early dramatic performance of beautiful Cyd Charisse before she found her dance shoes. Hi! - Maybe she could save the picture if she gave us a few steps and a couple of piruetes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In his favor, however, there are piles of extras that are included, which boasts trailers, commentaries and featurettes for both films. But the disc is worth it for RKO Mitchum classic!
