"Memoirs of a Geisha" is a visually stunning melodrama that looks more like a camp, dragging the queen of satire than anything else to do with real people. The first half of the film defiantly insists that geishas are neither prostitutes nor concubines that are the embodiment of traditional Japanese beauty. But in addition to one amazing dance, the rest of the film degenerates into Pretty Baby in Storyville, or at least Vashti and Esther in the Purim story, because all the efforts of women in art and fine art are fun, much older, drunken crazy men. Perhaps it is the prostitution of Japanese culture, and not just American puppets after the Second World War. Maybe it's a dietary talk in English, but Ziyi Zhang shows just a little of the big flare demonstrated in "House of Flying Dagger (Shi mien mai fu)" and "Hero (Ying xiong)." Michelle Yeoh occasionally shows the glimpse of her assured performance in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (Wo hu cang long)". Only Li Gong shows some real life. Otherwise, I was still portraying Charles Ludlum in various roles, or even Cillian Murphy, as well as in the Kabuki theater, especially when the plot dragged into cat fight after felines. The anticipated love story has zero chemistry, mostly due to age differences, and I mostly felt sorry for Ken Watanabe and I hoped his Hollywood reward would be compensated for losing his dignity as a mysterious "president." I remember more emotions in "Portrait of Jennie" because a young girl tries to grow up in Jennifer Jones to satisfy Joseph Cotton. We see brief insights into the fact that geisha pose with ordinary women as a photographic attraction and as an aging Ziyi Zhang lives in war years in a very colorful kimono dying traffic. The final has little sense of normality. The scores include many chopped traditional melodies, cello from Yo Yo Ma and violin Yitzhack Pearlman instead of traditional instruments that are beautiful to listen to along with beautiful cinematography if one completely ignores the plot and the stiff actor effect. When I woke up, I wondered how the great Japanese directors of samurai films would be dealing with this story, which would probably have been more formal but much more emotional.
