Robin Cook's novel "Coma" has changed into a quite successful film in 1978. A few years later, it was a coup for another bestseller Robin Cook to get a big screen, but in the case of the "Sphinx" practically everything that could go wrong will go wrong. These are horrible adventurous motion moves that consist of wooden performances, silly dialogue, unconvincing characters, and lead stimulation. The only reason why he escapes rating 1 out of 10 is that the Egyptian backdrop provides infinitely more fascination than the story itself. It is hard to believe that Franklin J. Schaffner ("Patton" and "The Planet of Ape") is the director of this debacle. Nice egyptologist Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is on a working holiday in Cairo when he encounters antique dealers Abdu-Hamdi (John Gielgud). Hamdi gets involved with Eric and is overwhelmed by his enthusiasm and knowledge. As a result, she shows her the beautiful and incredibly precious statue of Pharoah Seti I, which she holds secretly in her store. The very existence of the sculpture excites Eric with great excitement as it could provide vital clues to Seti's long lost tomb, a price that is as great as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi can tell Eric more, he is brutally murdered in her business, with Eric, who looks in a terrible horror when he meets his terrible end. He is afraid that Eric is trying to find a treasure. She discovers that she helps her and prevents her from seeking other parties, none of whom are truly trustworthy. For one is Yvon (Maurice Ronet), a seemingly friend, but perhaps a man with ominous side motives? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), Egyptian, for whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but which can also conceal dangerous secrets from her. The biggest problems with "Sphinx" generally result from its total ignoring the credibility. Down could not be less convincing as an egyptologist? one assumes he will be quite well educated and inventive, yet he spends the whole film helplessly screaming like some busty bimbo of teen slasher flick. On those extraordinary occasions that do not really run from a potential villain, he does other helpless things like shooting polaroid photos in a 4,000-year-old tomb! The plots of the plot are tough, at least include revelations and double crosses that can be predicted in advance. No one can even try to enjoy the movie at the level of a stupid but entertaining action plan as it is relatively slow. What small action can be found is separated by long sections. The famous movie review said: "Sphinx is stinging!" Never before was a two-hour film so properly summed up in two words.
