This film has nothing to do with the sphinx and the title is just coming. The story concerns the presumed true and hidden tomb in the valley of kings, King Seti I, the second pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty, the period of the new kingdom. It's not a bad yarn, and a great deal of film is filmed in place. Even the scenes in the Luxor Hotel's hotel lobby were actually shot and not in the studio. The second unit is infinite and had to be released into Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is really very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should take it as a side. The film is basically destroyed by one of the most irked actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead role. She spends the whole movie wondering what her blue eyes are, reflecting the light at the right angle, making all the bad guys, and so on. After a ten-year start of life as a model, what hope could be for her? It depicts everything that is most rebuked about female vanity and gruff indifference. And think that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won Oscar for 'Patton'! It allows this terrifying actress to scrape and sympathize with the film, a hysterical moment, flirting another, in a sort of hurricane idiocy, as she leans from one man to another, either screaming or making her eyes in the bedroom, that's not important. She was a young Egyptologist. But never before she was in Egypt! He takes a taxi to Giza and captures her first glance at the pyramids, exploding in ecstasy: "But they are so BIG !!!!" Barf! Okay, so this was a screenplay, but she gets to the banality too easily, and it seems to be a natural element I doubt for a moment. The elements of the story are good. There is a really serious problem with the black antique market. Real! Great! The Robin Cook novel, which I have not seen, may be fine for everything I know. It was fun to see the name Cyril Swern as a sound recorder on the film, as I knew it a long time ago. Stathley Kubrick's step-daughter Katharina is referred to as a "draughtswoman". I wonder what that means? She may have done some work. Anyway, the antiques in the movie are quite good. And we can find plenty of museums in Cairo and many picturesque locations. In fact they go to the tomb of King Tutankhamen! I can not imagine it would be allowed for the movie today. Lots of inappropriate scenes take place in mosques. It would not be good today, but in 1981 such things were not on the agenda. Music for the movie is absolutely scary, worse than Lesley Anne Down in fact! But there were soundtracks that were surprisingly authentic, one of which was the cacophony of traffic noise in Cairo, which is exactly drawn in the background, and which would be nervous for anyone who knows Cairo. Also, the speaker calls to prayer are there all the time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they do it? It could have been good.
