I agree with most of the comments I have written. I grew up as I watched Seseme Street before many people were born who wrote comments. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was on TV. The show taught me the numbers (The Count), spelling (Muppet) and life. I like all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and I do not understand why they had to change. I understand that everything has to change, but Cookie Monster is done as a "vegetarian monster" to promote healthy eating. The show introduced new characters and creatures since its founding, why not make a separate "vegetarian monster" that would talk about the benefits of using a varied diet with Cookie Monster. But back to my point. I grew up watching the very beginning of Seseme Street, my old 20-year-old daughter grew up as I watched the SS with me alongside and talked about Mr. Hooper dying even though he died before birth, as well as other topics at the show . I saw this episode as an older child, and I still remember how well the event was portrayed, just like in reality. And I'm sure it was extremely hard, because all deaths and losses affect families. You saw it at the show and allowed parents and children to discuss very difficult events. The show consisted of traditional families, adoptive families and mixed families. This is one of the few performances that actually discusses these scenarios. I now have a 5 year old daughter who really does not follow the SS. I've been trying to watch the show several times, but it really is not what it was. Elmo in 1/2 hours with Mr. Noodle is totally absurd. Like many people say, they do not teach anything. It's focused on less than 18 months (maybe) and it's not even funny. I always prided myself on watching SS as a child, adolescent and adult with my own child. Now, on my second tour, I really have a hard time watching the SS. Topics discussed: death, marriage, unconventional families, new to the neighborhood, relocation were related to children and adults in a way that is easy to understand and related to. Now we do not teach any concepts, minimal counting, only occasional mention of the alphabet. This is not the same SS, from the original observer of the show. PLEASE, if some producers from the show have read these comments, they will return the show to their foundation. New concepts were never a problem with the SS, but they had a better way to incorporate them into the show.
