If you want to see a movie that terribly combines one Latin country with some other Latin, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Perú, even in the most violent time, has not proved to politicians or soldiers as much as in this film. This has shown a country like Salvador at the time of the Civil War. Since I am Peruvian, who lives in Lima (the capital of Perú), it was so much fun for me to see and see everywhere policemen. 2. If you have a car in Perú and want to be a taxi driver, put a sticker with the word "Taxi" on the windscreen and you can drive freely on the Peruvian streets (there are taxis of the company, but their prices are quite expensive). Do not need yellow or black / white square strips on your car door. Well, taxis in this movie have the band, something you will never see in Peru. 3. Peruvians are not Caribbean dresses. For example, at the exit of a taxi driver he was wearing a "Guayabera" hat, a white hat and 40 mustache, like Clark Gable. No Peruvian man looks like this, please! Perú is not the Caribbean! 4. The scene shows a woman in the street with a rather long skirt, like a typical folklore dress in Latin America. Walk on foot anywhere in Perú and never find a woman who wore this way unless you see a typical dance. 5. Cast would be better: I can not deny that Héctor Elizondo is a great actor but not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico, but was born in New York) and his Spanish is not fluent. It is notorious that Spanish is not its first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who could act as Cardinal Sebastian. Petrus Antonius (General Rodriguez) was also a bad choice for a "police officer". It was so funny when they saw Elizondo and Petronius in General Rodriguez's office. They looked like two English or American students in the Spanish class who tried to speak Spanish. Unsuccessfully, of course. Castulo Guerra was better in his Spanish. The "Peruvian" officer, who announced to Cardinal Sebastian, also spoke quite funny Spanish. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just two of the many Peruvian actors) who could be an excellent way. 6. I admit that a fictional film may have a license to invent cities or even land. But when creating a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city shown in this movie should be called "Vicente" and not "Viciente". Vicente is a male name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with one user who says that this film was shot in places in Peru. No locality is Peruvian, although production is used on an exaggerated poster showing the "peruvian soda Inca Kola". Because of a few American films, this language must use some Latin country. After all, for American producers or directors, the Latin space is identical to any other Latin place. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Perú, he has arrived at the only international airport in Perú: Jorge Chávez Airport (in the capital Lima). Actually, I believe it must be any airport in the world, but Peruvian airport. And, of course, there are no military or police guards at Peruvian airports. 9. When John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, he has a fan and apparently does not have air conditioning. Please, this will not happen in any hotel in Perú (and other Latin countries) if you do not get 1 star hotel! 10. Rebels fighting the government are ... ¡Colombians! Their accent was undoubtedly from Colombia. For their production, the Peruvian actors must be hired by manufacturers. Just a few words would be cheaper to shoot in Perú. I could go on with other examples of this movie, which led me to give him a "1" (terrible) voice, but I fell asleep about 20 minutes from the beginning. But dear producers: It's not a tragedy: There are many worse movies with great mistakes. Just remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and indescribable Disney's "New Imperial Groove". The list of bad movies could be infinite ...
