The film gives a somewhat condensed version of what is contained in a book that if I can say that doing some research and investigating factual checks is largely a piece of fiction. In fact, there are no old scrolls, and if the author was hard pressed, I'm sure he will have to admit he never saw any scrolls in the ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "valuable" texts, written as anonymous, were destroyed by evil "hateful" rules in the church and local government. That's quite odd, because every year New Age fools - hundreds of books, dozens of movies - come out - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to be a hell of a tendency to destroy the movement that they probably see as me, the whole house. I am not a fan of the Church, you think, but at least the ancient texts on which they establish their faith are real. It is a typical pattern of cheaters and religious metallists who claim to have seen or translated ancient documents that were unfortunately destroyed by "evil" men or in the case of Joseph Smith, returned back to Heaven after being translated. Therefore, real texts can not be found in any museum, such as the Smithsonian, or in translations controlled by experts in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam. In a sense, I admire someone who is smart enough to come up with a great idea and make millions of it, but I could not do it myself because I do not have the urge to introduce the public with more New Age hokum. > <br /> Occasionally real old text finds hidden and lost for years. The Gospel of Genoa, the gnostic text, was discovered after the carbon dating and careful study of the text that experts considered authentic. The gospel of Judas was marked as a heretic round of 300. There are no church documents from that time that mention any Celestine prophecy as authentic, heretic or anything else. We are evolving to something-so true-but the optimism in Celestine prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy based on lies, as a castle built on the sand will collapse. The harsh, ugly, crowded, cruel world of Blade Runner is far more likely to be on the horizon than any Utopian Hippie community where love and peace are all! I tell people the truth, and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if it's pure piffle, and one can make millions. Celestine prophecy is what the world wants to hear. It's a pity that it's a castle built on the sand. Do not get me wrong. I wish God, Celestine Vision was a reality, it is not. No ancient philosophy has ever expressed the ideas given in the outlook with the modern concept of spiritual development that goes hand in hand with biological development. These New Age ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwininan Evolution became known. This means that the thoughts in Celestine prophecies can not be older than the 1800s C.E, and do not return to the early period of BCC or to the time of Jesus of Nazareth. This type of claim by New Agers is not uncommon at all. Wiccans declare their magic and witchcraft - the "old religion" returns to the Stone Age, when no book of shadows was actually known to Gerald Gardner, who lived in 1900 and was a friend of Aleister Crowley. New Age gurus say lies and claim that their thoughts are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients would make their noses to such absurdities that Gurus preaches today. Why are they doing what they do, such a scam? Simple: There are millions of dollars and the modern Guru gains power over its followers. They compete sharply and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their demands for love for all things. Each group of the New Age burning group is against others. It's a fight for your mind and wallet. But I learn from myself one thing that is in fact similar to one of the lessons, learning to follow your own instincts and seeking directions from within. I wholeheartedly agree with that.
