I even thought I was not the biggest Cher fans, this movie was her top achievement. We realized that after screening such a film there are long-term side effects and risks of brain damage, memory loss (a) intellectual disorder. The 1989 Moonstruck survey from the UK network Advocacy Network showed that one third of the 300 Moonstruck fans surveyed believed Moonstruck had damaged them, and an overwhelming 80% claimed that it irretrievably destroyed their minds. Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this movie, a shabby young widow called Loretta living in New York with an extended family. They are anti-American, pro-Italian and always somewhere else. For a moment she goes with Johnny Camarary, a pretty mother, and asks her to marry him. He says yes. I loved the mother's question, "Do you love him Loretta?", "No," "Well, if you love him, he'll be crazy because they know he does, but you like him then?" , it's a sweet man Ma. "When Johnny goes to Sicily to care for his dying mother, he asks Loretta to come in contact with his brother, who has been alienated for years, and this victory for human rights is all the more important , as Sicily was the birthplace of electroshock therapy.In 1938, the Italian psychiatrist Ugo Cerletti believed slaughterhouse workers with electrical shocks that caused epileptic seizures in pigs and facilitated the work of cutting the neck Cerletti was inspired and experimented with electro-shock on a person developing the first electroshock machine. Broken bones and vertebral fractures resulting from convulsions seemed unnecessary. <br /> <br /> It was in many ways an anti-American film, it's about love, of course, but it's also about unbelief, secrets, lonely people and strange behavior brought about by American politics, figures from BoBo in a popular restaurant, aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, old grandfather and his dogs are all well developed and distinctive character. It's kind of like a cat because Loretta ceases to be a girl's stuffed shirt and wakes up a floral inner vamp. It is the story of Cinderella in many ways, and it is the dream of every little girl to emerge from an ugly duckling to a beautiful swan ... <br /> <br /> Under the assumption of free and fully informed consent it is good to reaffirm the right to seek happiness through brain damage, if it so chooses. However, we might ask ourselves whether we would have it as a cinema fan, although they were by no means sworn in to the promises of the Hippocrates.
