That is right! Under 9 on average, but maybe up to 12 years for some more! I was 11 years old when I first saw the video and in such a youth I could not get a bad cartoon or the fact that the classic characters we all came to love are not the same or good to see. Almost everything is here 2D! Belle is, I agree, it's not even a beautiful but just looking woman with tanned skin, wearing the same bright blue dress all the way without any charming dress, Wardrobe tells me The least, unpleasant - my ears can bleed if I had to listen to her every day! Lumiere, both in the original and in the Christmas edition, was respectable and elegant, but here is a feminine, awkward swing! Cogsworth, despite being an inexhaustible housekeeper he's famous for, is a complete sh-t and the most unbearable figure I'd say! It seems he always finds it very difficult to open in this uncomfortable grid, and whose facial face should really be used to return to the unforgettable film in this series in time! The Poor, Poor Mrs. Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classical actresses), but Anne Rogers, who did not capture any of Mrs. Potts' character without insulting her! No, if she did the best! When the beast shouts, it sounds so terribly false, apparently no more roar, growl, or roar with the microphone. I'm aware that this is only a third feature after two more films, so of course it will not be that good, but I'm sure the bigger contribution would not hurt Disney artists who have actually achieved such remarkable styles of animation over the years. I think it's okay and sometimes I look at it only when it suits me. It's quite difficult to make recommendations for reading this because it depends on how old you are, but do not forget that it will not be what you can expect from previous spectacular movies! And I think that on my video about the text on the back of the envelope he said "boast a brilliant animation"! It's a nice little movie, but one thing is also very poor, and on the other, these words should be saved for the next re-edition of the original!
