SPOILER WARNING: There are some smaller spoilers in this overview. Do not read it for the first paragraph if you plan to see the movie. Disney Channel currently has the rule of how to upload a number of movies and view one month on a cable channel. Most of them are average and inconspicuous, they have some good elements, but they are still disappointing ("Phantom of the Megaplex," "Stepsister From Planet Weird," "Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century"). Once upon a time, they've been doing something really great (`Genius', 'The Other Me'). But once in a while Disney Channel makes a huge mistake and gives us a real smell. This month (December 2000) Disney Channel featured 'The Ultimate Christmas Present', which I thought was terrible because of bad writing and worse acting. It seems that "The Brainiacs.com" was thrown away a few days before Christmas to get on holiday because the conspiracy has to do with toys. They even paid for the function in the TV Guide, so I thought it must be better than the norm. I was a complete shock. Only Disney's `Model Behavior 'is worse than this. <br /> <br /> The plot was much wider than normal. I usually leave it, but it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler is very sick with his widow spending most of his time at work. His father owns a small toy factory that has earned large loans in a careful bank to stay on the surface. Again and again, his father must skip the plans he does with his son and daughter. Matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his father is when he becomes the boss and orders him to stay home. He got the idea of ​​hair to create a website where kids around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in the computer chip his sister invented. This whole concept is full of mistakes. When children send millions of dollars, Matthew opens a bank account of his own company and buys most of his father's shares. He's a secret boss, but he will not find out if his father learns, but instead he will introduce himself to the Board of Directors as a cartoon image on his computer. This image is so complicated (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, much less a person who encounters stupidity like Matthew. To make a long conspiracy short, Matthew ordered his father to spend more time having fun and doing things with his children, but a federal agent appears asking about Matthew because it is fraudulent. very bad. As mentioned, the things they do here are impossible even for true geniuses who are not children. The website, cartoon image, computer chip, and what is being taught at school are too advanced for these children. Most of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are useless. Dom DeLuise plays the bad banker, but his part is a bumper. She has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (who shows she has the ability to act), in which she explains her motives, but nothing more. And Rich Rich is in a relatively small role as a judge. There are even some insulting and unwanted anti-Russian jokes. The biggest atrocities, however, are a dark subject. These topics appear in many The Disney Channel films, but these ultra-conservative messages have never been so strong before. The typical idea of ​​supernatural parents is really hard pressed, and after seeing it in an inappropriate delivery in the "Final Christmas Gift", it sees the mood again deteriorating. Family relationships are important, but Disney has to stop this endless sermon, because work is also important for maintaining a functioning family. With the exception of work being canceled, my father did not get so bad, but I found it insulting when his grandmother said, "I do not like what I see." Equally bad is the preaching of the idea that all single parents must marry if they want to raise their children properly. Enter Alexander Paul, whose character, though important to the plot, is there solely for his father's affectionate interest. This offensive only proves that Disney's brain trust lacks the brains to avoid scratching from the bottom of Disney's barrel. Instead of teaching this movie to your children how to commit serious scams, wait for another Disney Channel movie. It must be better than this. Score Zantary: 1 out of 10.
