I did not know much about this movie before I watched him, but I heard it had something to do with quantum physics, so I was interested. What I did not know is that it's not really a story, but a lot of New Age pieces that love the sound of their own voice and talk about how little they know about basic quantum mechanics. I say it is more in the Documentary category than in Comedy or Drama. <br /> <br /> Marlee Matlin is in the film to give this New Age Symposium some sort of plot. Her parts of the film feel awkwardly attached and are meant to portray the speaker's thoughts so that we do not die from boredom. Matlin has a real job as a photographer, unlike the New Age hippie, who crumbles on the couch. We listen to nameless people who are interested in what quantum physics "means" to them. One light spot in this movie was a speaker from India (I suppose), but I think it turned out to be a bad movie. It seems that Barbara Eden really let go, and she goes on and how quantum science has something to do with her crazy beliefs in New Age. It looks like Quark from DS9 has low cash and is also short-lived in the movie. There are plenty of whisbang CGI that we should be amazed at; the cells in the body are depicted as dance forms of the jelly, because the filmmakers apparently have seen Flubber too many times. People in the movie say the Arawak people in San Salvador thought Columbus ship Pinta was invisible because the natives had never seen tinsmith ships before, as if people now had a way to get to know them. Of course, they omit all this information and simply say that "Columbus ships were invisible to Indians in America." The film has many such arrogant jumps. Thomas Young performed a double-slit experiment around 1805 and found that light could look like particles for some time and wave sometimes. Of course, you would never know to watch this silly movie because the only reference to it is that "atoms can be particles and waves". And this must mean that people can go through the walls, walk around the water, and never grow older if they simply wish the star! Then I'm sure Marlee Matlin will be deaf if she * * believed * hard enough. I'm sarcastic, but this movie is full of false hopes and the belief that people who support them really do not. They are the New Age kooks who have embraced quantum theory as if they reaffirm everything they believe in meditation, zero point energy, crystal healing, etc. If these snake oil traders really believed they were selling, they could not simply * want get your payoffs into existence, instead of appearing in this joke movie? We are listening to another unnamed man, without the authority we know, talking on the couch in front of the fireplace (or television screen) about how he creates his own life. Every time he was on the screen, he wanted someone to sink and throw the pie into his face. These people are too serious to behave. Some other bald man in a suit says nobody ever touches anything, because there is a magnetic force that prevents him from quantum level. If only someone went to the screen and held it in his stomach, she screamed, "I will not touch you, I will not touch you!" The moral relativist in the film claims that there really is "no such thing as good or bad." So is it okay that Hitler died millions of Jews to death? Another man says there is "no such thing as love". It's just a chemical, and people really did not, we're just dependent on the chemical hurry we have when we're around them. I suspect this guy is making this film a community service for being heroin-dependent for so many years. We are witnessing a truly pathetic succession when two young adults walk around a wedding reception, seeing everything like RoboCop. Evaluates whether women are cows, dogs, or foxes, and sexual status appears on the debris. Marlee Matlin gets drunk at the wedding to photograph, and the next day she decides to love herself and bathe herself because she's a beautiful and unique snowflake. I enjoyed it when the film said people often find evidence of their prejudices. Perhaps I can only see what I want to see in this review, but I wanted to see that these people get cakes in the face and never happened. If you have never heard of any of the ideas introduced in the movie before, you may consider them interesting, but here are better sources for all thoughts. If you want to watch a good movie that talks about Heisenberg's uncertainty, look at the man who was not there. If you want to read a good book on the theory of quantum fields, read HyperSpace from Michio Kaku. To see a movie that talks about different philosophies with imaginative visual visions, see Waking Life (although it may be boring, self-sufficient and demanding sometimes). Overall, you should go and read Quantum Psychology or Prometheus Rising by Robert Anton Wilson rather than waste time on this film. I normally find it very difficult to give the films a score of 1 to 10, but this was very easy for me: 1/10 Stars. <br /> <br /> The name of the movie is true. People from this movie do not know # $ *! Hands down, the worst movie I've ever seen.
