I agree with some other critics of this film. I have found that it is incredibly stupid (at best) and completely misleading, ill-informed and harmful (in the worst case). Like others, I considered this movie a terrible mix of "real" science and pseudosciences of New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist I was particularly offended by Candace Pert's contributions. It is true that I was not her fan of this film, but her discourse about cell consciousness was one of the best examples of a term ("consciousness") that has the most foreseeable meaning for most people and uses them in a distorted way that would present, not clarify. This is the old Orwellian mind - f ** k, which he himself described in his excellent essay "Politics and English Language". To refer to "consciousness" in this way - actually referring to this film as "science-based" in general (which is its clear intention) is to use the language in the same way as Stalin when he denoted his slave states "the Democratic Republic" and Hitler, when he called his party a "socialist workers' movement." I'm not saying I really understand quantum physics. I know enough to know that she really will understand that it will require a lot of study. Oh, but we Americans love "instant enlightenment," and that's what this film error is trying to achieve. If that were the case, it would be one thing, but it is clearly trying to ask and REPLY that no movie could do simply because we are far away from the answers (if they really exist). <br /> <By the way, ethically this film needed to reject responsibility for joining a few "expert commentators" with Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Knight, who often speaks in her "Ramtha" voice. (I am always surprised how this 10,000-year-old Atlanta superman understood the concepts and terminology of the 21st century, but this film claims that the past, present and future are all the same, so if Ramtha existed in Atlantis Ten thousand years ago I assume it could exist even now and tomorrow, but how did his financial counseling be so badly for his followers? Oh, I forgot that I was the creator of "good" and "bad" so that's all my fault, not Ramtha.) What a mess.
