Certainly not. Clear NO. This film is an absolute mug. When I was accompanied by a friend to "such things," I watched this film with some expectation that I was informed, changed, shifted, altered, and all the other positive mystical things that can happen to me when I suddenly see the Truth. Now it may seem like someone who is already destined to deal with anything that deals with the metaphysical, metaphysical / physical boundaries of existence. Believe me, I'm not such a person. I try to be open about each presentation and then decide accordingly. Regarding content, the only thing I found slightly interesting and informative was a bit about peptides, emotions, addictions, and cellular receptors. It was the only "unifying" element I found in the documentary section of this film. The rest of the documentary film touched on several themes, and seemed to unite and not slip, trying to bind and close. And what about all the native Americans could not see the ships Columbus had come to? Who told the "authorities" in this film that it was what happened in 1492? Where else? If they compare with the scientific work done in visual knowledge (the famous video gorillas, for example, to visit the Visual Cognition Lab at the University of Illinois), it could have been more convincing. Here, however, it seemed to be an underlying mystic mumbo-jumbo. Like a movie: it was not a movie, it was two. I found the documentary a little interesting just to hear how people talk about what they are talking about (I was angry that their credentials were not mentioned at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) But I found the "story" part of the film with Matlin in it annoying, disjointed, disturbing, unrelated, and obviously stupid. It was not funny just after the Polish wedding with that dance. It was ridiculous, ridiculous, sophomorous, and stupid. And I found the word "pollack" offensive. It seemed to be so bad and bad. Is this usage okay because a group member uses a pejorative term to refer to a group because it is a member of the group? That might be fine, but it did not seem to be here. And in any case, I do not care what the reason it offended me, Polak. I have never been called or referred to as "Pollack" on my ethnic background. And I certainly do not like it when others do it. Can I watch or listen to a distraught conversation in which this term is used? You are betcha! However, this does not seem to be the case. It seemed so completely out of the question. Unprovoked, undeniable. The performance of Elaine Hendrix was absolutely incredible. Sometimes she seemed to be reading the lines she had just given her. Marlee Matlin, for the most part, seemed to be sleeping through the whole thing. Perhaps the material is confused. I know I was. If she was to show a disillusioned leper prone to anxiety, he did not seem to click. But by far the worst in the world is Hendrix! Overall, I found it to be a disparate, poorly acting piece of clapper.
