Well, what can I say? "What we know about Bleep," has reached almost impossible - he left behind such masterpieces of the genre "The Postman", "The Dungeon Master", "Merlin" and so forth, it will be in history the worst film I've ever seen in full scale. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is really impressive because I've seen many bad movies. This masterpiece of modern cinema consists of two intertwined parts, alternating between a stupid and fanciful plot of an extremely annoying photographer, abandoned by husband and compelled to take antidepressants to survive, and plenty of conversations about how quantum physics allegedly justifies their modern pseudo-philosophy . Basically, if you start your day meditating like Enya and Kenny G, this movie is for you. If you have a sense of humor, a crowd of people who know how to have fun and a great deal of good weed, then this movie is for you as well. Otherwise, stay on. Take a word for it. <br /> <br /> The first thing that struck me about "What I Know What You Know" is that it seems to be edited and compiled by the same kind of people shooting cheap wedding cameras, complete with pink heart effects , computer-generated sparks on the screen, and other miserable nonsense. Who left these people near the theatrical release is a mystery to me. I think that's what Kenny G does to you. The film was released by the GCI, glad that you or I can produce on our own computer via over-the-counter video editing software, but never would, because it's just too ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The script was _obviously_ written by someone who does not have any writing experience. Not only that all the characters and conversations were cumbersome and conceived without conviction, but the "writers" felt as if they had to put any relevant information or rather misinformation about what most of the movie was, the throat. Because of the target audience it might not be too bad. The main character, for example, spends half of the popping pills movies. However, it does not seem to be convincing enough, so there are at least several dialogues in the whole context that specifically concern its anti-anxiety pills, and only if the viewers could not combine their exaggerated pain and the suffering of a small white pill , which he always takes when he feels down. Playing acting ... I've seen better acting in Ed Wood and no, it's not exaggerated. Hell, the little game I was in when I was twelve, was a much more inspiring acting than this. It really was. The story breaks over and over there with a bunch of random headers, a strange mixture of cow scientists, coworkers, and self-proclaimed mystics, continuing on and on how quantum physics supposedly provides an "explanation" of how a person or woman has created her own reality by participating in the experience of life. The fact, as you can see, is a likely field of many different options and is only set to stone as soon as the observer has chosen it. What happens when more observers say they did not say, but then again, who cares about it. Listen to Enya, meditate, observe and be God and no one is damned about such stupid and archaic things as critical thinking, logic, etc. All reason is instantly rejected as people who are stuck in their paths and unable to achieve a "paradigm shift "and" go down on the rabbit hole ". Moreover, the principle of uncertainty in Heidelberg is likely to prove positive for alternative reality, parallel universes, and so on. When we talk about rabbit holes, the analogy penetrates the film. All of these people still talk about going into the holes. I'm not sure what this is about to do with anything they say or show, but one thing I'm sure about is that it's somehow related to anal sex. The film is really against sex. All the time, sex is presented as dirty, ugly and pro-luminous. In any case, the talking speaker speaks, the main character achieves harmony and enlightenment by painting hearts all over the body with a magical mark, and continues to walk around with even a silly glance in her glazed eyes before she started with. I want 2 hours of my life back. Here is a few random quotes that I remember: <br /> <br /> "What I think is unreal, has become much more real to me, and what I thought was real is often much less real than unreal . " - Someone talks about the spirituality of quantum physics. "What does it mean that one man has an erection? It has just one thought, and he still has an erection" - Some self-styled mystics, leading his own school of enlightenment. <br /> <br /> [while looking in the mirror] "I hate you, I hate you, you are ugly!" The main character, a fat and ugly photographer.
