The filmmakers appear to have problems deciding what their message really is. As a result, they had even more problems. We began misinterpreting the principles of quantum physics that concern sub-atomic particles. After introducing the fuzzy images of Heisenberg's principle of uncertainty, they introduced a barrage of talking heads who built a case of ridiculous logic that suggests that every living person is an entity that follows the same quantum rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about the thoughts that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins made their careers: positive thinking, interruption of bad samples, always looking at the bright side, and so on. Also, how our brain can transform our body into protein production: we will more or less choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. It's so simple, is not it? Among our lessons, we meet the fictional life of Amanda, a photographer who discovers antidepressants and hates thighs. The filmmakers slowly but surely tried to get us all to say, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can not he be cheerful? Obviously this is because the world is a bad place where crime and poverty and religion are, that's why. The conclusion of the film (which is basically the other half) has brought a barrage of contradictions. We are all part of the whole energy where we are not beings but collective consciousness but we are individuals who can change the world but there are many of each of us due to all different dimensions but we can choose who we are and we have the intention to do good but there is no god, because there is nothing better than us, so there is nothing right and wrong, so there is no reward or punishment, so no good ever came out of religion, but we should do good even though there is no such a thing as bad and good, because no one can decide what it is except for the fact that each of us can do a good life if we meditate and then stop the crime and when we say nice things our water will freeze into pretty shapes . Still with me? Good, because it's more. According to Robert L. Park, in his book "Voodoo Science", the entire meditation experiment that John Hagelin performed in Washington DC as a meditation, a fraction, a number was made and the rate of murder was higher than that year. And what does your positive attitude keep you young and healthy? This was the message from an older man who looked at his age and a woman who was overweight. So it all works, is not it? I was lucky to see a movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of three film directors (yes, three), looked at the questions after the show. I say I'm happy because I had a first-hand confirmation that these people do not know what they are talking about. Several questions asked by the listeners made her so concerned that her husband, a chiropractor, had to come in and give a response. Finally, I had to leave when the debate inevitably turned into a political one and everyone, including Mrs. Chasse, began to speculate how great the world would be if only President Bush saw it.
