As a student of physics, I was aware of many idiot professors and other so-called field experts. When I continue studying, I learn more about real experiments in physics and those who do the right things. Then my friends tell me about this film about physics, I want to see. I'm excited, I hope the information will be well presented. I did a real quantum mechanic; it was not. <br /> <br /> This movie begins with the basic premise that everything that happens to subatomic particles can and can occur when you open your eyes. We only think about it for a moment. Our bodies consist of approximately 10 to 30 such subatomic particles. That's a million billion billions of particles! More "mysterious" quantum effects of just two particles can have a 50% probability of complete cancellation. As you add more and more particles to the mix, it is almost impossible to have a large net quantum result. Tell us that we think it's a valid assumption without rationality ... it's just stupid. My friend, also in physics, and I counted 3 facts during this film. But they were presented in the most misleading way I've ever seen. I can not say so much about the neural part of the film because I did not have any medical lessons. It seemed like it might have a little more truth, remembering my days in biology, but I can not say. At least this film had redemption: dance peptides (or whatever else in fact were) a scene. I do not want to destroy the invaluable plot of the movie, but the main character goes to the wedding where all the different types of personality see their "controlled" peptides *, and then the film is shot on a dance floor where we are tangled among people dancing, sometimes surrounded by CG peptides and full CG scene filled with dance peptides. The movie was trying to explain how we were "emotionally dependent" at this time, so we were dealing with the full moon of the "Addicted to Love" smash hit. <br /> <br /> This scene was redeemed because anyone could go through this scene and still get this movie seriously ... well, you are the one who needs to "open eyes".
