I had a lot of problems with this movie. It contains some basic factual information regarding quantum mechanics, which is fine. Although quantum physics has been more than 50 years old, the film presents this information in a grandiose way that seems to say: "You are not just thrown out this way!" Not so completely. This is no longer a devastating revelation. In any case, I have already learned about quantum theory and the fact that particles have to be described by wave equations, etc. It is not new. The main problem I have with this film is the way these people use quantum theory as a way to provide a scientific basis for mysticism and spirituality. I have no serious problem with mysticism and spirituality, but quantum mechanics has nothing to do with these things and should be separated. The people they spoke to begin with the ideas of quantum theory and then try to say that simply by thinking about something that can change the affair around you, we should positively think about positively impacting the world and improving our lives. The rationale is totally absurd, and the conclusions logically do not stem from quantum theory. Every so-called "expert" who talked about this film, there are, in theory, many physicists who would totally disagree. They would rightly point out that the unpredictability of the subatomic world does not support the mystical concepts of our spiritual continuity. It cancels out that people will see this film and survive it completely because it leaves them a pleasant positive feeling. The main feature of the film is based on the complete misinterpretation of quantum theory and is equally wrong in its consideration as any attempt to justify organized religions with similar pseudo-scientific arguments. <br /> <br /> Avoid this movie. <br /> <br /> Yeah yeah. At one point, one of the "experts" says that because history has made most of the assumptions that people have done about the world prove to be untrue, then the assumptions that we currently have about the world are also likely to be fake. Huh? It does not follow. And even if he did, I do not see how his argument helps. If his thoughts have become normal assumptions, I think we should assume that they are also false on the basis of their own thinking.
