I do not know anything about the earlier work of a writer or director, so I did not bring the film any prejudices. Based on a brief description of the TV Guide's plot, I thought it might be interesting. But the overlookedness was staggered into improbability. Each turn of the conspiracy seemed to be an excuse to go into further bloodshed, terrible makeup or special effects. The score was professional and Kari Wuhrer looks like a decent actress, but the rest was more than disappointing. It was a positive repulsion. They will not go through the narrative, but I will give an example of what I think is like a surplus of an explicit gore. <br /> <br /> Chris McKenna goes to an isolated ranch house and pulls the frozen body of his older victim (Wendt) from deep freezing. McKenna killed Wendt by pulling a piece out of his neck. Now he feels he must destroy the evidence of his involvement in Wendt's death. (What are the police doing, is his radius measured?) McKenna undoes Wendt's head, and his throat from the freezing bag in it takes the ax and begins to cut off Wendt's head. Wound. Wound. Wound. Wendt's neck will save his ax. The air is filled with nuggets of flying frozen meat, one of which falls on McKenny's head. (McKenna pulls off when it's over.) McKenna then takes his frozen head out into the small fire he put up. He sits on the ground, climbs beside her, takes pictures of the woman she's just killed and shows Wendt's head. "Do you remember her? We could really do it if it was not for you," he says. "Duke, you always enjoyed the fire, did not you?" he asks. Then he puts his head on fire. We've found that we are burning, but we can hear the fat in the flame. I do not want this garbage censored. I'm just wondering who likes these things. <br /> <br /> There is no reason to continue the rest of the movie. Well, I will mention one example of "unattainability" because I brought this idea. McKenna was kidnapped and locked in a dark bare hut. He knows he will be in the middle of the next few days. (It's literally invited to do it.) What would you do in this situation of Poe's likeness? Here's what McKenna does, what can be the last night of his life. He finds a discarded calendar with a pin-up girl on it and masturbates (successfully). Give him the Medal of Freedom! <br /> <br /> Monster, which looks like Pizza the Hut, is worthy of some unnecessary flashes. The camera is often hand held and shaken. The dialogue has a series like: "Life is a piece with *** or is the best of all possible worlds, it depends on your view." A wide-angle lens is used that changes the common faces to gargoyle masks. The house explodes in an explosive fireball at the end, while the hero, McKenna, goes to the foreground. He's also a hero. He first kills a man for $ 13,000 by throwing a heavy statue over his head several times, then planting in a pot until he finally lowered the fridge to his body. (That makes him annoyed but not enough to keep him from paying for it.) Then I hope I have the order and kill Wendt by pulling some of his neck. He then kills his first victim's wife by accident and accuses him of being tough, although almost no moral count has anything to do with it. He also slept his head honcho (Baldwin) alive. After disabling two smaller places, they deliberately throw them away, though one is not entirely incomprehensible. And we should be rooted for McKenna. They are not a death caricature like those in Dirty Harry - bang bang and you are dead. These are slow and painful. The first - a $ 13,000 murder - is done clumsily to remind you of what can happen in real life. It is not really easy to kill another human being, as Hitchcock showed in the Torn Curtain. But this scene does not make any difference. Some people can enjoy it, especially those who are young enough to think that pain and death are things that happen only in movies. Some simple things on the screen.
