It was a dirty movie that did not make sense, and too many free ends are counted. I watched this movie just because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) appeared in the camera and I continued to watch it because I love a movie that contains nudity for change as a girl. Later I found out that I was only interested in how weird the story could get, and every time I got it ... more ... ridiculous. Sean Crawley (a good-looking Chris L. McKenna I never saw before, but loved his little boring scene) when he meets a painter when he meets electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt of "Cheers"). Thinking that he gains more work from the Duke, Sean agrees to meet with supplier Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, playing stereotypically bad guys). Ray investigates the accountant at the City Hall (Ron Livingston in a portrait that I fell in love with from "Office Space" to "Sex & the City"). Ray eventually offers seemingly desperate-for-money Sean $ 13k to kill the accountant, and Sean accepts the job. Sean robbed the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) finds himself in love, finishes the hit, and leaves - with him she took a set of information against Ray. Sean quickly learns that it is used that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the file as a lever to get his money. Until this moment it's a knock on the descent ... it's generally worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and their crew kidnapped Sean to sink information about him, it was simply stupid and stupid (and even DUMBER ...) until he eventually looked like a Charlie Higson writer, jumped out of a ten-day hangover, and realized he desperately needs to find out how to pack a series of unpredictable messes he created before the deadline or so. Without simply describing a movie, we will say that in every scene you watch after kidnapping you will find that you are looking at "what is K **!" Confused by the fact that Sean is watching a rather graphic and rough way to redemption. Finally, there will be so many free endings in the movie that you will regret that you have even watched it. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that you should watch only after it falls on the cable and you should have enough beers and friends around to mock the movie so it's full. It has to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to get a movie when you have the Cheers standard, and Brother Baldwin does a dirty job and a kidnapping strategy that really does not make any damn sense. Boys will love scenes of violence, blood and intestines, and absolutely unnecessary sexual scenes and boob shots. The girls will have beautiful Sean's free crotch crotch in the mainstream of the film, with almost all the girls who get rid of the movie. Personally, I hate the only actor watching more than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is only in the first third of the movie.
