Eight Academy Awards? It is more than faith. I can only think it was a very bad year - even according to Hollywood standards. With Huston as a director and Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner, as I'd guess, I'd probably have flooded the bait and watched it the same, but Oscar nominations really sold me and, as a result, I feel clearly cheated. <br /> <br /> So it's a black comedy? Can anyone tell me where humor is in Prizzi's honor? It's certainly no taste (filming in the head of a policeman's wife is another supposedly comic interlude in this intended fracture about the mafia's life) but except for the joke about "your favorite Mexican cigars" (which I think is an old joke for Americans who have been officially forbidden to buy something of Cuban origin over the past 50 years) I did not do anything that would be comic - and I tried it. There are a lot of Mafia clichés, but the cliche in my book is not humor. Is it a romantic comedy? Never. The characters and their relationships are so incredibly amazing that they are on the same level as Ben Afleck and Jennifer Lopez at Gigli. Is this a cleverly conceived mafia parody? Not a million years. This plot is rather absurdly absurd than comically absurd, and usually feels like a really bad (and cheap) film mafia. It feels more honor than parody. One-dimensional characters and little in the way of humor that is written for them leave the actors with minor accents and pulling their faces. It is not enough; Even when the face is pulled out of the face of a comic expression of the face, Jack Nicholson (supplemented with a puffy upper lip) is now a parody of Brando's padded iodine in The Godfather? it's not funny.) Throwing in a slow, fertile direction (this movie stretches for 2 hours), some hopelessly messy and cliché dialogue like; "Do you remember Camor? We're much bigger, we'll follow you wherever you go," and the manicure cliché, and you'll try a quick forward button before you can call "capiche?". Prizzi's honor is far from being Huston's "masterpiece", and he's rather a very poor job. It's definitely one job in a great director's canon that should get a concrete cloak and throw it into the Hudson River.
