Oh, how we have a mistake here; the film so bad that your mind will be surprised and go away to other things because it loses your time with the brain with disturbingly poor production values; the character of stereotypes of the worst and racist species, since D.W. Griffith referred to the Chinese character in Broken Blossoms as a "yellow man"; characters so unbounded and uninterested that it's hard to watch the narrative that is filming so slowly, stupidly and unnecessarily that you will question those people who say they like the movie. <br /> <br /> Prize's honor is a film that ends in every way an absolute postmodern disaster. The film is a dirty and pointless disaster that director John Huston has; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson stare and everyone else fills the gap either as silly stereotypes or supporting characters who cry over the phone over and over or quarrel with the main character. Prizzi's honor is a movie that falls into the genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, gangster and total crime? this connection with his director and occupation should be enough to propel him with a story; some kind of series of good scenes; some intelligence in the form of a script or something else, but not? what we have is a nasty and ugly film that turns nothing at all. I'll give some examples of how horrifying this horror movie is. First, the film thinks it's a love story, and it's about an hour of your time: MY TIME. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a murderer who kills people for the family in which he works in New York, yet reminds his character of "One To Fly Over the Cuckoo's Nest" more than an international hit-man. He meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), who is another killer and they hit her, but as the wrong excuse for plot is played, everything seems to be wrong. I read that the plot of this film is: "A professional hit man and hit woman fall in love just to find out that everyone has been hired to kill the other." Well, yes, that's true, but true revelation does not happen for more than twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as someone with IQ 60: walking around; seemingly doing observation and talking loudly about the things they see; does he speak as if he's drunk, or does he have a more serious problem from within, and worse than all, that we never feel he's a murderer? One really badly shot the assassination at the beginning (this is actually going off the screen) is not enough to suggest that this guy is heavy, the best of the best, international hits. So with the main character who is unrealistic and unrealistic, we'll move into the script. The first hour and a half is just a kinematic dead zone with what can be implied by the traces of life with bad conventions: Partanna goes on the phone or personally asks the same thing again and again: "Do I marry her?" I love her? is it love? "What do I do? and so repeats, she is not able to act like a good humor, doubling it as she sometimes seems to be talking to someone: a girl named Maerose Prizzi (Huston) played by her daughter of director Jan, which made no sense at all for this sense, and there seemed to be a laugh as well as a scene in which she tells her father how she slept with Partana and loved her, what I thought was funny? The film felt like a smart mafia with their introductory wedding scenes (and The Godfather) and subsequent scenes with a touch of noir like gangsters, cops and killers were introduced in the film But what we have is something very, very Dru the hour is spinning around some abduction plot, right, love and romance are dealt with? maybe the movie starts. I was so bad: with more characters, who are still talking in a very slow and very deliberately monotonous way, we have a kidnapping scene involving a guy who came out of the office: this scene summarizes the movie. Everything is briefly scheduled and then done in a heavy, handsome and silly way that looks like cheese. We do not want to see them coming to some dramatic music; maybe they must get to safety to get to the elevator; perhaps they have to be cautious civilians when they hide in their chosen places and when a casual woman gets out of the elevator and the shot appears? the scene is not edited correctly. Some tension, some drama: "Shoot or not?"; maybe some slow motion, because the character has to draw quickly before it's too late? nothing other than how it was actually done. Prizzi's honor continues his monotonous and uninteresting film forgetfulness as he approaches his climax. It's a movie where the cameras are reflecting windows; the lights are reflected in the vehicle's sides and the "dead" drivers flash when they jump. Prizzi's honor is a confused and chaotic movie that tries the patients of any movie and does not say it was a comedy because I did not die with it? AT is another thing. The film is repetitive, exhausted and colorless in its vision and space of originality - there is no honor.
