After seeing MIDNIGHT OFFERS, I am still convinced that the first decent film about (adolescent) wizards still needs to be done. I thought power from CRAFT and I'm not even in CHARMED. The only film I enjoyed more or less (adolescent witches) was LITTLE WITCHES (1996), and even he was not very good. The changes are, however, that if you enjoyed all the above films, you will also enjoy MIDNIGHT offers. <br /> <br /> I was expecting a silly and cheerful 80s movie about adolescent witches in high school. But I was surprised that this whole film is rather serious. The game is decent and serious all the time. The creators play no jokes or anything. And a musical score, first I thought it was pretty good. He added some scariness and something "elegant," with the use of violating violins and everything. But as the film progressed, I came to the conclusion that the score was too ambitious. They did not have to add those violins when you just see someone back up the car and then go at normal speed. Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, which was the main reason why I saw this movie. A few weeks ago I saw her at HAPPY BIRTHDAY ME ME, a rather pleasant, dense film slasher-film that he made in the same year as MIDNIGHT OFFERINGS. And I must say she was very good as the cold cold bad witch Vivian. But the main problem with the film is that almost nothing happens! Vivian causes death and an accident, yes, but it is. Then there's Robin, a good witch who just learns about her strength. And we expect these two to use their powers more than once, but on one occasion they use their powers to fly the air like projectiles from wood and other objects. Was it a fight between two powerful witches? Worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular show among the witches at the end of the film, at least with some special effects, fiery eyes or whatever ... but nothing happens. At the end there is some confrontation, but it is a great disappointment. So two witches were good. The musical score was decent (though too ambitious). And cinematography was rather dark and moody at times. But it's not a good movie yet, is it?
