As is often the case, movies about suicidal characters usually do not make a good drama. "Downloading Nancy" is no exception. It is probably based on a true story about a woman who is murdered at her own request by someone she meets over the Internet. The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello), who married Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who developed a golf game that he successfully sold in various bars and restaurants. Unlike most people, Albert has practically no positive attributes (except for his ability to be successful in the business world). Throughout the film, Albert's face is an angry and quiet expression. He has no sympathy with his wife, with all her emotional problems and centers for patronage prostitutes. When his wife asks for sex, she punishes her by masturbating in her presence instead. Nancy is the same name as the character. Not only did she have a carefree 15-year marriage, but she was sexually abused by her uncle when she grew up (fortunately there are no flashes in the movie). Her self-harm has the form of self-mutilation and the result, she is forced into therapy. However, she has such contempt for her therapist that no progress can be made. Eventually, Nancy is so depressed she is contacting Louis over the Internet. It's a sadomasochistic gigolo who has sex with women for money while causing a great deal of pain. It is obvious that Louis has two children, but he does not see them anymore (the mother of children no longer wants to have anything to do with him). Nancy plans to have a painful sex first with Louis and then let him kill him. There is a particularly unpleasant scene where Louis has sex with Nancy while cutting her vaginal area with broken glass. These scenes are depicted as memories after Louis visited Alberta, joining him and hitting him with a golf club. It seems Louis has a double plan to go see Albert: 1) berate him for his Nancy treatment and 2) enjoy the beating he accepts. Does it take a while before Louis reveals Nancy's destiny? He first forced Albert to give him a favor so his dog would become a relative to care for him in the future. Nancy is, of course, the end that Louis eventually ended in choking to death (but first he showed some hesitation when he clearly stated that he had some "feelings" for her). Soon we learn that Louis is imprisoned for Nancy's murder. What exactly are we going to take away from the movie, like downloading Nancy? Should we apologize for the victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is that the main point of the movie? Is she sympathetic to what Nancy really guaranteed? I think yes. Movie writers create a straw man in the character of Albert - someone who is so cut off from his emotions that he is the one responsible for Nancy's fall. But are people in real life so one-dimensional? I think not. They have repulsive Ludwig, the man who nourishes the pain, Albert comes and takes away because he neglects Nancy. Moreover, his expression of love for Nancy (before he kills her) is to show her "sensitive side". Finally, it is very important whether the filmmakers have defined where their sympathies lie different characters in the movie. They are so determined to irritate their audience with scenes of ruthless violence that Downloading Nancy will become nothing more than a practice of bad taste and soft pornography.
