There is nothing original about this story about corruption departments on the one hand and the "Chief Advocate" on the other. Clear, but non-imaginary lighting and photographs come from a cycle with a knife. The story could easily come from the Warner Brothers drawer with George Rafte at the head. Outputs are routine, flat and even set-up. (The alley is represented by a single gypsum wall of simulated brick that is wearing a poster, the poster says: "Post No Bills.") We bring the story and some characters with a sharp narrator that informs us that while most unions are working hard and earnestly to strengthen the causes of their members are a few corrupt. But we do not really know about the volumes or the way they work, although I suppose that after a successful success, "On the Quay" a few years ago was a fair play. Here are just the pins they are talking about. The real leader of the circle is the excluded lawyer who controls things with three or four turtles. The District Attorney (or whatever it is) finds out, as Dana Andrews did in "Boomerang" that a bad man (Dick Foran) is accused of murder, and spends the rest of the film almost alone, digging evidence of Foran's innocence. He gets into fist fighting and shoots like a cheap movie private eye. Brian Keith is D.A. He showed some insinuating talents elsewhere, but here he spends most of the time silently looking at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a nice rummy but can not get drunk well. Beverley Garland is all right, but it's undermined by the direction he has in the nightclub when it's supposed to be reassuring. The remaining part would be suitable for a TV series. And no one is helping them write. When "Girl B" is about to deliver the mob to the Philippines, someone advises her that she has to learn a few words of Spanish. "I know only one word," he says, "Si." Writers did not trust the audience to know that "se" in Spanish means "yes". The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witness in her apartment over the nightclub. He enters the door and has his weapon stuck in his back, but overcomes the heavy and knocks. Then he orders someone who calls the police. The rest of the scene that happens somewhere in the nightclub is forgotten by the police and will never appear or no one expected. It's nothing to be ashamed of, and some people can enjoy it, but similar things can be done better elsewhere.
