A group of hunters portrays a werewolf, kills it, exploits it, and then sells his head to an unethical doctor, Atwill (starring director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in corneal transplantation. Research scientist Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when the oxide floated in his face during a laboratory explosion, is an unfortunate recipient of the werewolf's eyewolves. It takes a while before we get to the first full moon, so first we get a nice story between Riche and his sympathetic sister Sondra Garde (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate to tear off his garment and start riding Rich in bed before he even has the chance to get the bandages! After a month in the hospital, Rich returns home to the icy wife Rita (Deborah Huber), who immediately tells him, "You look pretty ugly" before speeding up in your Kia. Our hero soon finds out that Rita is not just a bitch, but an adulteress who deals with her girlfriend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rises and the rich finds himself in a furry situation when he transforms himself into a (very silly-looking) werewolf creature. Predictable bloodshed follows. After Craig kicks his throat on the beach, Rich wakes up in the morning in a brush with torn and vague memories of evening events. He is involved with the dwarf psychic / occult expert Andros (Kurt Levi) and is the throwing both by local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and Justine Evers (Tarri Markel), a detective of lesbian police detectives. When Rich encounters Dr. Atwilla, the doctor sends out his sadistic silk Kass (Eric Mestressat), who kicks him out of the broken corpses with a machete in the clinic. With the help of Sondra, Rich is able to escape. Sondra takes him back to his place and basically rape him on a sofa during a long sex scene that takes about five minutes. Will Rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a cure for it before he takes more casualties? <br /> <br /> The film with the camcorder is inexpensive, this home-made werewolf has a somewhat unique assumption with the angle of view of the eye's transplant, but after cliché clichés out of cliché. Sets are inferior to porn - Clinical scenes seem to have been shot inside someone's home or apartment. The wolf transformation scenes do not look as good as the time-limited photographs used back in the 1940s. Instead, they use battered adjustments. You're throwing a couple in the actor. Shear. It suits something more. Shear. More fur ... and fill a mouth full of white gun that can spit. Shear. Do not worry about continuity! There is no fade, no dissolve, nothing. It's pretty careless. Once fully transformed, the werewolf costume (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and filmed) is quite terrible. It has red, glowing Christmas bulbs, a skin that looks like a carpet and a plastic face that's almost totally motionless. Is the cameraman's fingers seen several times in front of the camera lens and the moon really stays full five nights behind? In terms of casting, they are amateur but acceptable. And when it comes to B horror, there's even worse. This game is quite good, it is only 70 minutes long and provides a lot of red stuff during the hit scenes as well as the above-mentioned T & A by Mrs Beaton. Produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to embark on a wave of digital video when he first began to dominate the low-budget / independent horror genre scene in the mid-1990s. Many of his notoriously terrible productions have been released by Brain Damage Films, a label largely avoided as a plague. FX guy Jeff Leroy (who is featured as co-author of directing here in IMDb, but not in the films real credits) and Vinnie Bilancio (who appears in a small role as one of the hunters) went on to make it much more fun and polished in 2006 WEREWOLF WOMAN TOWER, which had a similar look on the screen (red glowing eyes and all).
