Edwin Porter's 1903 short film "The Big Train Robbery" explodes on a screen with such excitement and ingenuity that one is preparing to be blown away by another pioneering film. Like Melissa's "Trip to the Moon," critics considered this as a film that introduced the Western genre into modern cinematography. In my eyes, they were right. Was it all from planning, the real shouting of the train, the murder of an unwanted civilian, and this dreadful last scene that made you realize that these thieves are business? it was all monumental for your time. From here to Eastwood, each western creator used Porter's image in some form to create his own story. You can not say that this film did not open the door, but the fight comes from the story itself. Was the genre defined by the Porte, but beyond its initial excitement? there really is nothing to do with it. Maybe I'm the clumsy cliché of modern Westerns and their casual messages, but how can there be a cliché before they are clichés? For me, "The Big Train Robbery" seemed forced, inaccessible, and unlikely. Unlike Melies Porter, he tells a very linear story. The Lupiers change the direction of the train, remove them and then shoot at random people just to prove they are real villains, and the final scene ends up like any predetermined film, without any surprises or defects, and that a menacing man with a rifle in your proverbial face. It's insignificant. Porter's movie is boring. In the edition I watched, color was added to the end to emphasize emotions that felt cheap and not encouraging for both the filmmaker and the viewer. The problem remains that while it is important, Porter's movie was borrowed again and again, actually diluted. The story itself carries the emotional hall it once had. Unlike the early Melies movie, I can not watch it anymore. I know what happened, I know there's very little behind the scenes, and in the end it's just what's supposed to be? a simple story that goes from point A to point B to point C. This question is not only my problem with this film but also the most powerful element that can be seen in such an early film. While it was boring, the fact that she so much told it? "that our characters were characters with motives and drives, it was great to see." At times when it seemed that movies that did not appear to be the main streams, again, not to jump on the prophetic bandwagon about this film - is it an important movie? it's just not a great movie Overall, I wanted to jump into this film to find out where the roots of the western genre were planted, but I was just as happy to leave this movie. "Porter is a talented director, and GM Anderson apparently continued to be very successful in the I did not expect big budget effects like Melies, nor did I expect a duplicate "Trip to the Moon," but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and originality I felt Porter played it safe if it could be said so early, but I did not feel excited when our villains did their bad deeds I did not go for someone and finally The conclusion was that the kitsch was lost a few minutes after the film was launched, but it was pioneering, but not monumental. "Big Train Robbery" has lost its space in the time band of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Stage: ** from *****
