SPOILERS (although no one who was unveiled in the first two minutes of the movie) Robin Williams is actually quite good in this as a friendly, lonely, emotionally stingy loser Sy. He makes a very human, even sympathetic psycho, and really disappears into character - no little performance for such a recognizable artist. <br /> <br /> It is a shame that the rest of the film is such waste. Supporting performances (and artists) would not look out of the place in soft-core porn (it does not help every character but Sy is made of 100% cardboard). Sometimes the director seems to be trying to frustrate the tension: we know from the first moments a) that Sy is a complete murder, b) that he survives, and c) the cops are over. So everything that remains to be considered is what is happening and the answers available are not interesting. The story is fruitful and fanciful and contains some nonsensical moments (for example, Wife takes his wife for her precious tastes even though she seems to spend her free time at a local supermarket at a discount). Approximately two-thirds of the Sy's path makes something so stupid that one wonders how much he really cares about his great vengeance. And the final explanation of his psychosis, just like "Peeping Tom," is a terrible exhaustion. Dialogue is absolutely the worst. It is not overwritten, or awkward, or unbelievable, or bad in any other way that could be considered fun, even for lovers of bad movies. Instead, every line is pure, breathtakingly functional - it's as if the director handed the newspaper copywriter the outline of the drawings and said, "Hey, I need for this working scenario - in an hour." I wanted to scream, honestly. This film seems to be a return to suburban attentive thrillers from the 1980s and 1990s ("The Hand That Rocks the Cradle", for example). , and though it's definitely unpleasant, it's never scary. Raw fetishism occasionally makes you feel uncomfortable, but it's not enough to make the movie work. Finally, the lack of craft work from all those involved, with the exception of Robin Williams, is declining. 3 out of 10.
