Cartoon Network seems desperate for the rating. Beginning with the abolition of the Samurai Jack, it seemed that it seemed that it seemed that it seemed to be really popular, such as Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When the rating began to decline, the average shows. Although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder stand out because of their smart writing and audience-friendly tricks, there are plenty of other performances that either terrible remakes (George of the Jungle) or rip offs of other shows such as The Amazing Fadjack Misadventures where the title character it works just like Spongebob, and then it's Johnny Test, something that replaces Dexter's lab, though it's a lot more than anything. <br /> <br /> The show's characters are clearly derived from Dexter's lab, only this time it focuses on Johnny's blond (or fiery) figure that tortured her twins, Susan and Mary, who just seemed to look the same as Dexter , from orange hair to glasses, impossible technology. There is even an opponent genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene, who seems to be sitting in Mandarka. Then there's Dookie, the best Johnny's friend and spokesman, one of Dexter ... I mean, Susan and Mary are early experiments. The Dexter Laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on TV with its simple but effective artistic style, a nice character and episodes that do not seem to be a long pull. Johnny Test is a lot different. The artistic style here is not so charming. In fact, it looks absolutely awful. Characters have motivation that makes them really annoying or repulsive. Like most episodes of the series, Johnny and Dookie are involved in confusion about the neighboring girl Sissy Johnny secretly likes, or the twin obsession over a man next to each other. When you see these two geniuses, they are losing sight of the abs and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you DO NOT want to associate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and the characters. Heavily abused in his name is that Johnny is Susan and Mary the guinea pig for their experiments. These move from the reversal of Johnny's fat, ugly, monstrous and even into a woman. Twins then help Johnny in any plan he plans for his services. Whenever an episode of "win / win" agreement is concerned, it usually turns out to be the case, and it seems that those that do not come completely out of the rails will never end satisfactorily. Writing ranges from average to horrible, however. The fat episode is constantly repeating: "It's Phat with PH. It's a difference, you know." which is a series that should never be repeated, especially when this episode PROMOTE child obesity seems to become the famous star with money and video games just by becoming fat. <br /> <br /> Tear Off Dexter's Lab. The show fits in lots of characters, from two black men named Mr Black and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all of his problems solved by Johnny and his sisters and lots of bad guys, even though the show again steals ideas for others resources such as Mr. Freeze teens clone, a bad cat with a valet who wants cats to control a human (like a evil-talking cat from Powerpuff Girls), a sad maniac, a trio of sinister thieves and even Mole Man, who is probably the most cliché villain in the media. At the top of everything, along with his ugly animations and unlike characters, voice acting is either (just like the voices for Mr. Black and Mr. White) just plain ear splitting (Johnny, Dookie, and almost every thief in the show). The theme song is the only catchy thing for this show, but it was only a few episodes with a band that destroyed it. <br /> <br /> So finally Johnny Test is not a good cartoon fairy tale. His terrible references and jokes about teenage culture disintegrate the interest of the little child on the show, while her bright color, tear-off characters and drawn episodes destroy the teen experience. It's just another of those dirty performances that Cartoon Network is over-propagating to excite people to watch them (like MTV to rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your children for half an hour, you'd better keep Spongebob, because Johnny Test is more of a "test" of patience than anything else.
