How can you judge by my rating and my title of this review that I do not like Johnny Test. Now I think I know what people say, "How do you know how bad it is, have you ever watched it?" I watched this show a couple of times because I'm studying film and animation, and that simply does not mean to keep a candle to my standards. I want to talk about the animation for the first time because it's one of the most confused things I've ever seen. Just like the first two seasons or only the first season, she had a hand-drawn animation. I thought it was a nice show I looked at when it was hand drawn, but then it turned into flash animation and the quality dropped by a large amount. So that's one strike in the eyes, but look at the story of the show. They try to be too hard to be like Dexter's lab, but there are differences, because there are two, and both women, instead of one red-headed scientist. There is a dog spokesperson (why?) And the attitudes of parents are somewhat changed. I have others, but I do not think I can write them here (I do not mean a curse, but I mean, I do not know if there is a word limit). Everything else, even when it's right, even DeeDee's character Johnny himself. Just trying to be so hard to be Dexter, but it seems like a heartless knockout. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to talk about jokes. Do you remember in Dexter's lab that some jokes were screaming? Yes, the screaming may be good for one joke or two, but Dexter's lab also had shameful reminders that forced me to come back and check for a joke. Johnny Test forgets everything and only 50% calls and stops music whenever a stupid joke or one line appears. It's not a comedy, it's a stupid comedy (I know what some people think.) Are not these three silly stupid comedies? Watch it and Johnny Test back and laugh at the first chance.) Sometimes jokes are based on bizarre situations that like Chowder crazy me. I have a rule for cartoons and comedies together: To a very bizarre, unequal comedy, do you just think "what am I looking at?" <br /> <br /> This will make it happen for all accounts. Do not look at this show if you have any respect for comedy, shape or shape.
