There are no reasons why this document should be serious and there are four reasons: 1) The people who shot the documentary (including the director and the producer) are Serbs or Serbians, so the criteria of neutrality failed. For example, they said that the Croatian diaspora ("Ustase") played a huge role in the fall of Yugoslavia, but did not mention that there are equivalent Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For those who are not so familiar with the history of World War II: The Serbs called the "Cetniks" that were filmed in the document as such that helped British landers during the war. Well, that's just half the truth. They were also a fascist (Monarch) group that worked with the Germans, but then turned to the side when Hitler began losing the war. It is also ironic that the documentary document does not mention the leader of Cetnik Mihajlovič, who is responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they mentioned an ante Pavelic ... Um ... Let me just be a little suspicious. 2) Most people I have asked are completely unknown to me. And I've been studying this war for a long time (who is an old British lady! She really did not do her homework) and they are not even presented by name, so they could be more or less someone, maybe someone they took off the street. Who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the document about Kosovo, it talks about how Serbs live forever and should belong to Serbia (though they are a minority). When referring to the Serbian predominant part of Croatia (Landscape), the Serbs are suddenly depicted as having the right to live there because they are home for so long. Well, what people do not know is that the largest city of Krajina (Knin) has a great historical significance for the Croatian people. It was where crowned one of the most famous kings of Croatian history (Zvonimir), and therefore the city has a historic value for Croatia. The Serbs came almost 800 years later! But no, Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo, according to the document. Is it fair? For me, it looks like a double morale from the director. In addition, the document states that the Croatian constitution does not have any laws on minority rights, it is lying because it was one of the first laws that were implemented because Croatia had a huge Serbian minority. > <br /> 4) The film features a radical Croatian paramilitary leader called Glavas. Or the Muslim radical Oric. They accused them of being a huge reason for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radicals, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention Serbian radical paramilitary leaders like Seselj and Arkan? There are so many defects that I only introduced a few of them, only to get people a record of the document. It seems that the people who shot this document were not well prepared and did not have the courage to criticize the Serbs because they feared their Serbian relatives would cry or something. There are not so many documentaries of good quality, but the best of all is "The Death of Yugoslavia", where all the major participants of the war are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.) an explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. One thing. I saw a commentary on this document, where the person was frustrated why the US provided support to the country (Bosnia) who had links with Bin Laden during the war. First of all, all the countries involved in this conflict had nationalist presidents, and because Bosnian Muslims did not have an old ethnic identity (formerly called "Muslim Croats"), they had to rely on something other than nationality to raise the spirit among people by linking them with the only thing they shared: their religion. And they helped the mujahedin because no one else helped them. They had to fight the 4th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalism is the best way to unite the people during the war. History has shown us.
