This is perhaps the worst Presley car that would bring us close enough to the worst movie ever made. It's much worse than even the rebellious song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It's been at the world fair" and here I thought the moment when Elvis buys all the balloons of the seller for her girls and then gets a balloon jiggle to the marching band was an example of bad cinema and could not be completed. I usually like Elvis's accidental movement if it were for another reason, but from the memories of the time when we were pretty innocent to sit down. This should be called "Live Little, Want to Be Dead", and "Stay Away Joe" look like Olivier plays Othello. Here Elvis plays Greg, who is basically a hippie free-cop photographers with the exception of setting up editions. After a funny morning ruthless ride, she ends up on a beach where she is kidnapped by a woman who varies depending on the scene and who is talking to her. Michele Carey was obviously chosen for her resemblance and the ability to mimic Elizabeth Taylor (if I followed it without glasses, I think it was the late 1960s when Liz played female leadership). He tries his dog on Elvis until he gets into the water and he does not have comfortable film pneumonia, and she keeps him in a consciousness in a cushion so long he loses his job and his apartment and moves his stuff to his house before viewers do not know about it when Elvis tries to get back to work, and his boss lets him beat for no reason, except that he deserves it for filming this movie and tries to go home and finds some hateful woman in the slip of his house) . Rather than be arrested for kidnapping, sadness, and assault, he left and got two jobs to pay back the rent. Miss Crazy Pants had to be spring when he stole all his belongings. The work works for Don Porter in a Playboy magazine, working above all for Rudy Vallee in the snobby fashion magazine. I think mixing with two tasks is supposed to be a comedy, it's bad that it's not even funny if you do not laugh at the 100th time you saw someone running up and down the stairs in fast moving to silly music. The overriding obstacle preventing Greg from hijacking his kidnapper is her other loving interest, the terribly dirty Dick Sargent (either Porter or Vallee, even at an advanced age in 1968, would make many more credible competitors for Miss Crazy affections). There are a number of uninteresting and tireless steps and turns, I was waiting for something, something that would have made it all worthwhile. It has never been. The fun takes about three minutes and is made up of Elvis's "Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on CD without this painful movie that caused me) and fun for five seconds when Elvis is on the couch and Crazy Pants is probably disassembled, so they fly everywhere when they land on it. That's it, folks, destroyed furniture, only laughs in the whole movie. No amount of mod 60s clothing, music or decor can save this high-sky stinker and it should be ruled out at all costs. Looking at it, an unnatural desire on the part of the audience to cause serious bodily harm can arise.
