When I was seventeen, I really believed that Elvis was the king of rock and roll and not only wanted to see all 31 of his "character" movies, but it was also my ambition to own them. What an exceptionally bad excuse for a seventeen-year-old I had to be. Fortunately, it made sense and Live A Little, Love A Little is the only Elvis movie I own. We will focus on this world recently since the remixed version of A Little Less Conversation was released only. (His first got to the top ten in the UK for 22 years - his first UK number one in 25) Although I was seventeen and I really need psychiatric help, I realized that the songs of this film are not the first. However, a little less conversation - rollnecks and 60s grooving aside - is a true standout. Finding a less known song, which only a relatively small couple knows about being promoted to the mainstream, creates a mixture of emotions. It's nice to finally see the faith in the celebrated song, but it's also lying to see the disintegration of your private cult. (What about the chauvinist lyrics too. Although Elvis's other song contains the word "procrastinate"?) But what really worries me about this movie is not A Little Less Conversation but the 84 minutes that surround it. Actually, based on the novel (I was kissed by my regret, but clinging to my lips - a chaotic novel would it be?), He sees the bored Elvis banged with a "comedy" dog and a nymph. Within 90 seconds of meeting Michele Carey asks, "Would you like to love me?" I'm sure you will agree. It seems to me that I remember some of Elvis's first films - most notably Jailhouse Rock and King Creole - were not too bad, but this is just an identit of hillbilly cobblers. Fighting newspaper work can lead to a five-minute fight with karate with a couple of gingernuts, which causes the motorways to accumulate, it is good for laughs and the models are dressed as pink mermaids. There's even a dream for God's jacket. Perhaps the only stupid stereotype he does not agree with is that he does not have so many songs. With just four to select, including the number of credits, you expect an average of 22 minutes between songs. Some movies would be unnecessary by having too many melodies, but here they might help pick up the pain. Of the remaining three songs, the realm of reality is not really that bad, though Elvis's dance must be called "Bear Trap". In a sense for the PG Certified Film of 1968, then it's a shocking way to sex content. But it's sad that with the talking dogs, Central American sitcom values ​​and the toughest dances you've ever seen, Elvis's dignity is blunted by this film.
