I thought the movie (especially the story) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain unchanged and untrue to try to create an Eastern feeling in the film. I have three of the many shortcomings of the film: First, when Shen told Wendy to help her study the history of China, I was really happy that the audience would get some information about Chinese history; but it turned out that the film did not show exactly that Wendy was actually studying Chinese history; but instead the film just shows that Wendy is practicing a way of remembering what she was studying, which made me disappointed and horrified. Secondly, what really bothered me is how the characters have always mentioned lunar cakes - the moon cake this and the moon cake it and how good it tastes. Still, they did not really mention his real meaning. The only thing they talked about was that the Moon Cake was of any significance was an autumn festival that did not explain or even find out. They could mention the myth that is related to the moon cake - the Moon Lady. The myth begins with the time that there are ten suns, and each of them will alternate, but one day all ten suns rise and dry up the earth with increasing intense heat; so the god archer Hou Yi shot nine out of ten suns and left only one sun (there are different versions where Hou Yi shot eight of the nine suns). Because of his heroic contribution, he received a pill of immortality to live forever when ten suns rise again, but his wife Chang-O stole it. After theft, she fled to the moon where she met a hare. Then she came up with an idea and told the hare to crush the pill to pieces so she could split the pill across the country and give everybody immortality. (There are several variants of this story but I've heard about this version for most of my childhood). I thought such details would make a conspiracy of more culturally Chinese orientation. The last thing I would like to emphasize is the last combat scene of the film. The teachers who were obsessed with the monks fought Terra Cotta Warriors against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is for the Chinese. Terra-cotta Warrors serves as a link between the Chinese past and was very westernized (where evil is destroyed in any case) that film monks were willing to destroy this connection. It would be understandable if Wendy, given that he is Chinese-American and does not have full Chinese knowledge, had no problem to destroy these invaluable artifacts. The whole movie was westernized because it seemed that all monks and Shen wanted to fight them ... I think TVPG is being evaluated for violence, which is in contradiction with the Confucian thinking of cooperation and harmony. It seems more accurate that the monks are trying to prevent violence and try to work peacefully before they have to resort to violence. Overall, all producers, writers or directors did not do their research thoroughly and did dirty work instead. I would suggest that they stop broadcasting this film or that they have re-made the film to contain more accurate information; (2 stars) to remove one stereotype of Asian and Asian Americans that they are smart and quiet.
