I realize he lives in the Wyoming Western Plains in the 1900s. It was brutal, in fact it is probably still brutal today, but was it monumental enough to be transformed into a seemingly "made for television" film? Also women's rights are still growing in this country, so finding a single woman who is determined to start fresh in this tough territory and still show the realism of the era? would it be good for viewing? Frankly, I do not know. I've been thinking about this movie for the past two days, and I still do not seem to have the strength to say it's a terrible movie, but I can tell you rightfully that it was not the biggest I've ever seen. Of a few musical styles of acting, two disparate actors playing emotionally, to some of the most horrifying PG scenes ever rated from the late 70's, it's hard to fully understand Heartland. It was good? Was it bad? It may be for you to see and decide, but until then there are moments that I enjoyed and desperately hated! <br /> <br /> This movie is still in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes when I was not sure what the director was doing or where he was heading, but it seemed to work well as a whole. I thought the story as a whole is a very interesting historical story. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie captured this image in my mind. A thought on very cold winters, no neighbors for miles per mile and this view of Polaroid-esquire untouched by corporate America. It was refreshing to be a witness and an absolutely breathtaking experience (though television). There were scenes that really came into my mind, such as the cattle scene, the scene of the slaughter of pigs, and the sorrowing shepherd who did not survive their journey, which brought this story to a real sense of realism. Director Richard Pearce did a great job of bringing a view of Wyoming to the audience, but I'm not sure he brought decent players to take a look. While I'm constantly compiling the scenery of this movie, I've had problems dealing with actors who seemed to be sitting on the set and reading their lines from the cards on the side. Rip Torn did not seem to have a place in her role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow found a connection with Elinor Randall of Conchata Ferrell. These two actors have no chemistry at all. Their shared scenes are useless and sincerely ineffective. The pregnancy scene almost got me in the stitches because this was the two "veterans" actors. Courageous Elinore does what she has to do to get her out of her while Clyde calls when she's done. Is this love? Should it be love? I do not know, I think we would see a stronger bond with stronger characters, but with Torn and Ferrell, it felt like two actors were playing their parts. Other scenes that seemed to be in my mind were as if the frozen horse knocked on the food or shelter door, the constantly faded and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinor's daughter (I just did not believe it) the lack of a real winter fight and the whole landscape scene. Earthland, especially because I needed another explanation of what Elinore is doing, why she's doing it, and why Clyde would build a house if they were married! It was this simple event, if she took the time to explore, she would make a stronger movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will go with this feature in the middle of the road. There were certain elements that should be explored by deeper ones, such as the relationship between these two unknown people and the final settlement of Elinor's goals, but some beautiful scenes of our nation were refuted against them. These panoramic scenes, which are changing over hundreds of years from huge mountains to massive skyscrapers. While there were some great scenes of realism (playing cattle and pigs), I felt like we needed more. Depth was the key element missing in this film, which was overshadowed by a marginal effect and a declining story. Pearce could get deeper into this untapped world, but instead left open gaps and clichés of Western characters. Ferrell carried her own, but Torn was utterly rude. Dignified for viewing, but he will not pick me up again. <br /> <br /> Stage: ** from *****
