Sleuth Joseph L. Mankiewicz did not need a remake. It's a deeply filmed movie, which is still performing well today. Given that the modern remake machine is currently in full swing; I really can not say I'm surprised to see the movie updated for the modern audience. The story remains the same as the original film, and in its core we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who claims to be an older man, Andrew Wyck, to discuss divorce because the younger man has a relationship with an older man's wife. From there, a game of cats and mice appears. Its clear rule from the beginning that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add another touch to this film, and thanks to the central location that has changed from a charming garden that was taken out of the village into an original technical pram with layers of safety devices. I'm glad the director decided to make this change because nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies the original; plus there is the fact that the location is well used and always nice to look at. Unfortunately, the positive features of Sleuth 2007 ended. The original movie was over two hours long, while this remake is only shadow eighty minutes. This naturally means that this version has less of it; and unfortunately they are the characters they suffer. The plot is also humiliated and we get to the first step in the story too quickly and before we get a chance to really understand why and how these events can happen. The film does not create characters or the relationship between them to make sure their relationship makes sense. One of the main things that changed the older person is his obsession; in the original, he was obsessed with the game, which turned out to be very important when an intervention occurred. Here's a security fetish, which does not mean anything. Kenneth Branagh with the movie allows for a classic score, but the class ends. Originally, it was successful, but this film is happy just because it itself ravages through various and mostly unauthorized opportunities; which makes the whole thing cheaper. The last story in the story is totally different from what was in the original, and ensures that the film comes to a really terrible conclusion. After spending two hours with the original I understood, respected and liked the two characters introduced in the film - after eight minutes I hated both of them. I have some respect for Branagh, for he will not only develop a copy of the original film; but it's not a good adaptation of Anthony Shaffer's great game.
