Harold Pinter translates Anthony Schaeffer's classical play about a man who will visit her lover's husband and have everything on her side. The original film starred Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine has Olivier's role in this version and is paired with Jude Law. Here is a film directed by Kenneth Branaugh. Acting is spectacular. Both Caine and the law are in their roles of gangbusters. I really like chemistry and personality encounters. It's great and there are plenty of reasons why you look when the script comes in hand. <br /> <br /> The Harold Pintero Dialog is sharp and sharp, and often very funny, and I understand why the rewrite game was chosen (which is updated to use surveillance cameras and the like). The problem is that the script moves the characters around is terrible. Michale Caine goes through the law with his special modern house with sliding doors and panels for no really good reason. Conversations are repeated in different places. I know Pinter did it in his games, but in this case he gets tired. Why do we need a couple of times to think that Law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It would be all right if at some point the law said enough that we did, but did not do it as if it were the first time ever. The script also does not exceed Caine through its manipulation of the law. We start by blindly getting angry to start, so he does not have a chance to turn and scare us. (It does not matter the late revelation of the game that tells you why it bothered) In the original, we have never captured what is happening. here we are doing it, and as it sets the border, it feels somehow fake, because it is so clear that we are forced to wonder why the Milo law does not see it set. There are a few more cases, but to say too much. <br /> <br /> I was thinking about a retrospective movie and I think it's a movie of missed opportunities and mistakes. There is plenty of opportunity to have a better fireworks between Cain and the law. The wrong situation is that the choice of the gorgeous environment and the slightest shifts in the conspiracy will take away from the creation of tension and the believable thriller. Instead, we get some clever dialogue and great performances in a movie that will not let them be real. Despite some great performance and funny dialog box, it's only 4 out of 10 because the rest of the script just does not work
