I'm not sure whether the filmmakers were after a Saw movie or twelve angry men (people linking facts to get to the truth). Whatever it was, it was badly done and it is not worth watching. I do not watch movies about blood and blood, but because this film had little to do, it should show real killing more. Most of them were out of the camera and minimized the horror that we should feel by death. I also thought that the cop was among the victims; unwittingly contributed to the innocent young man who went to jail by accepting the evidence he had put in the recording room (which MJH gave him). (And MJH would not be a prosecutor, should not have access to that evidence - just as it would take and give the wrong evidence - and so would not need the help of the police?). Others, although they often did not realize that it was the particular person they were hurting, still played a larger role in its final extinction. The gun dealer should know that his weapons will be used for malice. The policymaker refused the person she obviously needed, etc. But the police officers' crime seemed small in comparison because he did not know exactly what he was doing. Movie makers could take one step further, and it should be one that encouraged MJH to produce evidence, which would cause him more. And MJH shouts that he (the cop) has gotten into the mess, it does not make sense at all. It would be more interesting if every person died in a way that offered the other trace why he was there and deserved to die. For example, an insurer might have had claims that he refused, thrashing his throat so he dropped; the oriental woman could have her eyes drawn away because it was false testimony, etc. Yes, more violent that the weapons will die, but more interesting. The dialogue was not funny, there were no twists and the end was one of the worst (if not the worst) I've ever seen. Finally, I managed to destroy three stars. <br /> <br /> Actors with decent work, especially with regard to garbage and motivation they have to work with. Overall waste of time.
