This is very bad with this unfavorable little wet fart of the movie that it's hard to know where to start. First of all, it is a remarkably scary film, even according to American standards. Dialogue is a cliché, characters are two-dimensional, writing is thundering, and what a little story it is, neither coherent nor remotely interesting. We will meet the following stereotypes: Balding Loser Guy (probably divorced, but who knows? This film does not tell us) with a brave heart, a young hero (who does nothing heroic at all), Brave Little Kid (with a killer stripe a mile wide) and Black Dirty Female (with more brains than brains). These guys fight Tall Scary Reaper Man and his evil Ewoka. Oh, and the movie is full of tiny little metal balls that are banging around men and women. Given the chance, they perform an impressive brain surgery in those who do not have the smell of smell when they come to them. Boo! One of them is a really spooky spirit (but again it can be a fraudulent phantom) that seems willing to help our brave Contagonists get their young kidnapped friend. <br /> <br /> There is no background character or even an introduction to some of the characters. It starts with some kind of recapitulation of the end of the previous movie, but it does not explain much. If you saw the first two movies, cool. Otherwise, you do not know who these people are, how they are relatives, why they are not at school or at work, or why you should make sure they live or die. As a result, you do not. The only interesting point becomes any splatter effect. And it's not enough to wake you up. Of potential interest / entertainment, there are three Raider Punks, just as stupid as they are evil who threaten our heroes. But they do not get much time on the screen. They are launched almost immediately. Then they are buried (why somebody should have time for me), then they will again appear like Evil Raider Punk Zombies. Only for re-launch, literally within a minute. The rest of the movie looks mainly from the fact that Caspar appears and disappears and disappears, runs around to look for places, and Balding Loser tries to get the Bad Black Bitch Booty score, using driving lines that might question mentally retarded teenagers. No bones there; even some unreasonable sex could save this movie, so good it is never there. The head of Baddie, called Tall Man, fails to frighten someone older than 3 years; the wailing "Booooy!" every five minutes is not enough. Why, with his wonderful telekinetic abilities and incredible power in the upper body, he simply does not mistake our heroes for errors, is not explained. Instead, he delegates work to his inconsolable, slow-running miniature minions who never manage to kill anyone before being shot in hell. Film-makers who like works like "Friday 13th Part XXXXVIII: Jason Goes to College" find some fun. The rest of us who have grown hair are bored from our skulls.
