* Contains some spoilers * This film is an angry 80s horror in all its horrors. The plot takes too long to get out of the ground, it never happens, and then just crashes about 40 minutes into the movie. There are several jewels for zombie fans, but not enough zombies to create a real sense of horror. <br /> <br /> Zombies also take a long time to appear. First, there is a half of the movie about crowds and prison gangs. The hero of the film is a former Vietnamese veteran who is captured in the crowd. The main mob boss puts him and goes to jail. In this prison they are experimenting with prisoners to find a way to cure them from murderous tendencies and criminal behavior. But badie psychotic leading scientist / soldier has other plans in mind. He wants to use a different version of serum to ... da da da .... super soldiers! After several infected prisoners, a couple of guards kill and most of the prison have a round of infected wine, a military / crazy scientific guy goes "hey, that can be a problem," and challenges the ingenious scientists who have become investigative journalists, hot babe ultra - who of course invented the original serum. She went to jail to find out what was going on, a military guy calling several SWAT teams out of a safe, out of jail position, and the hero would take care of a few heart-breaking prisoners when the revolt broke out. The hero and the scientific / journalistic women's group are trying to find a cure, save the director's children and deal with some treacherous prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the boss chief boss agreed to enter prison to save his imprisoned brother. The army is preparing to blow out the place, and everyone is going inside to find a way. <br /> <br /> There are plenty of bloody scenes where people are killed by being pushed or pulled through prison bars. There is also a scary scene with decapitation and an electric shock scene involving the same infected rasta prisoner. Still, the worst scene is in the early stages of the movie, when the crude corrupt guards the rape. <br /> <br /> The main highlight of this movie is one scene to the end. The hero, the woman and the children are trying to make their way to a single escape route. Their path leads to a long corridor, on one side there is a wall, and on the other there are prison bars. Hundreds of bloody zombie hands get inside and capture their hair and faces as they pass. There are also some good scenes of the classic "Zombie couple living on freshly dead bodies" and "Many zombies that copy one guy to pieces." Overall, it is worth watching if you are trying the zombie genre because it has so many zombie clichés worth mentioning; it's practically a guide to what I do not do when shooting a zombie movie. But if you're new zombie flicks and you want to be really scared, you should look elsewhere.
