Wow, the storyline for this movie is everywhere! There is a lot of plot and so many things that happened to make it virtually a headache! And as a result, none of that was particularly credible. The film begins with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She has some experience with local theater and she has ambitions to go to Broadway. When an actor arrives in the city with great time, he chases him in the hope of giving her a career. But her husband is worried about shenanigans - because this actor is cad. So, the bastards throw themselves on them and the hits of the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he is sentenced to the first degree of murder !!! Not a frenzy, but a murder 1! Now, pregnant and needing money, Kay goes to New York. But there's no work on Broadway, so they're forced to take some work-even Burlesque. She can not take care of her young daughter enough, gives her another woman to lift herself. However, he finally finds work in a real Broadway play and everything looks pink. But the jealous diva who plays in the game hates her for some inexplicable reason and forces her to throw her out of the game. He desperately goes to England and becomes a real star. A few years later, she returns to New York to get her child - but the child is older and thinks the woman who cares about her is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer now thinks that if he gets $ 10,000, he can get men out of jail. As another reviewer wrote, is it a matter for people? How he can get $ 10,000 otherwise - maybe buy a helicopter to fly into the prison and kick him! Wow - it's enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens after 45 minutes! Believe it or not, there's so much more. If you really care, you see it yourself to see how it all unfolds. This is like "writing kitchen sinks" - practically everything fits and I hope it will definitely work. Unfortunately, the film seems hopelessly unbelievable and tenacious despite the best efforts of Mrs. Francis. It's a kind of movie that no one could actually save thanks to Grade 2 graphics. It's almost as if someone has taken dozens of fence elements, threw them into the box and then began randomly choosing them to make a movie! Overall, if you are not a loving Kay Francis fan or love something Hollywood made in the 1930s, it's one that you can simply skip. It's not terrible, but definitely not good. By the way, the child who plays the daughter of František after her return to New York (Sybil Jason) was really terrible. I think it was supposed to be ... I think.
