For beginning and for recording, the term "Necromancy" describes the art of black magic to bring the dead back to life, and does not concern sexual intercourse with the corpse. This is called necrophilia, and yes, I know it's a clear difference, but I'm getting a lot of comments from my friends and relatives that I'm having a perverse taste in movies! This movie is actually completely the opposite, perverse or dirty, and simply qualifies as boring, inappropriate and terribly bad. "Necromancy" makes at least five top titles in the list of the most incoherent films ever made! Now, director Bert I. Gordon is not exactly known for delivering masterpieces (his repertoire includes titles such as "Earth vs. Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods"), but actually overcome himself completely absurd, superfluous and totally a meaningless story about witchcraft and secret small towns. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their child born dead, Lori and her husband Frank moved to the quiet town of Lillith, where Frank suddenly got into the toy factory. Lori is suspicious and feels an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the patriarch of the city and the "owner" of Mr. Cato, who behaves very disturbingly and mysteriously. That's another thing. How can anyone "own" the city and all of it? In any case, Lori gradually finds out that everyone in Lillith is a witch, and Mr. Cato has attracted her exclusively because of her supernormal ability to resurrect the dead. For many years, Cato has been trying to bring his late son back to life and is ready to make a human sacrifice. I honestly do not see the whole movie. Is it a spectacular tear from "Rosemary's Baby"? one of the spare titles is even "Rosemary's Disciples"? but the script is confused and frantic without conviction. Why is no one allowed to have children for as long as Cato's son remains dead? That's really selfish! When, where and how did Lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead? "Necromancy" surely contains a few really unsightly and atmospheric moments, but these are tirelessly completed either by total coincidence or by a complete lack of budget. Grainy photography gives the film an exciting atmosphere and the sets look cheap to be spooky. Orson Welles' performance? undoubtedly the low point of his career? it's rude and still the best aspect of the whole movie.
