The only previous Gordon movie I watched was the childish adventure THE MAGIC SWORD (1962), although I followed it soon with EMPIRE OF THE ANTS (1977); seems to be best remembered for his science fiction work of the 1950s. Anyway, I participated in the DVD rental shop: I did not notice the unmistakable figure of Orson Welles on the sleeve I would not have bothered him anymore - because I know the movie under its original name NECROMANCY! I saw this still on my father's father's horror father: the acting presence in the film about diabolism seemed like a great idea that could not escape, but the end result - especially in this bastardized edition - is a disaster! I sincerely apologized for Welles, who looks bored, and rather than in his deep and big voice, mumbles the unpleasant demonic invocation almost in whispers! <br /> <br /> The conspiracy is basically another protectorate of ROSEMARY'S BABY (1968): the couple is invited to a distant community under false pretenses and soon finds they are surrounded by a diabolist. The girl played by Pamela Franklin seems to have supernatural powers (transferred from her mother who occasionally appears to warn her - although her intense delivery through her teeth, the manifestations of her expressions are largely disjointed, and the sources of immense gaiety each time , when he appears!) and he is expected to revive Welles' dead young son from the dead! Franklin - a regular genre, right from his debut performance at The Innocents (1961) - is not bad in his role (which requires some nudity and experiences several semi-secret hallucinations during the film); Michael Ontkean, who is not able to face John Cassavetes's character challenge. Some of the other girls also look good - especially Lee Purcell, whose late decision to help Franklin escape the city eventually proves she has turned away. The events go into the head in an incredibly confused summit, which Satanists see finally turning to Franklin and letting her take a seat in the window of an animated boy (that's gratitude for you!). While the additional scenes disappeared (festive opening ceremony and other erotic erotic ornaments), the overall quality of the film would have been poor yet; then this particular version is re-embedded with an electronic score - which is totally inappropriate and extreme cheese!
