As a teenager, I was quite a big thing - I read books and watched the reported observations. As a younger adult, I'm very far away from a big guy, but it does not matter when I look at a special movie when I look at it. He had several strong points - mainly the recreation of the two most famous encounters with Bigfoot - the Ape Canyon incident of 1924 and Bauman's incident in 1850 in relation to Teddy Roosevelt and Teddy Roosevelt, I am a bit familiar with the teenage reading I have done. The film considers it self-evident that both incidents included sasquatch, while both incidents have more likely explanations, but recreation has been well done. There is also a homage paid at the beginning of the movie to the famous Patterson video, again considered to be a matter of course its authenticity. The Saxon encounter at the end of the film was also very well done and had a very scary feeling because the sasquatch was mostly in shadow or as a hairy leg running around scared men. Unfortunately, these four things could total about 20 minutes, while the film as a whole is over an hour and a half. <br /> <br /> It's a fictional story (documentary style) of an expedition to a remote area of ​​northern British Columbia, to a suspected domestic order of sasquatch. The computer focused on this area based on observations, and - in one of the more fun scenes in the movie - the computer also used eyewitness sighting to draw a picture of sasquatch that looked exactly like Patterson's "creature"! In addition to the 20 minutes I mentioned, we are basically looking at this trip route, which means we can see that a lot of guys go on a long way to camping. I was camping with boys. Let me tell you - they were never worthy of a movie. Between the long sections of boredom, some nice scenes from the wilderness (even if someone suspects that canned shots are used, or even animals in captivity that behave like wild animals) are scattered and there are some spectacular sceneries, except that the scenery is not North Columbia, it's from the Oregon national parks. I wanted to appreciate that we have never been given a real idea of ​​sasquatch, so we did not have to deal with the bad make-up that would be part of it. 3/10
