It is said to be a French film LOL with an emphasis on young girls with much older men ... why are the French so careful? When the age difference is so great, it really looks like a pervert! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she has a strong resemblance to Olivia Hussey, Zeffirelli '68 Romeo and Juliet, which takes place at a similar time) but looks for about 15 years and the actor plays Tassi, her painter's instructor, looks ... is a species. Other posters have done work on explaining the historical record (unusually detailed in this case) of real Artemisia, a great artist and one of the earliest recognized female painters of this period (17th century). Her story speaks in modern times, especially due to the ancient accusation that "all the great artists were men" - that's pretty much what she claims to say in pieces - and because the story of her rape is so terrible. Not only was she clearly attacked and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because at that time marriage with your aggressor was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a serial killer and probably killed his wife and child. > <br /> The film makes terrible depression by turning this really fascinating and remarkable story from real life - very dramatic and does not need any "splashing" - because in some strange way Frencified is a "worse" supernatural teenager who draws sexual organs and has a hot love with a man who is old enough to be a grandfather. It is "sexy" - the truth is boring and seems to be too feminist / politically correct. I am also worried that this is only part of Artemisia's life, which is considered to be quite interesting for the film. The fact that she painted for decades (her famous painting Judith befering Holfernes was painted AFTER, not before rape) that she was the first woman to be admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy that she had children ... it's boring stuff. After all, it's probably a middle-aged woman and they are not "hot" like teenagers. I understand that there is plenty of creative license when filming a movie (or book) of true historical character. You have to create a dialog, have subplots, create a dramatic structure. Surely some details can be sacrificed - it is not a big problem if the data is moved for several years, or if Artemisia plays a blonde actress (when we know from her portraits that she is a brunette ... and a big bone one, not a lean minny) , or something like that. But turning her story into her and raping into romance is really sick and disturbing. It's even worse, because the director is a woman. You should be ashamed of yourself! If you like it (and I know some people can care about a real artist and just like costumes and hot sexy ones), you'll probably love Dangerous Beauty with Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. Similarly, on the basis of a deeply reworked history, with plenty of look-out raffles and gorgeous cups: Bon Appetit!
