MAY CONTAIN SPOILS ..... I am surprised by the high rating of this film to be honest ... I really am. Everything I saw was a slow propaganda film that had nothing to say. (Note to yourself must check the rating for Platoon here) This movie was so black and white ... Americans good ... someone else either bad or useless. I take it into account that the British units in it were SAS (one of the most elite units in the world, most would agree that I'm sure) that they lost 3 men and the others fled while US troops that were not even elite soldiers in the combat sense kept the ground and opened a can of ominous ass on the evil ominous Iraqis. Aha on dead loops. The only good thing I have to say about this movie came in this sense when a sniper pulled SAS man ... a crazy flash from a distance, good noise used ... really good that a bit but the rest ... Spare what I have 10 years of age here ?? !! Well, I'm not, and I see the senseless propaganda in the movie and the boy had this movie. <br /> <br /> SPOILER ... Oh ah and in the main mad, wild guy can not stay at home with his wife and baby ... he has to sign up for the next year to fight in the absurd lie of war! Why ... because young men need excitement or something obvious. As if I was surprised by the high rating of this movie I really am. <br /> <br /> I hate America. I hate the message of this film that does not seem to want to face the problems of illegal war (in my eyes) that are fine because it is clear there are people who think it is a just war for any bad reason he wanted to say something else, but censored), but hey, it's up to them. But to film the movie as unilaterally as if it were black and white ... good in evil is lazy and behaves like a child. There is a lot of gray in the war, and there are two (sometimes more) parties who believe in what they are fighting for. Not Star Wars with something dark versus good. Hollywood at times when you really do people on mugs ... then again 7.8 ... well, maybe you're right, but I will not buy it. I'm glad I downloaded this movie to tell you all about it. ;)
