Just like Ayn Rand recently, Bigelow is portrayed in a film by several hard-hitting American hombrers who are facing a roadside bombing in Iraq that has been built by unscrupulous, inexorable Arab terrorists killing children. As Bigelow represents the Iraq war against the background of the big stage of the human drama, one veteran bomb expert will develop and another will appear to replace him in a dusty, hot, ugly farm that is Iraq, and a new hero will be born. A new person is what John Hershey described in his book and later in the movie Military Warrior as a sadistic winged clown which is in fact not suitable for civilian life and requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and suppress its errant sexual desires. The warrior's warrior can work fully in the war, and it stifles peace. While Hershey punished the lover of war (Steve McQueen in one of his greatest roles), Bigelow celebrates him. The military needs lovers of war, they are protection against our enemies. We can not deal with the truth that they are the lovers of war who are the best soldiers, the heaviest men. According to non-legalizing Bigelow, normal men are kundas, a lover of war is a special breed, the last of the cowboys. So when he wants to leave his men worn or fall in love with an Iraqi boy? He is the return to the war on sex and death. In the war, sex is ungrateful, without love, not to ask and not to say the kind of male ties. Bigelow has no opinion about it; limits the possibilities of masculinity in this attempt at realism. Only a lover of war can win the moral fight between right and wrong, between American innocence and Arab parody. Bigelow transforms his racism and arrogance into the ingenious facade of journalism. It's just another gung-ho yahoo, which portrays the brutal war against civilians as the moral triumph of the spirit. On the political front, Bigelow once again releases the Western genre and its relentless cliché, ad nauseam: the amazing world of an open border that will become one country of another. ("You can shoot people here," says the soldier); hard, but a human boyfriend of a black boy, a fake soldier, a crude, perhaps crazy commanding officer, a crazy fool trying to make friends with the enemy. You name it, Bigelow resurrects him. The love of man and boy is tangible in scenes with a cute Arab boy who loves a lover of war, but Bigelow plays it straight; it does not finish sex, it just rehearses it. What Bigelow really wants to show is an ugly, strange face of an Arab enemy. Any Iraqi who is not pure evil is either utterly demented, hostile or in no way good. Everyone deserves to die because of their ingenuity, and many of them make a gore-fest movie in this glib. Iraqi women are all hysterical, they make their presence just by shouting. They could be masculine stuntmen who would be struggling with everything I know, you never see their faces. There is no female presence at the base or in the battle, although, of course, in the case of Iraq, women have refuted it. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the moves one by one. Celebrating the war, she can talk about a sadistic hero. Cowboys who are surrounded by non-human Indians prove their favor by doing God's work and suppressing a wretched terrorist infested hellhole with utterly brutal and suicidal mania. By the end I felt like a rooting for the Indians. In the Bigelow world, however, no mercy or understanding will ever do. Iraqis are best dehumanized. The defeat of civilians is only a dramatic ground for our hero's psycho-sexual struggle. Every U.S, the bullet finds his mark. You have to love a guy, a warrior. It's just his way, he's a real hero. He's just a guy who's trying to make things a hard way, so if he wants a boy.
