Almost in the same league as Yonfan's pretty cruel color blossoms, Spider Lillies drives a point home that you can make a top-notch cinema without edge, or much in the way of cutting. It is a Taiwanese film that is becoming a novelty at an alarming rate today, but more than what is happening, we can find very little in the way remarkable here. <br /> <br /> You should know that seemingly Spider Lillies is also a lesbian themed story, but from every aspect it's nothing but a plastic label to attract in a slightly seductive and grateful way. In several ways, there is a repeat of the second edition of Taiwan's Eternal Summer. Then there were homosexuals who were treated, and now we have the same thing with women. Zero Chou represents, for your non-existent edification, a story that probably encourages a maximum of fifteen. They have some attitude in the field of art, but eventually it will result in the most unpleasant, simply uninteresting outcome. The Hong Kong angle is in the form of Isabelle Leung (Bug Me Not, Isabella, Deník), but still the most popular sport. Although Isabella in Spider Lillies is somewhat enjoyable in her previous jobs, she is inadequate in most departments. Even her heart was not in her, or the whole lesbian playground was not emotionally reliant on her sensitivity. Makes Taipei a tattoo artist who is shy, detached and responsible for a mentally handicapped younger brother, played by John Shen, who fortunately gives the film his only thespian-related redemption feature. Isabella's character, strangely named Takeko, but allegedly descended from Hong Kong, soon connects with the unsatisfied young Jade (Rainie Yang of the deliciously appealed Meteor Garden). The other one lives with her grandmother and has a whole list of difficulties because of her parents and life in general. Surely, the grandmother's part works well and touches, but otherwise Jade as a protagonist is as motionless as her counterpart Takeko. Two women share the past and a lot of undercover anxiety, like a webcam girl, while Takeko keeps her father's inheritance alive with a unique lily's spider tattoo on her hands. Jade also wants to get this design, which leads to Takeko exploring the inner feelings of this problem through flashback, and rather a minimal discourse with the daring Jade. Well, if there is little discourse writing the home base, is at least sexual intercourse memorable? In a word, no. They kiss and pretend to do a nasty near end, but just as Eternal Summer has long ago reminded us, there is a gap between witnesses when sexual content occurs and ticket buyers think they are about to see sexual content. > <br /> This cynical building awaits the fate of Spider Lillies. With a faint story, a giggling game, and the total lack of sights that get rid of the theater, this kind makes the colors of the flower look good, think about it. At least we have some mammals from Teresa Cheung. No, Spider Lillies is no AV masterpiece and should be flooded from the playlist of the most common and shy GLB film festival. <br /> <br /> Great for the pseudo-indie release, even soundtrack and cinematography produce moments of inspiration. Just as well, because it makes Spider Lillies much easier. Believe us, avoid and you will not miss out on anything good. <br /> <br /> Rating: * *
