This hit film did not get well in 1970, but frankly, it was not that good when he was released. Yet it was an enormously popular success perhaps because the thought of a fatal young love must appeal to the audience saturated with the constant coverage of the Vietnam War. This plot is clear as it relates to Oliver Barretta IV, a Privileged Harvard hockey player who meets and falls in love with Jenny Cavelleri, the vassal student of music Vassar, who is proud of the working class background. His old school father, of course, disagrees with Jenny, and in a typical insurgency rebellion, that means the young couple got married in one of those hippy and extraordinary ceremonies. Her dream work comes in New York, but she's unexpectedly sick and dying of her illness. There is veneer of the contemporary film techniques depicted by director Arthur Hiller, but nothing can hide the old-fashioned, cliché-pampered story in his core. The unavoidable end left me in particular unchanged. Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become the stars of this film like Oliver and Jenny, but inexplicably because none of them seems able to pass on the depth or complexity needed to make their characters. At least the boy O'Neal is honest in his weak defiant approach, but MacGraw is so wooden and smirky in his behavior that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny behind her sarcastic facade. John Marley (two years before he finds his dirty racing skin in his godfather) is better than Jenny's ugly baker Phil's father, just like Ray Milland as a seemingly insensitive paterfamilius Barrett. Over-known music by Frances Lai has almost become a parody over the years. The quality of DVD printing is good, though the only complement is a rather excellent commentary from Hiller. The most interesting thing is that Erich Segal (whose book is based on this film) considered Oliver as a mixture of two roommates Harvard, who knew? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who is part of the film as one of Oliver's roommates.
