Silent Night, Deadly Night 5 is the last series, and just like part 4 is not associated with the first three, except for the name and the fact that it's Christmas themes. unconscious, there are some obvious things going on here ... Mickey Rooney plays a toy named Joe Petto and his terrible name is Pino. Call a bell, someone? Now a little boy named Derek heard one night as he knocked on the door and opened it to find the present present on his throne. Even though it said "do not open until Christmas", it will open it anyway, but it is stopped by his father who repents him and sends him to bed and opens himself. Inside is a small red ball that spins Santa with his hands and head and proceeds to kill dad. Oops, maybe he should stay pretty well alone. Of course, Derek is traumatized by an incident because he was following him down the stairs, but he did not grow up to be a murderer of Santa, but he stops talking. There is a mysterious stranger who is very interested in the toys produced by Joe Petto. We even saw him buy it when Derek's mom takes him to the store to find a gift to get him out of the trauma. And what exactly does this guy do? Well, we are not sure, but it seems that these toys are postponed to see what makes them stumble. He does not keep his landlord to deliver him by promising him to pay him the next day in cash and give him the toy of "Larry Larry" for his baby, but of course "Larry" is not a good toy and gets out of the box in the car and of course, Well, things are not nice. Anyway, eventually what is happening with Joe Petto and Pino is, of course, revealed, and like the old story, Pino is not a "real boy". Pino is probably even more upset and naughty because he suffers from "Kenitalia" (a smooth plastic crotch) to reveal his bad ways. And the identity of the lurking unknown is also revealed, and there is also a kind of happy ending. Whee. <br /> <br /> Step up from part 4, but not too much. Brian Yuzna is again involved and Screaming Mad George, so some decent special effects, but not enough to make it great. Several remaining parts of Part 4 hang around, like Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but that does not really make any difference. Anyway, I've seen the whole series of my system. Now, if I could get it out of my brain. 4 of 5.
