Warped to take over the Pinocchio theme and set up during the Christmas season (after the previous entry of abandoned ties to Christmas) has stockings of the toys sent to kill the child (despite the fact that other victims are accidentally damaged in the process) perhaps the "son" of the toy manufacturer. The cry of Mad George was responsible for the murderous toys (including the larvae entering the mouth of the victim and out of his eyes, another where the soldiers' toy actually shot the real bullets at the guardian after her boyfriend was practically strangled by a cut off hand toy, working from remote control). The small target is a tiny child named Derek (William Thorn), whose stepdad was murdered with a red balls with extended shoulders that caught his face, causing him to land on the poker hearth. Mother Sarah (Jane Higginson) worries about her son's mental state when she thinks she's reluctant to open gifts or, more importantly, to speak, comes from watching her husband's terrible murder. Derek's real father, Noah (Tracy Fraim), is worried about the safety of his son and reluctantly informs his former girlfriend, Sarah, that local toy Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) was once arrested for trapping toys, losing her unborn child , when his wife was killed in a car accident. Because of the courage when he said that if he could not have a son, they would not have others. Still a relatively heavy drinker (often seen on Jack), Petto seems to have rejected his feelings for children, but his terrifying son Pino (Brian Bremer) did not, and Derek opposes him. Why? You will soon understand. Quite disappointing about the special effects and rather the fucking assumption. Rooney's name adds accent to the film, it gains renown, but its histrionics can only help. Attractive leading actress Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Fraim as a man who re-enters her life is not that bad, but it is hard to take seriously the disorderly plot that is developing. I guess this is the reason, but Rooney does not have reason to be in such a movie as this one ... he does not have room to bring in his toymaker any person except fury and despair, quite volatile, barely sticking together when he exploded in anger in the direction to Pino when the liqueur does not drop. Bremer is strangely and "robotic" like Pino, longing for Sarah to be his mother. The practical effects used in attacking the victims are somewhat unconvincing. Strengthening Mad Georga's work with Savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this film. The gender that everyone talks about is not as inappropriate as you would believe (nor can I remember any nakedness). Probably the best of many green sequels, but this is not exactly approved. I'm sure I wrote on paper, it was a fun concept, the idea of ​​spoofing Pinocchio using horror elements, but the result does not blow you exactly.
