So why does that show? Unfortunately, this is really the only question, because there is no doubt that it is happening. For those not familiar with the show's precondition, they are condemned-to-be-shortlived, the Cavemen series focuses on the number of Neanderthals and their struggle for existence in modern America, and is based on the practices presented in the series of TV commercials for Geico Insurance. The concept is solid and there is a reason why I think it could be done successfully. I had to think about it for a moment, but then it came out of advertising - something like "not so different from you" gave me the key to the show. Although the cave / neanderthals are genuinely different from humanity, the titles of this show proved exactly the same like those of us who are boring - the writer of the game - rather than a California writer without a soul, hack, commission, but this show has had so much potential and nothing has been realized. First, manufacturers should focus on fun things that <br /> <br /> What could be considered fun, for example, for giving them a job as a faithful student and furniture salesman if they were more convincingly alerted to things like underground workers and guides in why would they play prosaic games like squash, when they could have been given the whole episode if they were trying to get a hunting license for a game with a lance? The show could write itself, and it requires some deliberately bad writing to make it pretty messy and boring. Another tedious aspect of this show is an attempt to portray cavemen who are exposed to the number of stereotypes associated with different human minorities. Yawn! It's been happening so many times before, and never more than this. And, as mentioned earlier, Neanderthals are genuinely different, so their use as a metaphor for racial stereotypes is both unconvincing and off-label. Responses are welcome, including those from anyone who wants to say why I'm wrong. I would like to look forward to this show and I'm just sorry I have not been able to. Michael J. Varhola, Skirmisher Online Gaming Magazine
