Dieter Bohlen, a German notorious composer and producer of slightly noisy pop hits like "You are my heart, you are my soul," felt the need to tell his story - and elegantly decided to hire spirited writers. The result was a funny book about his life. Well, more or less a fuzzy picture. He did not question that he was a selfish asshole, but the whole story was twisted to match his notion of himself. No word that he probably defeated his former wife and ended up in the hospital. However it was written in a fun style and a huge success after his appearance as a member of the jury of the German version of "American Idol" - especially his unforgettable commentary. That should be the end of the story - really. In the humor of the "Idol" television show called "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (abbreviated to DSDS), someone had to come up with a terrible idea to make a movie from the book. The result is "Dieter - film" <br /> <br /> I rarely saw a movie that is so desperately trying to be funny and totally fails. None of the gags will really hit. The nadled's voice and the speaking style were getting nervous right now, though Veron's voice was supposed to do more. Obvious, childish, predictable and long gags will destroy all the motivation to watch this movie end in minutes. The film's content is an adaptable film adaptation written hopelessly by a ghost writer based on Bohlen's careless idealized memories. They could use this freedom to do almost everything. It was supposed to be a satire, but it failed. The story is totally uninteresting and the fact that the background voice is Bohlen himself ensures that the whole movie has nothing at all satirical. No wonder it was considered bad for the release of the film. The likelihood that this thing has been corrupted in some archives has until recently been quite high when the current DSDS season proved to be an average success. With "friendly" use of the largest German newspaper "BILD" in Germany and the desperate situation for RTL television that it has something in the program, while still an unbeatable show "Wetten dass ...?" running on Channel 2 eventually the movie came to TV - unfortunately. Watching this movie is a waste of time - there are certainly better cartoons with much more fun and a story that's really worth seeing. /> <br /> Why: 2/10
