OK OK, it can be hard to place a person's whole life in one movie. Traditionally, biopsy is concentrated on one or two significant parts of the subject's life. Now Byron was "my week relates to your year" colleague, making selection of parts that are representative even tougher. Moreover, just as Byron's poetry is inseparable from his life, the very life of man must be seen as a whole. Elevation of parts not only shows the overall picture but shows a completely different picture. <br /> <br /> Now, in short, my review is that: probably Byron was actually my "week of beats your year" prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that he really did more in his 15 or so active years, than most of them do all their life. It is true that he had failed and was a victim of the time and social life in which he lived - but in the end he should become a prototype whose life we ​​would all want to lead, right? Well, I did not want to live the life described in this movie at any time. That's how it gets 3. No, because it was so badly done (which was more or less directional), but more importantly, it was missing a point entirely in a flat conspiracy. Some details. In order for Byron to be able to simplify things, he should have two different episodes: 1. Post-first Europe trip: England and his rise to fame + marriage / 2. His life abroad. Now it is important that the SECOND part should be at least as important as the first. Not only was it much longer, but the most significant change in Byron occurred at that time. In addition, it is the place where he created his best works (Don Juan, Vision of Judgment, etc. - all the things that make him * really * unique in English). Instead, in this movie) Byron's life never seems to be even distantly entertaining, (b) worsens when he leaves England. They did two good jobs: first they started their journey back to Europe (although a little more of the actual trip would be welcomed as a prologue); second, they chose an angle and chose their incestuous love for Augusta (who is rather perfectly occupied). The problem with the last thing is that they never left. It is true that Byron remained firmly connected with Augusta for all his life, but mainly because he was such a moody man, the fact that his letters are reflected does not mean that at other times he might not be completely satisfied with life. br /> <br /> Anyway, the first part of the television movie was supposed to end by leaving England. No doubt about it. The only thing is that he began a life of joy abroad (with an infamous Geneva period) but also discovered a new life in Italy, both for his poetry (inspired by the Italian comedy) and for Venice found Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (then at Shelly's request, with Teresa, in Pisa). In other words, he was also liberated *. His mind and life opened (not only in the decadent sense), while England was closed down when it came to the gravitational campaign of the Victorian age. It is true that freedom was without August, but this sweet sweet freedom is tasteful in this movie. We see that the lonely, bored snob is older. I mean, hell, Byron never thought of his poetry until he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! Apart from the poetic and romantic development, his relationship with Shelly (and down-break) should be more documented. It's also in Italy in Ravenna that he engages in politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important because it shows that decadent romantic and ultimately escaped language and Childe Harold's personality is turning into a more realistic and lighter passion for the language and personality of Donovan. Life and work are one. True, still a bit naive, but that's what got him into Greece! The whole thing came in Pisa, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit still lit a spark. Missolonghi was not a bored snob who was suddenly looking for action. It was in Italy (Gambas) that made him act. It can be a symbol for a person who is looking for some ancient combat excitement, while the rest of Europe becomes fixed in the clay of modern reason and conservatism. But it was not just that it was a real inspiration. Meanwhile, Byron wrote a huge amount of don Juan. It is true that its end is a little sad, but it's not like it's worn out. This is the essence of Byron's life: he could have some strong emotional attachment (2: Augusta and Teresa), but he has ALWAYS succeeded in re-appearing. That is, at the end of his life he was not "less" - no, he made a physical and mental journey that at that time was few people ready to do. I wonder . Why is it so often that the second period of Byron's life is overlooked? Because it had less obvious conflicts, because man finally came to himself? When we focus on frustrated English years full of scandals, we have shown that they are not much better than the English aristocracy at the time that Byron so disdained and which, despite the fact that he had no other choice, willingly * escaped in 1816 to find a world that was sufficiently modern and liberal to allow him to find a voice that would make him the first romantic crazy language poet and develop from a self-possessed snobby to a passionate man,
