I think it can summarize this show about everything. Batman TAS may be the worst thing that ever happens to cartoons based on comic books because everything that's coming will be matched with it, and nothing has ever been measured. It's too damn good. Was it good for Batman? "Yeah, but it was not TAS." Is justice a good league? "It's not bad, but it's not TAS." <br /> <br /> Batman is definitely not a TAS, but I will not do it against him. It would be unjust and besides it has a lot of other problems. The concept of a younger, less experienced Batman war crime is great, and sometimes the art is very nice. But for the rest of the time the art is worthless Americanime, and it disturbs the many flaws in the exhibition itself. It is developed, written and designed as Americanime. If I wanted to watch Jackie Chan Adventures, I would watch Jackie Chan Adventures. Or at any time I could push my head into the wall and get the same effect. Joker is a murderous, mentally unstable clown in a suit that uses his intelligence, unpredictability, and clever aids to fight Batman. When he is forced to fight his hands, he either resorts to something cheap or will be totally expelled. It is not intended as a monkey with dreadlocks who know kung-fu and can jump at a distance of twenty feet into the air and accompanied by fast lines. If they wanted to do it with a villain, there were other less important characters that they could use or * breathe * to create a whole new one. And it's not that re-imaginings are a bad thing, do not do me wrong. TAS (there I go again) took Mr. Freeze your standard glacier-dominated B villain and make it into a memorable and morally complex character. Of course, Freeze was not the classic villain at that time, and they improved, but the point is. What Batman does is all you liked about the comics and the Batman tradition, and they are floating on them with a big, stinking dump. Guess what? They are eating corn. It is obvious that this show can not stand against TAS, but it stands on my feet and it still does not work for me. Land is not good and it does not work better. They were written for the demographic data of children under the age of twelve. Can children enjoy shows? Of course they should. This should not be an adult show of genius, nudity and gratuitous violence. The mark of a really good show is that it can be used at different levels of all ages. This show misses this brand. <br /> <br /> Is it a TAS demonstration? No, of course not. The problem is that it's not JLU either.
