I'm a great comedian fan of Batman and I was disappointed when I could no longer find Batman: Animated Series on TV. I was thrilled to discover that there was a new Batman cartoon on TV. I watched the first episode on the day she was the prime minister, and I was very disappointed. First, the animation is very poor. Looks like a left Japanese anime. Then again almost every modern cartoon is. <br /> <br /> The characters are even worse. Batman looks more like Birdman, Catwoman looks more like a Chihuahuawoman, Bane looks more like a red version of Hulk, Penguin is a kung-fu master, Mr Freeze is some undead thing with a glacier on his head and Riddler's Gothic Marilyn Manson looks alike (which is funny, because I do not expect people who are obsessed with riddles and riddles are Gothic). The worst figure is Joker. They turned him into a monkey Bob Marley / Kung-Fu fighter! Joker is supposed to be the worst enemy of Batman, but in this show barely poses a threat because his crimes are so stupid and unnecessary. In one episode he had his plan to give Joker poison in feeding for dogs! Oh, how bad! Batman is a fascinating and intricate character because he is persecuted by the deaths of his parents and is therefore fighting crime. This version of Batman does not seem to be damned to his parents' deaths and is not at all interesting. He is not a detective, just a warrior. If an enemy who can not defeat does not go through the enemy to find out its weaknesses, as if it were a detector, he was able to build a huge combat robot who defeated them. Many times this show does not feel like a Batman show, just another helpless anime that is nothing but a futile fight. The most I hate at this show is what they did to the dares. They carried away everything that made them more sympathetic and relative, and transformed them into stereotypical bad bad boys. Man-Bat is the biggest example. The comic is a tragic scientist who studies bats to find the cure for his deafness. When experimenting with each other, it happens to be a giant creature of bats. In this show is a mad scientist who wants to intentionally turn into a huge bat for no apparent reason. Likewise, they are all villains; none of them, except about one or two, has a real motive for their crimes. The worst characterization is that Mr. Freeze. In the comedy, Freeze was just a crazy scientist until the brilliant writer Paul Dini wrote the BTAS episode "Heart of Ice," which gave Freeze a new source, making him a more tragic, three-dimensional and sympathetic villain. The episode was so popular that the fans accepted it as their true origin, and even used in comics as its origin. Even the filthy film Batman & Robin used as his origin. In this show, he's a little thief of jewels before he becomes Mr. Freeze. Once he became Mr. Freeze, guess what? He's still a little thief of jewels! Great origin. It's no wonder they used it to create Dini. As a Batman fan, I do not like this show just because it's not like a comic because I also liked BTAS, the Batman cartoons that came after it, Tim Burton's Batman films and, of course, excellent films by Christopher Nolan Batman. None of them were 100% loyal to comics, but they were still very good. The problem with this show is that it's not exactly like a comic or BTAS is that it lacks any depth that makes other Batman media so popular. I gave this show so much chances, but the more I look at, the more disappointed me. I miss good old days when Batman cartoons were something everyone could enjoy.
