Only once would I want to see the version of Beowulf, where the writers seem to have the least known knowledge of the original poem. And again, after watching this show, Sci Fi is disappointed. <br /> <br /> I can not suggest that writers understand and analyze a poem in Old English, but I wish they were at least trying to read a translation in modern English and try to build a story based on what they really are. The story is interesting; why add elements of fences that do not exist and destroy the story? What is wrong with text fidelity? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to all kinds of weapons; why imagine a super-crossbow that is incredible and could not exist in this time period (as the previous reviewer rightly pointed out)? Fighting with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. And it is done. No one else took part in the battle. The only way Beowulf could defeat him was by deciding to engage a monster without weapons, which is a mistake made by all the predecessors. Yet, in this version, Danes and Geats fight the beast and Beowulf hacks of Grendel's hand with a sword! Again, why could not they tell what really happened? Personally, I think match between people would be much more interesting. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's a pathetic and silly rendering that's true for the story. Why add a contract with mother Hrothgar and Grendel, which includes a sacrifice? Why create other characters like Finn who do not add anything to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They could not even set up scenes at suitable locations (forests instead of swamps and no lake under the lake). They do not know the metaphor that Grendel's lair says? it should be underground to represent hell. Why not concentrate instead on the symbolism of your own epic? Even my high school students were able to do a lot better last year when they created a short film based on Beowulf because they focused on the themes and symbolism that are the basis of the story. If Hollywood could create a movie that focuses on these elements and is a faithful plot, then it would be a really great movie.
