Where to start? Anachronism? A high quality crossbow with a range of around 500AD? Darts with explosive charges in 500AD? Monster Grendel, who looks like a robokop and apparently never communicates with or turns around any of his weapons? Heart drawn out of the victim's chest without any sense of contact? Maybe a blonde who would have entered a recent fashion show with her makeup and striped hair? An ancient Danish court represented in classical Greek style? The Queen, played by Marina Sirtis, is more devastated by her makeup than madness? The effects are too weak to bring this story. There are some stories that do not mind or even benefit from cheap effects, but Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> And what about characters that seem to jump in attitudes without motivation? The bravado idiot prince, whose home was saved several times by a monster, seems that Grendel has less respect for the dangers he faces than Beowulf, who has been sent away from the country of Geat to help the desperate Danes. In this it feels more like an old cowboy west than any other myth. Beowulf is an ancient story of a period with almost no literary tradition and much of his sentiment, and his drama is obscure. I suspect that any modern narrative that does not make an intelligent attempt to penetrate the darkness must fail. I did not like the last "Beowulf and Grendel," who sees Grendel essentially as a human, and considers Hrothgar and his gifts to be too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks as a duly justified revenge, but I had to respect his revisionist position that Hrothgar Dan was a lot of macho thieves who did not even think that they brought this nightmare on themselves, and that's why the original story of Beowulf, as it was written, was a distortion of a real story. I think it's a lot more complicated than to understand, but Grendel's terrible secret that Grendel's attacks are tied to the previous human victim does not mean that we are really close to the shame Hrothgar and the Danes have experienced. <br /> <br /> This Beowulf has little to recommend it as a traditional myth or as a modern fantasy. I give it 4: higher than it deserves, but I always hope that a bad effort attracts the attention of someone who has a smart story telling. Meanwhile, Sci-Fi filmmaking seems to be following NASA's policy of building up a bunch of probes that are failing than a couple that will succeed.
