La Sanguisuga directs la Danza, or The Bloodsucker leads dance acting, as I think it is a common English title, is set to 'Ireland' in 1902 when the mysterious Count Richard Marnack (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) invites early (Patricia Webley like Patrizia De Rossi) and three of her close friends, Cory (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) and Rosalind (Marzie Damon as Caterina Chiani), are located on a small island just off the coast. First, Evelyn is reluctant, but he believes he agrees that even Samuel (Leo Valeriano) agrees with him. When Count Marnack tells his guests that his father and grandfather have cut off their heads from their cheating women with a ceremonial knife, and there's a feeling of uneasiness when it turns out that Evelyn looks exactly like the current wife's wife who ran away not too long ago. .As we have to take care of strange servants, it turns out that someone wants to use a knife to cut a few heads. <br /> <br /> This Italian production was written and directed by Alfred Rizzo & is complete, complete and complete bull from beginning to end. First, let me play the critique called The Bloodsucker Leads the Dance, let me review this title because if I feel a little deceived that there are no vampires or no form of bloodshed, nobody 'does not' anytime and there there is no dance or dance, so do not expect any of these things. But what you should expect is a boring, boring, boring, useless little "giallo" that lasts over an hour before someone is killed and any secret of murder begins to form, the first hour of La Sanguisuga La Danza's leadership is less conspiratorial and uninteresting as something out there. The best way to imagine is to think about the most difficult porn porn you've ever seen and then cut off most soft-core porn and just leave bad actors, bad dubbing, bad dialogue, soft-core sex and lesbianism, and nothing else. Yes, it's really bad. The mysterious elements are bullshit, people do illogical things for no apparent reason, and too complicated ends of "twist" are just as bad as the rest, Sixth Sense (1999) is not! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi does the work OK and La Sanguisga La Danza has a really nice look and feel, although it is a clear low budget, I think there are scenes showing that the "storm" is raging outside the castle, however the used footage is in Black White! So the movie jumps from bright colors to black and white whenever it cuts on the storm and back into the paint again! There is one absolutely cheerful scene where her friend and her boyfriend discuss her breasts and she lets her friend feel those who are compliments. This scene is so fun and simply unnatural that it's worthless and easy movies the best moment, bad 70 porn would be embarrassing in dialogue! There is minimal nudity and sexual / lesbian scenes are very tame. Forget about any blood or gore, because there is no other than capped head. Technically, movies are pretty good, season setting and production are really quite impressive, even if it is not massive in the scope of effectiveness enough. The film has pleasing colors and cinematography is fine. The film is nicknamed, so it's hard to comment on the original performance, but the voice actors are terrible and the dialogue is even worse than usual. La Sanguisuga La Danza is a terrible movie, it makes no sense, has practically no story for over an hour, maybe has the most misleading title ever and is really boring and boring with the confused stupid "twist" ending. As for the euro horror fans, there are plenty of much better movies than that, so you do not waste time as well as for someone else it's definitely one that you should avoid. (1977) AKA SS The Hell Camp and Beast in Heat was directed by Luigi Batzella and has a rather significant role as a police detective at La Sanguisuga La Danza.
