This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese film. And while I think the original movie was pretty bad, it was a little bit worse when the American film International Movies shattered and put the segments created by the Americans to fool the audience. Now, if your audience is not made out of total idiots, it will be painfully obvious that it has been done - with little finesse or care for the end product. The most important thing is that you have a lot of bright Japanese scenes and then a clear American scene where the film looks completely different. In addition, American scenes really do not make sense, and they consist of two different groups of people at meetings just about Gamers - a bad flying turtle! And although it's a breath of breath, a flying and destructive monster, virtually no energy exists, because I think the actors were just a little embarrassed by being in this filthy movie - especially movie veterans Brian Donleva and Albert Dekker. They both looked tired and bad because they were there. <br /> <br /> As for the monster, he is not as a standard creature as Godzilla. When she saw a giant shriveled turtle, she squeezed her head and limbs and began to spin through the air, as if the rocket was cheerful. On the other hand, in this film, as usual, are standard aircraft aircraft, devastating balsa buildings and power plants, and they are not a surprise. In addition, a special Japanese cliché is included on a monster movie that will genuinely bother most non-Japanese listeners, and it is "a delightful and premature little boy who loves and believes in a monster." Yeah, right. Well, like in GODZILLA VERSUS SMOG MONSTER and a few other movies, you have this unpleasant creep cheering on the monster, although Gamer, unlike the later incarnations of Godzilla, is not a good guy, and in the end he turns out to be an idiot! Stupid, exceptional bad special effects, which could be achieved by better average seven-year-old, bad-acting, insignificant American clips and occasionally zealous voice dubbing, make this poor movie. Special, while most will certainly hate this movie (a silly child), there is a small and very vocal minority that loves these films and compares them with Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - it's a terrible movie! FYI - Obviously due to its amazing scenic presence, Gamer appeared in several other films in the 1960s, as well as in several recent incarnations. None of them will change the central fact that it is a hot torch that breathes the fire, or that movies are really craving.
