Now we are traveling to the parallel universe, where the routine of the great prehistoric cities is part of the daily routine. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodana, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a strange world, and one was even alien, because an unidentified flying turtle called Gamer appeared. Forever in the Shadow of the Monolithic Studio Daie studio studio studio was the most famous samurai saga than the monster. In the mid-1960s, they decided to join the giant reptile race and designed a dueling duel with this successful Mother Godzilla. Wisely they chose Gamer as a flagship - a huge turtle that shoots the flames between her teeth and rotates with air by shooting flames through the shell leg openings (and at one point you almost see the paper mache shell firing fire!). Gamer Invincible's first film (as sold to the US) is the virtual mirror of the first Godzilla movie, just 10 years behind. American fighters are haunted by an unmarked aircraft over the Arctic to its fiery death - a nuclear bomb floating on the deck and waking up the giant Gamer from a cold sleep. Feeding from atomic energy immediately culminates and the world wants to destroy Gamer once and for all, but a small Japanese boy named Kenny who has a psychical connection with a giant turtle and even keeps a miniature aquarium version that Gamer is essentially kind and good. Like a little Jewish boy with Hitler. "Gamer is a good tortoise," he begs, then he gets killed and faces his face as if someone has gone to the coconut. The world leaders are wonderfully listening to him, and so Z-Plan begins to save the world and Gamer before total destruction. Released in 1965, Gamer was a surprising hit. The unpleasant child's anthropomorphism actually worked on children's audiences in Japan and the US, and the view of the Gamer on the two-foot Tokyu miniature and the North Pole is wonderfully chintzy. The most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight Original Gamer films and the rest of the recent remakes. It's not bad for a mutant plague whose only friend is an eight-year-old milquetoast - and when I hear that "Gamer is the friends of all children," I'll crush Tokyo again. It seems to be an easy task in a parallel universe where the kids are clever and the turtles are larger than the Seiko billboard in 1965 the turtle-fest Gamer.
