With the growing popularity of the now famous Godzilla series, as well as any hit cinema, it has inevitably become a mob of imitators who are trying to make a great lizard success. Godzilla came to the dawn of rising popularity of the kaiju genre (a huge monster). Many were looking for success; several have earned it. One of the few who not only profited, but gained the popularity of Gamer, a huge turtle that could breathe the fire in and out and fly by flames coming out of the sockets in his jacket as a means of a current drive. But unlike Godzilla, Gamer was sold as a friend to all children, later fighting other monsters to save children in danger, and so Gamer became very popular among children. Unfortunately, this is the only general group of publications that the original Gamer series will have a challenge. While the new Gamers movies directed by Shusuka Kanek are amazing, revolutionary monster films, the original series, including the original, there is nothing special. The first film Gamer, titled in Japan as "Giant Monster Gamer" was clearly Godzilla wanted to be. Even though the film was produced at the time of color films, it was shot in black and white. Why? Imitate the first film of Godzilla from the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first film. I do not know much about the Japanese version, because the version I introduced to the American version, where the cut scenes were inserted and new shots with American actors were inserted (is it a coincidence that it happened with the first Godzilla movie?) Whether it adds or removes it from film, I can not say. But "Gammer invincible" is nothing more than a rough drill that just resembles a big turtle. <br /> <br /> "Gammera Invincible" is a very routine film. The characters come from science fiction, the story is sad, the monster has no real motive for attacking civilization, it's ridiculous, and so on, and so on. The only thing that distinguishes it from the Godzilla series is the end of the movie, but it's also an attacker, since the plan that eventually stops Gamer's storms is totally false and ridiculous. The rest of the film and many other contributions in this genre also correspond to this description, but it is a horribly scary film about a monster. And although Shusuke Kaneko later transformed Gamer into an interesting monster with his trilogy in the 1990s in the original Gamer series, it was not an attractive screen. He was neither frightening nor compassionate. She is just turning like a toddler, swinging with each step and tapping on miniature sets. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamer except for a small child (Yoshio Uchida, who was lazily left out of credits, even though he plays a "central" role) who thinks Gamer is a pretty turtle. <br /> <br /> The majority of movies in the genre that "Gammer invincible" is part of are easy targets for criticism and this is subject to additional pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla-imitators, this Gamer movie is not particularly good entry. And as far as my movie experience is concerned, the rest of the films in the series are just as boring or worse. Like Godzilla, Gamer will be shot in color and continue fighting monsters. And just like Godzilla, every movie will be cheaper and cheaper until it's time to revive the series and make it serious again. It's strange. I usually recommend that people resort to the originals and hand over the remake. But in the case of Gamer, my statement is the opposite. I strongly urge people to watch the 1990 Gamers trilogy by director Shusuke Kaneko and skip the original series if they are not interested in it. New movies are imaginative, well-made, exciting and above all entertaining. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
