I did not really comment, but then I thought I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago and although I think it's not a complete waste of time (maybe it was for the maker), it's obvious that it has serious problems. It has really good cinematography and (but little) nice music. There was a lot about Ana Cristina Oliveira, but are we sincere for what? She is not really an actress, and she is constantly being exported between excessive and absurd sub-negotiations. Her performance is good, because no one else like Odete was in any other movie: Crazy? sad? childlike? cheat? no one knows, friends. So it's a bit dictating rules here. I thought this film is also a good example of the problem most of the Portuguese films suffer from: soundtrack. There is a permanent NO to dubbing and the result is this usual noise that comes from blue. People from other countries may think that Portugal is the loudest place. What aroused me, however, was that one of the dialogues was dubbed, but it does not necessarily solve the syndrome. I have to say wrong dubbing. It is strange to watch a movie in which the first thing that appeals to me on the first scene when the first actor speaks to them is that it is dubbed. And all this says the film has technical problems. It also has script problems. It will try to be classic from the first to the last scene. Desperate fear of things being suspended and showing it. The writer, of course, was trying to get everything in the corner, and he ... it shows it! All dialogs are too expositive and not the only piece of speech that sounds like the movie line. It's a bit raw and a little unpleasant. Not that the film is a complete mess, I must emphasize. I think the good parts are so obvious that I prefer to concentrate on the bad ones. Direction brings a weak scenario. All the pictures are classic and non-innovative, but their beautiful. Great work by Rui Pocet. By the way, what I think is a problem, one that leads people to believe this story and laughs in the movie instead of taking it seriously: Whoever plays the kid who dies is not an actor. In fact, this is a relatively important role and I do not know why non-actors are occupied for such parts. This man is neither an actor nor a looking man. Which means that the whole movie is rolling down the mountains because we never thought that this beautiful woman is obsessed with him even though he is gone and that his beloved lover who survives is in fact the wrong time to get over loss, we see that this character is apathy. Very bad. The world is full of beautiful people who even become sweet lovers. The world is full of good actors who are also cute boys and are capable of causing obsession with people after they leave. The world is full of great movies as well as great movies. C'est la vie!
