I read one more review that expressed the view that the platon was a never-ending cycle of sailors who would kill people, be killed, take drugs, and talk about waste. I do not agree with this, because the movie actually had but that's the way I see what this person is trying to say: it had no real plot - which is the point I agree with. It's a funny stone at its best. He really wanted to show not only how the war is leading to death, but also how it is extremely traumatic to those who survive. Unfortunately, the film seems to celebrate this aspect and the spectacular finale is simply a champagne, magnificent, Oscar-winning "to create a permanent image" for my desire. The problem I have with Stone and other creators of his film is that they do not understand this simple concept: depicting the terribly bloody, lethal waste that the war does not or whether it is unrealistic if it was an unjust or immoral war. We have seen the same thing that has now emerged with Iraq. If you miss this point, let me tell you plainly: if you saw how truly bloody the World War II is and how destructive it is in the life of the surviving soldiers, do you think it was an unjust war? If this fact alone does not convince you that it is an unfair war, why would the depiction of the horror of Vietnam convinced that it is wrong to go to war in this case. <br /> <br /> I personally do not support America's decision to go to war in Vietnam, but I certainly do not accept "this war is bad because people die and suffer" theory. I do not think motivation is always wrong, just because the war itself is terrible. It does not say anything about the final or last big "twist" being a little stupid. However, this is not the first departure from Stones. Wall Street has been a wonderful movie, up to the last 30 minutes or so when it makes a terrible "bad turn." JFK is probably one of the few films that Stone really did. But this is hard, because there was very little conspiracy until the film was shot. And that's why I gave her such a low mark. It was practically unthinkable and ultimately boring - unless you fell into pain.
