I have a serious problem with this show, a few actually. The simple list is enough for now, deeper into depth: superficial characters, laughter and boredom. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to look at the rest of this (as if you were seeing something in this show I did not) on a frequently scared teenager from Canada. Summary: Friends are upset, not only because it's not working but because it has destroyed the TV audience for new, good shows (armed development, Dexter, etc.). Friends are just like the culprits of reality television, "two and a half men" and "king of queens" as well as television directors. Now with an overview. <br /> <br /> These characters have no soul, they are absolutely the same in all directions (except for gender and hair color). They react in the same way to boring situations and are completely safe in their own body. Where is the conflict and the humor that comes with him? Why does Rachel not attack Monica after Monica starts hanging with Rachel's enemy? Why does Joey not think of suicide because it seems that nobody took him seriously? Okay, because he's the fool and he's happy with that. This is a curse with perfect characters: permanent conflict and (God forbidden) personality become impossible. Laughter is the only thing she should die right after she was born. Every show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of fun. How can I make such a broad generalization? When a show that claims to be a "comedy" requires laughter from somebody who rewards audiences, it must mean that viewers will not laugh at him. Laughtracks will destroy humor by preventing a quick return. Humor becomes a construct rather than a free-flowing entity (see Office, arrested development). This leads to my next point: humor is boring. There is no way to make the perfect character any more than a bit humorous (apparently without laughter) simply because our daily humor comes from knowing our defects. And what if Monica was born 17 years old? He immediately realizes that what he does is not right and he will say goodbye to him. There must be a conflict rather than an immediate solution. Maybe her mother finds out if one of her friends is trying to get rid of him and eventually seduces him. It would be great, it would be like a war binding! So now I have provided evidence of my position. Many of my friends love this show because they have not heard about the limitations of your enthusiasm or arrest, many of my friends hate this show because they have recently watched to suppress your enthusiasm or arrest. <br /> <br /> I watched very few "friends" in my life, but I watched it so much that I discovered huge mistakes that, in my opinion, are completely inconsistent. If you've read so far, thank you and I hope you at least start watching some of the performances I mentioned.
