The last station, Michael Hoffman's melodrama of the last few months in Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with mist and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in Yasnaya Polyana, walks and writes and sees her with his wife and adherents of her "movement," dedicated to his ideas of pacifism, vegetarianism, sexual abstinence, and communal property that gathered in the forest camp near. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren), is openly waving the head of her Chertkov movement (Paul Giamatti), who claims in his effort to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights to his work against the Russian people, trying to steal the wealth owed to her by her men before death. All this is seen by Tolstoy's new manager, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive adherent who is torn between his love for the man and the worry of his wife. Hoffman's script, based on the novel by Jay Parini, often turns into confused territory, creating a complex tangle of threads and opaque motivations that ultimately will not solve in a satisfactory way in itself. The scope of the film is magnificent and its story should reflect just as much as Tolstoy, whose faith has overtaken in some ways both the Bolsheviks and the pacifists like Ghandi. Unfortunately it is not, it is insurmountable and builds with a great mood that is constantly breaking into nothingness. The three-way relationship between the Church, faithful Sophia, and the unbelieving Tolstoy is often referred to. In the last part of the film, the mute priest even appears in a magnificent hat, but the script never extends to it because it is inconveniently inserted into the story as an attempt to enrich it or provide some form of historical precision. There's a lot of detail in the movie, but most of them are not paying enough attention, so the movie felt overcrowded, overloaded, energetic, but unfortunately insignificant. At heart, love is the story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and the story, as mysterious and cramped as it is, is the reason why the film is watching. Mirren and Plummer are undoubtedly the best in the movie. Plummer's Tolstoy is vague, confused and determined, fearful and full of joy and certainty. Mirren Sophie is in complete panic, in a fairly tearful state, forced to watch and expects to be silent when her husband gives away his time, his property and his money to people who are undoubtedly devoted, but also clearly in his own agenda. These are great performances, all the more so because of the immense gap between the real importance of the couple's position in history and the ability of the script to support both Sophia and Tolstoy appearing to be the only filmmakers to decide on Mirren and Plummer. the best of what is modest material. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, are unable to do the same, and Giamatti Chertkov seems neither a revolutionary nor a thief (and not both at once), but rather a cipher, a rack for a whole package of unsolved anxieties and broken historical impulses. The scope of this sentence will never change, hit it, come to the power of Plummer and Mirren and not much. It's interesting and nice but ultimately unresponsive. 4.5 / 10
