What a great actor he has in such a terrible story ... The film and its production are quite good, though in London, but with exteriors in Bristol. Does not matter ?? you saw one cathedral, you all saw them. The story, however, is about a man born with the power to cause death and destruction of someone and anything if he did. With a mere reference to true examples of telekinesis, he tells the story of a man who has been abused and mistaken as a boy, a teenager, and finally a man; so much that they actually invent revenge by consciousness. In time, he concludes that the whole world is heading badly, and so decides to destroy the lot? just by thinking about it! The problem with narrative, however, is that it seeks to combine real scientific data about strange mental forces and bring them together with quasi-religion to create a throw-podge theory about all of them. Mixing reality and fantasy in this fashion rarely works? and I am afraid that Richard Burton had to overcome some of the terrible things he was trying to convince. His best scene is, however, when he gave his wife and her lover the word of mouth when they left their home: a sharp, humorous and deadly dialogue, just as Burton. helps make things look and handle much better, though, starting with Lino Ventura, which I last saw in Garde A Vu (1981) as Inspector Brunel; Harry Andrews as Assistant Commissioner; much underestimated by Lee Remick as Dr. Zonfeld; Derek Jacobi as the publisher of Towney and several other famous personalities. <br /> <br /> I like the way the story was presented as a flashback in the memories that filled the back story and thus solved the instant secret of attempting to murder Morrara (Richard Burton), a writer with the disposition of the killer. Until then, Brunel and his English helper were a good part of visual detective work. Yet it was very predictable, because it was obvious to me that this was the identity of the future killer. They then went and broke the last fifteen minutes. If you want to know what it is, think Samson and Delilah (1949), from the famous Cecil B. de Mille, and how Samson got to the bad guys at the end. And the last scene is just stupid. Why? Given that there are at least 100 ways to make Morlar's rampage stop, absolutely. Pity, because it could have been a much better story and movie. I think Burton really needed money. If you are a Burton fan, then spend the time seeing the scene I mentioned above. Otherwise do not bother.
