This incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girl classmates) piloting a huge robot that prevents Japan from invading beings called the Angels. Angels has very little explanation or reasons why their numbers have increased recently and seem to be nothing out of the blue for any obvious reason (why not attack at once instead of the remote intervals that are suitable for the people you are trying to destroy?) . Robot scenes try to take advantage of a number of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring. Almost every episode seems like a loss of a place where nothing is interesting. Some may be interested in fans who (very few) refer to symbolic references here, but they are all - shallow, one-off to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly cast in zero craft. Overall, the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, which are in fact nothing more than self-controlled crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplifying conflicts such as "I hate my father," repeatedly and over and over again and again, without progressing beyond its nominal value. There is no doubt that these characters are throwing this series out of the permeating passage to writhing waste during the final episodes, with their infinite, scrupulous diatribes of overly repetitive psychobabbles (some of which are totally insignificant). <br /> <br /> I'm not kidding when I say this series has worsened and worsened. Every day I looked at a DVD set sitting on a living room table and said, "Damn, I have to watch another episode (sigh). The real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, yet they managed to divert to come to a totally uninteresting borefest in the initial ten minutes, this comes from a man who will happily sit in 150 minutes of glacial stimulation films, so my criticism of this series is really a shame. <br /> <br /> Never in my life I hated watching the series much like "Evangelion." I bought it on the basis of all the fanciful comments on IMDb, and I did not want to let it go when I spent the money after spending my hard earned money, followed by 10 hours of pure and unlimited torture. and anime hatred becomes a relationship of hatred / love after this highly recognized disaster. The "Evangelion" represents everything that would the anime should not be - a massive amount of boring, intelligent cinema. Universal recognition for this piece of crap is simply unbelievable; and the ridiculous claim of fans that this series as "one of the greatest achievements of humanity" is probably the most stupid comment I have ever heard of IMDb - and I have seen some dozen.
