Occasionally I see some of this show because my wife sometimes watches. I try to enjoy it because it is a basic idea that helps the family, but for me it does several things. Each episode follows the same format, where it seems that many parts are completely sketched (which are) and tears flow seemingly flowing. An attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mixture of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real shutdown for me. The fact that anyone who gives something to the house, whether it be Sears or who has to join to be generous, is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with all this is that what a tremendous amount of money and a small army of laborers need to be combined to create amazingly above the top home for one family. Now I know that this amount of money is nothing but a drop in the Disney / ABC bucket, but how much could be done for more people with the amount to be put into one house? Instead of concentrating on one family and getting them all crying during the episode why will not help 10 families and show highlights? Is not life difficult for an average person? Why do I need help finding things that might be sad, why not show something really inspiring without being manipulative? Knowing what is happening to these families is good, but they are also used for evaluation. You can not tell me they're not trained for training. I think that when I see that these people are moving to a house that most people who work hard in the US can not afford their children, it really worries me. I can not help but think about what could really be done with a small part of Disney money. Instead of having a family member with a flat-screen TV or a personal shower that tells you the water temperature and fire from the ceiling, why not help more people to afford food, clothing, education and health insurance? I know we can have fun and have a good scream. As for money, I feel like Oprah. I do not think anyone could really imagine the amount of money he has. Yes, her recent reality show has done good things, but when she gave $ 30,000 to every lost "contestant," I'm sitting here thinking she's a summer salary for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not let me start playing games. So I realize that Extreme Makeover Home Edition "does good", but forgive me if I see it as self-service than myself. Is there anyone who would feel like that?
