I am a Christian, and I say that this film had terrible acting, unrealistic situations, and the foremost front of Christianity. You can also watch "Remember the Titans" and at least not place Christ in football as a steroid formula for the losers. Allow me to make some really urgent comments on what has bothered me in this film. <br /> <br /> 1. The school was in Georgia and was a white academy. At school I did not notice a single black student or player. These are the white "Christian" academies in the south and were built for a different reason than the restoration of segregation. It is disturbing when the film about Christianity and Christ is changing lives ... how to change the hearts of segregation? (note: I loved the black coach's token, just like for a totally white team and all the black players "Giants") <br /> <br /> 2. Uncritical recognition for all Christians about this movie. I can tell a couple of people that it was bad behavior, bad filming, bad writing and short-lived poor people compared to other movies. If we compare it to another football movie, will it have the same charisma and energy? <br /> <br /> 3. The anointed Christianity that was proven to me was even less reasonable than the unrealistic ending. If Christianity simply reads small scriptures and prays for a complete change of life, then do not wonder when nobody will listen to what Christians are saying. We want to sell Christ as a cure - everything. He does not need to sell, and he does not have to connect to such fabulous lifestyles. No wonder everybody considers Christianity to be counter-intelligent with this unreal presentation. I admit that this film can be inspiring for a few people. It will not be the most. It does not provide a real picture of the fight and heart stress. The most important thing for me is that he is not a Christian in any way. It has values, but it is somewhat abbreviated as the "pull out of effort" message as superficial as positive thinking. If you live next to people who fight and / or live in third world conditions, this film will be empty because most churches are today in their religion.
