This film is not about football at all. It's about Jesus / GOD! It's the same sort of furious sacramental religious spirit you get from the arched idiots who fight for Jesus or that they draw iron for Jesus. Yeah, Jesus was utterly reassured, he liked contact styles and definitely had a complete set of silly bells. DUHHH! This film should be called "Hiking for Jesus" or something similar, just to let the public know that the real purpose of this film is to turn people into Christianity and suppress those whose brains have been thoroughly washed in the blood of lamb. That the title is derived from the Bible, it is clear that the head coach reads the Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent Invincible sports movie was 100 times more inspiring than it was, and Jesus was not a factor. It was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream. Any widespread appeal as an inspiring sporting movie is eventually lost in the midst of all crazy biblical and crazy religious propaganda. One has the impression that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make a positive profit if you accept Jesus as your personal rescuer. But that's simply not true, and that's why they're the lighters that keep those who believe it's true and want to believe it all. The image of the winning athlete, who thanks Jesus when he wins, comes straight into the mind. What does he do if he loses? Curse of Jesus? Of course not! When he loses Jesus, he is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And logic goes round, round and round, and it ends exactly where the real believer needs to be, every time! I had to retreat when there was a scene with a coach who got a brand new car to stop on the floor with laughter and breath. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. It seems strange to me that most so-called "Christians" either forget or ignore this message from their "rescuer," especially when I see Jesus fish on the back of a huge gas SUV that goes through like I'm standing still. The next message this film suggests is that Jesus obviously is more interested in records of losing the victory of the middle football team, which makes millions of hungry children in the world. The final scene, in which an uncertain and uncertain kicker dresses a 51-holes field field and is like an incredibly incredible miracle, brings the final gag me with a spoon of religious red flag on this turkey. I just gave him three stars because the kid who played the black coach could actually act.
