I was justified and disdained with my Christians for disappointing with this film. I get into persecution as follows: "I can not believe you did not like it! They were totally Christians!" "Everybody gave their time and no one was paid for a movie, made by a church and not by Hollywood, we should spend money on such films! We only used $ 100,000 for the movie." "It's a real church and a Christian school in Georgia, the preacher wrote it and drove it." So it seems that the reason I should love this movie is simply because it was made and the minimum amount of money was used to do it and it was made by Christians. That's all I need to love a movie for me. Look, I have a movie without knowing COSTEM about the background of the movie. I have never heard of it, and I had no idea - except football - what it was about. I watched it as if watching another movie and was disappointed. I was disappointed with poor editing and chrome script. After the peak I was very disappointed. Do not worry. There were other cheap movies and other movie films that received less respect from me. It's not about filming a movie. It's the end product. The writer acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to everything we pray for in the way we want but to show that he has the belief that God is changing our lives. It is true. But God can change our lives and we are still barren. God can change our lives and we will not get better from our profession. God can change our lives and our car is still old jalopy. God can change our lives and our house is still stinking. Why did not he say it in the movie? Others have expressed their affairs to the writer / director, but seemingly defensive. I did not think that acting was horrible, or a lot of landscape shots. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing his amazing strength and our weakness. Writing and direction were very weak. This is easy to distinguish because many of the characters have no development. Everything we really get from a coach's wife is that she is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). It seems like there is only a player with a ball that has the potential to have an interesting character and which has been cut into pieces to "I have a dead father and I can not play football well, but I kick the winning terrain even though I have never kicked the real terrain." Another problem was the Christian school itself. Umm, I worked in two Christian schools, I walked on and had many other nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. Overall, I had some very close links with about ten different ones. None of the problems I have seen in all these schools has been solved. I saw it as totally unreal in the film about their school and wished to manifest the human factor. It would be nice to see the dose of reality and how God can work. I conclude by saying that every piece of art - written or drawn on some instrument - shares an artistic worldview. The world view that was shown to me in this film is that "people who pray in the right way, win ball games, get new cars, start when they can not, get up and get their house - span." I know. I should love the film just because of the honesty of the people who did it. I think I should love the movie because it was done well and for no other reason.
