Interestingly, 90% of high-rated reviews consist of a "* random username *" from the "United States" (no state pride?) Who all say the same thing with exactly the same grammatical style and all with exactly the same complete scarcity taste in movies. I would be immersed in this suspicious trend, but unfortunately, it's a review of the film and not the review itself. <br /> <br /> Let me start by saying that I am both a Christian and a really passionate movie fan. That means I've seen a lot of movies, from good to bad, and I can no doubt say that Facing The Giants is not really a good movie. It has good intentions, but it does not meet many (if any) basic standards that I associate with a high-quality film experience. They play: mostly horrible, tasty at best. Hearing that most of them were volunteers, I'm not surprised at all. Dialogue: The clumsy, sober, scenario comes out as a long version of some of the cheese skittles that you would see in a Sunday school or youth group function. Rave Review Robots deviate in the absence of "insignificant words," but the cold hard truth is that such words are part of the real world and total absence is tangible. Let's say the average team coach team team in the state championship should say a lot more than "OH NO!" when things do not happen. <br /> <br /> Plot: Mind-bogglingly predictable. It was commented that this film is a "no hollywood cliché", and yet it's as if it was drawn directly from making Underdog a sports movie for the Dummies (including the obligatory quasi-romantic subplot for the ladies) and simply had a Christian theme. coat painted paint. I do not blame or blame when I say I had almost every important detail in the picture and in the subplot as soon as it appeared. Only someone who has never seen a decent sports film in their entire lives would be emotionally conceived by the story that was introduced here. Direction / Editing: It was also a pattern almost exactly after the generic Underdog Sports Movie Template. Still, when he was a party, there were not many observable goofs, so at least Facing The Giants was technically competent. Message: Ask Jesus and He will give you all your wishes. Part of me hoped that this film would end up in eventual defeat of the team to really highlight the whole article "If we lose, we praise you" because in the real world you fail at one moment or another and it is good to be ready for it. But in the world of giant giants, if you fail, someone is either picking up or cheating. Another interesting question is, what if the Eagles met with another team that won the religion? Would they be captured in an endless loop of miraculous games and save at the last moment, or would the universe simply explode? <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: For a hardcore conservative Christian parent crowd who laments evil in Hollywood, Facing The Giants will be another average Christian film that will hold onto the pedestal as a preferred model for modern film production. For everyone else, they will have effects from boredom to burning desire to watch something else. And warning: Any attempt to show it to the non-Christians does not lead to reversal, but to ridicule. I give two stars, one for one scene that did not have to turn my eyes and another for basic technical knowledge with a low budget.
