I watched this movie in a group of young people where my intuitive young man and his wife convinced me. Some grown-ups at the christmas party are deceived to give a copy of this film to every visiting family, and now my household is stuck with the film (although fortunately it still remains in the wrapped box). I cried bitter tears over these sad events, and here's why: First: this movie has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This movie is trying to show that you should put your faith in God and that it will make your life better. It's not so bad, is it? Eh. It turned out that it was a problem - big. This film was created by the church, so of course every question must be as beautiful as possible for Christians. Everything is black and white, no gray areas. God's grace and will in this film is a predictable thing and comes immediately to all those who make his offer. This is not the God I know. This is not the Christian life I'm used to. The God I believe in is a strong and trustworthy God, but it is not what my wishes give me. I watch Him as best as possible, although it is often difficult; but the soccer team in this movie will find its humility and self-control much easier than anyone should ever find. I do not agree with cardboard cutouts that have changed from bad to good in several structured film scenes. And as I follow his commandments, as described in the Bible, I certainly will not find myself blessed as these characters do. The biggest of my immediate rewards is that I have done the right thing; everything else comes with long, chaotic and demanding work. But take an example of this movie: Grant Taylor football coach at Shiloh Christian School, which had 6 lossy seasons. He could lose his job above him, and he and his wife have little money. They want a baby, but the doctor tells him to be sterile. And his car does not work. And the boys in their soccer team are disrespectful to their parents, screaming for their millions of losses and bad kicking of field targets. This is certainly one community that is trying to calm down. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides to have confidence in all God! And he passes his faith to his team. So far so good. Not for a long time. When they begin to listen, they literally bury POUR. Students suddenly stop respecting their parents; the school has a great "revival"; the team will win every game; they even win a big championship against the toughest team in the league! Coach Taylor's work is assured; the school brings him a new glossy car as a present (which by the way is the embodiment of gas workers in good weather); he gets an increase; his wife (get it) even gets pregnant from her sterile semen! And the skinny kid can kick his first darn target, no matter how important it is! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord and so on and so on! ... <br /> <br /> Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ so dry. Yes, in my family there were great miracles, as well as the gifts and comfort of the creature, and I attribute them to God's grace and mercy. But God is not a faucet that turns on and off by being good or bad! It is a great mystery; His gifts come unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really do it. It's a long, heavy fun on the way to filling and things NEVER look the way you thought it would be. This movie has good intentions. But due to its supernatural fluency and complete escape, it tanks enormously at 1/10. The bad guys of bad acting and sports films seem to be just pimplesy next to the lewd shines that inadvertently push this movie. For all future churches that are planning to shoot a movie: Do not be afraid to show real life, you even have to add some inconvenient truth to the mix. Whether it's an ordinary population overwhelmed with this candy sweater, no one has learned it in any way. Give us meat, bones, things REAL! Real life is valid for all, not just for Christians, and that is one aspect "Facing the Giant" could not understand.
