The scarecrows are one of those films that, with a little more acting, a little more direction and much more story-telling logic, would be quite overwhelming as an entry into horror. At the stage it's still a scary movie that has solid make-up and gore effects and a prerequisite that keeps the mood of horror. And hey, no youth is killed one by one - just stupid adults, so it's a refreshing change of pace. The conspiracy line is amazingly similar to Dead Birds, with a raging robbery, a deserted, haunted house in the middle of nowhere and demonic monsters. But like dead birds, adults are still hopeless, running helplessly before they defeat one another, and they ignore the obvious danger. In Strašáci, however, we will never find supernatural reason, and it keeps the atmosphere of crawling. And like clowns, scarecrows can be very scary; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. An escape from a kidnapped plane with a pilot and his daughter, after a robbery of robbery by millions, the para-military gang is doubled by one of their own; a very nervous guy named Burt. He jumps out of the plane with a big and heavy box that holds money and apparently has no plans to move him as soon as he is on the ground. To be the most stupid of a bunch, first murdered. But not before he was in Fowler's residence, he was stuck in a strand of scary ghosts, surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire, and a lot of warnings to stay away. And the strange weather on the roof, with fork and pterodactyl, should be a warning sign. The interior of the house is also pretty preoccupied (for us in the audience, anyway). <br /> <br /> We are unpleasant to listen to Burt's thoughts in his voice as he passes and mysteriously knocks the key to the broken truck in the yard. The way the sprout jumps would be enough if my pants - with me - were flying out of the door. Maybe it's just me, but I really like watching the human lips move on the screen, even if they're just thinking out loud. It helps to intensify the action and gives actors more than just what the voice says. Burt raises the trunk on the truck and makes his escape. Sure why not? neglected trucks always have a lot of gas, especially with today's prices and batteries? no problem. Now I've mentioned that Burt is the dumbest of a bunch, and here's why (apart from the above, of course). Wear night vision goggles to walk through the leaves and find the house, take them away to pull the car and instead turn on the headlights and find out where it is going. Of course the scammers still see the lights of their car on the plane and know where they are heading. Brilliant. He deserves to die. Definitely. I'm not sure why he needed night vision goggles because every scene is bright, from the interior of the plane to the night scenery and the house. The cameraman was a. Myopic, b. Only outdoors, or c. Dealing with a really cheap film. <br /> <br /> Burt meets his extinction when the car dies in the middle of nowhere. Go find out. One very nice touch, and I have to admit there is a couple in the movie, it's the fact that when the car's lid opens, there is no engine. Horrified to be sure (and re-insert notes). Story logic fails when the dead, now full-like-mud-with-money-and-straw-Burt returns to the house. The rest of the pile is there, harsh it, then realize that he is really dead, and he was drunk and full of a fender with money and straw. Dead Burt, however, can cope and grab a fellow by mouth, pushing him through the window and causing him to bit more than he can chew on the gorylicious scene. At this point, you would think they would drive out of the house and back into the plane - but noooo, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, Burt's deadly episode is rather harsh, though one bright bulb in the group claims, "Burt was walking for the dead, for chrissakes!" The stolen money suddenly appears on the land outside the house and cheaters blithely go for bait. Soon the next one, Jack, is sent out and the scene is well done and scary, including a dull hand and no anetsy. Now there are three scarecrows who make a quarrel, and one of them needs a hand, literally. When one of the scammers sees the scarecrows and Jack gets scared, he screams and runs like hell and shoots the gun in a typical para-military way. So much for everything under pressure. He meets the others and stops in his footsteps to explain why he screams, runs away like hell and shoots the gun, even though the scarecrows seem to be chasing him. Again, the scripting logic ... Sometimes, gutted, Jack goes back to the house and talks with the usual results. If you're listening to Jack's demonic chatter, by the way, you may notice, depending on your age, that it's the same sound that breaks out, as is often the case in Lost In Space TV episodes. The last two surviving race from home and back to the plane, barely escaping. But what? You will have to see the movie to find out.
