I was looking at SCARECROWS because it was buzzing around me. Well, I can not imagine anyone loving this movie because it's bad, bad, bad. Obviously, anyone who shot this film knows nothing about the only thing about horror. The whole story is an unsuccessful marriage of two genres: action film (weapons and criminals) and horror (living scary). When criminals are murdered individually by looking for scarecrows, both genres are automatically abolished because they are first criminals and who are interested in criminals and secondly because they are stupid criminals! Having them the zombie scarecrows just does not work. Where is the horror? I wanted the criminals to die of terrible, painful deaths. But the story is so poorly constructed that this marriage of genres, which could be original, if it does well, NEVER gels. We're just left, there are a lot of super dirty criminals and lots of scarecrows who are "alive" from any fragile reason the filmmakers think. It is aggravated by the fact that cinematography is terrible (like television) and a worse misdemeanor, all the cells of the dialogue are told on CB and we are constantly hearing an unpleasant dialogue talking about disconnected pictures as if we were watching some radio show. This part was really bad. The director should be shot in place to come up with such a silly idea! I can not tell you how unpleasant it was. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned earlier, criminals in SCARECROWS are amazingly stupid. For example, when someone suddenly appears, gutted and filled with money and straw (yep, straw) in his huge open wound, the others ask, "What drug is he?" after shooting a lot of shells, they can not kill him (he was "zombiefied" by scarecrows). Get a crazy track, crazy. I've never seen such stupid people in the movie. And then there's a girl. I wanted one of the ghosts to kill her quickly because there was pain in her ass. When she finds out that her father is stuffed with a "fear" of a scarecrow, she really blames the criminals into an embarrassing scene, although criminals can not do it. What a change! But scarecrows are the greatest weaknesses of this very weak movement. They are not frightening. Nothing about them is explained. It's just a fence in this movie full of movies. Mr. Wesley, shooting the scarecrow's face for 30 seconds continuously, has nothing but complete boredom. And the scene with the talking head in the fridge. Thank you for laughing. Overall, it had to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen (and I've seen a lot of movies today!) Between the terrible SILO KILLER or SCARECROWS, I'd like to watch SILO KILLER again. Yes, SCARECROWS is so bad.
