The orange tone of everything was just funny. Oh, yes, the main character lives in a ghetto that is orange-toned by orange people. Meanwhile, to physically escape from this overwhelming body's poverty, she plays a full-featured video game (angry that no rules are clear and no logic follows the game). She apparently earns the game, but she is revealed that she is not a game company employee. Lots of unreadable pauses later the story goes slowly. It uses a fairly orange interface with a computer with an operating interface that is so noticeably annoying and I can only believe that it should go into the future. <br /> <br /> So far, I'm the audience, basically wondering why a precious time is losing a precious game when it barely needs life? Oh yeah, playing games is fun, but what is the moment you're almost hungry? While she is getting rid of her life, she plays some deceptive, even more orange-colored chrome full-featured video game, her dog is leaving (probably looking for owner who at least gives her a moment of attention and regularly feeds her) or is (while she ignores her miserable orange- reality). Meanwhile, she dresses over a game, her game team loses the whole unimaginable film. Yawn. So he wants to be the best of the best, go after them Ash Catchem (all of us have to get bored). Golly, this main character is upset even as a human being and has no redeemed qualities in addition to her physical beauty (which she could somehow replace in order to escape her overwhelming poverty). So she has reached the "real" level, and at least it's not terribly crazy, and she's been sent to kill a former coma mate mentally living at a "real" level. Finally, it's a boring, boring, orange-colored film that's no longer boring to watch, but has the potential to say something like this, "the main character is captured in imaginative computer poverty and really in the real world." Maybe he's going to do a murderous act and live in the real world now? Well, she kills the guy and disappears in the digital effect. Wow! Thanks to the idiot director. You feel, you feel, director. Here the director had a chance to redeem easily by burying this miserable fragile, moronic cruel film with a philosophical step. <br /> <The director could say, "THE REAL WORLD is there, and if you live in it and help make it better, it will not be a raw orange color of poverty." It's a clever way to make this suction-movie a reviving slow lesson about basic civic pride (for 1% of viewers who did not find anything they really enjoyed at this time, or film masochists). <br /> <br /> No, the director. The director had to move it by throwing some rough digital effect and destroying all the chances of redemption for this terribly miserable movie, which was a waste of money, a waste of time and a loss of audience confidence. <br /> <br /> Then it ends. Good weapons. I hope the director is losing it. I give this HACK to the "Avoid Everything" list for all the other movies to which its name is attached.
