You get a gift. It is well packed. The box to which it is inserted is hand-made of the finest wood and shows skill up to the smallest details. It is then wrapped in beautiful paper, hand-painted and hand-painted by the most talented artists. The whole thing is wrapped in ribbons of fine silk lace. It is a view that can be seen. <br /> <br /> Then you cut the ribbon, pulled the paper, opened the box and found ... nothing. These are toys. You will have either a cover or you forget it. The film is not without its goal and goals: War is not a good thing. Well, it's not the original! The morale is so obvious that it is almost embarrassing to even point it out. And even that subtle look is undermined by a story in which elements of war-war toys are obviously a bad thing until they need an exciting culmination, and the film simulates war using innocent toys. It's like someone who is proclaiming a strict, condescending sermon only to end by saying, "I'm just kidding." But even as an empty box, the film did not look carefully. Yes, it's a look that I look at some notable, striking images. Sets are imaginative, and cinematography captures colorful scenes with skill. But the images are cold and emotionally sterile. Like the screenplay, the look of the film is cheerful and sometimes aesthetically barren and unreal. It's a movie that wanted to praise toys as amazing and strange things but it shows that they are the creations of a world that is empty and cool. The film strives to be humorous, unclear, but humor is forced and artificial. Robin Williams, as an inherited heir of a toy-producing movement, throws in his ad-lib shtick, which appears to be the strange, bizarre, coldly structured world he is inhabiting. Indeed, current links and delicious sexual moods that are scattered are in contradiction with the child's fable that the film is vaguely trying to be. In order for this movie to function or make sense, it must be set in its own universe, which is Oz far from Kansas. Every time jokes return to reality, the toyland of the movie is becoming more and more a scam. It is said that it was directed by director Barry Levinson, who has been trying to do it for ten years. It is sad to see why he had problems with the proposal. Like most pet projects that finally get (RADIOLANDE MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: THE COUNTRY are great examples), it seems to be a blind spot in the movie. Perhaps Levinson drove and redirected TOYS so often in his head that he had no fresh vision for it when he finally got on the soundstage. He has already perfected it to death. Many of the toys that appear in the movie are clumsy, mechanical, wind monstrosities. So is the film itself.
