A frozen fog that combines your mistake by trying to make sense. Joan, this time as a congressman, Agatha Reed, chairwoman of the committee investigating "high food costs". She says that her wife, Reed: "The housewife takes her too long, I will fight so long for the American family to have a holiday once a year to see the film every week and to feed the peanuts on an occasional elephant." It's all business, but when she was awarded the Good Hope Honorary Degree, she was excluded from the crime that she stayed out all night (in parallel with Joan's real life she is unmistakable, as in all Joan Movies). The grade causes considerable dismay on the campus ("That would make it the most widespread institution in the history of education!")? but Joan does not know about it when he arrives. College President Jim Merrill, who plays Robert Young in his most natural situations, is formerly Joan's teacher? and a lover. It was with him that she had spent the night all those years but Joan felt better to disappear rather than trying to explain to a skeptical colleague that they were going to be married. Of course, this major event will be covered by the * Life * Magazine *? and who does the photographer prove to be? One of Joan's old lovers? the one who hung in China during the war, and he thinks Joan might worry about the old flame. Eva Arden, playing Joan's assistant, "Woodie", is with her pet and the most intelligent in this movie? with her indispensable and unnecessary remarks that would make her release her from her job if you did not like her so much. But you as Eve, as you do in all her roles, adore her. It's so droll and nonsense, you'd like to pay her just to hang and be one of the boys. When Joan weeps after coming to her alma mater, Eva tells her that "she looks wild." But Joan says maybe others see only a collection of buildings, she, Joan, is seeing youth? she herself at the age of 18 "eager, expected" a little frightened, asked "What is life, what am I?" "But of course, if we really get into the depths of Joan's 18, the truth may be a little different. <br /> <br /> It's a major problem for me when watching any Joan movie, you can call her characters whatever you want but it's always Joan all the time So, because what we always see is that Joan is alone, it's easy to get rid of the names of the names, it's just that they're dirty when Joan tries to tell us something inconceivably untruthful, as her description at 18 when we know that at the age of 18, Joan had been around the block several times, and many men would describe her as eager and, as far as expectations are concerned, she had a few miscarriages at the moment, but that is a personal problem and I turn I just wanted to explain why I say things like "And then Joan does it?" this or that, or "We see Joan like ..." when we do not literally watch a home movie There is an inadvertently cheerful moment in which Joan got the doll Clara Bow, she left behind knee-high arithmetic tells us that Joan and Clara are contemporaries and it's a transparent thing that makes us feel that Joan is much younger than he really is. It will fail. What has failed also is an attempt at political correctness in the early 1950s. In the story, Joan wrote a book on freedom of speech and made a film (no, not about the plumbers) and drew attention to the radical campus of the early 1950s, Pitta, who is about to step out of his views that are shocking like Joan. This is where the film mysteriously becomes a story of morality - it's a weak, sure, but perhaps the only thing that keeps it from shifting to oblivion.
