This movie was so bad I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had big hopes for Horrorfest that year, which was also the first year I visited Horrorfest, and I must say that Horrorfest and all of his films are going to fake advertising at a whole new level. Mad kudos for advertisers, because I'm sure he cheated a lot of people to spend money and saw those movies that year. The Hamiltons were simply the worst of those I've seen (the others I've seen were The Restless, Dark Driving, and Reincarnation). The film wrapper and the trailer made it look like a family of cannibals that terrified the environment that I thought was a pretty interesting plot, only to be disappointed when I found out that it was an "advent of the age" boy, vampire. That's why the drama dominates in this film over any horrifying perception. And to make it even more ridiculous, they added a group of twins who can not wait to jump off and a deadly creature locked in the basement, which if I find out what it is. "When the secret was revealed at the very end of the film, he left I'd have the theater in the middle of the movie, the whole waste and the money Cut the forty minutes of this movie and put it in an episode for a show like Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural and it would be more praise than this. two years later I have to go back to IMDb and write a review because it's still in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and when you're reading it, avoid the other Horrorfest films in the future. rent from Blockbuster or watch it online.Horrorfest includes films by independent artists who can not get to the big screen, and all the crap about "things that do not show you in theaters, "they did not talk about blood or guts or about horror ... they were about movies themselves. Because they're scary. Think of Horrorfest as the less-known version of the Sundance Film Festival but of horror films. I apologize for all the "hate", but think twice before cheating customers out of their money.
