Hamiltons tells the tale of four siblings Hamilton, teenager Francis (Cory Knauf), twins Wendell (Joseph McKelheer) and Darlene (Mackenzie Firgens) and oldest David (Samuel), now a replacement parent. Hamilton's movement is a good fit, Franics is not sure why and is not satisfied with the way things are. The fact that his brother and sister are kidnapping, arresting and murdering people in the basement will not help freeing or calming Francis's nerves. Francis knows something is wrong and when he finally finds out that things will never be the same ... Co-wrote, co-produced and directed by Mitchell Altieri and Phil Flores Butcher Brothers (formerly only another film director who is still one of the forefathers of the Oak Fool (2008), was one of the film "Movies That Dies" in 2006 after Dark Horrorfest that I thought the Hamilton were full and complete bullshit. the character is really bad, a very insurmountable and slowly moving story could not capture my imagination or keep my interest for 85 and a half minutes too long 86 minutes to last. In the end is a terrible procedure that laughed at me aloud, it is really a large maintained group on what's inside the closet in the Hamiltons cellar is finally revealed to be a little boy with a teddy bear, is it really to scare us, does it really shock us, it's really something we should talk about Is it a harmless young boy the best "twist" that manufacturers could come up with? Boring conspiracies are born, it has never been clear where Hamiltoni will get all their money to buy new homes, because none of them seem to work (except David in the slaughterhouse and I doubt he pays much) or why they were not caught before. The script tries to mix the drama every day with great horror and just makes a terrible job of linking the two to the point that neither aspect is unforgettable or effective. A really bad movie I'm trying to say something good about. Despite being written and directed by the extremely sounding Butcher Brothers, there is no gore, there is a bit of blood and some girls' scenes in the basement, but nothing you can do at home with a bottle of ketchup and a camcorder. The film is not scary and because it has a suburban environment with a very middle class, there is a zero atmosphere or a mood. There is a lesbian, and an incestuous kiss is suggested, but Hamiltons is at the stage of exploitation, and it's not too much for creepy crowds. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Petaluma, California, this has a modern low budget. not badly but rather forgotten. Representing an unknown (for me) occupation is nothing to write home and I can not say that I ever felt anything for someone. Hamiltons has committed a cardinal sin that it is both boring and boring from never recovering. Add to that a very thin story, no gore, end of rubbish, and a character that you do not throw, and you have a movie that did not make me feel at all.
