Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It's located in Hawaii, it's an action / adventure criminals track; lots of scenes include ships, palms and polyester fabrics and arched shirts ... even Zulu stars in a supporting role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes should be a front-line agent, and the support cast is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is that "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) already existed and ran for years. She has filled demand for Hawaii market fairs adequately. Codename: Diamond Head can be thought of as a H50 game because the older series eventually disappeared ... but it's like a superfluous second copy. It does not feel, but it is completely derived and does not do anything like the original. Here is a decent actor talent. Thinnes is an old professional and he plays the part of his best shot and is not bad. But Thinnes is just as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as a bad spy master named "Tree," and McShane tends to be the most intriguing actor in every scene in which he appears. But he calls his role here. Frances Ngyuen is quite exotic, but her stunning skin, opaque features, dense accents, and wooden supplies are not the things that make dreams. Relying on her to deliver "romantic interest" to Thinnes was probably the biggest mistake of the series. At least because Marsh Brady and Peggy Lee are our goddess of love for a series of white audiences. Give her another 30 pounds a year with a dialogue / voice trainer and she could reduce it. Zulu is, of course, his usual self - pleasant in bit parts, but he is not a person who can wear a feature himself. <br /> <br /> In addition, plotting and dialogue are strictly the numbers, with nothing to distinguish them from any other Quinn Martin production. And at this point the audience at the American TV Theater met with many QM productions ... I think "CN: DH" was too much and sank without a trace. It was not really the mistake of the actors, and I hope they took off with a decent paycheck and once again on their C.V.s. <br /> <br /> The MST3000 revived his treatment in his sixth season and had a lot of fun with him. It's worth looking for this version if you like MST's approach to film and puppetry, but I can not imagine no one else doing this.
