Ha. no doubt Tommy is the bad guy. I do not know why, but for some reason little kids in horror movies tend to see like a small buttock. and because they are children, they will not die. because they're annoying ... well, except for the asylum of terror. but you are little and far. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie. Could not find this movie on DVD? Sure you can! All you have to do is buy the DVD Chilling Classic! not only get Metamorphosis on DVD for $ 15, but you'll also get 49 other movies! what's good! pff. OK. I made an advertisement for these cheese movies. let's say this movie is not worth $ 15 alone. <br /> <br /> We have a chemist scientist. Yeah. causing all chemist scientists to look as good as the guy playing Peter. He tries to come up with serum to stop the worsening of his body. college is working to pull the plug on its project and so will try. but because this is a horror movie, it starts doing it and begins an incredibly long transformation sequence that takes almost 3/4 of the film. To get the film out, he gets in touch with a woman who has a son. and she was never married! scandalous! But Tommy is, of course, one of the most irritating characters ... no. I'll take it back. It's the most irritating character. Far worse than the old crippled guy who wants to take over Peter's job and brag about him when he's in the hospital. that's true, even if he's an old cripple, you can still be a villain. So we see that Peter started by accident to kill some people in the vision he has until he realizes he is the one who does it and decides to kill everyone on their way to return to normal. However, at the end it finally develops into a lizard. yeah, I know you do not ask. The end really does not make sense. And if you hope you have some really good winnings, you will not have it. <br /> <br /> It's not a HORRIBLE movie ... it's just frustrating due to the lack of good pay. if you already own film 50 and this is another one on your list, you are not a snoozer but not a great movie. Just sit back, relax and eat a lot of snacks. Because this movie will not make you jump out of the skin in the foreseeable future. Metamorphosis gets 4 plastic lizard heads, out of 10.
