As others have mentioned, this movie is similar to FLY (both versions) and the lesser-known sci-fi ALTERED STATES movie. The big difference is that these two films were well made by people who knew what they were doing and were good at it. METAMORPHOSA did not have these benefits. METAMORPHOSA is a potentially interesting scientific fantasy story that had bad people involved and bad actors playing a role. The story follows scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), an obsessed man working on genetic healing for aging and death. When the university in which he works threatens to reduce the funding, he chooses to inject serum against aging. The result is that dr. Houseman spent the rest of the film slowly turning into a lizard. And yes, when we look at a good doctor, go through the fact that the lizard is great joy. It's really so bad that it's good. Some lines are classic: "What was that?" "Nightmare ... from the past!" Many of the reviews I've read show how silly and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie are. I'm going to go and spoil it: a good doctor goes by mixing it like a half-half, half-timer thing that seems to be a man in Godzilla's refused costume when he finally gets the police out of the police. In the final scene, there is an unpleasant child with a small pet that she says will never die, and her friend Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) apparently decides that the little lizard is the ultimate incarnation of Dr. Houseman. The camera will then zoom in on the face of the lizard; that is, I suppose, the director's way of showing us that the lizard is wrong. Yes, it's fucked, but I laughed so I can not complain. I was watching this movie because it was part of the Chilling Classics 50 Movie Megapack I bought. I'm sure many of those who read it do exactly the same thing as pack 50 is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you've recently bought a box set and you have not seen this movie yet, it's really time, even though I've destroyed the end for you. It could also be possible to find this movie online for free.
