"Metamorphosis" holds little cult value, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian kid is more or less the personification of a male pet and played in almost every ranch Joe D'Amato in the late 1970s and 1980s. Would not it be interesting for the enthusiastic Eurocult buyers to own the only film that drives the guy who walked barefooted all the time on "Erotic Night of the Living Dead"? I thought so! Now, unlike the movies he played, Eastman's "Metamorphosis" is a little disappointing in gore & sleaze departments. There are a handful of ugly murders, cuddly monsters and naked female bodies (the guest appearance of sleaze-queen Laura Gemser!), But it's mostly story-telling. Houseman's handsome and eloquent lie at the brink of a scientific breakthrough in research into human DNA codes, when the university for which he works is at risk of canceling his resources. He developed the theory of decoding genes and blocking the aging process, but if he does not expect a detailed report, his research will soon stop. So, Dr. Houseman does what any intelligent scientist would do and inject untested serum into his own veins. Needless to say (and as the name implies), it slowly turns into a murderous monster that really ages much faster! In other words, his research has reached! Like the other reviewers already mentioned, this movie "lends" a lot of David Cronenberg's "The Fly"? the dramatic Romanesque plot included - but does not add any originality to its own. The big difference is that he is still identified with Jeff Goldblume's character in The Fly, Houseman becomes just another monster that must be destroyed as quickly as possible. The appearance of rapid aging syndrome also reminded me of the sadly underestimated giallo "The Death Phantom" Ruggero Deodata, but the protagonist of the film inherited the disease and did not make it to herself. However, the physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in both films. Several fears or excitements discovered here, instead, include the film's bad influence, poor lighting, miserable treatment, and a totally retarded climax. Do not hesitate to skip this option.
