Very horrible, but observable and entertaining. It's the same old story (if you've lived in the 1980s). Vietnamese veterinarians are fighting together as friends against injustice in the states. A-Team meets Death Wish, my favorite! Time goes on, soldiers leave home, and years later their friend is in trouble. No, wait - in fact, a friend is dead and his father has problems. Our first hero, Joey, is killed by a tremendously terrifying mass trapeze when he attempts to defend his father's small shop from the local "protector" gang, though the truck is bound by war. Desperate for help, Father talks to Sagem, the leader of Joey's old Vietnamese unit, when Sarge appears at the funeral. The sand bike gets lubricant and the old gang is settling for the city. You can even imagine most of the rest of the movie. The only thing that made me crazy is that Sarge is still charging his men about planning and how good they are in what they do when they plan ahead. But Joey would not be placed on the wheelchair by a shot in Vietnam if the unit did not move! Then, when they do well in the city when they fight gangs, they do it again. For no reason whatsoever they go beyond their plan and try to deploy a gang without the presence of everyone. Phh !!!! I lift my hands disgusted. Crazy! There is also a suspicious moment when all the members of the unit are assured that you will try the heroin that catches the gang to make sure it is real. EVERY one of them. Hmm .... <br /> <br /> What do you do? Be careful, I think. The movie is not too horrible to watch, but it's a nuisance. There are all these climatic moments when nothing really happens. The most dramatic things that have happened are those at the beginning of the film - the explosive in Vietnam, Joey's deadly battle and the gang brutally digging the innocent teddy aside (poor Teddy!). I think my main beef with this movie is that I feel like I'm leaving it. Even confused subplots with "mysterious helper" and their bizarrely motivating motifs were not enough to save. But one day maybe everything will be fine and they will continue. Ha ha ha ha!
