If you have a bad day or a bad week. Looking for a movie that will laugh at you and forget about your troubles. I think role models are the film for you. The film focuses on Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott). Two juvenile promoters who go to schools to promote the product, children to stay out of drugs, and more juice. But Danny has the worst week and crashes his personal car with Wheeler in the seat beside him. His former ex-girlfriend, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer, will be able to avoid being imprisoned by doing a social service, volunteering on a big brother called the Sturdy Wings, led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old and has a top-class mouth like Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress as a knight and fights as in the Middle Ages. But will it be good for Danny and Wheeler or will they be better in jail? Okay, I will not beat Bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. Namely, Ronnie's character, who had heard the bad words from a young child, was very shocking. If he was a little older, he would not have had much money. I mean what his parents think when they signed it. The character of Elizabeth Banks is so inconsistent, maybe I should feel bad about her character, but I did not feel anything, because it is unpredictably portrayed as a woman to play in these kinds of comedies. And Jane Lynch, who is the worst of the worst. Provides the most up-to-date performance in history. You're playing a former drug addict who's always acting like drugs. Listening to her to make all this unpleasant dialogue has made me throw my head up against the wall. Seann William Scott plays another character in Stifler style again, he really should try to separate himself and this movie does not do it. The more Scott tries hard to be funny, it's what keeps him so he's not funny. Now Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I separate from the others in the movie because they drive to achieve a solid performance, although it does not make a higher laugh, but it is one of the best characters. Because Rudd will not stop, and he does not try so hard. The scenes with him and Mintz-Plasse are observable. But the rest of the movie is so silly that it rises occasionally. But it is so predictable and uninteresting. It's a reminder that these types of comedies do not start anything new, but they have no chance at all. Role Models is an example of that.
