(Only small spoilers, except those listed). <br /> <br /> I recently enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinema. both the real Spanish cinema of people like Almodovar and the Latin American cinematography of directors such as del Toro, whose excellent "Diabetic Spine", based in the Spanish Civil War, was the best horror film of the last decade. It is no surprise, therefore, that this film is well known, well-performing and can hold this distinctly Spanish atmosphere. But it's also such an ugly and unnecessary film, as one might hope he will not have to see. What is the goal of all this? We have no idea what caused the scary central figure to go into his killing, though much of the narrative voice is drawn directly from his own narcissistic magazine. In a routinely unpleasant initial sequence that has been set for more than ten years ago, we see that a central figure kills his girlfriend in the wrath of jealousy and control morality ("if I can not have nobody can?"). It seems to be perhaps one of the best sequences in the movie, but it has no clear relation to his subsequent killing, which seems completely different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison to cause this change? We have no clue, although we later find it as an absurd kind of doubt that he has obtained a legal title while he was imprisoned. In Britain, in some of our known "serial murders" or "sex" of killers, "a terrible question arises: what woman did she know or suspect what is going on? This is a question that could be asked about this movie and really a woman but it's a banal answer to the question quite clearly: "No, she did not." Even if such a dramatic opportunity is put on a plate, the film can still move, the only thing we actually get, in the end, is sketchy outline her mildly amoral readiness for money after action Compare it with a terrible apparent moment in Ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says, "Do you know what I mean?", thereby sealing her own destiny and allowing us a horrified view of the unimaginable chasm of the suppressed knowledge and the horrors (the main spoiler in this paragraph) In the meantime, we should believe that the killer himself is a criminal master, who will overcome the police in a comprehensive way, and thus, before being released, will ensure the closest possible imprisonment in the psychiatric hospital to kill again. How did he achieve that? At this point, conspiracy is extremely noticeable; something in common with the intention to leave some traces for the police; but how it all works or why, or as a subsequent litigation, remains a mystery. I do not really believe the serial killers are like this. Silence lambs can be comic books, but? Lecter aside? he gets his serial killers right. They are deeply worried, deeply inactive, deeply inadequate; not the glamorous charming leader who introduced himself here (closely related to the equally unforgettable murder killer The Last Horror Movie or even even Man Bites Dog, although it did not seem to be a satire). /> This movie has a little mood and pamper what little intrigue that could cause a plot. It is useless to say about the motivation of serial killers, either in general or in the specific cultural environment of Spain. It is no more than a misguided excuse to show some pretty sexual violence to women. And strangely, what makes this violence even more nauseating is an unsuccessful failure of the nerve, even as it is presented. The soft core nature of what is actually shown makes it just as repellent. A single shot, properly timed, would be endlessly shocking and unnecessarily unnecessary, which would release the time for the film to make clear the holes in the plot and characterization. Instead, we get endless shots of young women vulnerably fragmented on the table in their nice but slightly revealing underwear. Very, very scary. I'm sorry I'm rude; I love horror films and I can tolerate even the most extreme to the extent that I fear my partner. But I think anyone who thinks this movie is good or interesting, I would even find myself at a distance. The purpose of horror film is to scare you; it's just lascivious. It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth really. I have to give this film more than one star just because it is comfortably executed, but morally it deserves nothing at all and should never be.
