Disappearances are in the desert of Mojave as Jim (Harry Hamlin) and Patty Henley (Susan Dey) and their two children Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) together with Ethan (Jamie Croft) travel on the road dinner and ask for an old abandoned mining town on a map called Weaver. No one says he heard about it, but he's definitely there, and the family decides to take a detour to see it and make some pictures. Once in town they take a few pictures and look around, but when the time comes to leave their car they will not start and spend the night there. As they look around, they find videocassettes of video cameras they play just to find shots of a frightened woman when they say that all of her friends have disappeared the next morning and their car disappears when it gets worse in a very sinister turn. What is Weaver's Secret? Henley will ever be left alive ... <br /> <br /> Written, co-executive production and directing by Walter Klenhard, I have to say that Disappearance is one of the most frustrating films I've ever watched. In the first 85 minutes it was a pretty good mystery mix of thriller & horror film, but then we treated one of the worst ends ever in the history of the movie. The scenario suggests a lot of different things, but it never works or confirms, and I've been really impressed with what's going on, from the family of mysterious vanishing cars, the four last graves, things in deserted mines, supernatural sandstorms, and the inexplicable disappearance of Ethan and his equally inexplicable discoveries, Sheriff's sinister motives, compass in the car gone crazy, crashed aircraft, town dwellers who deny Weaver, and the possible side effects of a neutron bomb fell near Weaver in the 1940s, but they're all thrown out of the window, and everyone we know about , could be completely separate random events. Everything came nicely, and a great revelation was set up, but no one came, and instead I was treated with an ambiguous, strange, unreal and utter frustrating end. If nothing else, the ending is inconsistent with what has passed before leaving the viewer more questions than answers. It's almost as if the creators had these great ideas, but then they did not know what to do with them and just ended on the spot. I just felt that I made so much effort to watch a movie that could be quite slow sometimes without a reward, and in fact it felt like a kick in the teeth or a good two-finger greeting! <br /> <br /> Director Klenhard has a decent job, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere, and extensive extensive desert sites give a good feeling of isolation. It's well done, but what does that mean with the end? Nothing can make sense, nothing makes sense, and it's just a huge, frustrating mess that, when you've been fooling around for an hour and a half, wanted to know more. Despite being a horror film, there is no blood or gore, though there and there are one or two spooky moments. The film actually reminds The Hills Have Eyes (2006) remake for much of it, because that's what the film is set in front of a bizarre end that does nothing to bring any conclusion to the movie. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, places and cinematography. Based in America but filmed in South Australia. Acting is cool from a decent cast. <br /> <br /> The disappearance is really a special film, for a long time it looks like a narrow little horror mysterious thriller, but it never explains anything that happens and really unreal to ending just throwing more questions than answers. I really do not see anyone doing my head or tail, I really can not.
