The disappearance is about a couple who took their family on a holiday in New Mexico and find themselves in deep trouble after dropping off the highway to visit the city that apparently apparently was abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. The city of Weaver appears to be harmless at first and has attractive tourist sites as long as the family is stuck overnight and will have good reasons to believe that others will experience the same situation with fatal consequences. Henleys is watching a Blair-Witch-Project-esquire video clip that left the city's last victim, which ironically shows the best performance of everyone in this movie. Though Hamlin and Dey's performances are much better than supportive casts, their emotional impact seems to be "flat" throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> Dismissed refers to most of the movie because there is a lot of tension and good direction. However, the curve has unexpected and unlikely bends that appear to make no sense. Even worse, however, there is no understanding of what exactly is going on in the movie, making the bizarre end less bearable. It seemed to me that the filmmakers were so focused on creating the streams of exciting scenes that they cast away all the elements of a good story: the development of the plot, a gradual explanation of the themes and symbols that lead to a coherent solution / outcome. The toughest aspect of the film for me was that the first three quarters of it was spent building up tension and curiosity about some aspects of the plot that were then suddenly destroyed as if we did not know that they deserve an explanation: Indian symbols on the walls? What happened to the original people of Weaver? What was the connection with people for dinner? What did the sheriff know? What did the missing boy find out if anything? <br /> <br /> I think it was a bad step because it caused some resistance. I've invested quite a bit of brainpower into hypotheses about some possible explanations for some of these false turns and strange events just to make filmmakers simply end up without answering some of these things. They are some nice cliffhangers for the end of the miniseries, which is going to be next week again, but a completely frustrating and inappropriate end for a separate movie.
