I was looking at the first premiere of this movie since it was given to me on DVD for Christmas. When I booked a special slot last night, I sat down to watch her with her daughter (at the age of 17 and studying film studios), of course chocolate, in anticipation. We love Jane Austin. <br /> <br /> After the first two minutes, we knew we were sunk. Restless camera shots and angles, general bad cinematography, overhead and wooden performances have left us feeling flat and dissatisfied. Anne, played by Sally Hawkins, looked strange and without a specific purpose, right at the camera on several occasions, smashing our hard-knit "fantasy moment" and tying us straight in almost "I'll find you" stalking fashion. Bad Rupert Penry-Jones, who played Captain Wentworth, did the best with the script and the direction to bless him. I hope they paid him well, because on one occasion he was almost drowned by a huge wave that predictably hit the sea level and suppressed him and his co-author. They were almost drawn into the sea. Health and safety should have a field day! Poor Rupert was left to wash the seawater to deliver his line. It is assumed that there was not enough money in the kitten to re-shoot this scene. Anyone who would have any sense would never have tried such a day at all. Other than Mr. Penry-Jones, Alice Krige provided the only convincing performance as Lady Russell, but her efforts were soon balanced by the fact that Anthony Head is an unconvincing image of annoying Sir Walter Elliott. To the long-awaited end of the film, Captain Wentworth seemed strangely loving Anna with a visit every two seconds when he made a great effort to avoid most of the movie. It was as if he had developed a memory barrier that caused him to forget his own reason for being. On the other hand, Anne ran from a branch above the surface into a column looking for a good captain, who had managed to summon nearly all of Bath, what we were told, in just three or four minutes, without we fighting. <br /> <br /> We did not even experience one of Anne's spells that crossed the screen. We really were curious about what charismatic captain Wentworth had ever seen on plain, paperless, thoughtless Anne, and why did anyone say that Sir Walter had just closed his wings. > The decisive kiss, usually our favorite moment of the girl, was painfully drawn. As they approached, Anne continued to open and closed her mouth, which had an effect on the screen to look as if she was living with gums before her lips finally met. Eww! <br /> <br /> The most pleasant thing about last night was chocolate and a half-hour exchange of views between mother and daughter on how bad the movie was. to destroy such a charming and engaging story shot in some of the most beautiful scenes in England. <br /> <br /> Sorry for Jane.
