This production has never been successful. The story is so cut that it is discontinuous and the production is so short that if you have not read a novel or seen a better adaptation (like 1995 with Amanda Root), you will be a bit lost because there is no time to develop the character. I liked Sally Hawkins like Anne, but the rest of the cast was rather less than what they were supposed to be. Mrs. Croft was too old, just like Anne's elder sister Elizabeth. Mary spoke with such pulsing accents that the general stupidity and selfishness of her character had disappeared. Much better was Marie Marie Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and sense of misuse is so well established that Wentworth suggests that Anne be left with the defeated Louis, and Mary believes that she, like Louisa's sister by law, should stay instead, Imagine someone less comfortable. In this version it could stay because it is not sufficiently differentiated from other producers. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look at, but made a much better river St. John 1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character required less implied depth of feeling. I agree with the previous comments on the scene on the scene: she seemed to be trying to get rid of Anne rather than make her a favor. As well as the scene of the crash: it happens so quickly and in such a small context, you are interested in what is all the fuss. And the shift of speech that Wentworth hears in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical step that contributes to the disparate nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My next problem with this version was lighting. Sometimes it all looked like a CSI mosaic scene - very blue. Otherwise, the illumination was so bad that it was very difficult as if Anne had visited her old girlfriend, Mrs. Smith (which by the way was to be more or less paralyzed.) To Anne on the street telling her that Mrs. Elliot's terrible figure was such a violation that she for a moment I could not think who it was - I thought it was one of Musgrove's girls, all the girls were very interchangeable). And the running scene at the end ... at a time when it was a premium advantage, it's hard to imagine that fine Anna rips all over Bath like some demented thicket. How stupid can you get? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the abilities of good Anna Elliot, but she was totally confined to a badly organized screenplay and over-production.
