I like Jane Austen's stories. I only read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after seeing this adaptation I'm trying to get "conviction" from my library just to understand the story and also because I refused to believe Jane Austen he could write such nonsense. For me, I thought that if you set up a movie on Jane Austen's novel, you can not really go wrong. It will be fine. I was wrong. First, where are the characters you have sympathy and what? You must have at least one sympathetic figure to get an audience to put their emotions into it, and it did not. Sure, I wanted Anna and Wentworth to meet together, but only because you know the point of the story is to join them. Instead, I had to withstand the urge to throw a cup on TV and continue watching until the end. Anne was totally annoying, and in the end I do not know why Wentworth hit her so badly, because there seemed to be nothing to attract him. She was humble, boring, boring, socially inadequate and stumbled like a sheep who followed all the other instructions rather than having her own mind. It can still work for the lead figure if you do it well. It did not work well. The other characters only showed different degrees of narcissism, of which Mary was the worst, with a complete narcissistic personality disorder. Where Ms. Bennet in P & P had similar mistakes, she was still cute, while Mary was a rather weird show. More nasty than funny. <br /> <br /> Wentworth was very handsome and looked like a decent guy. For most of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person he was and why he fell in love with Anna, surely it was the man who wanted a man who was a bit more ... alive? Acting-mission, not much to say, because I responded more to characters depicted rather than to how good / bad a human actor was. Anthony Head was excellent, but as soon as I saw he was there, I did not expect anything less. This story was also very confusing. It was not until the end of the movie that Elizabeth seemed to be not Anka's stepmother, but in fact a sister (still not 100%). All Anne / Wentworth's story was also a bit fuzzy. They were together, but then they fell apart and they are both bitter? As? Did it seem to me that for some time and the explanation it seemed to have thrown him away because she was convinced that somebody would do it? But it was said in such a way that it was almost omitted, as if it were somewhat unimportant. How can it be unimportant when it's the very core of the story? There was also a lot of appointment-fall, but no real feeling of who the characters are. That Louisa, for example, who was she? Friend? Family? What? It was not clear who the different characters and their relationship were. Lady Russell was a lot there, but why? Mrs. Croft and Wentworth was a brother and sister who felt very unrealistic because Mrs. Croft looked old enough to be his mother. The last kiss, yes, it was a little weird to be kissing on the street, but I did not really think about it because I was too busy shouting "GO TO YOU ALWAYS!" on television because Anne's lips were shaking and shaking and shaking for what was old before they actually met Wentworth. Some hesitation there, but only a few seconds or so, not in half a minute. Then there's the question of working with the camera. As a regular filmmaker, you do not pay attention to angles and the like if you do not decide to look. I decided not to, but I still noticed. For me it means the creators do not do a good job. Many interviews were with extreme face details, something that should only be used when it is really an important point to be made. It was overused in this adaptation and therefore did not make sense. The hand feel on the occasion did not really work at the time of the drama. The camera is working on a running scene and eventually felt too contemporary. (Not to mention the run itself.) This was the only adaptation of Austen that I captured in the ITV Austen season. I wonder if it's worth watching Northanger Abbey and Mansfield Park or if I just have to read books and let it go. I'm sad to say that this is Jane Austen's adaptation that I did not like. Maybe I'm looking at the 1995 version instead. The BBC is known for having completed the beautiful adaptations of Austen before.
