I really did not want to do this. It seemed to be an old Raj Kanwar film that disgusted me before I started watching him because I considered him a filmmaker. The only reason I took this is, of course, Shahrukh Khan's appearance in the movie. I did not even know what it was about because I was sure it would be just a fairy tale. So I just imagined a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with an important supporting role of Rishi Kapoor, who I thought he would play for his father or uncle. And to my full shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually a hero! He is the one who loves the young Divya! I was grieved to find out that Shahrukh had a small part without substance, and only in the second part of this idiotic movie. Just let me repeat the question: old beautiful Divya fell for 40 or more long hair, plump, swollen piggy as Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed to have accepted this part; the only thing he did is mix it up. He loved a girl who would logically be younger than his own daughter and worsen the situation - she behaves like a fourteen-year-old boy. In addition, just to make it more potent, she plays the pop-star ... To make it clear, I have no problems with actors who are romantic ladies much younger than themselves. As long as they make a convincing couple, it must not be a problem. In fact, the top players were always represented against the young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal), and they were quite good friends. I also have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he's a good actor and his act in Bobby is still well-engraved in his heart, but it's not like watching the movie look like, say, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan look today . <br /> <br /> It was such a disappointment. Oh, and because everybody really watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a good debut. He excelled in very little what his part allowed him. Later Divya Bharti also promised debut. If you want to watch this movie, go only to the second half. Personally, I would not even do it.
