I'm not one of those people who will come out of a movie that came out of the source material and automatically say, "The book was better." I know better than humiliating the value of the film just because it was not a faithful adaptation. There is a lengthy process and a lot of decisions that come in the making of a movie that is sometimes out of control of the director / editor / cinematographer / producer and definitely out of original copyright control. Therefore, it is inappropriate to expect the movie to be exactly the same, a word like a word, like a book or a game or video game, or Disneyland Ride, or whatever! The film should be judged according to its own standard and according to its suitability. In addition, it should be a successful film, because the material is relevant to the society it belongs to, and if it is based on the source material, its significance needs to be re-examined and reinforced by filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Movies like Tam Will Blood follow this paradigm because, as it was based on a novel written at the turn of the century, Oil !, it is important due to things like the war in Iraq and energy concerns , which film of the country of origin, the USA, was and is experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original film, benefits from the use of new technologies and concerns about animal rights that people have. With that I said, I just do not understand why they even bothered to shoot this movie? In addition to great performances, guaranteed Oscar nodes, and Shanley's director / writer fees and the fees he gets, this movie seems to come from nowhere. It just had to stay like a game. The film (which is basically the same as the game) does not say anything new about the condemned sexual atrocities committed and in many cases covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad. It does not say anything new or different from the original game. I can not help but compare this film to another movie that came out at the same time: Frost / Nixon, who was also based on the game. Frost / Nixon, while Nixon's regret, seems to be relevant because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was about to leave office. He regrets that Nixon, as he related in the game / film, about the war and his presidency could easily reflect Bush and his presidency. In this regard, Frost / Nixon seemed more relevant and in reality benefited from wider distribution through the film because people spoke and reflected on the political status quo in the country at the time. On the other hand, Doubt felt as if it were yesterday's news, and did not seem to offer something that did not offer the game. Of course, the movie is "good," the performances are excellent, and the adaptation scenario is good, but what? Why did not he just stay like a game? Why, in addition to marketing and financial reasons, get into the movie? It gave the audience nothing new to discuss a terrible topic.
