Oskar season has come, so it means that from these deep, engaging filmmaking films we meet everywhere in cinemas hoping to get an audience and have the opportunity to make the best shot at the big show. Among them is this film, which is based on a very popular and respected game. The original playwright was actually a writer and director of film adaptation; which comes as a sharp sword. On the one hand, who is better to transfer the game than the original writer? On the other hand, who better does not see the mistakes and disadvantages of the game and repair them than the original author himself? Doubt combines excellent action and plenty of tension and tension; with a frustrating end, unnecessary conversation, dubious direction, and, of course, an inability to provide meaningful answers. It is an ever-increasing trend among these "high-caliber" films that do not answer all of the questions they provide, and that must stop. Doubt is like a joke without his strike, like a book with the final 20 pages missing, as well as losing revenue while watching the fourth quarter of the hot soccer game and as if he did not have 50 cents to continue playing arcade games and see what happens next. Doubt as well as the previous Worst Picture of the No Country For Old Men frustrationfest does not really end; does not provide us with significant answers or provides enough to conclude. Yes, it was an intention, but this is not a test of humanity, it's a cop-out. I do not pay the money to see an unfinished job, I will pay the money to see the beginning, the middle and the end, and I pray that it will not burn during the three events. We are forced to become the "writer" of the film by filling out the empty ones what happened before and what happens to the characters we saw screaming at each other. <br /> <br /> This little drama is about (Meryl Streep), which seems very confident that a beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is making sexual progress toward a child going to church; the first African-American boy in the Catholic Church. The church is secretly torn if it really does the angry sins behind all the backs. The story becomes stiff because some children start behaving differently, which draws the attention of a young teacher (Amy Adams). The story takes place immediately after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who for some time shaken the nation and questioned their faith in humanity and within itself. <br /> <br /> Strong points of doubt come in the ensemble of the actors, and there is still a constant tension that slowly builds and never boils. Streep seems to be an Oscar in every role she is in, and here she is not different, because her sharp and cold heart brings the whole shame of fear to all students and some staff in the church. Hoffman excels as a priest by successfully casting suspicions of a charming personality and friendly aura. The seemingly hypocritical personality is difficult, especially when we assume that we like and think about it at the same time; but Hoffman performs on a plate against one of the best actresses of our generation and delivers it fantastically. When these two argue, you can hear the fireworks fly without anyone seeing one launched. But let's not forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (The Right to Order). Doubt's casting ensemble is among the best in 2008. Yet, as has been said, it's writing and direction that destroys this movie, especially when the third act falls. Questions appear but are not answered. Characters appear but do not provide any real improvement towards the plot. Children behave differently, but we never know why. Are there stunning angles in working with the camera? And there is no real reason why. John Patrick Shanley, the writer of the play, had one previous movie in his directorial repertoire: Joe Versus the Volcano. Whether it's total arrogance or stupidity, we've been stuck with the overwhelmed sequences of random conversation, utter annoying vibration that has not left the end (Two minutes discussing coffee and how much sugar a priest wants) thanks to Mr. Shanley. /> <br /> Bottom Line: Lack of an end is a stupid trend that is as irritating as a snap camera - work in action movies. It does not matter that we have a great talented performer, good cinematography or a good story we work on, or good use of sound and music; because we have a barrage of unanswered questions that sprinkles over a movie that's over 100 minutes, but it's not even over! The translation from the movie into the movie is good and quite accurate because we have the original fools behind us, but he took mistakes and stupid hiccups from the movie game. This decade has seen its share of deep and highly profiled films that could get me a much higher score if they decide to add a few more minutes and actually end up: there are some examples. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Quit your stinky movie. Please, or at least provide enough trace to easily fill an empty space (like Wall-E's depressive backstories) instead of looking into the universe as loans suddenly start rolling and left you feeling empty, confused, and mental anxiety. You have the beginning, in the middle and the end! As a critic, I prefer my films to be complete, not incomplete. Doubt is incomplete, which is why it gets into an incompetent degree. Someone has to break this silly trend.
