Colgate Intergalactic Col (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and awaiting execution on a space ship designed for that purpose. But tonight, escape escape, and Kol escapes to a conveniently located escape tower and flies toward Earth (which is probably near). There he meets a group of "teenagers" (who look thirty) and John Phillip Law, who helps him protect himself from the worst nightmare ... a reward hunter and an executioner android (or more appropriately, the "gynoid") Alienator. <br /> <br /> I was convinced by the envelope box that it would be a terrible movie. But as much as it turned out, it was also a bit of fun (probably at least in part because I was watching it with someone who happens to be terribly amazing). Director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in creating over a hundred low profile films (most notably the "Hollywood chain hooks"), does what he does best and throws together a conspiracy that has only half the meaning and gives us rudimentary special effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appears (like "Tara"), apparently at a low place in his career. Sure, there are holes. Why there are hillbilly reddish in california (allegedly Los Angeles County, if I understand the administrator correctly). What's going on with the jolly blonde cosmic woman? Why does the boat captain have a strong attempt to get his heart when this story goes nowhere? What the hell is "Quadrant 5"? How wire wires create an electromagnetic field that shortens android, but land mines practically nothing? Why does Kol look like a drunk, an American football player with emphysema? A Lund Guy (Robert Clarke) ... does his character even have a point? Does the game play with the captain, point? Does this movie have any point? But the biggest secret is the android (or gynoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is "alienation"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah of "Blade Runner", much bigger? Because if there's anything cyborg, it's human. But if it's an android, it's all machine. It was an android, so there was no reason for it to look like a human. It could have looked like everything. Still, the person who designed it made her size linajkru, with David Bowie's hair and a jersey that showed me a little too much. If you make an android woman, should it not be to seduce and attract enemies? The mission has not been completed. It is said that beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I found a huge exception. If the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" was still around today, this film would be on a very short list of films that needed to be harangued. <br /> <br /> In addition to the Alienator (sorry, Teagan, women weight jacks are rough) the movie is fine. Perhaps there is not much story and maybe the characters are not really interesting. And perhaps a deer scene is incredibly adorable for no special reason - how does a killer robot with a deer? Overall, I really liked the film. I will not pimp it to my friends or run out to my local video store to pick up the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is just filled with amazing special features - no). But I consider seeing this movie well spent time and looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
