A uniquely unfortunate musical comedy that artificially attempts to get married with a rock'n'roll explosion at the time with a peak, with the mid-sensitivity of a suburban sitcom. The result is a cruel dated mish-mash that will satisfy any audience that went to music but would at least keep their parents' sake. A quick look at the promo written on the back of the video should give some idea of ​​the content. Tom Ewell is a drunken agent, exaggerated with such a little comedic ability you almost expected to be "hey baby, I'm home!" Bludy calls him "So funny in 'The 7 Year Itch'". Sounds like an excuse. What other film would be sold for the fact that the lead player was good in something else? It sounds like this: "It's so funny in" The 7 Year Itch "... but it's rubbish in this." Mansfield, a beautiful girl with a rumored 50-inch estate, is, unfortunately, Monroe with all the acting skills and comic timing of the rotten cod spotted. Her wooden delivery in combination with Ewell's OTT double-takes makes comic partnerships from hell. The sale brings us: "[Jayne Mansfield], whose more obvious talents are the cause of the greatest laughs of the film!" As you can see, the movie sold on the idea that it's the lead has a big chest is not the most complicated thing. Most of this "humor" is men who literally fall over themselves, glasses at Mansfield, etc. Only the Freudian nightmare of the milk bottle that overflows casts doubt on her "U" certificate. <br /> <br /> The Music Party, the most adenin players are selected. Would you really care about Eddie Fontaine's offer: "I love your eyes, I love your lips, tastes even better than potato chips" in the song "Cool It, Baby"? Just a little Richard escapes from MOR, though he is forced to sing four-minute sequences of some of his more dad-friendly songs. And how do all the acts sing without a single microphone? Attempts to satire in industry are broad and childlike in their conception. <br /> <br /> Technically, the picture was quite advanced, with special effects (including ghosts like Julie London) and deluxe artificial colors, in fact with red ones that bleed and fake-looking mass tones, reminiscent of color film. However, the direction is not excellent and the sound quality is also quite poor. Maybe it turns out to be so old. The time when the men still smoked on the canvas, the immaculately cute child actors made adult notes, and the black servants only had to cook and dance. (Everything that happened here). Yet some of them are interested, the Queen of Africa, Ben Hur and many others, are examples of movies from a period that they can enjoy today, so the "good at a time" argument does not really exist. In his heart A girl can not help It's a cynical and sponsoring business that does not follow detailed control. 4/10. <br /> <br />
