One year before ILSA, SHE-WOLF SS, BLACKSNAKE could easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF PLANTATION, and probably inspired producers behind Nazi sexploitation epics to go with their most famous films because the stories are the same: beautiful, horny, head a strong (but stupid) blonde woman decomposes and kills many people under her control, who all hate her and want her to be dead. Sounds good? Director Russ Meyer and David Friedman, producer behind ILSA, are good friends and together they have started their career. Obviously there is a connection. When I look at BLACKSNAKE, I can not help thinking that Russ Meyer wanted to go on and do something other than his typical epic busts because the XXX films were all rage in the mid-1970s and Russ Meyer films, though filled with nudity and fragility and violence has never been close to real porn. His films began to look positively quaint next to DEEP THROAT and other hard-core porn blockbusters. Meyer knew he could not compete with such films, and BLACKSNAKE was the result of such a misfortune in his career. Apparently he wanted to divide himself into another uncharted territory. But BLACKSNAKE bombed in B.O. and Meyer quickly returned to filming VIXEN films that, even if they were not pornographic, were definitely more than all the previous films. No wonder BLACKSNAKE was a BO failure. It's scary. Trash-o-frame. Jaw-droppingly bad. It's quasi-tattoo to take slavery if you can imagine it. The end result is excitement. One minute we are in typical Meyer: lush, playful and stupid, and then in the next minute, a super serious meditation on slavery and violence. Huh? It simply does not work. The appearance of slavery / racism is woefully ill-treated with this film in a real exploitation category. But BLACKSNAKE is not as dirty as ILSA SHE WOLF OF SS and such kind of movies, so I imagine the fans of them were disappointed by what would explain that almost no interest in this movie from fans of the explosion or fans of Russ Meyer. Meyer accuses BLACKSNAKE of failing because I quote: "She did not have enough breasts." Well, I'm sorry for Russ, but the movie's just bad, breasts or no breasts. But she's right, even though she has low breasts. With the exception of Anouska and the maid, she is a male cast. Meyer replaces her usual cotton tiny girls with a crowd of hunks with massive pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing slaves and great David (Darth Vader) Prowse. And with Anoux's right hand around him, portrayed as a merciless, but clever homosexual who has power over men, he can only wonder what Meyer really is trying to create. BLACKSNAKE star David Warbeck, who longs for Anouska and her right hand. Poor David. He looks completely exhausted by the whole experience. It seemed like he enjoyed making a movie, but you clearly see that sometimes he does not know what's going on. And then Anouska Hempel. She's a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not for the eighties. With her makeup and hair looks like typical seventy years of Britain, rather than a coup of the century dominatrix. And her wardrobe is cheerful. Suddenly you really unpack your leather boots! I did not know they had zips in those days. But the character he plays is in itself really humiliating (without a word game). It is not just a cipher for the object of lust and disdain for all the men (and the woman) on the island. For example, one night when David and Anouska get her, her poisonous slave goes into the room, slapping David into unconsciousness, trying to rape her, and wildly asking her. The second day the slave man is still working for Anousk, and both behave as if nothing has happened. It's totally absurd. Under no circumstances was her character a real person, Anouska would slap the driver slaves without meaning and kick his ass from the island. Or they even killed him. But the fact that the woman is holding him on her plantation after trying to rape her will stretch the thin story and the credibility of the characters to the maximum. BLACKSNAKE a strangely unpleasant but attentive film. Traceable in a wreck of a variety. I just could not help but watch the film for totally uninterested aspects of everything (excellent cinematographic assortment facilitates tracking). So, because it was a movie, I think he did what he was supposed to do. But BLACKSNAKE is mainly for Russ Meyer completists.
