Yes, talk about the wrong follow-up. Rick Moranis plays this awesome third sequel to the fun and fun game "Honey I Shrunk the Kids". The concept is basically played in the same way as the first film, but with adults instead of getting kids shorter and an indoor house instead of a garden as a universe to be explored. If you think it sounds interesting, think again. The film is at best boring, in the worst embarrassment. <br /> <br /> First, the continuity of the series was completely discharged by the toilet. The only remaining actor of the first film is probably Rick Moranis. The actress who plays his wife has changed, actors who play with children, change, play with neighbors, change ... you name it. They are trying to believe that it is the same family, but the results are unclear. First is the story of the first revolution, without being a bit of originality. All the jokes (and there is hardly any) and the dangerous situations in the movie are just copied directly from "Honey I Shrunk Kids". The third problem, special effects. I'm sure it was done with a smaller budget, but they are pathetic, much worse than those that appear in the rest of the series. You should admire these little characters who are exploring a huge home area, but you probably end up spending most of the time. <br /> <br /> The fourth problem is to find action inside the house just boring. Only a few things happen, and when it happens, they are not thrilling at all. The first movie was fun because the children were concerned with the nature, the grass and the bugs that live in it. In this case, adults (who are quite boring when compared to children) deal with dust, cockroaches and cockroaches. I do not understand. I do not know why the idea of ​​giving such a humble sequel to a long-dead series appealed to Disney executives, except when they needed money without having to spend five minutes thinking about something new. I warn you: leave this tasteful waste where it should stay: get dust on the shelves of the store.
