At a time when the constitutions and principles on which the United States was founded, they are irritated by an administration desperately drawing attention from their own internal problems where the Geneva convention, human rights and foreign sovereignty are unapologetically eliminated, the thriller of the state, the unlawful conduct , which far exceeds the boundaries of the terrorists that oppose it, may seem appropriate. However, if you want to see a movie about it, try Ed Zwick is defective THE SIEGE instead, because NADA is one of the most infantile "political" thrillers he ever did. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director took on a subject that seems totally unconscious and identifies with his ignorance in almost every single shot. His terrorists are a wildly unconvincing group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi dresses up as if he was auditioning for MAD Magazine "Spy vs. Spy," Michel Duchaussoy acts like absurd KIDS IN THE HALL to send professor of sociology from hell, Mariangel Melato, carton revolutionary medieval revolutionary - every unconvincing conspiracy turns around as if they wanted to be caught The corrupt authorities are a bit better, but they are still painted with unconvincingly broad moves. <br /> <br /> It is possible to create a smart film about fools (Election option), but it's a sad movie about dumb people who think they are intellectuals who talk down to the masses. In fact, it was one that would rework Testi, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed. The result would really be to increase the intellectual content of the film, and to reduce it. Chabrol could just get away with his characters and events if he took them seriously, but his production is so awkward (battle scenes would disturb the nursery class, while filming kidnappings is more awkward than kidnappings) and his inability to get his cast with the least some approach to recognizable human behavior so overwhelming that it is really embarrassing to watch (there must be a special mention of Duchausso: so very good in Chabrol's QUE LA BETE MUERE, there is a terrible bad show that is so far across the peak that it is back) . Chabrol did some fine movies, but you could never guess from this amateur mess - the newcomer to his work would never want to see his other movies after it was a great shame. Clear drizzle and sad waste of potentially interesting material. One of ten stars - and that's very generous.
