I have watched several episodes from this show and found that certain elements are interesting, given the medical facts that can be learned. But it is totally upstaged and has failed the infinite immoral relationships of the show's characters. Everyone seems to have slept with almost everyone, even in office hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There seems to be no solid, permanent marriage or relationship throughout the show - they are all divided and downstream - that's really the reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy, and it is really full. <br /> <br /> Then we are endless small moral "dilemmas" and are generally solved in a way that does not agree with conscious degenerate management and private practice staff. For example, in one of the most recent episodes, the extremely rare situation of a child born with an uncertain gender appears in us, and Addison is totally refusing to perform surgery because we should let the child later decide on his gender. Anyone who disagrees with it is portrayed as immature and stupid. And I think someone who is anti-abortion would be offended in the way the pro-lifers will take on the show. Addison made a note that no one had the right to express this problem, and the only black character was given dignity to oppose abortion on moral grounds. The overall feeling was that if you face a miscarriage, you are scared - a barely popular mood in the US. Two of the main characters in the show unknowingly report abortion when they were younger and have no justification or regret, although research has shown that women may experience intense depression. What's more, the young girl will come to the clinic for abortion and then thank the employees on their way out and somebody talks about how they helped this young person and it was something that could be conjured up. The script could be written in Planned Parenthood. Overall, this is a cheap show that lacks much of a future unless it decides to imagine more realistic relationships rather than just incredible relationships with soap surgery and a far-reaching health situation around the world. the whole show.
