The story of a woman (Ann) on her deathbed, her two daughters (Nina and Constance) and her thoughts about her past. Manuscripts relate to the weekend when young Ann is at the wedding of her friend Lily. At the wedding he meets Harris, who will have her for the rest of her life. Despite all the ups and downs of her professional and family life, she remembers it as her true love. Her daughter, Constance, is older, more responsible, mother of two, and has things in common. Nina jumps from friend to boyfriend and job to work, and she is not sure about her directions in her life. <br /> <br /> First good. Time is great in the movie. Dresses, hair, cars, homes, etc. will really get you to another time and place. And in the movie is a very good acting. Vanessa Redgrave is pretty good at showing the main character and her fragile mental state when her life ends. Claire Danes is beautiful and does a great job as a main character when she was young (and she is an excellent singer). Hugh Dancy brought a lot of life to the character of Lily Buddy's brother. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad, which unfortunately is everything else. Things are constantly disrupting the story because it is developing for us. The chemistry between young Ann and Buddy is great. They have fun and dance. Then ... you should believe that he really does not like more than a friend and that his pinec only makes her uncomfortable. And I thought the whole, "could be gay," the thing was blue and did not serve the purpose. Then we're Harris. The character is wooden and scary. If it was a different genre, you knew Harris was a serial killer on how to get there. It's an incredible stretch when you think all these girls love him (but they tell the other boys as nice to try to help him). And the biggest problem of all. Why do not Ann and Harris meet? They belong to each other. They have this great sex tonight in an old dirty garden hut, come home and learn about the tragic end of Buddy and then ... Nothing. Now they meet a few years later, and they all think I think why. WHY? The film does not know you know why they were forced to marry other people and that's why I did not regret it. Part of the story is quite dull today. Klich's good daughter and poor daughter cliché. Nina changes during the movie, but I do not know why. I'm not sure what persuades her to change her life. There is a "moving" scene where daughters are joining what coincides with old Ann dreaming that she is chasing a butterfly. It's really lame and embarrassing. <br /> <br /> "There are no mistakes," Ann says. This statement does not mean a true story. And after seeing the movie, that does not mean the truth and wished they did not lose the talent of such good actors.
