CHOKE (aka AX in the UK) is a slash produced probably as a direct-to-DVD movie. I say "supposedly," because the movie name does not contain "V" in brackets, which suggests it was made for DVD movies (although it has the appearance of one). <br /> <br /> The story is simple? The band holds a concert in a former meat factory and kills one after another. I think most would agree that the movie will never be a masterpiece, but that does not justify the mistakes here. Even DVD movies, like BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE (which have a very low IMDb rating), have a lot of redemption and sometimes become one of the so-called "so bad" films that are good. However, CHOKE is far from being either a serious slasher (for example, HALLOWEEN), or is "so bad a good movie" (such as NAIL GUN MASSACRE). The movie starts well with the character killed by the drill. Blood effects were very sober, but understandable due to the very low budget. But from there it's completely down. <br /> <br /> There are so many mistakes in CHOKE that I could talk about them all day. But a couple of obvious ones are going out and I'm going to them. The above-mentioned concert, which the band keeps, starts with about 50 attendees, but after the end of the music, only about 8 people are left behind (and yet they are all locked!) <br /> <br /> The characters in this movie are not at all pleasantly. Most members of the band are aggressive crazy fools or just totally weird. Nobody really cares about what happens to them, and even their supposed friends will forget about them when they are sent. The highlight of the film is the presence of the homeless, who seems to consider the meat factory to be a kind of church (seriously!). There are some really funny lines for no obvious reason. But it is sad that even his presence can not save the film. <br /> <br /> There are too many scenes of people who are going through and talking without any characterization. You spend about 65 minutes of watching movies by watching people who are talking. Characters disappear for a long time without explanation. As with other DVD movies, such as CROCODILE and GRIM WEEKEND, they lack a lot of time aggressively without provoking them. There are plenty of breakthrough blasts (mostly male characters), and one almost results in full combat. In fact, it would be possible to say that this is the following form: the characters walk - the murder takes place - the characters walk - the murder takes place. You get an idea. The dialogue is terrible and it seems that a few words are spoken without using f-words. Maybe it should be funny, but it's just sad. And even more, we all saw it a thousand times before (usually to a much greater effect). The film is completely rid of all tension. Dead bodies serve only to make the characters threatened. The maniac runs freely and the characters behave like a complete fool. He tries to get out of the factory or find a weapon to protect. And most of the time they do not pretend to be afraid. Like DRIVE-IN MASSACRE is not a killer at the time the murders are committed, except for the final murder when the identity of the killer is revealed). A random weapon appears from nothing to kill the victim. There is no one who can see the characters at any time. In DRIVE-IN MASSACRE, it makes the movie fun (of course, unintentionally), but it's not fun at all. And as another reviewer has pointed out, the soundtrack contains music that is very bad, even for those who like punk rock. The strange things seem uncomfortable. Score (no music at the beginning!) Consists of the Sugarbabe wannabes group singing some very bad songs that is completely unrelated to the movie. in this review. This reviewer likes bad movies (like NASA MASACRE GUN and BACHELOR PARTY MASSACRE) as well as classic (for example HALLOWEEN and Friday 13). It seems, however, that CHOKE tried too hard to get into one of these categories without getting involved. And even when it comes to movies on DVD, it's a bad job. <br /> <br /> A positive note that the film contains some rather good scenes with murderous animals. But when surviving characters are not really interested in the situation, these scenes have lost their importance quickly because the intensity they provide will disappear into oblivion. Fans of the traditional 1980s B-movie slashers should take steps to eliminate this movie. And fans of classics like HALLOWEEN and Friday 13 should do everything in their power to avoid it!
