Choke begins as a rock band known as The Choke is preparing for a nightclub concert called 'Club 905' owned and operated by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker). Leading singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) want to tell the rest of the band, bassist London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that both will be solo and their services will not take longer. Once in the club Dylan is preparing, but Mike will not show up and the concert becomes a disaster. Then, as the group thinks things can not get worse, they find a dead body in the cellar that all the doors have been locked so they can not get out and can not trust anyone how the mysterious killer starts from them one by one ... < br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas Choke is a standard teen slasher from the beginning who really has nothing for it. Scenario Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many horror films written by ladies ...) has surprisingly good character and some clever dialogue, but although much better than a lot of modern footage on a horror camera is so slow and boring , that even a few interesting characters can not come anywhere near to its placement. As if all the usual clichés for adolescents, from an isolated site where the victims can not escape, the well-liked teenagers who divide, a few murders and the end of a really bad twist trying to imitate something like that is Scream (1996) and is surprising but you do not think that if you mean it logically (could not do some of the things you should have) and make matters worse, I think who the assassin was quite early and although I do not want to boast that I am was in place. Then there is the fact that the creators of The Choke thought the audience would be entertained by showing endless scenes of teenagers going through the dark corridors that do not do anything special, but I'm sorry, but there are just so many the scenes I can take before it gets boring. The number of killings is low, initially everyone chooses to stick together (good idea), but then randomly decide to split up and leave separately (bad idea when a freelance killer), the pace is lethargic, killing scenarios are non-imaginative and to the summit it's all from the end of the twist is bad. Director Mas it okay, the movie looks OK for the most part, though there are special occasions when it uses some unpleasant posting technique of the editing process, such as slow motion or skipping the pictures. Gore levels are not really scratching, there is some blood, a pyrex with a hole in the chest, a few dead bodies, and someone rushes onto some metal bars. Most kills are out of the screen, with the ax being killing at the end a good example of a movie that actually does not show anything. Since the movie is a rock band, there's a pretty rock-oriented soundtrack with some really horrible, terrible rock songs that are used on it. I apologize to fans of rock music, but my ear is just a noise. It's not scary, there's no real atmosphere and lack of blood, and the gore is simply inexcusable when the rest of the movie is so bad. With the estimated budget of around $ 1,000,000 Choke being well-made with reasonable production value, it looks cheap, but it's certainly not as cheap as many low-budget horror movies look like. I shot a place called Spokane in Washington. Acting is one of the strongest movies because it's pretty good overall, I mean, no one will win the Oscar, but it's not bad. Choke is simply a routine classic teen slasher that has one of the weakest curved ends and a criminal shortage of blood, gore, violence, nudity and corpses. I mean, does the slasher have any sex or gore, what's the point? These are the only things on average slasher, right?
