I went to see "Evening" due to cast. I went to see "Norman's room" for the reason - the movie that offered Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and Meryl Streep - and loved every minute. Same as "Notebook," though it was a cat. And I had the feeling that everything offered by Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close would be at least as good. Instead, I find that sometimes the greatest actors can not overcome the trite, simplifying and - on one occasion - really offensive material. Now I have no problem with how the film was structured. Actually, I enjoy movies that are going forward and upward to tell the story ... as long as one era illuminates the second verse verse. But while Vanessa's figure was on her deathbed and remembered the past event, she felt it was a "mistake," but she did not read when the part actually showed what the "past mistake" was doing to clarify it. In fact, it seems to be nonsensical in the strongest "girl meets boy, girl with boy, girl loses boy" fashion, and in the most incredible, cliché, bad-guided way possible. And be spoilers here, so keep in mind that you should continue reading. <br /> <br /> Claire Danes was brutally miscast first. Not only does she not start as Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, she does not have stamas in terms of acting. Do not get me wrong, it can be good in the right role - just not this one. And Patrick Wilson was a bad guy, though he has an actor to almost pull him off. It would be a better fitting part played by Hugh Dancy - the rich confused WASP - and not the subject of sexual attraction to one and everything; he's a little too WASP-y for that. Hugh Dancy? One note - "I'm drunk drunk and wait until you find out why." And "Why" (I'm a box case in a sexually suppressed world, so I have to drink surplus and make a fool in front of me all I know) was so unpleasant to me and the way he died (as you knew it would be because that's the only thing that can become frightening in the 1950s), so absurd, wrong and wrong, I almost threw a candle to the screen. a modern part between Toni Collette and her sister, her fear of determination, the jealousy of the "perfect life" of her sister and her sister, she wondered if she had decided correctly, her pregnancy and her too perfect friend (which might be more interesting and meaningful if she played Patrick Wilson, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach might have been more interesting to Harris, given his dreamy eyes) - anyway, it was all shocked in the 70s and 80s. And in much greater depth. Do we really have to imagine it again, as if it were fresh and significant? And to the beginning, Meryl Streep does not even appear until the last ten minutes of the movie, all in the old lady's make-up that hides many of her facial expressions. It's still good, but just because it's Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to pull out the most powerful dialogue under the heaviest make-up. So, simply, this film has every cliché in the "really meaningful message" of the movie book and adds a few that really did not have any shops that would turn out. After two hours of long and attracted to "Lifetime of the Week" music, which guarantees you to crush you, it's a complete disturbance in the "meaningful" and "movie" aspects. I'm giving it "3" just for Meryl and Vaness. <br /> <br /> Now if everything you want from your movies is twice le, then please set your notes on the "evening" party and you have time for your life. But if you want a truly meaningful experience to serve great actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the nonsense it brings, rent "Norman's room" and find out what a great deal is.
