There's a good movie lurking here, but it's not. The basic idea is good: to explore the moral issues that would be faced by a group of young survivors of the apocalypse. But the logic is so confused that it is impossible to get involved. For example, our four heroes are (of course) paranoid about how to catch a mysterious airborne infection that is destroyed by virtually the whole of humanity. Still, they sometimes wear surgical masks, not others. Sometimes they are fanatical about how to bleach any area affected by the infected person with the bleach. Otherwise they seem to be totally insignificant. <br /> <br /> Even worse, after apparently surviving for a few weeks or months in this new world killed or killed, these people are always acting as a complete newbie. They do not bother the accumulation of the right equipment or food. They always fall out of the fuels in the middle of nowhere. They do not take basic measures when meeting strangers. And after wading through nesting creatures, the entire human race is as irritated as the protected debutants. You have to constantly think how long they could survive ... and even if they did, why would anyone want to make a movie about them. So when these dweebs stop agonizing over the moral dimension of their actions, it is impossible to take their mental search seriously. Their deeds should first have some minimal meaning. <br /> <br /> In addition, we have to fight with the dubious acting skills of Chris Pine. His portrayal of an arrogant youngster, James T. Kirk, might have seemed clever when he looked in isolation. But he plays exactly the same comment in Nosići: arrogant and hidden. It is impossible to doubt that this represents its entire dramatic extent. On the positive side, the movie looks great. It has a sharp, saturated appearance that really suits the Southwest American environment. But it can not save really weak writing or paper thin (and unpleasant) characters. Even if you are a fan of the end of the world genre, you should save the agony of tracking carriers.
