"Carriers" follows the explosions of two boys and two girls in a stolen Mercedes with the words "a roadside warrior on the hood" that drove her down the surfboard motorway to the top of their car. Brian (Chris Pine of "Star Trek") runs and his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo of "Coyote Ugly") has a shotgun, while Brian's younger brother Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of Fanboys) and his girlfriend Kate VanCamp from "The Ring 2") occupies the rear seat. This quartet of the twentieth man lives in the nightmare. It seems that the pandemic virus - which co-directors and co-writers Alex Pastor and David Pastor do not tell us absolutely nothing - has destroyed America. Of course, the lack of exposure is shaved for at least fifteen minutes, which would slow down this cynical melodrama about how people in the crisis devastate and become their worst enemies. This deadly virus gives you shingles, and then you bleed and die. Most people run around those white masks attached to their nose and their mouths with a thin rubber band. Initially, this four-man meets a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni of the Runaway Bride) and his cute daughter, Jodie (Kiernan Shipka of the "Land of Lost"), blocking the motorway with their SUVs. Brian turns around Frank when he tries to overcome them, but the oil bowl in his Mercedes shatters and they stop on foot. Reluctantly, they come to Frank when Jodie seals the rear of the SUV. He carries the mask over his nose and mouth and is covered with blood. Frank heard the doctors treat the sick in the hospital and head for him. Still, someone lied to Frank. A doctor in the hospital gives the last couple some Kool-Aid that will drive them out of their misery. This treatment did not improve their condition. Everyone else in town is dead. Kate tries to test the dial tone on every phone without success. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter and leaves a heroic quartet suitable for his SUV and sets off. In fact, the Carriers qualify as an inexorably depressing film about the effects of a pandemic on four sympathetic people who devastate murderers to protect themselves. They get to the country club and go out on the golf course until the next four show up in suits and masks with bomb shooters. Unbelievably, our protagonists manage to escape without shooting, but Brian is afraid when he almost falls into floating-body water. Eventually he finds out that one of them has become infected. Later, when they're going to run out of gas, Brian blocks the highway as Frank did. Danny tries to stop a couple of older Christian women driving the car. Danny lies that his pregnant wife is about to give birth and that he needs their help. Brian throws caution on the wind and launches ladies with an automatic gun when they refuse to help them. Brian captures a servant in the passenger's foot, but he will kill her. <br /> <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a film of beer and pizza that you can either laugh or laugh at because humor practically does not exist. By the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes became villains who only care about themselves and their misfortunes. Chris Pine makes an impression because Brian and his energetic performance are the only reason why he hangs with this hokum, while the only other famous actress, Piper Perabo, is condemned to the insignificant role of a girlfriend. Like Bobby, he's tragically wrong to show sympathy to the dying girl and pay a terrible price. It is a testimony to Pine's performance that he can change his character to the place where he stands before others. Basically, Pine has a single role that gives him the ability to pull one eighty of a happy-lucky guy to a heartless guy. Two directors are Spanish brothers who have never left the flag of moment. Because there is no relief in the neighborhood, "Carriers" are falling into predictability. "Irreversible" cameraman Benoît Debie does a fantastic job with a wide-angle lens and as opaque as this trip goes, Debie looks like a dynamic movie. In addition to lack of happy ending or closure in any sense, the word "Carriers" suffers because it is so cynical. The scene where the German Shepherd attacks Danny is causing the most tension, but it could even be better. Unfortunately, pastor's brothers do not frighten too much strain or tension. When you fade, you really do not care what happens to someone.
