Around the late 1970s, animator Don Bluth, frustrated by his company's output, Disney, had fled, drove away from the Mouse House and set up his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, was an outstanding feature that has been preserved today. This was followed by US TAIL and THE LAND BEFORE TIME, both produced with the participation of Steven Spielberg and commercially successful. Although none of these two films have dark NIMH's wishes, they are still very graceful, enjoyable features for both children and adults. But soon, Don Bluth had his first big wreckage with all the cats going to heaven; critics were particularly harsh on this film, and it did not help to see Disney's The LITTLE MERMAID open up. Since the movie has such a pleasant sound, one could expect COATS IS ONE to make it a pleasant family fare. Instead, Bluth provides a surprisingly dark story about gambling, fraud, crime, mismanagement and murder. This in itself is not a problem for the animated image, but it casts doubt on whether the film is intended for children. On the other hand, it is hard to tell if adults will find a lot to enjoy in ALL THE KIDS IS ONE. In short, it's a movie with a big identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Set on the terrible courtyard of New Orleans, the movie begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a German shepherd, through a car courtesy of his former gambling partner, ugly cigars, Carfax. By the time you know it, Charlie finds himself in heaven, though it's implicit. Here angel whippet Annabelle tells him that "all the dogs go to heaven because, unlike humans, dogs are usually loyal and kind." This line represents the confused nature of the movie because the dogs in the movie and the whippet aside are presented as something else. When he realizes that he is murdered, Charlie will come back to Earth and land that will even be brought to Carface. With reluctant help from his badger boy Itchy Charlie "saves" the Carface Award, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (to predict who wins rats). Charlie claims to help a young boy find his family but actually uses his skills to win the race to build his complicated casino that Carface would give. Though he refuses to admit, Charlie grows loving AnneMarie ... <br /> <br /> The story concept is not as problematic as the execution. In addition to the human girl AnneMarie and the glamorous musical alligator, who appears about three quarters (with Ken Page voice), none of the other characters appear sympathetic or sincere, even worth taking care of. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; in an attempt to make him an anti-hero, a script (composed of more than ten writers) he only succeeded in making his character invaluable. As such, the audience does not feel Charlie's empathy, and even worse, his redemption at the end of the film is not so convincing. (Another damaging character is the unfortunate vocal performance of Burt Reynolds.) In addition to the lack of great leadership, there is another film problem in the story structure. Slowly developing land jumps all over the place and has the habit of throwing other scenes that serve no purpose but clean the run of the film. The above-mentioned musical alligator (who lives in a dunic channel infested by native rats) seems to have been thrown out of nowhere, just as the scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity AnneMarie when he feeds a pizza pastel package. The entire script feels like the first rough draft; a little more gloss could make it a stricter and more positive story. <br /> <br /> The issues are not helped by the bad musical numbers of Charlie Strous and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's song and Gathereal ballad are the only good one, the other one has the advantage of Ken Page's melodic voice) or unequal voice cast. As has already been said, the rigid and intolerable Charlet, which Burt Reynolds is aggravated by its unlike nature (the only exception is the fiery confession of Itchy about his true intentions towards the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is pretty good, but he played better, especially Tiger in the US TAIL and Jeremy in SECRET OF NIMH. Ken Page, as mentioned, is amazing in everything he does, but his character has such a small role that his overall benefit is, at best, immense. Similarly, Loni Anderson (like Collie who once earned the litter with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly are also losing. Judith Barsi, like AnneMarie, is probably the only one that is genuinely unforgettable, partly because her character is the only legitimate face in this depressing and hopeless show. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Technically this film contains some of the most imaginative visual effects from Blutt's team (according to the 1980 standard), which is a particularly scary scene when Charlie has a nightmare about ending in a fiery underworld controlled by a guaranteed Satanic dog demon. If anything, the film is more triumph of animation than telling stories. Overall, however, I can not recommend ALL PEOPLE IS ON YOU as good entertainment. Even though I realized that the film has its fans and the peak admits it gives some energy and the conclusion is that the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's better effort. Animation fans will be amazed by the seductive art, but at the time they end up, ALL CATS GO TO DANGEROUS could very well leave a bad taste in the mouth.
