I studied Catalan and I was glad to find El Mar, a film with most Catalan dialogue, in my art shop. Hmmm ... he was not so happy to see it. </ br /> <br /> Yes, as other reviewers have said, it's well done and beautifully photographed. Although the initial succession of children is shocking violent, it is well executed and convincing. (Usually it is ... Can the Mallorcan rip the corpse in preparation for the funeral right in the middle of the square, in full view of the 10-year-old dead boy?) Oh, fine .. little details. Until that moment, he had a feeling of having a panic labyrinth, also found in the Spanish Civil War. Fast forward and the three children who survived the introductory event came to an age. Francisca is a nun working in the tuberculosis sanatorium, and both men, Manuel and Ramallo, are both patients. I know, but hey, the coincidence happens. The problem, like so many Spanish films (I apologize to Almodovar fans), is that, with one exception (Francisca), the characters are just strange. Their motivations, personalities and dialogues are often simply disjointed. What's more, he is descending into some awful wasteful surplus. Be prepared for many pains and lots of blood. The classmate who called it "potboiler" is quite on the way. If it was done 40 years ago, the poster would say: INCLUDE LOVE !! RAPE!! MURDER!! MUTILATION!! FANATICISM!! TREATMENT OF ANIMALS !! BETRAYAL!! <br /> <br /> The introductory sequence is not enough to make the personality and character relationships credible. If you want to work, it should have several flashes that will allow you to erase characters. It seems to be a bizarre and depressing cross between "Brother Sun, Sister Moon" and "Pulp Fiction". If it sounds like something you have to see, enjoy it anyway. I think I'm going with something that does not seem to me that I need a shower to soothe hatred and darkness. As for Catalan, it is the naval dialect of Mallorqui, quite different from the Barcelona dialect, although I was surprised by the remark that even Barcelonaers apparently needed Catalan subtitles to understand.
