THIS REVIEW IS ALL ALL SPOILERS. IF YOU PLANN YOU TO USE THIS FILM, DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW. <br /> <br /> This is a problem with children nowadays. Everything is so patronizing and condescending. "Wow, that was fun, was not it?" No, it was not. And unfortunately, it also seemed to penetrate into children's films. And that's all he says "Flight of the Reindeer." True, I have not seen a "flight of reindeer" in a few years, so I can be hazy at some points, but I remember that at that time I was strongly misunderstood. <br /> <br /> In essence, the story follows a lecturer who got the book at Christmas. Now, he is the lecturer of the animal, a respected scientist for the flying habits of an animal. I think they were bullfrogs. However, in this book, the lecturer / family man teaches that sobs can fly exactly like bullfrogs. It seems that this book was written by a scientist who disappeared many hundreds of years ago at the North Pole. Now, if it was me, I'd drive a book from the nearest window. Flying bull frogs are a naturally occurring phenomenon, but flying sobs are a fantastic and completely unrealistic concept. But the lecturer I AM is not me, so I think he explains why he decides to fly to the North Pole and leave his wife and child at home without the idea of ​​where he left. Of course, things are doing badly, and before he knows, the summer reindeer hits a private plane and he's stuck on the North Pole. Still watching it? Good. <br /> <br /> His family is, of course, destroyed. I would, too, I want to say what a jacket-like Christmas. Elsewhere, the lecturer finds himself in a hidden city on a northern pole inhabited by small specters and one tyrant figure who dresses only in red and white. Rather than trying to escape immediately, as I would, he greets everyone with open arms. This hidden civilization of predatory monsters and he greets them with open arms. Oooo-kayyyy. It feeds this story that they are the elves of Santa Claus and have spent all year making toys for children who have no idea they exist. And the lecturer accepted it. He even admits that Santa Claus is in fact a scientist who disappeared two hundred years ago or what. There is only one problem - they do not want to leave. The world can not know their secret existence. After all, before they know, there will be McDonalds and Starbucks at every corner. <br /> <br /> Still with me? <br /> <br /> and suppose he left for the North Pole. Boy, will not they be ashamed to find out he was just walking on a walk? Before the audience knows, they are leaving to spend Christmas in the most authentic winter landscape of wonders on the planet. Meanwhile, the lecturer had annoyed all the dirty little things and decided to leave. I do not remember it exactly, but I remember remembering Santa Claus holding the rifle. Fighting the fire occurs when he attacks and he can escape through the sled sledge. With Santa's hot on the heels and blood in his eyes, Mr. Whatever, through some amazing common occurrence, finds himself flying by the side of his family looking for him. So he jumps on their plane, the plane flies back and everyone lives happily ever after. The fact is that there have been some shocking movies made in the name of Christmas over the years, but because they have the holiday charm that they have lost with. And that is the charm that is totally rid of the "reindeer flight". nothing that offends intelligence (yes, of course it is, but it's a kid's movie, so it can get away with such things) or something particularly offensive, but the problem is that there's nothing good about it either. It just does not need Christmassy. And because of the movie that's about Christmas, it's a pretty big mistake. But hey, do not I think this is the idea of ​​a target hay fly audience? Why should they? Everyone is so sedated on sedatives, which they probably can not call 'Christmas'. I give her three out of ten. If it was a television movie, I'd add two more stars to it. We all know how bad they can get.
