I'm a big fan of movies that think about you. I'm still thinking about the long and hard one, seven minutes after the credits rolled. What's really fuzzy on my neurons is an attempt to understand the meaning of a naked girl's conspiracy that she likes with a neat, greasy body shot at cheap video. This is happening three times, and I was sure it would be explained in the end. I trusted filmmakers that this sharp attempt to attract viewers would be well founded. It was not. The film should be the most apathetic that I came across in the genre. The sets look like a cross between Dr Who set and a badly shaped idea for a sponge. Illumination is unthinkable (if your sets are so bad, at least turn them in half-shuffle to hide the gypsum board and create some atmosphere). From a kidnapped quartet, the girl appears extraordinarily chrome, but none of them has a personality. The plans of foreigners for world domination are simply stupid - all they need is a contraceptive pill and their problems are resolved. Most of the film consists of people walking around the corridors. Yes, it's really so exciting. The special effect of "beam weapons" is ... curious, at least (what is a weapon that takes 15 seconds of concentrated explosion, and even the guy will return again?). The script is like the bad episode The A-Team, and the ladies' hair styles come from the same time, so they look like school teachers instead of an advanced team of murderous alien invaders. When we finally look at how aliens look, they're in suspended animation and never get out of their boxes. The distinction of the story - the traitor of an alien has just a few words with the commanding commander of the fleet and without the second thought of going home - is indeed a sign of a writer who never had an idea more complex than a cartoon on Saturday morning without a fence, action or characterization) in his life. But seriously, what is the naked cat? Was it really so that they could justify placing meat on a DVD packaging to increase sales?
