Another film from Priyadarshan / Vohra, which was seen for TP rather than real desire, the only reason I saw this movie was the fact that regular players (Akshay Paresh and many others) are not present, but it is useless to say I had little expectation from this film. I was pleased with the departure in general, except that Rajpal Yadav, who again disturbs without borders, but pulls out some laughs, but these were the standard, original jokes, in fact this whole movie is like playing dhol, I think it only takes a few talents to make loud noise, or even play strange good beat on Dhol for a short time it? They are the only ones who can make many different beats in the long run, who are considered great. Which brings us to the second tool, Dumroo hardly requires any talent, has no variation, and it can be for a while a pleasant monkey dancing (hmm sounds like Rajpal Yadav, a good analogy), but it's not a tool that will make you entertain for a long time or even you will dance like Dhol. /> This movie was like dhol and dumroo was played, sometimes Dhol sometimes played dumroo, sometimes both together, but mostly Dumroo played alone and the monkey danced. And just like every 24 years older than I was later bored. The movie has some good Dhol (good) moments, but after some time I heard that it was unpleasant Dumroo (first funny, then acceptable and irritable), the big common parts really make sure that this movie is especially good for some fun clips on " MY BHEINS KO ANDA KYUN MARA "(if you did not see him watching the movie, the evening comes and it's really funny). This movie had its moments, the actors did a great job, except Rajpal Yadav (who can act even though I saw him at Main Meri Patni?), Which poisoned more than having fun, I said it many times and I will say it again. I really think that Sharman Joshi and Tushar Kapoor have a great career in front of them in the chambers with many stars. Some scenes were really funny, such as attempts to ignite the girl's father, attempts to take the girl and take her away. But after that, there was an effort to make this film much more addicted, meaning that as soon as the girl got, the next 45-60 minutes was getting tormented, the top was "so bad that it's a very good category "I mean what it was you think if you had to have a tense end at least make some attempt to make it delicious. The film is also very predictable, there is hardly a scene you can not predict and you will not break into a spontaneous burst of laughter here it's more like seeing it coming in and almost laughing before the gag. The film progresses after a gradual decline in entire films except for an odd impact, down or up, and then quickly falls down the hill once they become a girl with the girl. <br /> <br /> Most of the really bad scenes were coming to an end, one movie is trying to be more than running a mile comedy, too many jokes were very very stable and smell of repetition, Last 10-15 was especially DISTATEFULL and completely SPOILS MOVIE. I did not find Tanushree Dattu quite the siren she was supposed to play, and her actor's talent is a serious matter, especially with regard to her unimpressive appearance unless you can be HOT and can not imagine how much time you can survive. Technically, this film was also weak, with a constant female look and dirty lighting and a camera. <br /> <br /> Songs except the title song were not good when the songs were played in the 2nd half I felt collective breathing from the audience. In all the movie, which is just plain about casting, and very low expectations. <br /> <br /> It prevents it from being a bad idea. And if it has to be watched watch on a free or very cheap matinee television or something that is necessary, if you pay full multiplex rates, you will feel disappointed. <br /> <br /> - There are lots of dull jokes, RAJPAL YADAV, LAST 45 MINS AND LAST 15 MINS FOREIGN, badly technically bad songs. <br /> <br /> +/- is trying to be more than what it was not regular cast (I'm happier for that), Tanushree Datta. Some good scenes at the beginning, the title song, good acting and cast except RY. <br /> <br /> 4.5 / 10 (I'm trying to be objective here, I do not like Rajpal Yadav or Tanushree Datta and this film has met my very low expectations, so I'm benefiting from all the doubts, the absolute conditions this film was not more than 4)
