Noel Coward, a humorous and urban man, was a friend with Louis Mountbatten. Coward, a longtime admirer of all marine affairs, was commissioned to write a story freely based on the loss of the Mountbatten. In a strangely British way, it was that the film about the Royal Navy, which loses sightings at sea, would be a good propaganda. It was also considered a good idea for Mr. Coward to play part of the boat captain. He changed many of the features needed to master a battleship, the ability to speak in a very cut voice and sing sophisticated "point" songs are not too high on the list in the Admiralty House, or at least one would hope not. The captain must gain and maintain respect for the wardroom and the lower deck alike. Mr. Coward could have respect for Drury Lane's masters, and Binkie Beaumont might be frightened, but his ability to tame, shape, and manage the ship's crew during the war must be questioned. the bridge, the patronage of other ranks, and barking orders with officers, needed only a silk bathrobe and a cigarette holder to be home. Most of the themes are made up of the theme "The warship as a microcosm of British society," and the crew usually consists of the usual cheerful curls, canny northerners, etc. Without which we can not fight. Most of the time they spend aboard smoking, moaning on Lord Haw Haw and lifting. No matter, there is plenty more where they come from. From the moment they are on the shore, they go directly to the pub, where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning on Lord Hawa Hawa and exploding. On the contrary, Mr. Coward lives in a dream house with a door-colored rosette somewhere very quiet with very little chance of getting into the air. His female wife and their two red faces cherubs converse in absurdly tangled tones and said that the woman gives most of her time spending things for the bad unfortunates who make up his crew and what she refers to their surname. This handsome young master Johnny Mill has a prominent role as a totally unbelievable kind of deck that worships Mr. Coward in exactly the same way as an angry dog ​​worships his master. He married his girlfriend after kissing her on her face, probably because she might be pregnant for such unrestrained passion. So yes, we have a small microcosm of British society here, but maybe not how the creators "intend to serve". In conclusion, Mr. Coward will have the last chance of belonging to his men as several survivors have changed around him, "Goodbye Edwards, it was privilege to fly with you," he says, as if recite "How to Brown a Cow." Maybe it was David Lean's feature debut, but Noel Coward's hand became very real in this picture. He was a funny and clever man who was better suited for writing complicated games about poor little rich girls and boys scattered by the occasional horror song. He had a talent without doubt, but he could not even write about a convincing dialogue. When Noel Coward was employed full-time, he did not have time to be a real person.
