I'm quite a fan of novelist / screenwriter Michael Chabon. His novel "Wonder Boys" became a fantastic film by Curtis Hanson. His masterpiece "The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay" won the Pulitzer Prize a few years ago and had a hand in the "Spider Man 2" script, probably the greatest comic book ever. <br /> <br /> Director Rawson Marshall Thurber also directed great comedy songs such as Dodgeball and the brilliant short film Terry Tate: Office Linebacker. And with the occupations including Pears Saarsgard, Siena Miller, Nicole Nolte and Mena Suvari, it seems to be unstoppable. It is so. Literally. Jon Foster stars as Art Bechstein, son of the gangsta (Nolte), who recently graduated from the Economics degree. Jon is in a state of arrest: he works in Book Barn with a minimum wage, has a faulty relationship with his girlfriend / boss, Phlox (Suvari), a little more than a lot of sex, without any plans to calm down on a career for which he has zero passion. One evening at the party, a former roommate introduces Jon Jane (Miller), a beautiful and clever violinist. Later that night, they go to the cake and she asks Jon's questions that start shaking him from his catatonic state of existence: "I want you to tell me something you never told a single soul to make that night indelible." Jon tells her about his repeated dream in which he travels around the city and looks at the faces of strangers passing through him, none of whom see him in his eyes. "I think it must be what's dead," he says. The next day, Jane's wild friend Cleveland (Saarsgard) kidnapped Jon from work and took him to a heavy abandoned steelmill, and soon Jon, Cleveland and Jane spend every waking moment together with punk rock concerts, do drugs and drink a lot of alcohol. It does not fit well with Phlox and attracts Jon to a more personal relationship, namely to meet new friends and father. The film then tries to get us on Jon's way when he shakes the strains his father made, Phlox, and his dead end when he and his relationship with Cleveland and John meet with freedom and expression. /> There is a problem with watching the film following Jon: it's totally uninteresting. He has no ambitions, passions or goals. It goes through life as the invisible wraith Jane described the night they met. In the beginning it is not a problem. But it will never become more interesting. It is completely passive. It simply follows Bohemian Cleveland and Jane, but never gives us any doubts about what she is interested in or she wants to do. <br /> <br /> Then the movie and its supporting characters do not go anywhere and do anything other than party, sex and get into arguments. In other words, a lot of nothing. What we have here is the shallow skin of a good film without something on it. Scorched cinema, grim vote with long-distance characters, lots of sex scenes, both direct and gay, big arguments, angry sex, chasing scene and tragic death ... but it does not seem to matter. The irony is that Jane, confused in a series of Jon's unintended actions, asks, "What's going on, Joni, what does that mean?" Yes, Jon, say it. We in the audience are also dying to know. The "Pittsburgh Mystery" must refer to the characters themselves, because that's what they are. They are all facades, a one-dimensional stop of real people. The film will never leave us. We never know what causes one of them to click. We see that they do a lot of things, but we do not know why. And the absence of "why" is one of the worst things a movie may have.
