Cecil B. deMille is a demonstrating Manslaughter in 1922 to find beautiful Leatrice Joy as a good-hearted but decadent young lady with more money than she knows what to do. Her ruthlessness leads to imprisonment, which in turn leads to her regeneration. Thomas Meighan is a crusader district attorney who has made his personal crusade to bring Lydia (joy) to goodness and health, but she's turned away from alcohol, and once she is released, she's up to her to save him! > <br /> If the sketch does not sound too bad, you will be amazed at the slides. The quality of the deMille direction is very low and shows no special skill that is unique to it. The shooting is standard and flat and the edits are hardly more dynamic. One could easily classify it as a fashion show and be quite right. DeMille dresses Miss Joy in many different types of clothes (evening dresses, golf costumes, motorbike costumes, piles of fur) that it's the headlines "1922 Fashion" <br /> <br /> One thing is even more disappointed than shooting or adaptation or direction is an acting that is mostly flat and wooden. If it is not, it's just a routine quiet gesture, rollerball, eyebrows and intentional movements of the shoulders and shoulders. What would be revived for modern viewers by bothering and the scene chewing some of the worst silent movies is just boring here. The only cast member who has succeeded in any form of perfection is Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful but capable of playing his role naturally. She is convincing and cute in tearful detail until you read the moralizing title card that follows when she opens her mouth to speak. As I said, everyone else is routinely routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. Her acting is a good argument for why she has never reached a real hero. The worst and most fun part of this movie is a heavy moralistic tone that transmits it all. Meighan's character has a lot of intertitles where he's hurt about how the youth of America is falling in his moral attitude and going straight to the decadent of Rome. (insert an absurd memory) The moralizing of this film has been dubbed Victorian, but it's even more. There is so little reality that I feel that the audience at that time did not take more seriously than modern viewers. <br /> <br /> This film is exactly what the unconscious thinks as a "typical" silent film, with its archaic moral structure, wooden and bad. DeMille shows he could be a terrible director without feeling the pace, the location of the camera, or the skill of working with the scene or actors. I can not imagine that someone in the right mind would take it seriously. Boring, slow and idiot, I recommend him hard silent movies like me.
