The goal is to see something interesting in the first ten minutes to make the audience addicted. Late Night Shopping will manage to avoid interest much longer than that. When we get to a point, it is so monumentally sad that I thought I had to misunderstand it. But I do not. Sean tells the story of Osaka, who rented the same apartment to two people who worked in different shifts, so they did not realize they were sharing. His friend asks, "What about the weekends?" Sean does not have enough explanation. Sean then tells the story of a similar problem, which is that he is not sure his girlfriend is still living at home while working at night and working during the day so he will never see each other. It took three weeks. But his friend does not ask: "Yes, but as I said before weekends, you have to see it, then it makes no sense What are you doing, Sean? Are you on drugs or something?" But let's be generous and suppose they both work seven days a week. We see that Sean checks if soap and towels are used. (In fact, it is bizarre to wear soap). But what about his girlfriend's conditioner and shampoo, sanpro and humidifier, toothpaste and toothbrush. Let's go to the kitchen. What Food And Drink? Anyone missing? Was it bought? There was a common bed in the bedroom or not? Are her garments used and exchanged for clean? Is the lingerie basket fuller? Is the seat up or down in the toilet? I mean, good sorrow! And to do everything to calm down, Paul is preparing to leave prematurely to find out if his girlfriend is still alive at home. Why can not she call her? But it's getting worse. In the last act, though no one told Vincent where the rest of the group is going, he will find them. Lenny's loving interest and Sean's girlfriend seem to be best friends, and they can also find a group. There is not even the slightest attempt to explain some of these extremely unlikely coincidences. <br /> <br /> To be fair, the dialogue is fine, but it is not good enough to compensate for the weaker characters or the unpleasantly harsh story. </ br> <br /> I heard one of the actors who were interviewing and promised "no weapons, no drugs, no corsets". I thought, "great." But after half an hour of boredom, I screamed on the screen, "I want guns! I want drugs! I want corsets!" <br /> <br /> It would not do much to solve these problems, but on the official site the director can boast that the movie was not edited by a script. That's all you need to know.
