All day I watched the dinosaurs and all day had the same fundamental problem. They do not believe in firearms. They just do not seem to be or what about them. Bullets _bounce_ off of the dinosaur! Perhaps it was because they were gone millions of years before the invention of gunpowder and the laws of physics were different at the time ... Aah, no. Come in. If they are close enough to work chemically today, they would have to be vulnerable by fast (even sub-sonic) projectiles. It's so simple. Let's see that on the planet of the hardest weeds on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles are completely vulnerable to basic fire rifles. There is nothing magical. You can shoot the pistol right over heavy weight on your back. They do not take limp balls or something special. Small bullets penetrate them, they just do not kill them. Some (but not really) big balls are preferred because the challenge (as with most games) is to kill the animal with a single cut, so it does not run. (The hunters consider it immoral to allow the prey to escape and die unfurnished.) Most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by shooting. Between the noise and the pain, even the fatal blow, most run away. The exception is the big bears who are so reckless that they are just outraged by fatal injuries. Cape Buffalo are considered highly dangerous because they are well known when they are hurt. We saw a video of big bulls of buffalo herds that saved the blade from the pride of lions. The big cat runs as far as possible, but if it can not, it will be a final despair. Where T.Rex is not needed in this spectrum, it is not known. Their behavior was simply not observed. With these larger animals, safe hunting becomes a matter of applying a reasonably large and powerful projectile and / or feeding several of them fast enough to balance its charge. Of course with T.Rex it can be a serious problem. I saw the skull T.Rex (they have one in the museum in the center) and they carry a large enough gun that could be impractical. Chewing your neck with much smaller fire could be a more viable approach. Small bullets would still be there, they could not bounce just because the animal is too big to be easily killed! <br /> <br /> So here we have Corteza and his men (apparently the famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by the American natives and planned to sacrifice on the pyramid. All these human sacrifices seem to have calmed the bloodthirsty T.Rexes who terrorized the continent throughout the day. Rather than just drop their hearts and feed them, Cortez et al. He speaks aztecs to let them hunt and kill. OK, maybe they do not have the M-16s as "Carnosaur" guys, but they have hammers, crossbows, pointed sticks (big, made of trees) and swords. Maybe it's a bit more uneven than a full-bodied troop, but they have a few boys and I'm quick to put them over the dinosaur. Oh, wait, there's a canton, about four times. This is just a ticket to discourage the skull Tyrannosaur! So they laid traps, a group of men, a cannon, pointed poles in the valley, and attracted the first T.Rex, using as a bait a nice brown girl. Cortez points out that they will not have the time to reload, so they will have to close the range until they are sure of their goal. T.Rex completely ignores their rescue fire flame and we see both crossbow crossbow and gun_bounce_ off! Forget it. End of credibility. The crossbow crossbow would defeat Cortec torsion armor and a 4 "cone ball could penetrate into the hull of a wooden boat, and it would surely get through the skin, chest or skull of any animal that ever crossed that planet, you think it would resist 4" cannon balls ? And here is T.Rex, still standing or bleeding. So Cortez lures him into the valley where he falls on pointed poles, which (I mean by magic) penetrate and kill it. Yaaay, pointed sticks! <br /> <br /> Dinos is not totally invulnerable for shooting - they can trace the eye of the other gun. That's it's not as bad as a bear or a buffalo, at least in movies. Kills the second dinosaur with a bomb - made of gourd full of gunpowder and precious stones. My money would still be on the cannon. Its design is to concentrate all the energy of the gunpowder in one direction - toward the target. A bomb is a much more dispersed force application. The bomb _real_ (not the gourd bomb) has a steel bush that contains an explosion to an extremely high pressure. (Think about it: a pipe bomb and a firecracker.) A stack of gunpowder ignited will simply go to POOF. (Trust me for this.)
