I have never seen one of these SciFi originals, this was the first one. I think it's fair to judge gaming, direction / production, design, and even CGI effects on other SciFi movies. Comparison with typical Hollywood production is unfair. I will say, however, that the Aztec General Rex has not forgotten Werner Herzog's masterpiece, Aguirre, God's wrath. <br /> <br /> I'll start by realizing that yes, I admit that this film is more about culture than with dinosaurs. Despite the fact that these are sci-fi films made for television, there is some basic context of the story that I will examine. The symbolic elements are sufficiently visible. <br /> <br /> That's why I was a student of history, theology, mythology and film: I thought the conversation was outrageous, and the conspiracy theme was somewhat offended. I'm not asking any of my culpas on behalf of the producers - as I said before the film is what it is. But what worries me is that most of the younger demographics of this film are likely to rely on television to give them their lessons in terms of history and cultural diversity. The main problem is most apparent in the character of Ayacoatl (not commenting on the performance of Dichen Lachman, but simply how her character was written, though I will say he has some work to do before he receives some Emmy nods). By their nature, the actions of Spanish Europeans are justified. Her role in the film as an interest in Rios' love affirms that the European path is the right way, simply because they are European. There is no other reason. Indeed, he relies on the assumption that the viewer must connect with the Europeans over the Aztecs, because their dress, language, ideology, etc. is more well-known than the Aztecs - and therefore Aztecs are portrayed as contradictory and "backward". And it's not just that the viewer stays with this assumption because of the ethnocentric perception of the audience, but the story seems to be trying to persuade the audience - as if the Aztec was not able to come up with the plan - not better - to attract the dinosaur to his death on the punji hole bed. <br /> <br /> In justice, there is a subgroup of Spanish that are depicted as looting temples and the intention of simply abusing the natural Mesoamericans. There is also a scene where we have a Christian holy man who noticed the achievements of the Aztec: "He has agriculture, medicine, a calendar, etc." - But he is still an Aztec warrior who is portrayed as the main antagonist of the film, even despite the "lizard thunders" (more later on). He confessed him as treacherous and duplicitous, trying to send a romantic European Spaniard by tricking him into consuming a hallucinogenic mind that changed mushrooms - an important spiritual component to certain aspects and religions of the indigenous Mesa and North Americans (again later) that he could keep a woman, who feels he belongs to him and away from the Spaniard. <br /> <br /> Now, when analyzing the true nature of the story (leaving from the obvious Christian vs. pagan motifs) from a symbolic point of view, the viewer can easily get these so-called thunder lizards to become representatives of the Mesoameric ideology / theology in this film portrayed as one intention: bloodshed, cruelty, cruelty, evil, maybe evil? In opposition, we have this group of Christian pilgrims led by young Hernando Cortes, who are portrayed as naive but generally noble lambs captured in the dark pagan Aztec world. The name of the movie is also the Aztec Rex, which led to believing they are dinosaurs to eat people. However, what Aztec Rex translates into is the Aztec king, the head of the Aztec state, or in this case the "state of being". (That's why the name of the movie changed). So who do we really see as a new Aztec king at the end? It's the remaining Spaniard, Rios. Aztec Rex refers to a new European ideology that overcame through indigenous Americans through illness, bloodshed, war and famine. Rios symbolizes an ideal European film because he wished to remember them (in opposition to Cortes, who represents "a handsome but still noble European"). But when you study the Holocaust of America, be honest: do not the symbolic components of the film have the story back? <br /> <br /> I must say that the Aztec Rex is at least racist or kind, best unconscious. And yes, I know it's just a movie, everything I wanted to be in fun, I understand, but in the end, do we stay with the idea that Rios was the father of the last remaining Aztec lines? I wonder what the native Mesoamericans would have to deal with at this end ... like me, I thought it was a little too self-acting. The best supporting performance of the film goes on Jan Ziering's wig - though visibly - that at least changed Ziering's appearance so I did not think I was looking at the yuppie of 90210 and led a lot of conquistadors into the heart of darkness. Ziering is really able to become a more capable actor in this movie, actually I bought his performance, or at least I forgot Ian Ziering. I do not know who his agent is, but he should get more work. Finally, it was also a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I have been a fan since his very short performance on the 1988 Scrooged scene. <br /> <br /> Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
