Tyrannosaurus Azteca originates in the sixteenth century when the famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of his best men, including Lieutenant Riose (Marco Sanchez), intends to claim the land in the name of Spanish, and maybe if the occasion occurs, gold. Within a few minutes of their first glance at local Aztec savages, Cortes and his men were captured and imprisoned within minutes. If it was not bad enough, it turned out that there are Tyrannosaurus Rex living here and wanting to eat local people in an effort to make their lives a Spanish offer to help local residents get rid of their monsters problem but with various hidden agendas and subsequent themes, dinosaurs they are watching for ... Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (who, by the way, made one of my favorite exploits of films Shoot Turkey (1982) which I recommended to everyone and everyone) and also more commonly known as Aztec Rex the Sci-Fi Channel was changed when it was broadcast as the original name Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it could be a foreign movie) it's another idiot and cheap-looking Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' & that's all you really need to know . Based on the real Spanish Conquistador Cortes during his expedition to Mexico, the film certainly does not aim for historical accuracy, although I admit that the story is trying to do something a little different but ultimately Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still just a "Creature Feature" who run from some bad computer graphics CGI about the monster, despite its settings. I'm not sure what I can say even though they are the usual clichés centuries ago, here are the usual cardboard cutouts, they make stupid decisions and confident, heroic, return, facial victims who only exist to eat and a pretty woman is here and is easy visible. The movie is predictable, stupid, boring and does not really like it at any level, although it moves at a decent pace and there's one or two absolutely decent gore moments if you care. The story is not that good and has plenty of holes, it's also a kind of movie that you will have forgotten about within a few days. Now I've seen & commented on a lot of Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and most CGI computer effects are terrible and Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not fit into the trend. I admit that there are several spectacular shots that look right, but then they are usually destroyed by the terrible effects shot right afterwards. There are also some decent gore effects, there is a cut heart, a bit of a bitch is biting, there's a blood syringe, a cold shot of a guy who left his own gut after being attacked by dinosaurs, a couple of dead bodies seen and someone stabbed with a lance. T-Rex can also eat a few people. Production values ​​are really cheap, the aztec set looks like one of those amusement parks made of polystyrene and those Spanish men have to be trapped in the worst closure in cinematographic history, with the fence probably keeping them in lower than the mans waist, they could just step out of and run away so low. With an estimated budget of around $ 900,000 I can not see where the money went, they shot at O'ah in Hawaii for a seemingly fifteen day. The Azurka arranger is no better than any other Sci-Fi's 'Creature Feature' left-wing, despite the almost interesting and unusual assumption that the basic statement should be pretty much for you to decide whether you like it or not (probably not).
