EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR is not what I expected. This is an a-budget Australian film with no special effects, other than accelerated-film and fast-cut cuts. An outsider's female (who comes instantly able to speak a perfectly accented Australian) can "blip" from place to place or from time to time and change her perception of the flow of time to match "faster" people. <br /> <br /> The older grandmother tells her two grandchildren a story told by a traveling man about forty years ago when the unusual "she" appeared on the planet and was completely disoriented and unable to recognize which star in the sky was coming from. .. He meets a man who himself spent camping in the Australian outback, apparently confused. There is a "mistake" and anger when she tells her she's on Earth. Earthmen are known as perfect environmental rescuers and a metaphor for the most insulting thing that can be imagined for the rest of the universe: those who "breathe dirty air" but do nothing, they press their heads under the sand like an ostrich. In another fun metaphor, Earthlings are "frogs". From there, it's just a movie about dialogue, as the confused person tries to understand. It's a strange psychology and opinion, even though he calls him unintelligent "quaint". The person begins to realize that they are people who are unwise and do not think straight. Still, when he waits to "stay" back home, he sees that this person is not completely defective in his mind and even falls in love with him. The perspective dialogue is in interesting places, but everything is layered with a heavy environmental response and a low budget (there are only two main actors who are moving around in various deserted scenes, and the evil people on the planet are never seen at all). The environmental report does not provide any solution, but it draws one or two terrible metaphors of what happens to nature and man if something does not happen. Logic also does not move together: the rest of the universe has "moved away" on Earth, yet one space woman caught on Earth can make a positive change by the end of the film in error. What would be a deliberately sent banner of aliens to achieve against pollution and waste?
