This is one of the films that the British Lottery Fund pays. The main problem is a squeaky script that does not get anywhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only interesting thing is the location: the city of Genoa (Genova in Italian). I had only a superficial acquaintance with John, I had no idea of ​​the complicated alleys of my Old Town, and the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was boring. I'm glad I turned out to be bad. So, from the travel point of view, this film is interested. The film contains one wonderful performance by a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has made seven films, even though she seemed to be acting as an actress, and her performances in this film should go far because she is natural and has plenty of talent. Colin Firth, a reliable and professional actor, was on hand to shoot, and when he was asked to be serious, he was serious, and when he was asked to be sad, he was saddened. But somebody forgot to give him some useful dialogue. The script is totally sad. Catherine Keener has an extraordinarily good role in a supportive role, and she naturally shows compassion, so everyone would love her (I want to tell her every time I feel the cold starts because I know he gets me a soothing hot drink). So we have it: Janov fascinating narrow streets, interesting little girl and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Will Holland is so disgusting that the fact that a young actress does a good job of being repulsive is not exactly the kind of effect she wants to hear, I suspect. The idea that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unfortunate mother is so dazzled that if we have another such film, all dead mothers have the right to complain that they are abused. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting an old part of John is, why does not he just go to the BBC and say he wants to make a travel film with some soulless head of a celebrity? Why waste money on a feature film that is nothing but a vain project of inaction and meandering emptiness?
