Over the years, I've noticed that when a rock star makes his last album before his death, the album, if it's not his best, is usually somewhat fruitful and good at listening. The album is usually good enough to consolidate the link. However, as far as the comedians, especially the comic films that play in their own vehicles, their last film is usually terrible. John Belushi had "neighbors," John Candy had "Wagon's East," Chris Farley had "almost heroes," Phil Hartman had "little soldiers," and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. ", although it may not have been the last film of Dangerfield, is weak in every sense of the word In 2002 the films wrapped up according to this website and it is safe to say that it would remain on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive I was a big fan of Dangerfield from the time I was in my early teens, and it hurt to see how this film was rotten, and what amazed me most was the fact that many other talented people were part of the movie with a very weak premise. , a brilliant comic, who usually played on a comic film, is a prison guard who has close groups of prisoners. When prisoner Colonel Tom-Parker meets billionaire Sam Walton Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), he reduces prison funding, the boss sends a group of prisoners to get out of jail, consumer goods and return to prison with the spoils.Where we take what's in the convenience stores, are (I think) that they are taking what they believe Rockwood owes them, thanks to this modest assumptions, the film shakes and happens often. Plus, the jokes you think the salvation of this movie is, are not even funny, even from Mr. No Respect himself. This is also an incredible disappointment because you would expect a movie with Randy Quaid, Kirsti Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith, and others who are at least a bit funny. Instead, Quaid plays the character we've seen before in countless other comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (could not make this film a real British person!!!) And every joke was wrongly set and badly timed by virtually every member of this file. It was just a good comedy in no sense. "Back by Midnight" was rated R mainly for language (and one nudity scene). The irony about this is that many jokes are so strange that the audience offended that even children (if you are editing language) would set off from this movie. Physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's monkey confuses Quaid. When the monkey grabs a couple of scissors and jumps on Quaid's sofa, who does not know where the gag went? As a direct-to-video comedy, of course I did not expect any Oscar-winning material here. The truth is, Dangerfield had previously created some great, timeless comedies. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are still cheerful and definitely not the Oscars in the slightest. However, there is a difference between doing a stupid comedy that is fun and doing silly comedies. With the last kind of comedy, it does not seem that the movie players even try, which is exactly the case with this lazy justification for unnecessary 90 minutes. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your many forgotten comedies such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This film is dare to say that it is not worth watching.
