I'm sure what to do about this disappointing event in 2007. Attempting to become a new millennium between the "Golden Pond" and "The Prince of Tides," this film eventually becomes an unbalanced mess that is between comedy and melodrama so much so that the emotional pitch always looks. The main problem seems to be the inconsistent difference between Garry Marshalle's sentimental direction and Mark Andrus's dark, rather confusing script. The story focuses on a deafening relationship between Mother Lilly and her daughter Rachel, who has gone all the way from San Francisco to the small town of Hull, Idaho, where the grandmother of Georgia lives. The goal is for Lilly to leave Rachel for the summer under the jurisdiction of Georgia, which is full of draconian rules because the young 17-year-old has become an irreparable hellion. The set-up is pretty bright, but the characters are made to a fast and often inexplicable shift between the sympathetic and the flashy to fit into conventional outlines. The problem is the constant problem of alcoholism, child abuse and dysfunctional families until they think. Three actresses in the middle buy some of the dramatic convolutions, but to varying degrees. Probably because of her reputation outside the screen and her screaming smoke, Lindsay Lohan will make Rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics tangible even though she becomes less credible because her character reveals psychic wounds that give her reason for her hedonistic behavior. Felicity Huffman is forced to play Lilly on two shy notes - like a pet, the fierce daughter of a mother who has never been to her, and an enraged, alcoholic mother who begins to recognize her own responsibility as her daughter. She does what she can, with a role on both fronts, but her efforts never add to the human being with body and blood. Jane Fonda looks almost seventy as she is here, and has a stellar presence to get away with the cartoons similar to the size of Georgia's tuft. The problem I have with Fund Casting is that the legendary actress deserves much more than a series of disposable and maternal views. Between this and 2005, who becomes wise, she is wondering if her best work is behind her. It should not be surprising that the male counterparts of the actresses are totally overshadowed. Garrett Hedlund looks a bit like a surfer, like the naive Harlan, the pious Mormon, whose sudden love for Rachel can postpone his two-year missionary stint. Cary Elwes plays a known suspicious remark like Lilly's husband, an unfortunate case where predictable casting seems to telegraze the end of the movie. There is also the ubiquitous Dermot Mulroney in the morose triple play role of the wounded widow, Lilly's former flame and Rachel's new boss as the city's vet. Simon Ward. Laurie Metcalf plays hardly as Simon's sister Paul, while regular Marshall Hector Elizondo and composer Paul Williams appear in portraits. Some of Andrus' s dialogues are just terrible, and the weakening seriocomic tone never comes down on what is right. There are a few small DVD accessories in 2007, no one is too exciting. Marshall provides a commentary that has a lot of his laconic humor. There are several deleted scenes, including three variants at the end and a gag reel. Seven-minute production is part of an original theater trailer, a six-minute short reflector for three actresses and five-minute tribute to Marshall.
