The Zombie Revolt begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) who tries to convince General Duvel (George Cleveland) that his friend Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize and control people and transform them into a soulless zombie a bit like the people I work with). In any case, Tsiang is murdered by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but he can not gain knowledge about turning people into zombies. General Duval organized an expedition to hunt for a secret because Tsiang would not tell them much. General Duval is at the forefront of the expedition together with Claire's daughter (Dorothy Stone), who is dedicated to Louque, who is also coming. During the voyage of Claire, Louque casts for her partner Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) Loucke, who is not very pleased. In a way that can only happen in the movie, Louque finds secrets as he transforms himself into zombies and begins to use his new found strength to avenge Claire & Clifford ... Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt Zombies have a bad reputation and after watching them, I see why. Scenario Halperin, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd has all the good ideas, but he has a good central idea, but he is killed by a cold dead man by being boring and as exciting as watching a dry color. Nothing will happen much more than ever, and then nothing will happen. As Halperin depicts his zombie is different from what most modern viewers would consider to be a zombie, these zombies are simply brainwashing and the movie audience would have to wait for over thirty years before George A.Romero defined what is now considered a zombie in Night of the Living Dead (1968). In just about one hour the zombie uprising is still too long. Technically, the film is fine because it was made 70 years ago, black and white cinematography is adequate, although some of the scenes look like they were shot against a background photo. The game is wooden and, to a large extent, not surprising. The rebellion of the zombies might have been hot in 1936, but it did not work well and in 2005 it is a complete job. I believe the movie is now a public domain because it appears on many ultra-cheap DVD compilations and budgets, but it's still worth watching, no matter how inexpensive it is.
