It's not really a zombie movie, if we define zombies as dead, walking around. Here hero Armand Louque (played by the incredibly young Dean Jagger) gains control over zombie creation, although in fact it is his "method" to mentally reflect his thoughts and control the thoughts of other living people who transform them into hypnotized slaves. This is an interesting concept film and Fritz Lang in his series "Dr. Mabuse Movies, including" Dr. Mabuse Gambler '(1922) and' Testament Dr. Mabus' (1933). Here, unfortunately, is subject to his attempt to get the love of his former fiancee, Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche similar to a bad haircut, Dorothy Stone), which is really a major theme. <br /> <br /> The film has an interesting start, as Louque is sent to a military archaeological expedition to Cambodia to end the cult of the zombies that came here. In some kind (where we have great 30s sets and clothes) announces his engagement to Claire, and then five minutes later he gives him a ring that has declared his love for his friend Clifford Greyson (Robert Nolanda). It's unintentionally funny to talk to each other without eye contact. It would be a great movie for "Mystery Science Theater 3000" if they did not play it again. It has never been shown how Louque really teaches the mystery of zombification, but he then uses her to kill his enemies, create a giant army of rifles carrying soldiers and bodyguards. We do not see such a mighty power as John Agar in "The Brain From Planet Arous" (1957). Finally, Claire agrees to marry him if he lets Greyson live and return to America. Louque agrees, but in fact he becomes one of his hypnotized slaves. On her wedding night, she realizes that Claire will only be loved when she gives up her "powers." In order to gain his love, he does so by causing a "rebellion" of a title in which all his slaves wake up and attack his constitution and kill him. Greyson hugs Claire, and we seem to be at the end of the parable: "Which gods will destroy, it first crashes." <br /> <br /> So, really, it's not that bad movie, despite the low IMDb rating it has at the moment. Repeated view (?) You can see art in a well-crafted script! Dean Jagger should not have evolved as a good actor, and in his youth almost unrecognizable - is it his own hair? We recall him more for his bald, old role in "White Christmas" (1954), "X Unknown" (1956) and "King Creole" (1958). The story borrows a number of basic themes from the Halperin brothers, the older film "White Zombie" (1932), in which the unfortunate Robert Frazier (like Charles Beaumont) uses "zombification" to win the Madge Bellamy love (like Madeline Parker) If you want real zombie movies (of which there are hundreds!) I would start with 'White Zombies' (1932), 'The Zombies' (1943), 'The Night of the Living Dead' (1968) 'The Last Person on Earth' (1964) and his two remakes. In the modern era of classical films, 'Horror Express' (1972),' The Serpent and Rainbow '(1988), '28 Days Later' (2002) and its sequel, as well as many other numerous, appear. <br /> <br /> This is not really a zombie movie. Judging this film according to its own terms is rather semi-gothic romance. As such, it is a bit underneath some of the B films from the late 1930s and early 1940s. So I'll give it 5.
