Well, first, if you look at the Zombie Revolt as a very early film, Night of the Living Dead (1968), forget it. It is a "zombie" in a more psychological sense, where this term refers only to someone who does not control their will but who instead must follow the will of another. "Zombies," as little as they are in the film, are largely metaphors for subordination to state or authority in general, as well as in war. It's a relatively long time to call this horror movie. The film originated during the First World War. The "French Cambodian Continent" has heard strange stories about zombification - probably Angkor Wat was built using zombies - and there are stories of the zombie army easily overcoming enemies. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) brings a priest who probably knows the mystery of zombification, but he will not speak. So Louque and the International Military Contingent head to Angkor Wat for an archaeological expedition designed to uncover the secrets of zombification and destruction of information before the zombies have the chance to "erase the white race." strange things about the rebellion of zombies are that writer / director Victor Halperin seems to have decided to change his game plan when shooting a script. The film begins as if exploring a zombie / military metaphor and perhaps even elements of adventure, but after about 15 minutes it will change gears and become a story of a love triangle. <br /> <br /> Halperin sticks to the subtext of will and power (and Nietzschean's "will to power"). The movie is interesting at this level, but the screenplay and editing are very disturbed. This is another older film that I would not want to be surprised if there is no footage, especially since some scenes are even losing or falling as the character calls a dialogue. In the middle of the novel, Halperin tries to refer to the zombie thread, but little zombie material makes a lot of sense. Louque discovers the mystery of zombification, but that does not mean much to the viewer. The mechanics of zombie material is unclear and confusing. Halperin is even attracted to the use of Belo Lugosi's superimposed footage of the 1932 film, White Zombie, but he never tells what has to do with anything. There are big gaps on the plot, including a love story. Promising, interesting characters from the early cylinders will disappear for a long time. One potential villain is unceremoniously disposed of before he can do a lot. If you're a big fan of old, dirty B movies, Revolt of the Zombies can be worth watching at least once - the action is not all that bad, and if you have a good imagination, you can create an interesting story in your mind that fills all the gaps. But it's the second time I've seen the movie when the first one was about five years ago, and I could hardly remember him - so it's not entirely memorable.
