The "Zombie Revolt" proves that having the same director modernize and recycle the idea does not necessarily have to do the flash twice. Halperin brothers, responsible for the horror classic "White Zombies," did it just a few years later to gain popularity and even recycle close Lugosi's eyes from the previous movie. There was a court battle with rights owners "White Zombie" who did not want Halperins to use the word "zombies" in this title. This word was the only thing that could help this movie because, as everyone knows, bad movies can make much more money by putting the word "Zombie" in the title. Knowing what Victor Halperin was able to do a few years ago just makes this unattractive film more insulting. She does not seem to have done another horror movie after this debacle. Local zombies seem to be not true dead, but simply victims of hypnosis. Do you want to create a brain-controlled zombie army? Be prepared to crack some eggs, including your own. LAME PLOT: A man falls in love with a mysterious woman who plays with her heart and becomes committed to just to make her boyfriend he loves jealous. It sends a man to a spiral of madness in which zombies try to use the techniques of mind control to change things to their advantage in an attempt to fight a woman who is not worth it to pay for it. of the most spectacular, obvious drawings I've ever seen. You have to be blind or stupid to avoid seeing the end of your arrival. The game is not good either. This film makes racially insensitive "zombie king" (which appeared on the same DVD that I bought) and it seems like a comparative atmospheric horror work and reminds us that not every black and white movie is classic. It makes atomic age Sci-fi alien zombie cheese fest "Invisible Invaders" seem to be a serious drama. It's one big cheese so ridiculously melodramatic that it could probably cause a lot of Korean movie fans (South Korean movies are often known for using melodrama). Loans are ironically presented by Favorite Films. I'm not sure which favorite movie is going to be, but they're probably an idiot. It is not recommended to fans of zombies, romance or classic films.
