Although the title contains the word "zombie," this film is not what you would expect from today's film, although for 1936 the concept is as good as it could be expected. Dean Jagger portrays Armanda Louque, a French army officer in the First World War, who has come across a long story of soldiers who have turned into automats or "zombies" that are impervious to battle and can have the key to victory in the war, which is not certain. At first, he has trouble convincing his superiors about this phenomenon, but eventually French General Duval (George Cleveland) orders a non-military expedition to the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it. <br /> <br /> The story takes place on the background of a love triangle including Louque, Duval's daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), part of the expedition. When Louque is indignant because of lack of strength and determination, Grayson offers him advice to go after all he wants in his life. This advice begins to convert Louque, especially after he succeeded in obtaining a stone tablet reminiscent of a photo from an ancient city. After watching the temple priest in the swamp, Louque seems to be holding the secret he was looking for, although it is unclear how he could immediately control the power of "zombietization". All he needs is putting his right fist on his forehead, simulating the third eye, and shifting his thoughts to those he wishes to control. This is appropriate for winning his girlfriend and taking Grayson's early advice when commenting on his servant: "Hello, we learn to be merciless." Fans of early "B" horror films will recognize the use of the signature of Belo Lugosi's odd view, snatched from the 1932 White Zombie, also by director Victor Halperin. Of the two films, the "White Zombie" is advantageously better, both in the story's story and the undead show, where the zombies are more sinister and more menacing. In a "rebellion," the zombies are hostile soldiers with a deepened look, just responding to the orders of their mentors. In fact, the real revolt of the title only occurs when Louque releases soldiers from his mental command, respecting his love for Claire; they exceed its composition and kill it in the process. <br /> <br /> Do not be too hard on the movie, it plays decent within the parameters it's the story of the outline, but if you think "zombie!" in the traditional context you are likely to be disappointed. If you want to try early treatment of this subject, it means "White Zombie" with Bela Lugosi.
