Darkman 3: Die Darkman Die is directed by Bradford May, the same guy who made the first sequel to Darkman. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2 and in my opinion there is nothing special. Larry Drake is no longer a major villain, who is now playing great Jeff Fahey, whose character again wants to get Darkman's work and this time to create some strong people to get the lead of the whole city. The film is almost the same in plot and execution as Darkman 2, but I was mostly irritated by the presence of many scenes from Darkman 2. This sequel was done in a short time and with little money, so these kinds of decisions had to be made. A few scenes are quite stylish and come out, but it's still a pretty tired movie and often irritatingly stupid. The characters scream and laugh too much and it is very unpleasant. There is no philosophical depth in the movie, and it's like a remake of Darkman 2, which can not yet be compared. Darkman 2 had a lot of great scenes and stylish camera work and the ability of Larry Drake to play great villains. Darkman 3 offers only a few nice scenes and moments, but most of all, this film is tired and full of clichés. Several positive things in this film are the adjustments of memories (Westlake's nightmares) and a few surprising plot and tricks. And it is worth mentioning the pretty scene of the death of the main villain, who was quite comic and inventive without any gore. Far more interesting than the death of the main villain in the second part. <br /> <br /> Darkman 3 is the worst in the series and we must realize that these two sequels were made directly to the video and are not even close to the original Darkman Raimi with Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 was OK with lots of great scenes and tensions, but this last (?) Input is a tired and often stupid and boring piece of sequel. He has certain merits, as mentioned, but the overall feeling is that this should not be the first. May is a talented director, so hopefully he will have other remarkable projects in the future. <br /> <br /> 3/10
