During the first 17 minutes of Bradford May's "Darkman III: Die Darkman Die", we have already been subjected to a stupid recapitulation and accompanying voice on the first two films, a merry overshot effect, about three minutes of filming simply torn from the second film and slightly modified to look like new shots, and lengthy advertising about the scarred and tortured title, looks at Universal Theme Parks, the company that distributed the film. Yes, "Darkman III: Die Darkman Die" is quite low when it comes to cheap cash-ins for the success of the previous movie. This time, the defamed anti-hero Peyton Westlake (aka "Darkman," portrayed by "Mummy" by Arnold Voslo) blocks the horns with an evil criminal and a miserable husband, Peter Rooker (starring Jeff Fahey's brilliantly superior performance). Rooker's wife and daughter are again learning to care for another person. Blah. Blah. Blah. <br /> <br /> This movie is basically just a stupid way to make the studio make more money from Sam Raimi's original film, which I consider to be a great action movie with tension. Yeah yeah, and there's also a lot of stupid sub-fences, including villainess, which was supposedly one of the original doctors to save Darkman after his scarring, and her seduction our hero into thinking that he is an ally , before revealing her shameful plot to help Rooker create more supermanial ravens like Darkman. She does not seem to be able to do the same thing with the criminals she played on Darkman. Why? I can not really explain it because the movie certainly does not. <br /> <br /> There is also an assassination subgroup that includes the Attourney district, which threatens to overthrow Rooker's organization, and some other very stupid things go on. <br /> <br /> But it really can not be. This movie feels like two or three episodes of television shows adjusted together more than a real movie. Direction alternates between pretty good and totally unheard of (the scene where Darkman rides with his train vehicle and avoids the launcher is simply stupid) and editing is a mixed bag. The movie moves too fast so someone really cares what's going on. And without spoiling it, the last 15 minutes of this movie and really the whole series is just a bit ... I do not know ... Another 15 minutes of tape shot. <br /> <br /> Actually, when I commented on edits, one of my favorite films in this movie is to watch previous shots be used again, and then you're looking for shots in this movie that are repeated several times. Yes, it's cheap. One thing is reevaluating at the beginning of the movie and maybe repeating the shot, or two, but in a very large volume it does (minutes from the previous films), it's just careless and amateur. /> <br /> I also have to say that Darkman's psychedelic montage freaks-outs are somewhat exaggerated in this movie. They are so styled and exaggerated to do their work, but only in light doses and in the right context, as Raimi did in the original film. Here are at least four or five, and they feel very sudden and out of place. <br /> <br /> This is said, the film is not without any good points. Several action scenes are well done. The Clichy Story of Darkman longs for real life to function properly on DVD. Some of the actors are pretty, especially from Rooker's wife who portrays the beautiful Roxann Dawson. Also, while no Danny Elfman, composer Randy Miller has some pretty music based on the original Elfman themes. Overall, the film is too fast, inexpensive and stupid to take seriously. Arnold Vosloo seems to be alternately boring and exuberant from scene to scene and Fahey, while joy to watch as a top villain, just suits the series. Like "Darkman II", I would recommend it to the fans of the original, who certainly laughed. Otherwise, it is not necessary to use it. Four out of ten.
