I think Dolph Lundgren had the potential to be a big action star and la Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme to a certain extent. During his career he had several big moments, but he also made some bad choices and is certainly one of them, even though he later became his career. A special thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I honestly think they seriously thought they were making a provocative and serious thriller? It shows this by describing it in IMDb, in a DVD case, in a commentary, and this movie is not serious. To call it "campy" would be a huge understatement. The film tries to be complex and intelligent, when it is nothing more than shallow, confusing and unreasonable. In addition, Lundgren, who is known for action movies, has attempted a serious role that makes him even more, because his scope as an actor is quite limited. The whole movie revolves around the cow's sexual world, yet they are trying to make it a serious thriller? Just a plot and assumption that instantly makes B-film porn at best. Dolph Lundgren plays a disgusted former cop and furious alcoholist Matt Sorenson, who decides to play a detective when his brother is murdered. I mean by postponing the many holes of the plot that Lundgren gets into free practice to investigate criminal scenes, witnesses, and everything else, even though he's no longer a cop, and you still have a rather strange and rather inadequate performance from Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's ultimate love interest and his brother's widow. Brett plays his role so nicely about the script and the cafe. The support of the cast is enormous and no one performs specially in their performances unless it is on the negative side, such as the absolutely terrible performance of Victor Pedtrchenko, who seems to be a few different names in the movie, boasts a terrible accent and is a really terrible villain. I was honestly trying to get into the secret and the movie and watch carefully, but there was no reason why it was all ridiculous ridiculous conspiracy and free sex games, including a totally ridiculous cheerful scene where Lundgren gets under the surface and is painted upside down almost naked. To explain how this movie is fine and well done (sarcasm ... sarcasm), the back of the DVD I picked up (it was really cheap), Lundgren's character is like "Murray Wilson" (not the name of his personality in the movie. ) While Lundgren will surely be usually observable, the film falls on his face and tries to be serious. Since director Anthony Hickox is infamous for the real moves of B-Movie Horror, it makes sense, even though I think he's really trying to be serious. The culture of Lundgren's fans will have to see ... no one else should ... for any secret or tension. 3/10
