I can not understand at all why so many Godzilla fans think it's excellent, one of Godzilla's best movies in fact. This film is horrible and one of the few Gojiru films I can not do to look again (the other is G. vs Megalon). This plot is too big to be in the Heisei series, a series that tried to turn the aging Godzilla into bonafide action movies, spinning around the ideas that seemed more in 1974 than 1991. It looked ridiculous, especially with some subjects, for example WW2 scene, with Japanese soldiers praising the dying Godzillasaurus, a sad and grave tone, taking the lively former commander of capitalism and his death, earnestly met in a movie that fans somehow call laughter as a fucking romp with guilty illogical fun if yes of the smartest films I've seen, but I think it's likely that it was just a talent that the filmmakers lacked, and that was the case for a straightforward action movie that had become bad. This was even worse by the fact that special effects are terrible to compare, from jet packing to android, hokey sound effects emitted from everything, impossible to take anything seriously, and yet the movie expects to be there is no stones to the camera. Just like almost all Godzilla movies, it's unnecessary romance, and that's no exception, although something can be said to be particularly useless and inexplicable. There is literally no reason for romance, it just happens and lives there to make it 360 degree commitments. In addition, another horrifying aspect of this film is the dialogue, both in Japan and in English, it is terrible, clumsy, and maybe even inspiration for Battlefield Earth. Tristar DVD brings together problems, making everything look grainy, blurry, damp and just ugly, the same for the sound. For the first time I saw Japanese regional version 2 and the differences are at night and day, with original bright colors and textures, remarkable scores, especially with combat scenes, are actually observable. In my view, the Heisei Series is disappointing, with the exception of Godzily 1984 (Japanese version) there is little glory and Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah is a case of this failure. It's not as close as you deserve a reputation and the fans get it. <br /> <br /> 2 of 10
