This is one of those movies where people still say, "That's a great idea!" about the worst ideas you've ever heard. Then they behave. I like this. This picture is more fun than the three dozen Seth Rogen projects. Well, that's SHOAH. <br /> <br /> Gojiro movies have been able to channel their own stories of origin since the 1960s, but this continues. What can you say about a culture that is willing to rape its own sacred cultural icons for fast money? This transvestite is a suicide brigade of the Second World War on the "Last of the Marshall Islands", which shows the weapons of the dinosaur that chased the US Navy. Then the Japanese inexplicably decide not to fight the last man, and instead leave the territory attached to their favor with this giant lizard. They go to the mainland where one of them becomes a business tycoon. <br /> <br /> Then it gets complicated. <br /> <br /> Blonde men from the future, irritated by the baldness that is not yet created by a male model, return to a flying saucer in time and ask the celebrity writer and psychologist for help in removing Godzilla before destroying Japan. "Help" is questionable, as all of these 1992 citizens return to 1944 to watch a closed television program, but hey, they were filming a screenplay. Do you think that in the 1990s the Japanese would have known better than believing in spacecraft. Fortunately for Nippon, white guys - you can say they are Americans because they call "nucyaler" - mistakenly by bringing the time when a Japanese girl left in the future. On the display in question, the ancestors' worship skips duplicity for dressing a flying suit made from a pipeline stuck to Sailor Moon. White women who are fashionable for disability have been shown to be jealous of the impending economic imperialist takeover of the known world in Japan (Japan purchases Africa in the 22nd Century, which is more like a commitment than an asset). These blond men in padded chinz suits with broken harnesses and zippers want to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorahem, who destroys Japan except Tokyo. A special choice, but it was known to go out of the way without having to build the Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> Sure, we get an alternative spectacle on Fukuok ("my garden town") and some other recently undamaged metropolis with rubber monsters that were laid waste with a gold metalflake of 1/3 hydra. In the rating gallery for the month. Godzilla also makes his share of demolition when the film is filming. Wait - was not the blond spacecraft already destroyed Godzilla? Yeah, they killed him on the third reel. But no one expected the Japanese in 1992 to have a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "Ha ha, do not worry, we do not keep it in Japanese waters" - with which you could start with the new godzilla from the old dinosaur bones. It just does not have to, because the old wrecked nuclear wreck has already made Godzilla all over again. Oh, and finally Godzilla gets to Tokyo, back with her old military friend in the heart of an exciting moment of full recognition. They look in the eyes, and Godzilla nods as if to say, "I have to do it, man." The magnate nods understanding. Then Godzilla explodes him. I should also mention here that to prevent Godzilla being born again angry at fulfilling his destiny and destroying Japan, the Japanese girl from the future goes back to the future to ask for help from - yes - bald white. Probably because he considers it to be the only Asian character of the 23rd century, he agrees to build Mecha-Guerra and send it back to the 1990s so that these two mighty monsters together could fill Godzilin's destiny and destroy Japan. In a gorgeous nod to those notoriously self-willed head whips, the pilot girl Mecha-Ghidora has difficulty controlling the joystick. This Godzilla suit design owes much to Sumo - his thighs are pretty soon to double that for Rush Limbaugh, and his belly and chest are thick and coarse. But this picture has more exploding walls than most of its adventures, which is for many. He also represents a man who resembles Robert Patrick and plays a killer robot. Yes, even in the future even robots will have bald. Plus Megumi Odaka, whose role is Micki, the only Japanese girl ever to be born with ears larger than her Disney name tag and an even bigger actor style. It's not her fault: many Japanese directors seem to feel that the 70-foot screen is not big enough to portray the emotions of the human face. I did some acting for Japanese TV and I can tell you they're pushing you. They obviously insist on their writers the same way. Thank God.
