It was about 14 years since Sharon Stone gave the audience the legs that many people have twisted. And now God knows why he's back in the game. "Basic Instinct 2" is a sequel to the erotic "Basic Instinct," in which Sexy Stone and the vulnerable Michael Douglas appear. However, fans of the original may not even get to this because "Instinct 2" is a painful film because average director Michael Caton-Jones murders the legacy of the first film. <br /> <br /> The movie scene starts when a car breaks up in the beginning. Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone, trying to look very sexy) is suspicious and seems to be involved in the murder. The psychiatrist (terrible David Morrisey) is named to look at her, but eventually falls into an intimate seduction game. And there is, without further explanation, the basic force that moves "Instinct". Nothing is explained, and we have to sit down after the dirty erotic film of the C class Sharon Stone star in my first role, where most of the time is turn-off. Part of it for amateur writing, careless direction, and terribly low chemistry. The film is full of vulgar dialogues and even more sexuality (the menage and the three scene were cut off so it was not rated NC-17) than the first entry into the series. "Instinct" is a convincing torturer. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, everything that caused the original film to be a pleasure is never found in the movie. Actor acting is really bad. Sharon Stone has some improvements, but it's very unpleasant here. David Morrisey plays the worst part of his life and seems to have never created more than two expressions in the movie - confused and excited. "Instinct 2" is a terrible way to go on in an otherwise original series that has done extremely well in the thriller with eroticism. Paul Verhoeven, how I miss ... <br /> <br /> "Basic Instinct 2" never sounded like a good movie and it really is not. Some movies should never get out of paper, and it is the feeling you get after watching it. Now it's much easier to understand why Douglas and David Cronenberg have dropped and why Sharon Stone expected a huge payoff for this ...... 3/10
