The prerequisite for circle two is interesting. Forbidden love between sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a 15-year-old girl named Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question of whether such a relationship is acceptable with respect to company standards. The problem with Circle of Two, however, is that it can not fulfill its promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should be more involved in the screenplay. When I watched this movie, I expected to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I had a boring dialogue, an absurd lecture on art, trips where Sarah seemed to have more fun from Ashleigh, and the final scene so artificial that her emotional impact was lost. This script makes good actors look bad. So one can imagine how the problems with the film even more complicated with the predominantly amateur occupation that Jules Dassin had gathered. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I never believed that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. Her performance looked superficial, as she was competing for the beauty contest. It was like forcing her to be happy when the script required her to be happy and to be sad when the script asked her to be sad. The only scene I liked was at the very end when she did not say anything. It was probably the closest to Tatum's Sarah Norton, who became real. But Tatum was not the only one guilty. Ashleigh Richard Burton lacked the charm, charisma and complexity to attract even women of his age, let alone fifteen. The rest of the cast was also scary. Even their arguments were not convincing because they expected to change. Who does it? Michael Wincott as a jealous former friend of Paul was probably the best in this film, but his role was small. In order for Dassin to be fair to the actors, he let everyone fall; but it's also true that the great movie goes beyond the script. Kubrick's Lolita did it with James Mason and Sue Lyon; The Konchalov Runaway Train came out of the scenario with Jon Voight and Eric Roberts playing the convicted. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about their attitudes. Despite his own score (the combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carlo Off, and Bernard Hoffer), the circle of two never fails. At the end, the idea of ​​a forbidden love story between the older painter and the teenage girl is good, but her performance in the circle of two is terrible. In many ways, is it a pity that a controversial Lolita story? which most film directors would prefer to avoid for obvious reasons? they had no more intelligent treatment; that the script that the actor would like to taste was not written; that actors who were devoted to their role or had the talent to make their characters real could not be found; and that director Jules Dassin (who has done better in films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not want to put his foot down and say, "Before we make some filming, we have to reconsider the love story and rework the script." The only silver lining is that one day an intelligent film about older painters and a teenage girl who falls in love can be created. If such a movie ever appears, it will certainly be a controversial debate, debate and question for many years to come.
