This movie is hard to describe and someone is trying not to be too surprised because you feel it may just be a perfect movie for a twelve year old girl ... <br /> <br /> The movie has a nice concept - a modern version of Sleeping Beauty with a twist. She has some rather dreamy shots and some nice sketches of a young boy's relationship with his only working mother and classmate ... a nice start you could say, but then it's a little greedy, very greedy, trying to be a science fiction, drama, thriller, maybe romantic love story, fairy tale, comedy and everything under the sun. As a result, the audience was rather inadequate. For example, the scene when the girl (played by Risa Goto) finally awakened his kiss (Yuki Kohara) instead of being romantic, trying to be frightening to make us laugh later ... it's a cheap trick because it ruined all expectations and emotions , which is trying to stand on the better half of the film. I have not read the original story from which the film is based (it is a well-known work by the comic artist Osama Tezuka is known for his interesting and complicated stories.) I wonder if all the problems exist in the original story or did it happen in the adaptation? It is also illogical for someone who is accustomed to the "fussy logic" of those Japanese comics. For example, how did the figure of Yuki Kohara manage to get to the hospital when it's supposed to be a long bus ride to run Risy Got's figure out before the television cameras just after seeing her on a live TV interview? There are also some scenes that are directly copied (very unattractive!) From other movies and all seem rather nonsensically annoying, ie the famous "Lion's mouth has hand in hand" scene from "Roman Holiday" Movie tries to be everything, but eventually nothing happens ... it's not a fairy tale and it did not have enough jokes to become a comedy ... and strangely there are scenes that even seem to be an unintentional film of "ghosts". However, it must be remembered that he managed to get some sentiment of a Japanese teenager. By watching this movie, I feel that films that should come up with a warning label that says "this movie may only be suitable for people under the age of 18" would certainly be a poster of this film. <br /> <br />
