This is the question you have to ask when looking at the movie "What was it?" This film was nothing but an hour and a half confusion with completely uninteresting people (no word actors will be used) and a script you could say did not exist. One of the things that made me laugh the most, as it was called "Victorian story written", which means that in fact the script was part of this story. The entire Victorian section had no dialogue and was composed only of the footage of the guy who was staring at the girl and vice versa. Create this part of the movie as scenarios as the camera that stayed at the station. <br /> <br /> OK, time for the story. It starts with a guy who sits on a chair and never gets out of it. Oh, blocking who needs you? These journalists come to their house and call on them practically to tell this story about these dead girls. So the story began in Victorian times. and here's how the scene is (Guy and the girl are in the field. Pretty music starts playing) (girl looks at the girl) (girl looks at the guy) (the guy looks at the girl) cut back into the movie. That's pretty much everything that's about half the movie. The rest of the movie is an incredibly unpleasant dialogue about a group of models who want to buy an apartment. So the real estate agent will show it to them, and when I say that the dialogue is terrible, I think if it was a dancer, he'd be out in the MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie are sympathetic. The models are incredibly irritating, Victorian people are not talking, and the one who tells the story has a bulb of onion. So, eventually, all the girls will kill. and by killing, I mean the offscreen drug. ooh. did you show ONE death? and death I mean to hold her face until they give blood to makeup on? awesome. <br /> <br /> HOW this guy even knows that this story spoils me. He says it's because he saw it. but how? there was no guy in that apartment! the door was locked without any exit, the windows were fastened to a fire escape that was too rotten to work, as HELL saw it all? Oh hole hole. we love you. So the film ends up with a journalist who says "I think you did, you're wasting time", even though she asked him for the interview first. It does not matter. This movie was stupid, useless, and it made no sense with lots of plot. I could continue this movie, but I do not see the need. I'd rather spend my time doing something useful. Just like something girly. "Hell's Threshold" belongs more to the purgatory with 2 silly models. of 10.
