A group of models is looking for the apartment they live in and they are shown by one of the local real estate agents. Unknown to the models and agent, however, is that "hell of the threshold" is in the apartment and when overtaken, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill all of you on his way. The story is told by Sam Bishop, a journalist accused of murder. Even though I am a low budget champion, microbudget and independent films, I can not compliment this movie. The creators are proud of their 24-hour shooting plan, and at least one actor can play his acting performance on DVD, but I can not wrap it. Why shoot a movie in 24 hours if another one or two hours of adjustment made a big difference? And why is he proud of being poor, senseless and resulting in poor delivery of a handful of lines? With much of the movie, the models are displayed in the apartment real estate agent section. The dialogue is clearly ad-libbed, because no screenwriter could come up with such an empty diction. The agent also clearly does not know about housing ... focuses on aspects of the home that nobody cares about, incorrectly explaining the heat source (did not see the radiator?) And says the insect problem will be solved when they call the "terminator". Please write the script - any deviation is fine, but it was a mess. And why were girls moving in models? Their career had no meaning to the conspiracy, and it seems like a forced situation. At one point the actress breaks the character and says something that results in "guy, they will be (upset)," which sounded more natural than any other line, though she was out of place due to another bad dialogue. /> <br /> The demon had no sense. I applauded the attempt to explain how "hell of the threshold" jumps to random places on Earth (including apartment fireplaces), but why not explain where the demon comes from? His background includes a man whose love is killed by another man. How does the demon do to you? (Also, why did we need all of these Victorian obstacles without dialogue and views across the field? It was exaggerated.) Dramatic pauses between the lines were terrible. Sam Bishop's character was by far the worst, with the interviewer far behind. Does every question require a pause, a funny face and an answer ... followed by a pause, funny face, and answer? I was so frustrated. For me, it was only pulling time ... but I'd rather get thirty minutes of a good delivery than an hour of terrible delivery (and then it's more time losing by going through the same credits twice). /> <br /> Who was, of course, a bishop's character? He allegedly "saw" it all, and was accused of killing the girl, but he was by no means in that part of the story with the girls. How did he see them? And if he did not, how did he know, Dethman killed them? And if he had not seen Dethman know how Dethman was the spirit of the apostles? I was so lost ... was the outline for the conspiracy when it was written? <br /> <br /> The only part I found to be pleasant in this movie was a scene with one of the models in the bathroom. Not that it was really important or anything, but it was the only break from the boredom I got. I wonder what director Felix Diaz said. His music is very good (see DVD backstage for his improvised playing), but I'm thinking about his ability to shoot a movie. Although by far the best part of the DVD was a trailer for his "Superhero Excelsior" (the trailer itself was better than the whole time loss). I'm sorry, I have to be so cruel. I would like to think that this movie was a test of what can be done in 24 hours or maybe just an experiment for fun and the idea was never to make a good movie. But if "Superhero Excelsior" is some indication, Diaz can do good ... so why did he choose to avoid here? Perhaps the world never knows.
