Watching Floored by Love, one thought almost instantly forgets: "My god looks like a really bad sitcom." Sure, it seems that the FBL is a pilot for the series that can start this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) in Vancouver. Janet has already come to her mother, but her parents are still in the darkness about their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is on her own when her parents come from Malaysia for the wedding of her younger brother. That same week, British Columbia legalized homosexual marriage. With Janet, who wants to marry, Cara must decide whether her conservative Chinese parents say she is gay. Will be? She would be? She could? Cara's situation is in contrast to the situation of Jesse (Trent Millar). Jesse has just declared his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. His biological father, Daniel (Andrew McIlroy), will soon come to visit. His stepfather Norman (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally fully accepting Jesse are damaged by Daniel being gay and not. Will Call 1-800-Man Help? Dialogue and delivery come directly from a smaller 1950 program along with over-exaggerated physical emulation. A full-fledged house-style melodrama is enough to lose you from time to time, and comic attempts have largely failed. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only artists who have access to competence in this improper calculation, but due to the material they are working on, it is no surprise that none of them will work. It is possible that the camping was expedient. It often seems that artists are not really so bad that they have to try to imitate the inferior sitcom of the days. If it really is, then this review should probably be rewritten. The transcript will focus on "Floored by Love," which is a bad and ineffective sending of old sitcoms. Writer / director Desiree Lim has set up a band-fest, which is completely forgotten. There was a time when it was only enough for an openly homosexual protagonist to create a mark on the screen. That time is gone. On this day we need quality.
