I was sitting in this movie and expecting a film that is provocative, fact-based. But instead of the Christian faith, some of the smallest thought arguments could be gathered. For example, in an effort to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator continually quotes the Bible without giving context and thus changing the meaning of the text. Jesus is quoted as an order to execute those who do not obey him, although in fact he is quoted from the parable that Jesus said to the King, which is then quoted. The narrator tells of Jesus as saying one thing when he actually tells the story of one of his characters. This is dishonesty in a very obvious form. Is it really what Atheism offers the world? This film also attempts to exploit the success of the suffering of Christ over Jesus Christ: Superstar and The Last Temptation of Christ as evidence that Christians are bloodthirsty. He did not mention that Passion is still the most historically accurate biblical film. He did not mention that it was really the best the critics wanted him to do. He then adjusts himself in a series of violent images of suffering as if he was struck with it. Ironically, he does not mention the massacre of the Texas Chain Saw, which came out a few months later and plays violence for fun and a dramatic effect. One thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who really knew more about the subject than he did. All the Christians they interviewed were the average schemes in Billy Graham's Crusade Crusade in New York. The atheists who made the film were notable writers and scholars. He asked the Christians about the beginning of the Christian movement, and of course they said it began with the coming of the Holy Spirit to the disciples at Pentecost. What is Right (Acts 2). He then comments, "is not it easy how so few Christians see that they know the origin of their own faith?" and continues to explain that Apostle Paul began Christianity after stopping on his way to Damascus. Poor guy looks convinced he's 9 before Acts 2. More scams? Or is it simply ignorance? It also takes nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real man. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection, which are witnesses of the people (whom Paul names in the passage) for the Corinthians to ask whether they have doubts! There are plenty of other examples of how full bits this document is. But because I do not have the time or patience to go into them all, they skip right to the end. Throughout the film, it is clear that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church. And the top interview is PRINCIPLE OF CHILDREN CHILDREN! In the last attempt to refute the Christian faith, the narrator tries to get out of him who held him as a child. Is this what benefits as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Certainly there are intelligent atheist filmmakers who can create a document that is not a burden of made bulls that have taken place as "facts."
