First, tell me that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word atheist, okay, but I do not like this word because it describes what I am not, not what I am), but I hated it "documentary." Production values ​​were almost incompatible, the premise was extremely restless, and the whole thing seemed to be Brian Flemming's insecurity. Production values ​​were terrible and Brian Flemming is at best an amateur director. The narrative sounded as if he was just talking about the film all in one shot and he did not even practice it. It was a way to get into a lot of umums and stop when he had to talk in the movie. the animation was also pretty damn bad. The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character does not take seriously historians and biblical scholars. As I have said, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that regardless of whether Jesus was a real person, he does not say anything about the existence of God. In my personal view, Jesus was probably a real man, but he lived at a time when there were many masses (look at apollonius of tiana) and that stories about his life and sermons were thrown away no matter how you came from his death . According to a Wikipedia article on the history of Jesus (and there is a good quotation for it, it is garbage), "virtually all scholars in the field of Bible studies and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a healer, was baptized by John the Baptist , was accused of crimes against the Roman Empire and was ordered to death by crucifixion on the orders of Roman Pontius Pilate. "I remained curious at the end of the document if it was more about the director's indecision than anything else. I wondered if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most obvious example is the final interview with the director of the religious school. He does not even care. The way she blames the teacher is unfair, and when I partly agree with the director, teaching children about hell fire is a bad thing, the way Flemming confronts the director was simply unpleasant. Flemming had the chance that he might have a good conversation if he was more tactile with the interview. Instead, it is aggressive, "it's not bad to teach children such things." The guy talks in short, and I guess what he expected, the director said, "Oh, I see, I saw the light, would it be a secular school now?" It seems that Flemming is revenge for what he considers to be wrong given to him in childhood. This is not a documentary, Flemming's uncertainty, and has nothing to do with the presumed theme of documentary film. Flemming shows what he really does, and this is the true fall of this so-called document.
