It's not that I have very rare memories of original pants Verhoeven - shocking - it always struck me like a shiny and well-made film from the novel. Exciting, sexy bins, but garbage nevertheless. It was also a movie that came to a certain sex zeitgeist. After decades of anti-sex AIDS-induced hysteria, a movie about wild sex cocktail that kills excitement to increase her sexual pleasure was quite tempting. Basic Instinct 2 has always tried to provide the same social importance and immediacy, so the fact that they are desperate attempts at annoyance is so feeble that they are overlooked. All she really had to do was that a thin tooth veneer and a slightly compelling story, and they would all be observable. The fact that so many levels furiously fail, and that it is a career advance for all involved, is really extraordinary. Make sure it's obvious - Sharon Stone is too old for part of Catherine Trammell's sexual magnet. What was so photogenic with the Verhoeven lens looks like a barbecue dressed like a lamb in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, a tenant who has flat, deep colors and a still camera, which will make her absolutely unforgettable beauty. I like a lot of Sharon Stone, but if the first movie starts her career, BI2 could kill her. He has no chemistry with a stuffed shirt by David Morrissey - their only sex scene is embarrassing too alert. His body with his mother's face on the face forced me to long for the dull, orange skin of Michael Douglas's machismo. The supporting turns by David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling are losing these gentle actors in quiet exposure scenes and cliché-heavy pose. And what of the most popular sex shanghai? Badly illuminated, fuzzily seen, as the mainstream as an episode of Desperate Wife - the European sensitivity that Verhoeven brought to the sexual content of the first film is very disappointed. Do not watch this movie due to body excitement - there are none and what is tragic. The film is intricately confused until it is complete confusion, boredom and laughter. Especially in the last 40 minutes when you realized that the film is not really going at all, they are especially exhausting and gay. As an unsuccessful sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will capture similar movie grounds as Exorcist 2 The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, he competes with Battlefield Earth in his misconceptions. Like a multi-million dollar piece of Hollywood film, it's a transvestite that will be badly bad as the worst years.
