One of the most popular rental locations in my local video store is not Borat or Departed, but a 2005 Godfather God, which was not there, directed by Brian Flemming, an ex-Christian fundamentalist. In his 62-minute document, Flemming claims that Jesus was not a historical figure but a legend based exclusively on pagan traditions. Using conversations with authors, philosophers, and historians to discover the long-standing Christian belief that Jesus, the son of God, lived among people, was crucified and raised, Flemming compares Christ's story to the histories of the cult figures of Isis and Osiris Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek mythology Roman mysterious cultures such as Mithraism, and we find many surprising resemblances. In addition to his proof of pagan cults, he states that the oldest sources for the story of Christ, the four gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date of Jesus' crucifixion, and the letters of St. Paul show that Jesus is human and blood. Flemming, unfortunately, is not obliged to carry out a thorough examination of the truth about Jesus' life, but to use this subject only as the basis for a full throttling attack on Christianity and every religion. Most interviews are with those philosophically co-ordinated with the director, including believing atheists such as biologist Richard Dawkins and Sam Price. The only interviewed Christians are those on the edge, such as Scott Butcher, creator of the Rapture Letters.com website, and Ronald Sipus, director of the fundamentalist Christian school village, which Flemming attended as a kid. <br /> <br /> Just like Michael Moore's interview with Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his conversation with Sipus is so controversial that Sipus is leaving in the middle. Flamming in a sarcastic tone tells us how bad Christianity was wrong with the sun that rotated around the earth, and then points out atrocities committed in the name of Christianity, such as those led by spherical leader Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, a child's arm for God. He also raises a statement from the book LaHay and Jenkins, which says Christians are "looking forward to the day when all un-christians are thrown into a lake of fire, wailing and screaming." To further turn against Christianity, Flemming shows us extended clips from Mel Gibson's suffering to Christ, detailing each scene of violence and torture. What could be a serious discussion of a very interesting topic will eventually become a childish rant and a controversy against all religion. In the process of condemning those who used Christianity to commit indisputable acts, it ignores people such as socialist Muriel Lester, the famous Christian pacifist Rigoberta Menchú Tum, Mayan Indian Guatemala, who helped establish revolutionary Christians and received the Nobel Peace Prize for recognition of her work for social justice and Mother Tereza, whose work concerned respect for the value and dignity of every human being. His most famous argument is his comparison of Christian doctrines with pagan cults and he does some however Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cults may resemble Christian doctrines, there are no texts or source materials for these cults earlier than 300AD long after the New Testament. It is also important to note one major difference. The immediate purpose of the consecrated was a mysterious experience that led them to feel they were united with their deity. This is an anathema for Christianity, who believes that church hierarchies, including priests and bishops, to the pope, must interpret God's will to mankind. Although I am not a Christian and have no doubts as to whether or not Jesus Christ was, or is not, a historical figure, the truth is that in a long plan of things this may not be important. It is important that people receive a message and spread throughout the world, which has contributed to the spiritual development of mankind. Regardless of the distortions and crimes committed later in her name and there were many, Christianity as conceived was the doctrine of compassion and love and the moral and ethical code that promoted respect for our neighbor. <br /> <br /> I appreciate the fact that the film was filmed and that the taboo topic was discussed, which is urgently needed, is not another scary attempt to use religion as a battlefield, but to see it as a common thread that can bring the world's people together. While there is room for discussion and discussion of religious subjects, according to Anna Besanto's words, "spiritual truths are best seen in the bright air of brotherhood and mutual respect." God who was not there is recommended only to those whose idea of ​​good moment is to destroy the religion of others.
