Let me begin by agreeing completely with the underlying theory of the film that it was probably no historical Jesus and Christianity is fake. It is said that this film does a pretty bad job of proving this thesis. It is based on good arguments - the gap between Jesus' theoretical life and the writing of the Gospels, filled only with the writings of Paul who do not show the historical Jesus - and then they do not quite convincingly argue. It issues broad statements without producing the evidence on which statements are based, and certainly ignores the counter-arguments submitted by Christian apologies. Intelligent inactivity, emotional manipulation and lack of serious arguments are obvious and overwhelming. The only Christians we hear about in the movie are the head of the old school of filmmaker - who comes out as a reasonable and rational person who tries to deal with the trunks with a chip on his shoulder - and the various Christians apparently happened to meet the parking lot. I'm sorry, but the revelation that the average Christians do not know about their religion is not a convincing proof of fraudulent Christianity. You can also claim that Jay Leno has denied the existence of Michael Dukakis on his Jay-Walking segment. Interviews with experts may be interesting, but the film is filled with too many, let's be honest, the filmmaker is just snarky. During the first five minutes of the film, Jerry Falwell and Charles Manson and the writers of the Left Behind series with Brandy Davidians have joined together. And finally, the film becomes so confident that it will not abandon a rational argument, just an angry ex-Christian who, in the people and places he blames for his spoiled childhood. Perhaps the film might be interesting, but it's in a documentary film about Jesus' historicality, and it's so self-defeating that he refuses any compassion. It's Michael Moore's movie without humor or film heritage combined with Richard Dawkins's book without joke or intellectual rigidity. Skip it.
