There really is no reason to examine this much more because of some very sharp and biased misleading statements. A perfect example is when a filmmaker claims "Saul" or Paul of Tarus (a writer of the book Hebrew says that) does not know that Jesus is or was a human being, this statement is either deliberately false when he accuses others of imagining or is unaware of that what the "Bible" says. First, we can examine his misleading claims about Jews 8.4; which shows the quotation "If Jesus Was in the Land, He Was Not a Priest", and therefore here he establishes an unconscious and unconscious viewer to accept his false assumption ... why? It does what most of the so-called Bibles believe people who accuse it doing the same thing. This is what is happening from the context. Verse one of Hebrews 8 is; 1. "Now we have the sum of things we have spoken about: We have such a high priest who is on the right side of the throne of the Majesty in Heaven." The context above is clearly stated about Jesus who was on earth and sent to heaven after his supposed resurrection. It has nothing to do with the way the filmmaker wants the viewer to take his contextual script. Here is the basis that "Paul did not know about the human Jesus, but only one in the" heavens "followed him to find out if the film creator was honest" Hebrews 7: 14. "It is clear that our Lord jumped out of Judea, of which Moses did not speak nothing about the priesthood. "Hey, did not the filmmaker make a quote from a Jewish writer who is trying to show that the writer of this book has no knowledge of the" human Jesus "? it is likely that Paul writes the Hebrews, but I will not go into it, but the filmmaker claims that Paul did it, and that is the premise of what is here. <br /> <br /> It's not like this film maker does not make decent points in certain areas, but he is involved in the same blind bias of the religion he is fighting for. Once in this tactic, I think he loses his credibility as a religion chooses, and the film is no longer a documentary but a filmmaker's personal opinion and bias, no more, no less.
