Eleonora, who was born in Italy, inherited from her late lover Karel, an ultramodern and isolated house in the middle of a forest. It's cold and she meets mysterious nurse Leslie who eventually ends not only to look after the house, but also to Eleonora when she tries to adapt to her new surroundings and the growing attraction between the pair. <br /> <br /> What did I expect? That thriller really, but it was not that. This is just the package ad for you! I'm pretty nasty about everything. Title, story and motivation. So how do you classify it? But this wooden drama is rather a mysterious moody novel that relates to alienation, possession and dependence, twisted into the complicated passionate relationship of two masked individuals. The co-writer (along with William Dafoe) and director Giada Colagrande is the art house too clinical, distant and calculated with its mysterious metaphorical story that leaves you questioning what it really means? though when his sudden conclusion materializes, you will be wondering why I should really care. What we are going through is aimless, with a crude explanation of the dead air, which focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to many clumsy developments, but rather contribute to lead experiences, as they never start deep enough. Just as he believes he does. Sexually salty filtered activities have never convinced and are far from erotic. They are a bit suddenly in a slow flow. The base of the plot does something interesting and fresh, but it never fails, and I thought there would be more than that all scary persistence. Colagrande goes professionally stylishly and very gloomily to want to imagine it, but everything feels like slow motion and can get to admire the same views. Most events remain in one place? House. Cameraman's work is tense, but dirty music scores can be a bit ridiculous when it comes to dramatically stinging musical signals that are meaningless and purposeful for scenes. Giada Colagrande plays it sensitively, and William Dafoe's sleep passes part. Looks like a dog tired! While Seymour Cassel always tries his head. <br /> <br /> Where is it happening? It's someone. Well, that's if you can wait for it. I think I will benefit from doubt, because it is definitely not what I expected from this Indian film.
