I respect film coach Alex Cox, I really do. It's like a school kid you first think you were trying to be a bit of a "different" literary punk rocker who has plunged more than his legs into spaghetti westerns and science fiction and marginal culture and has come to the world ready to to get married ... but then you can see what he can do, talent and hot feverish art, and moments of real absurd joy, capable of him, and ready to see what he can offer. There are, however, two sides of his proverbial coin: either he can actually hit the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker) or just try a little too much and pull too many rabbits out of the hat (Direct to Hell). Death and compass go into the second category and while I respect my (largely) original approach to solving a detective killer, it also falls on his face and her strangeness becomes oddly boring. <br /> <br /> He has a strange enough set-up and an outrageous style that follows: Detective Erik Lonnrot is after a hell of a murder, Red, and the killer seems to be leaving disturbing traces with his victims : reports are reported in the eyes of Alonso Zunze (Kryštof Eccleston looks as though he has just left the shallow grave without changing his appearance), which according to eyewitness is of religious significance in Kabbalah. We follow Lonnrot on his case and his ways to go for a perp, which includes a triangular and then compassy pattern on the map - despite the protests of complicated commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandalon), who also looks back in the flashing direction to sit at the table and talk to audience in the gruesome but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleagues after the case. Cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as a shot, where we see the full range of horror depths of the police station, where Ecclestone's character is captured by pilgrimages ("For his own protection," says Lonnrot if he's lost in the wrong room) followed by a long tracking - maybe the best or just the most curious - where we traveled through very dark corridors in a very small direction, lost in the maze of turns and the peculiarities between the characters. And it's never something that is not fascinating when he looks at morbid pleasure with Miguel Garzone's cinematography. But the conspiracy goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so good that it could be so that you were all together. The performance, with the exception of confident Boyle and Eccleston at the very end, is quite bad, especially Sandoval, who seems to be rising in his seat when he recits the delightful dialogue he has been given to speak to the audience. <br /> <br /> <br /> While the murder fence per se involves an intention for the audience that this is not something we have previously seen is in the society with a good deal of brawlers and architecture that suggest that Alphaville is another decaying wave , it's too fast. What is the conflict here? I never really cared about a personal personal Boyle mission to find the murderer, and only slightly stuck in some of the lightning flash scenes of the killer (and / or killer) who followed the fun portraits). And just as I thought it was leading something magnificent, with Boyle and Eccleston in the big ("not as big as you think") building in the southern part of the city, suddenly it gives us "TWIST" that we know in the back our mind is coming, but hope is not and excludes any crazy mystery that has led. Because all of Cox's tasteless touches as filmmakers, because all of his opposition is lying to the audience with the "conventional" approach I'm doing seriously, Death and the Compass eventually cut off the brain stem; it's masturbation.
