My God, what's going on? movie Uwe Boll and positive comments? Wow! <br /> <br /> Be prepared to note that most positive reviews come from the newcomers to Boll. I myself, as I have already mentioned in previous reports by Uwe Boll, just watched his films in the hope that one day he would actually do something good. I think .. You MUST Stay ONE DAY! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Seed is not the day. I do not know exactly where to start with the lame horror movie movie that's Seed. The thing you remember is that all the people in the world are in this way because they have watched various misconduct on video or on the Internet ... or so, Mr. Boll believes. I still can not live to find out why there was a need for real exploitation and killing of animals during the first 10 minutes of this film. I understand the notion that Seed is ill and is looking forward to watching such things ..... but I do not understand why Mr. Boll thought that the release of REAL in the movie will work. Maybe she's shocked? Hmmm ... Well, I'm not sorry and I can see something on the movie. NEVER, however, I do not use real shots about the cruelty of animals in the slightest. If you were trying to shock me, it did not work. It just reminded me of how the world was angry because such things are happening and also because Uwe Boll can continue to make movies. This kind of context can work for movies in the 1970s (Cannibal Holocaust), but not in today's market. With this path we can move on to the fact that Uwe has managed to give the film a very inexpensive feeling all around like BloodRayne 2. You can just say there was not a huge amount of money around production. <br /> <br /> As usual, Mr. Boll really does not care that we are doing a good story because we were dealing with the boring shots of police officers who watched various videos from Seed's victims during the first 25 minutes. Each of these videos ends with the victim's prompt disintegration. It's all boring and boring. I will not comment on the toddler scene because it's ridiculous and just another cheap "shock" factor. If you manage to sit in the first 25 minutes, you will be treated to police officers walking through a very dark house to catch Seed. The lighting here is terrible and Uwe's got the old "Do not use the constant cam" fiasco that he did with BloodRayne 2. Watch the cops die in the ever-growing paths until there's a point Seed caught. This scene is such a bloody stupidity that you have to see to believe it. The cop really tells Seed he could shoot him. For some unknown reason, the cop did not shoot him. Because Seed is a patient who kills children as well as adults, you would think that in this scenario, this sense would prevail. From here, we are dealing with a silly execution scene. (and they know he's alive ... why not shoot him in the head ????), followed by Seed as he gets out of the country and then kills a random woman with a hammer and then kidnaps the police officers. What I'm trying to get to all of you is that it's just a STUPID! It's not even Hollywood's horrible stupid ... just stupid. Uwe Boll can not go ****. Anyone who has a taste would agree to this statement. Everyone who watches this movie and finds it fun in any way of shape or shape must seriously look at each other as a person. <br /> <br /> Once again, we have been dealing with a misbehavior, controlled, illuminated, productive, skipped bite of UB.
