The name Uwe Boll is automatically associated with bad horror / cult cinematography and every new film he makes? which is about two, three per year? instantly receive negative ratings and harsh criticism. You really were almost trying to think it's just a modern hype. You know, it's like it's popular to hate Uwe Boll, whether you like his movies or not. Let me assure you that it is not. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and quite sincerely a threat to the entire film industry. "Seed" is another unfortunate proof of this. This is where Boll tries so desperately to find out how controversial and shocking it is that he overlooks the many other elements that a movie must actually exist, such as plot, narrative structure, character development, tension building? "Seed" is a filthy film full of unreasonable dirty and incompetent padding. I once read that "Seed" was an interpretation by Uwe Boll about today's popular horror trend of Torture Porn, but it's not even close. The movie undoubtedly borrows some influences from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another eleventh blunt slasher with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Seed" is beyond boring, and actually just confirms all the obvious things you've already known will happen. You see, Boll was so stupid he started his movie with a (hyper-fast) scrolling text explaining that there is an American federal law claiming that death sentences must be freed if three attempts to electrocution fail. So you know it will happen later, but the first three quarters are unnecessary when they capture a serial killer and bring him to an electric chair. Seed is a mute serial killer who has probably defeated 666 casualties (exaggerating a lot?), Who wears over his head bag. It tracks real animal records on animals (and we're watching real lives with cruel animals, thanks to Mr. Bolle) and shooting people as slow down in the cellar (including a crying child that is really bad and twisted). When it is finally captured, the film is even slowing down during the most attractive and improbable police behavior ever shooting and dying of the death penalty. After being buried alive, because the electric chair could not fry him, Max Seed crawls back to the surface and goes into a brand new killing. this time he mainly focused on the people who arrested and executed him. <br /> <br /> The unconscious plot of the plot and the total lack of a story of the depth of this film are bad around the past; are totally enraging and offensive to the level of intelligence of the average fanatical horror film. Several twists and turns in "Seed" are simply impossible to accept a reasonably functioning human mind because they are simply stupid! No one believes that the police and prison staff will just bury the mass murderer alive without firing several charges through his head. No one will agree that a fugitive convict could not be found for another six months, even if he went straight back to exactly the same hiding place where he was captured for the first time! "Seed" is full of retarded little things like these, and the movie gets angry with every passing minute. Personally, I refuse to admit that even the crew members did not notice it. Do you really think that Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticism and just hardly shoots his films the way he wants. I think his screaming things like "shut up and do what you say" to their actors whenever they notice that the scene they shoot does not make sense. <br /> <br /> Just for the fun of the disturbing people, there is a huge overflowing sequence when Max Seed crushes the old woman to death with a hammer while he is tied to a chair in the middle of her living room. Instead of shocking, as Boll intended, this sequence is a masterful expression of what is truly a pathetic and modest controversial whole movie. "Seed" is terrible, it's nasty, it's embarrassing, is it? Boll.
