Short version: Seeds are not worthless. It's just a derivative and inferiority. And soulless. <br /> <br /> Long version: If you've never seen any of the movies containing the vaguely defined genre of "psychological horror", this movie is likely to melt your face. Maybe not, but it will give you a good sleep. The opening installation of real animal abuse is enough to open the eyes to the possibilities of brutality on the video, and (just) an unforgettable gore scene later in the movie will probably be more than you will be able to handle. The climax will play with your emotions so that no other movie will be. But that's unless you have a lot of experience with the genre. If you have seen the real thing ... "Underground's Penance of Augustus", for example, you will, as I have done, be very hard to stay in the depths until the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Other reviewers compared it to the old video. I understand this comparison. Just like video nasties, "Seed" is much more violent than the horror film of the mainstream and less subtle. However, the reason why we are still learning is not just for the reasons mentioned above - those that are still popular, have something special. Let me be ambiguous, I think you will understand: those who were stuck around had a "soul". Take this quote from Gabriele Crisanti, Director of the Funeral Country, in a talk about the new DVD: "... we will never have more movies like these, because technology has overcome imagination today, and technology is cold, so many things will disappear , because such small films will no longer be produced.Great, exceptional tricks that are very expensive but they are cool.Now horror, a terrorist film of this kind costing over a million dollars.This movies were not so expensive ... they are real effects, made with our hands ". <br /> <br /> It may be wrong to compare the old school so seriously. But Crisanti hit the nail on her head. Even in the most seemingly exploitative, the best of the nasties films sought for the primitive "truth". And that's where Boll is falling. It's like watching movies and not understanding them. Everything on the checklist is there ... BS about "making statements about humanity", the obscene scene of torture, etc. But, as Crisanti says, "cold". Gore is CGI. The whole thing feels like scenes combined from other films of different genres. And such stimulation is slow. Man, so slow. Another interesting note: One gore scene really reminded me of a video game. Anyway, enough BS. Weak film.
