Over the past year, Uwe Boll has shown a marginal improvement as a director who jumped up to the competent "In The Name of the King" (Clone of the Lord of the Rings) and proudly vulgar, after 11.11. . "But then came" Seed "and the counter was set to Zero again, keeping his offer on legitimacy and respecting it much further out of reach.And I'm a fan of that guy, his films show a unique visual culture and are never boring. frustrated by the wild announcements of his early films, "Seed" is a colossal misleading attempt at social commentary and even a worse stroke in creating iconic straw mythology (Boll often appears to have a page from Robe Zombie's successful "Halloween" reboot). is Maxwell Seed (Will Sanderson), a mute, crazy brute who kills 666 people and sits on death, waits for execution, after a failed frying the beast comes out of the grave to try to avenge those who put him there ... and so begins I'm trying to create a new lover of slasher in Michael Myers or Jason Voorhees, Max Seed is hate is too boring and that left an impression, eventually resembling wasted for a wrestler who makes "murderous tools" at least equally boring victims. In addition, Seed's character and Boll's "message" are in contrast to one another: the death penalty is bad, but surely, but is it really expected to sympathize with the soulless killer who left a few hundred dead? I think not. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Michael Pare behaves like James Remar's character on Dexter: a cop who sits behind the table, going through newspaper stories and watching absurd stop-motion scenes of decomposing animals and people trapped in Seed's Lair. At a time when a lot of cardboard policemen attacked Seed's sanctuary, the sequence is so stretched, ill-conceived (illumination is almost non-existent) and unspoken (in spite of a healthy dose of gore) that it almost made me sleep. <br /> <br /> The unfavorable films are not limited to this sequence: it seems that the "seed" is shot by a drunken cameraman because the cameras are bobbing and weaving infinitely, a technique that is more stomach-rotating than the gore itself; these long shots are very little to point out to the meandering, almost nonexistent narrative. After 90 minutes, the film is so scattered that it is considered a form of torture, which could be Boll's intention all the time. Pure genius ... I think the joke is on me.
