Consider the moment that must be like Uwe Boll. Somewhere, maybe in those places where Jack Nicholson said you're not talking about the parties, Boll knows that David Lean had a lice in his head as a child who had more talent for filming than he did. Gore Whores, metal heads and socially inactive can get to the ring and tell him differently but the general audience finds the Teutonic helmsman exit so deserted by the originality, joke or imagination of becoming an internet bogeyman? an online discourse synonym for photochemical excrements. Boll seeks to drive these poisonings, using tax credits available in Germany and Canada to work and raise money from a network of dentists, as Zero Mostel did with the old ladies at The Producers. The difference was that Mostel's character knew he was doing the intestinal fill. Maybe it is Uwe. Such is the level of hostility towards every new "Bollbuster" that protects IMDb sabotaging their ratings by voting 1 before they see them. Bolle's attempts to silence his critics by calling them to boxing and setting them off made them more resolute. In fact, he is probably the only filmmaker to support the sale of thesauri because critics are looking for inventive ways to describe garbage. This attack caused Uwe to be a very fat man with a skin, so he must feel like a rug was packed, but the one who feels like he's crazy about the world. Like most people in this situation, he drove away and decided to upset as many people as possible, remembering the foolish evening that held Variety's House of the Dead, never too far from the surface. This strategy, "I know you, but what I am," was to return to an initiative created by blunt satire of the post, which attempted to imitate the resistors with jokes of September 11, Christian fundamentalism, jihad, Nazism and pedophilia. Such a littoral invective requires satirist with Peter Cook's mind and visual imagination Chris Morris, but the closest Boll gets to one man's about in their surnames. In Seed, shot back to the back with the above-mentioned gaming adaptation, Boll is back with the story of a sadistic serial killer (is there any other kind?) That gets a chair for only two attempts at failure to permanently restrict all signs of life. Because of the fictional law that says someone still lives after three attempts, they have to go freely, even if you would fry that electricity, why would you want them, declare him legally dead and bury him, just to make the disgruntled killer come back and start a whirlwind tour of their prisoners. <br /> <br /> Boll begins his "investigation of nihilistic rage" with Seed, who follows the animal animals that are being tortured for experimental purposes. From there, did we deal with the murderer in the store? abductions of dogs, infants and adult women that allow them to starve for the camera just because they become a sinister meal. Are we invited to reflect on what the destroyed race of amoral mass is sacking, that we are all? our inhumanity to one another and to our species by a creature acting as a lightning rod that acts as a catalyst for the most disasters of the human condition. Yes, we are worthless, sadistic stupid and worse than that, we do not give Uwe a good IMDb rating. In short, humanity is a bed. Of course you might think that Uwe relies on our worst excesses for his livelihood, and with everything that is a bit bipolar piece, on the one hand he hates his audience and positively knocks on the sour milk of human kindness? the milk that poor old Boll had to drink for so long while simultaneously driving his member and inviting those who have pornographic lust on the screen to be humblely curious to find themselves in a complete butt dividing the circumference. does not say anything about the company and its dissatisfaction, about what the corrosive effect of bad press on its director. Poor Uwe is apparently a very angry man? one scene in which the poor woman pulls the brains that are tied to the pulse while tied up with a chair is undoubtedly a substitute for her own imagination that involves the broadcast of various web critics. That he is there, but taking the avant-garde approach by not joining any story, shows that Boll is a pornographer who is happy to engage with the desire of the blood of his audience and knows that the plot is overflowing with demands. He shot a film that was shot down competent but completely deserted. "I wanted to make a horror movie that was not fun," Boll said to the audience at the world premiere of the film, and he managed to succeed in this modest manifest, but if it had to convince the director that it was a serious genre of the film, he needed something real, a better and more original way of saying it.
