"The National Treasure" (2004) is a thoroughly misleading apologetic plot plot, borrowing from almost every cloak and dagger of the conspiracy cliché that has ever been written. The film by Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that, I ask you?); a seemingly normal person who decides, for no other reason than a number of similarly-minded hunters, to steal the "national treasure" hidden by the founding fathers of the United States. After a little background and background that laughs (inadvertently) like Indiana Jones meets The Patriot, does the film degenerate into one misleading whimper after another? an attempt to create Nicholas Cage's "Stanley Goodspeed" regurgitation, and launching the entire mess in front with a number of octane but disconnected misfortunes. The relevance and logic that George Washington and his sensual crew to the Patriots who bury the King's ransom somewhere on the original ground and then pass through a careful plan to leave the traces scattered across the American currency is something that Director Jon Turteltaub can never explain. Could Washington not find a better use for such wealth when establishing the country? That is why we remain with the mystery of the crash, which is already in a turbulent place at the time when Ben is appointed as the new administrator of this immense wealth. Ben's intentions are noble? if it is confusing. It deals with treasury protection. For whom and when ??? your estimate is as good as me. <br /> <br /> But Ben has a crusade with several problems. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides he can not wait for Ben to decide to steal the Independence Declaration from the National Archives (oh, yeah? Brilliant idea!). It is assumed that the back of this famous document has a secret answer to the ultimate riches. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The attempted assassination is, of course, unsuccessful if it is too melodramatic. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick up and pick up the very sad curator of the archives Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). Does Ben think it is a nut? at least at the beginning. But in truth against the action / Romanesque form, Abby's rhythm dissolves faster than you can say, "Is it a Diamond Taste?" The film moves into full X-File-ish mode because the FBI mistakenly believes that Ben is stealing, turning away with various inappropriate ways that lead to a multi-layer action-like sequence that resembles Mission Impossible to meet The Fugitive. Frankly, do not these guys ever have information about "intelligence" that's right? In the end, "The National Treasure" is not a great movie because it's a patchwork rehash of tired old pieces from other films woven together by remnants that would make IL 'Betsy Ross blush. /> <br /> DVD Buena Vista provides much more generosity than this movie deserves. The anamorphic widescreen image has a very smooth and finely detailed picture with very rich colors, natural tones of meat, massive black and pure white. The stylized image is also free of blemishes and digital enhancements. The sound is 5.1 and brings a pleasant sound boom to your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. The accessories include a number of advertising materials that are rather deep and over the top in explaining how and why this film was made. If we just as an audience had more clarity, why Ben and what. pursued after an illusive treasure, it could be a good movie. The add-on ends with a theater trailer, audio commentary, and deleted scenes. Not for the weak heart? just fat.
