I watched this movie last night at one of the pay-per-view channels, and while watching, I quickly wondered why I was bothering. In all honesty, I really expected something more from this movie. Maybe something similar to "plot theory". Why? Perhaps for casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now, I wonder why they were worried? But instead of taking a rescue action as a mysterious track, I was caught in the rage of passion and l'The Goonies, which, in my great surprise, had gathered some real critical praise. Perhaps this is because "The Goonies" was clearly focused on pre-school and adolescent audiences. Given that the "National Treasure", based on thumbnails, was seriously intended to appeal to adult audiences. Stopping mistrust is one thing. It's a way for you to have fun with science fiction and horror. But I found out that I was really reluctant to suppress the piles of spoonfuls of paranoid and conspiratorial occasions that came to the audience. Oh, the screenwriter threw the whole jargon to create a feeling of serious experience. "These Masons, Knights Templar, you know, that may be true!" I think the writer really lost me when Gates said the founding fathers hid the treasure to get rid of the British hands! And did the Knights Templar come from? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! Which leads a long way to explain how it ended in Philadelphia during the revolution. It was Napoleon's agents! Anyway, you can see what I get. The premise of the movie is interesting. And I really think it could have been a serious mystery drama. But it just goes away like another kid is moving in adult clothes. Finally, I think he will ask the audience not only to stop believing but to be suicidally ignored. "I was just looking at a few things by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo, and it's a shock when you switched from good food to Hollywood's Big Mac and French fries, well, well, if you breathe in the pursuit, explosions, and admiration, you'll enjoy the" National treasure. "But is it such a movie that you've ever stood in front of a cinema waiting to come in while the previous audience comes out and all the little kids excite each other and say things like," You saw the thing blowing up in the air? The "National Treasure" is such a film.
