John Carpenter's career is over, if it's a sad excuse for a movie. His excuse is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and two vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover are probably throwing the same clothes. In short, it was hard to see which one was in the anorectic ramp in some way. Bon Jovi has the most charisma. At least he looks happy when he smiles. Two vampire girls are on the other hand with cramps and complaints. At one point, they are about to give each other a wet kiss, but they stop. It's amazing how every vampire movie has a set of morays for the vampires. At one point, Arly Jover will provide a full-fledged vampire hunter and then collect his blood during sexual intercourse. It was an erotic moment, except that it was filmed as a total madness, and the male actor looked slightly amused as he watched Arly Jover move his head and imitate something that obviously did not. As for the gore, several heads are torn apart and blood is developing abundantly. These scenes have so little tension and growth that if it happens, it's almost fun and there is no "horror" payout from the scene. The only thing you get as a member of the audience is feeling like, "Wow, that was certainly a lot of red colors that run down the walls, and I wonder who needs to clean it up." Throughout the movie, these vampire hunters, who apparently try to kill Arly Jover (the world's highest vampire?), Are still touching her. At one point, Bon Jovi goes to the abandoned church, and after he shot her with an arrow (and did it on other occasions), he says, "I do not want to worry, I want to talk to you, I want to meet you." Of course, the stupid vampire Arly jumped up to greet, and Bon Jovi pressed her with another strike. "Why Can not We Be A Friend" hit the 1970s WAR should be the theme song for this movie. In addition to all the other stupid moments, there is a transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner removes her entire vampire blood, and people in the city all agree to donate the blood for her transfusion. I think the type of blood is not important? Anyway, her vampire blood is removed. Bon Jovi then decides that if he gets this blood, he can defeat Arly by becoming a vampire. Of course, when virgin blood is transferred to him, no healthy blood is removed. It seems that Bon Jovi goes with the double blood he can have every person in his body. Like the first VAMPIRES, this effect has a special vampire effect - flames breaking.
