The live feed is located in some unnamed Chinese / Asian neighborhood somewhere like five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) and Darren (Rob Scattergood) and take in the sights. After being barred at the bar with the Japanese trio boss (Stephen Chang), they decide to explore the porn theater as you would. Inside, they are separated and quickly find out that the place belongs to the triad chief who uses it to torture and kill people for reasons that are not clear. Can the local guy Miles (Kevan Ohtsji) save it? This Canadian production was co-written, produced and directed by Ryan Nicholson, who also earns a credit designer for prosthetic effects. It has to be said that live feed is another relatively poor low budget shot on a horror video tape that seems to exist just to avoid the hospitality and success of the Hostel (2005) and mini craze for "torture porn" as it became known. According to the IMDb section, "Trivia" for writers Live & Writter and Nicholson wrote it after listening to some of the activities that take place in live sex scenes for my money I think he wrote it after watching Hostel! The script is quite poor, there is no basic reason why this porn theater has a big fat ugly bizarre dressed in slavery lurking around torture and killing people, none. Was it for the Triads? Was it for his pleasure? Was it to sell snooping movies? Any explanation would be nice. So why did he finally turn to the boss of the triad? If you are looking for a movie with a coherent story, forget about Live Feed. It seemed like some unsettled misinterpretation of sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore, and action films that did not go away. I think just setting a horror movie in porn theater does not automatically mean that your movie will have something to do well, it still has to be a decent script and story, right? Characters were relatively bad clichés and some of their actions and motivations were more than a bit debatable. It moves at a reasonable pace, it is quite a delicate mix of gore, sex and nudity, but it looks cheap, which reduces the effect. Director Nicholson does nothing special, editing is torn and unpleasant, seems to be illuminating that almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea and the film has a left-hand view. Available in versions "R" and "Not rated" I saw a version with a shorter cut "R", which is not really horrible, but I am willing to give the advantage of doubt the version "Unrated" and say it can be much, much worse, but I can not say for sure. It's a lot of nudity if it's your thing. I would not say that there is a lot of atmosphere or a lot of fear here because it is not & are not, although it has a bad tone in general, which is something that I supposed to do. <br /> <br /> Technically alive feed is not terribly impressive, the blood looks a bit too watery as I like, and the whole scene that is bought in bulletproof neon lights sometimes makes it hard to tell what's going on, it often looks like , as if it were shot manually - holding a video camera and torn editing at least on the version marked "R" are sometimes annoying disorder. Shot on site at the current porn theater somewhere in Vancouver, Canada. Acting is poor, sometimes I did not know if the actresses should cry or laugh in this ... Live Feed is not a movie, I recommend to anyone to hurry and I did not remember much, it is a very weak predictable story lacking exposure nowhere, poor performance and less than impressive gore (at least in "R"). Watch either Hostel movies again or instead because they are better.
