First, an actor who has to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half the actors they play, the Jews have blue eyes. Is not there enough brown eyes? Jesus, which is portrayed as blue eyes, is one of my animals. He was a thoroughbred Jew! Secondly, what are the old English films to be held in non-English speaking countries and all of them have English accents? (Another example is "Dr Zhivago" by David Lean.) Is there not enough Jewish actors or actors who could make an Israeli accent? The film is often not true to Scripture, and it seems to question the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus is baptized by John, there will be a voice from heaven: "This is my beloved son, in whom I am very pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John the Baptist says this! The screenwriter seems to be trying to portray believers as crazy. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will become pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but we can not see or hear any angel in the film - Mary seems to speak a monthly and when Mary's mother hears that she is talking to someone and how he looks upon, he does not hear or see anyone. Also in the film, when Jesus speaks with the Pharisees in Jerusalem's temple, he says, "You will not see me again until you learn to cry:" Blessed is the one who comes in the name of the Lord "because I and my father are one and the same. The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) reads, "You will not see me again until you say," Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord. "" Time. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts off many important parts (the sermon on the mountain is very much excluded), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (the whole scene with Mary Magdalene speaks to John). Instead of wanting to make a film version of the script, the writer seems to want to make a film about what he thinks has really happened behind the scenes (and between them). The film, however, has one gem - and during the scene when Jesus is telling a parable about a crazy son, in Matthew's collection of taxes, I had tears running down my face. It's the best movie I've ever seen about Jesus' service (but he does not say much because the others are horrible). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite film about the last days of Jesus ("Christ's suffering" is too graphic) even though I like how "Jesus of Nazareth" instead of ending with Jesus' death, continues and shows the resurrection.
