... although for a film that seems to be trying to market itself as a horror, there was a marked lack of blood. Significant lack of qualified director, acting, editing and script. <br /> <br /> Jeremy London gave one of the worst performances I've ever seen - his "descent into maelstrom" madness is painfully confident and clumsy. Oh, look at him! Oh, look at him, drink strong spirits! Oh, look at him as he raises his eyebrows and cocks his head at a thrilling angle! Oh, look at his unpainted, greasy dark hair! Oh listen to his hurtful voice! He must be a tortured artist / writer / genius! Oh, yes, he's a poet - it's another boy who thinks he's Byron. (Or Poe.) For love ... somebody gave this guy a handbook on how to behave well or to get him out of some cardboard box, the extinct small plastic toys with the broken cereal brand. Okay, that was a stupid line - but that's just because the performance of London melted my brain with its horror. Katherine Heigl is cute and very briar, but she has not grown into her acting boot - she has delivered her lines as if she was absent, in fact her entire performance was very wooden, her characters are just as strong as her lines - who knows , perhaps just responding and trying to neutralize Jeremy London, but if it is, it will take her too far. <br /> <br /> Notable is Arie Verveen as Poe - while the role of his character is confused, he delivers the best performance of the work. He just looks right, but it's more - he's got some depth, I believed he had life in the immense two-dimensional quality of the other characters. Perhaps it's just because I like Poe and could just let my mind wander and invent while he was on the screen - whatever he was interested in is otherwise missing. The rest of the characters are facial blur - there are all the usual cartoons: the most beautiful blonde best friend who is a little upset; a killed local cop who is a bit of a stomach; a protective elderly man who may not have too much paternal interest in our heroine; mysterious old witch, etc., yawning, yawning. <br /> <br /> As in the case of "a clear lack of blood for a horror movie," none of the topics mentioned (and that the London character mentions - so sharply - in his attack on writing Poe) on. As another reviewer says, there was potential: murder, incest, - really shocking things, but instead they broke out of trouble and broke away from violence (floating candle, swinging the air - closing on its victims - then - that's great in the traditional noir horror, it is really expected and is kindly accepted when it happens - it's a dear convention, especially when accompanied by fake lightning and intense makeup of Siouxia, but in "It's just as clumsy or as if the editor was at the last minute to the nerves and dropped it.) It could either be a very tense psychological thriller - a horror palingenesis / delusion / madness - or a simple (and fun) movie slasher: trying to be both or not one (something new and exciting! The only horror element of the whole film is its epic idiom. I think the editor (if any) must have been drunk when this thing broke down - scenes are scrambled, scenes that seemed to be out of order (but it could only be a bad scenario). Sometimes the director and the cameraman - there were some strange shots and framing that I think should have been honors to Hitchcock or Browning but eventually ended up stupid (again, cool but it was trying to be something else.) <br /> < > The whole thing may have been funny (as the previous reviewers mentioned - "OMG, how did that happen ?!") if I was in the mood of some waste, a bag, unfortunately for me I sat down on the couch, with the lights down, with the express intention of scaring stupidly - it's a very poor movie and I'm afraid I can not recommend it to people or laugh. <br /> <br /> Please do not waste your time or money on it - borrow a real horror / thriller movie or find yourself in a copy of Poe's fantastic stories, you will have a much more fun and frightening night than you could with this with waste.
