Scary Movie 3 is not as fun as its predecessors but still has its funny moments. Everything starts when the acting reporter Cindy Campbell decides to find a tough story in the middle of the television. It will soon reveal a terrible onslaught of globally threatening developments including alien invaders, killer video cassettes, wild circles in crops, and many others. Faced with the plots of massive proportions and the crew of very strange people who follow her, Cindy must fight to prevent evil from taking over the world again. This conspiracy is insignificant here, as the first two were rather less conspiratorial. This time it focuses on the sign, the ring, the matrix of regaining and 8 miles, as well as many others, just not as before. The first one was one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The other was not that good, but still quite funny. The third is slightly pleasant, but nothing special. Let's just say it did not matter, but I would not want to see it once. Jokes are either hit or miss, and those that are funny usually include Charlie Sheen. Poor people usually include Anthony Anderson as he is overvalued. Why he still plays is unclear because he is not funny. Anna Faris gives fun performance and is also underestimated. Simon Rex has some potential, because in fact he was not that bad. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and gives quite fun performance. The rest of the cast was a lot of cameras. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the most fun scene in all of them. Their in the initial sequence of spoofing The Ring and this scene will prove to be one of the most enjoyable in the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also have portraits. David Zucker drives and while this is not another plane, it's not even another girl My Boss. It's pointless to really analyze a direct comedy as the main thing people want to know if it's funny or not. Just like I said earlier, if you like it, you probably will not like it much. Finally, I find it a little disappointing, because the PG-13 rating weakens it, but it still can be nice. Rating 6.3 / 10
