Another FINE effort from America's Most Subjective Filmmaker. His knowledge of the subject of racism is STAGGERING, and IMPRESSES me at more than one level. The accusation that Lee is indeed a tiny little racist, poisonous dwarf who occasionally uses the Hollywood system of Affirmative Actions to shoot poor quality films is the ultimate propaganda of NONSENSE, the only right. The very idea that Lee resorts to abuse of the current climate of political correctness in America to create anti-white hate films is simply untrue and harmful. Some Lee critics even go so far that GOTB celebrates African Americans and at the same time gives more races: FALSEHOOD, of course, spreads people who are opposed to peaceful coexistence between different races in America and elsewhere. <br /> <br /> My favorite scene in the film is a long dialogue between the rich black Republican and the others on the bus. The views this man poses are simply wrong - everywhere. 100% UNTRUE. She LAKKS education, unlike brilliantly INFORMED guys who quite deserves to drop him off the bus. TERRIFIC performances and intelligent script make a watching experience that has RARELY rivaled all political films made since. <br /> <br /> I would also like to point out to the constant LIES that Million-Man March had only 80,000 people involved in it! (And now all you have to do is take the antonyms of all the words written in capital letters ...) So what is the message Lee is sending out here? If someone disagrees with your political opinions, you simply use violence and throw it out of the bus. I thought the movie says "get on the bus" ...? It seems that Mr. Lee is for bus segregation after all, ie, there is no other than those who are in front of him KKK: the bus is only for those blacks who are in line with the idea of ​​the Democratic Party. So much for the "liberation of slaves" ... <br /> <br /> Final credits: "This movie was completely funded by black people." And distributed and sold by a large Hollywood studio run by Jews and whites that Farrakhan despises ...
