First of all, I was disgusted with the director Sun-Woo Jang, because I felt he cheated on me. Jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on humans, but instead decided to concentrate his power on the pornographic element more than the real human element. At first I did not see the characters, and his sloppy introduction, which combined realism and cinematography, was at best amateur? this film stayed in my mind a few days after I saw it. What remained with me was not the story, it was not the character, it was not the seemingly pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that Jang proved to be between Y and J. When you look closely at this movie, you will see both of them begin at the stage of exploring their relationship, wanting to jump into an unknown but not quite sure next step. As they continue to meet, explore new ways of pleasure, they constantly jump between aggressor and aggression. Jang initially examines the idea that J is the one who controls the situation, and then comes back when J becomes obsessed with Y. It's a very small change and because of the graphic content of this movie it may be missing, but it's there. Obviously, the end is coming when J can not live with Y because their encounters are becoming less frequent and J attempts to become part of a common society. It was a huge and very exciting feature of this film that was to be seen right in front of you, but unfortunately, it was the only element of this film that is worth watching. He will ignore those who speak of this film as nothing more than pornographic, because at the heart of this film are the human elements that are as developed as they are, are there. It's a film about the aspect of our lives, which is very rarely explored or documented in the cinema. What is happening behind a closed door is never known? or so we should believe. While he repeats himself after the battle, director Jang tries to change a bit with some ever-changing sceneries. Our characters are constantly moving from the hotel room to the hotel room to make their thirst as smooth as possible. That's fun first, but again, Jang's repeating strip seems boring rather than exciting. This leads me to the biggest problem I've had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (beyond the obvious choice to concentrate directly on the pornographic side) it was that he took the scenes, repeated it again and again without changing before us to let us know the characters. Where was Jang with this movie? Did he want sex to tell stories, or did he believe the characters would be? He did not succeed in this way, because we know little about Y and J until the end of the film that we could take less care of how to solve it. The end seems to be almost random, as Jang attempts to make a definitive distinction for our two absolute unknown films. I have to give Jang some credit because I tried but not much. He tried to create some partial stories that would create a personal element that we lacked but could not fall well together. Brother Y and wife J were those plotting points, but again because he was so heavily focused on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became undeniable and downright right boring. Maybe it was just as I saw this movie, but out of the sexual scene, nothing else worked together. We did not know anything about J and Y, so Gojitmal failed. Finally, I would like to say that this film could benefit from having a strong score or a far distant musical genre to bring us viewers closer to the emotions J and Y feel. From what I remember, and trying to keep this film out of my mind, I do not remember any musical undertones. Gojitmal could have been a stronger film if Jang had stylized with music or something that would hurt our character. While I understand he wanted sex to talk about himself, the film lacked only a technical element that probably suppressed a stronger desire for more. Technically it was a bad film. Of course an independent movie in the wild, he felt more like director Jang tried to make symbolic links of nothing, instead of your typical independent of that nature. I have not seen so much of a social message or a human element, as I mentioned above, I just felt as if I was throwing this movie together for two weeks and realized that sex would sell him enough. It was not Larry Clark's production; it was sub-par and definitely needed some other technical clicks to develop a stronger than the final edition! Overall, I think I could enjoy this movie and there were smaller elements I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was hurrying, repeated and playing too much towards taboo instead of breaking it. The obvious traps of this movie can be seen on the last scene of this film when we became familiar with the title of this film. Our characters were uncompromising, our story was underdeveloped, and we could use something unforgettable to make what was happening between Y and J something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang tried too much to capture art house meets pornographic? and it has failed unhappily. It was not a movie that would cost the time and effort that needed to be done. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from *****
