This movie is a somewhat special mix of music, romance, drama and crime with a film noir on it. It is basically one disordered set of different genres, none of which really look like it should be. This movie is an attempt by Mickey Rooney to be considered a serious actor. She is a former child star who always starred in comic and musical productions at the beginning of her career. In this film, they choose a different approach (although the musical aspects are still in the movie). But his role is really ridiculous in the movie. Do you mean Mickey Rooney as a hardcore player? He is an extremely small boy. He was 30 years old at the time of this film, but seriously looks more like a 16-year-old. Listen to him calling the girl to women and hear the gangsters who are about three times bigger than he does not look and feel good. He just is not convincing in his role. Because the film blends so many different genres, the story really feels like a mess. Somewhere there is a conspiracy and somewhere there is a romantic conspiracy line and one about living your dream, but none of it works because of the chaotic approach and the handling of it all. It's just not an interesting or persuasive movie to watch. László Kardos is also a director who has only experienced ten films in his life, although his career consisted of 1935 to 1957. He had to be a struggling director who was hard to get into industrial work and instead got a smaller script to work with. movies are all unknown, and they are also not very good. Let's not forget that it's a movie from the 1950s, but it still feels like "40 years, or perhaps one in the age of 30. But most of this is because the movie was shot in black and white, in general black and white movies from the 1950s, they often have a feeling of cheap appearance and this film is no exception. "It was a bit weird look at Mickey Rooney and Louis Armstrong and his band as they were together, not the only film in which Armstrong appeared, and often he has appeared in these types of films, often as he is, and I think jazz lovers can still enjoy watching this movie because of their music, because that film is pretty much the fact that the film actually won an Oscar nomination for the best original song. <br /> Unfortunate little movie and a trip from Mickey Rooney. <br /> <br /> 4/10
