POTENTIAL VERY MINOR SPOILS <br /> <br /> This film is billed as the first Russian horror film. Unfortunately, as far as I am concerned, "The Witch" (her Russian title) will have the place of dishonesty in the gallery of horrible Russian films. Based on the story of Nikolai Gogola, "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. This is where the keyword is here because there is no need to know the story. Instead, the more you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> <br /> This is a unique production because we are quite accustomed to directors who take stories from other cultures and adapt them to their own culture. Sturgess has been a complete example of the American breakthroughs of foreign films, but Sturgess has changed to Kurosawa's Seven Samurai to The Magnificent Seven with wonderful results and Kurosawa has transferred Shakespeare's Macbeth to Japan to create an incredibly powerful Throne in Blood while King Lear has become a riveting Ran. However, with the "Sorceress", we have Russians to move the Russian classic story to American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English in order to copy it to English using American actors and have a moderately synchronous movement on the lips. <br /> <br /> As a natural consequence, the colorful Ukrainian background is lost to the story, there comes an uncomfortable American town seemingly raised from some obsolete horror book. Soon is the chaotic seminarist Khoma Brutus, instead we have a frantic journalist who is going to win the Pullitzer Prize, and at the same time writes about events similar to X and Miss Boob's frequent contests. (I never thought the Pullitzer Prize was awarded for such a type of writing, now I'm humbled to fix it.) With a strange nod to Russia, the journalist is named Ivan Berkhoff. They should name John Smith because it is impossible to get more than this film, cliché, cliché and generics. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town named Castleville, gets stuck on a dirty trip, goes on until he finds a dilapidated house and is rather unwelcome by the old cron. Everything was accompanied by a radio broadcast about the forces of evil who were in their most powerful, and people better resided in the house and dodged the water. Need to mention that it's raining really hard? After a few reported scary scenes that I laughed, the story finds our priest-dressed journalist confused with the priest, and the local sheriff tells him that his daughter, who died after being brutally attacked, wanted a new priest to pray for her three nights. At this point the action begins. Those who have time to kill are welcome. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything, starting with the dialogue and towards the interconnection department. The dialogue that I heard in Russian was apparently originally written in English and was composed exclusively of cliches and phrases taken from American films. The actors were equally clear about English, because the timing of their speech was tedious and unnatural, and Russian dubbing resembled it. The effects are mostly cruel, not only because actors often find it difficult to talk, but because they have nothing to approach a number of facial expressions. For the most part, they are simply empty or you want them to be. The only exceptions are the sheriff played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​a fine Estonian actor, and Arnis Lizitis, who plays the wheelchair bound Castleville. And of course the cock, which is absolutely natural to the camera! I know actors are complaining that dogs and cats are stinging, but when Nikolaev is thrown off by a cock, it's a sad testimony to the overall quality of the movie. There was not only a terrifying moment in the whole movie, not even a single original moment in the movie. Be aware that this comment comes from someone who is rather inexperienced with horror. The film is filled with standard moves used in horror film from the beginning of the genre. At a critical moment, the camera loves lying on a petroleum lamp. The indicator light turns off immediately. He also had to see some horror films. An example of the highest idiocy comes at another moment, the figure jumps out of the tub and runs at the camera. He's wearing something that looks like a lumbar cloak! It can not be stupid than that! <br /> <br /> Those who like in Russia claim that it should be promoted as a mystical thriller. I was not even excited. It was from beginning to end. I especially enjoyed the fact that the entire small town population behaved as if they knew they lived in a horror movie, except that they were not sure whether the zombies were or not. Some of them, therefore, behaved like zombies in the case. Movie makers say it's about finding faith. Such a delicate collection of idiotic events, stupidly thoughtful moments, and yes, clichés, do not deserve to find faith. The film is so thorough and utterly false that it only deserves to be an exhibit in the Wax Museum.
