What is here? Let me tell you. It's the presence (Alec Baldwin). He's not a great actor, but maybe a nice star with some good movies that are not one of them. He did nothing here more than anything he did earlier or later. So, not to mention (literally!) That the matter (Steve McQueen) has the same role in the original, because I do not want to compare it in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan (Kim Basinger), she has a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best looks average! And she gets on my nerve really, whenever she talks about her seductive rare beauty !! Well, if I was a blonde, somebody might be interested, then I'll turn my hair into yellow first! And what is it with all the foolishness through Miss Basinger's Legs? !! Is it a madness or a bad tasting? I do not see both not just sexy, but UGLY too! And if you hate it, you'll shoot me, but you know what? I just watched this movie so I'm dead! But what really makes you feel unbearable, is that none of the credits go to the one who deserves the most? And of course I think (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we are talking about a real original seductive kitten such an unforgettable body and a unique feeling of kindness like ugly brunette (Marilyn Monroe), however much healthier! (I can not help, it was the only new and observable thing here!). (Michael Madsen), because the bad guy was much more appealing and more efficient than good guys (James Woods) is here to sum up early events next to the pool (and so the trailer would be his voice later!) And he knew before the Hollywood things like "Take your thing, take the cash and good luck as an actor in other movies!", editing gave the film a serious personality along with a violent atmosphere that was made with a suitable brilliant cinematography, so its main merchandise (Action, Excitement .. .) are here and relatively well done, although any echo for deep meaning (types of betrayal) as the main dramatic motive of the whole thing is not so strong do not expect it. OK, it's all in all the other remakes without any special (except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moments!), So I think I tried to be objective as I could therefore not end my review saying that (Basinger) than this movie .. It would be an insult, because sincere .. Anything better than this movie!
