I have not seen this movie anymore, but I decided to comment on it, mostly because the memory of the fact that I do not like it is lit up in my memory cells. The original film THE GETAWAY was not a price, but it became more important that it was a 1) Sam Peckinpah movie, 2) Recommended by Steve McQueen, Ben Johnson, and Slim Pickens, 3) It was a relatively painless way to throw an hour and half the time. For comparison, the version of 1994 comes across just as much as vanity for the then red hot Alec Baldwin and his soon divorced wife, Kim Basinger. McQueen and his wife Allie McBride also broke up soon after their version of the film was created and one can imagine that the Baldwinians at their marriage counselors are arguing about the foolish idea of ​​making this film. <br /> <br /> Let's Think And Avoid It - Alec Baldwin has never been and will never be close to Cooler King and one of the reasons why this remake was so upsetting is the perceived arrogance on the side of Baldwin that he is supposed to question our memory of Steve McQueen in the lead role. Like someone else, Peckinpah's film vision of 1972 was a work of satire that was about to parody the action / adventurous heist genre. On the other hand, Baldwin, Bassinger & Company seems to be trying to evoke a more serious tone, but only Michael Madsen and James Woods "the slim, unprincipled villain of the character look like real people." The film is also definitely a lively and dissimilar at a basic level that is difficult put on words, one tour was more than enough, not only because he had nothing to offer, but because of how careless it was, Peckinpah's film was in fact a stylish little fun that had an optimistic mood where this version is a slog, which takes too long or little.There is no artistic urgency for existence and some of the most uncomfortable scenes are so uncomfortable that they make the film hardly enjoyable So I do not know it was probably one of the films that helped launch a wave of senseless , artificially defective big budget remakes that rely on the acting actress / actress from a title that is not a really good thing in itself. I would always like to see filmmakers, at least try to come up with a new film idea and fall apart with something original. This film just wanted to pull my eyebrows, and it's revealing that during the next fifteen years since his release, Mr. Baldwin has become widely known as one of Hollywood's biggest blockbusters. Thank God for "Team America" ​​for putting him in his place. <br /> <br /> 3/10
