Renowned cameraman Freddie Francis (Glory, Elephant Man) controls this rather bad horror / dramatic film. 19th-century England has a different view of how medical practice should be treated than Dr. Thomas Rock, a law that says only bodies of hanging criminals can be investigated and experimented. But the supplies of these bodies are small and Rock needs more - and gives them priority. By being exaggerated in his circle, he begins to pay people to find his bodies to study and try. Desperate sleazebags Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom get the wind of this job and start killing people and selling the bodies to Rock. Of course, this kind of action has worse consequences than exercises on the dead body of a non-criminal and leads to problems for everyone. While the overall story sounds interesting on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is ridiculously bad. After the first fifteen minutes of the film, you're already beginning to question your decision to sit and watch the movie. The whole appearance of the film is just ugly. When they saw the film happening in the slums of England during the 19th century, the filmmakers were probably going "ugly", but they do not do it artistically. Everything from a cinema set looks cheap, poor and disgusting. Likewise, almost everything is a scene full of something you just can not take seriously, and it usually has to do with someone (in small and big roles) doing something that looks or sounds ridiculous. Francis certainly did not help his actors. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play twisted friends from Fallon and Broom and they are very bombastic but very bad. Their characters are crazy, but Pryce and Rea are exaggerating parts to death. Especially have trouble keeping the same accent from shot to shot - Pryce especially goes from Cockney to Irish to Long John Silver to some sort of lagoon and so on, and so on. It's also a humorous rebellion when you see Twiggy in this movie at all, let alone playing a terrible bitch on the street because she can not rescue her to save her life (though her song is not so funny during the final credits). The boy has certainly come a long way: from "flower power" to "I'll get a dress for a shill!" Just as bad as these three actors are in this movie, Julian Sands will win the film's worst performance. Just as he is just as lame as the other, rendering anger, love, happiness, anxiety - one by one laughing - a loud attempt - to choose emotions, emotions! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about The Doctor and the Devils: Timothy Dalton about Dr. Rock. Despite being surrounded by cinematographic waste, Dalton is absolutely excellent; gives an electric image of an over-powered yet charismatic man. Pity that the rest of the film could not be as good as Mr. Dalton ....
