Drawing 9. Drawing: Matthew Barney. How do you know when you are in the middle of a demanding artistic film? Is it that there are only eight lines in 140 minutes? Is that when Bjork is wearing what looks like a giant hairy pita on his head in a pseudo-Asian ritual? Perhaps when mammoth veins and spine are used in a whale blubber experiment. Or are you ready to kill the composer for creating the minimal and still unpleasant version of Philip Glass? Drawing 9 is, in any case, one of the most used films of modern art. Within 135 minutes, his effort is increased by being boring. I would say that narcotic colors could be used and the beginning of the sequence interesting, but the rest of the film looked like it was shot for the Discovery Channel document. When it seems they are trying to make their version of P-ss Christ, but that will be later. <br /> <br /> In fact, parts of the documentary film were the best parts. The flat land is a whale boat, and then there's a ritual about how the fat is whipped. Then there are guests in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney, who are welcomed on the ship by being subjected to a humiliating ritual that includes a head-off (I think it's a frat boy), nicotine patches, and giant fur hats. Then there is mutual eradication, cannibalism and we do not forget the huge turd. Matthew Barney wrote that it was "the relationship between self-creation of resistance and creativity." It's almost like saying, "If you do not understand, then you're not creative in your interpretation, so let's say goodbye because I'm an artist." Wait, it's a POST-modern interpretation of the sentence and what the film would be if it was post-modern. But it was a modern art. Which is about art itself. <br /> <br /> So we'll start this whole interpretational bit, okay? The following lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be considered as a realistic attempt to interpret the film. The first half hour concerns pearl divers and the construction of a giant ramp. It is clear that the ramp symbolizes the need for self-harming any standards you hold dearly, and pearl divers are looking for pearls of wisdom. Then, on a whale ship, he is building a crate that looks as if it were in the shape of a whale. Obviously, the coarse element precursors. <br /> <br /> On the ship, they create whale fat inside the whale shape and pull out some of the fins. They replace the spine and later a huge veil. It is assumed that these are the states of the film itself. When its fat, its fun, but bad for you. When it comes to the spine, it's the "important" part of the movie, or the spinal column so to speak. Then there's a huge turd mouth of the movie, or when the movie is stupid. Bjork and Matthew Barney arrive on a separate ship, they are brought into strange humiliating suits that NEVER HAVE BEEN OR SYMMETRIC, one suspects that they have not gotten money and Barney has tried to stop smoking. So they stained the head. They go through the ritual and learn about a ship from the Japanese wise who tells them that the ship is scarred when another ship hits her; crash or junction if you want. It inspired Bjork and Barney, who are on the outside of others to begin to cut their legs apart and eat them so that they could turn into the whale itself and be the same person. They intersect. Oh, I forgot to mention that this was done in a Robbie Williams video? Then the pearl divers return with their mouth full of pearls, which let them fall to create a silly Venn diagram. Barney did, of course, through the eighth degree geometry. Or perhaps maybe at least some social studies. Oh, and I forgot that Bjork's dirty eyes wanted to kill me - her score? Sometimes it's hypnotic, but in others you just want to kill her. Artistic film is one thing, but when you just distribute a variety of symbolism in the hope of getting a reaction from people, it becomes a self-destructive joke. When do you cross the boundary between becoming art? Dali and Bunuel often made incredible pieces of nonsense, but they were much more coherent and fun than this waste. Chien Andalou had the sense to symbolize as much as possible in less than half an hour. <br /> <br /> So, can I recommend it? Only if you like boring HIGH ART movies with lots of symbols and flat images. D +
