I want to appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after spending the last night in a college film studio, I could not help, but I thought ... when will it end? Very long and heavy two hours and fifteen minutes. I just saw part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and I thought I knew what to expect. This means that experimental films like this are better digested in small increments. There are a few beautiful / terrible images ... including the title sequence (no fun), but if you come to it and expect any kind of plot or meaning, then you are in a long, encouraging ride. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if it was a compliment), but more often than not, I was expecting some sort of meaning or narrative ... a big mistake. Among the collection of paintings is a very fanciful gift wrapping ceremony, the creation of disgusting food from what appears to be petroleum jelly that was created with a milling cutter and shrimp sprinkled (this is given to the crew of the ship that is displayed throughout the film), a large drum cheese a cake with a large tentacle fan centered in the middle and the clearing of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, which eventually culminates in some bizarre kind of community, followed by their transformation into whale animals. The sound track is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... sometimes even crazy. Suddenly, there is a song sung by Bjork that suits the volatile rituals that are played before us, and at other times it is just a constant droning of the great instrument we see as a mysterious woman playing the beginning and end of the movie. If it sounds like it does not make sense, it's because it's NOT! If it sounds like your cup of tea, then you absolutely love it! If it sounds like something you probably will not like, then stay away from it because you're most likely to leave the theater at half-time as some people on the screening I've been visiting. This is the very definition of artistic film. You get what you select from it. Otherwise there is not much, except for a few peculiarities and constant construction and deconstruction rituals. I'm glad there is room for such movies, but I can not say I want to sit back again. However, I can not say that I would not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's films from start to finish and compare with this one. I think maybe now that I know what I should expect to like this. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this movie has, I'd probably like it if I got into the stones. And then it might have seemed twice as long as it was, and then it really would be really hard. Definitely not for everyone.
