Winter Kills is a terrible, incoherent and very unsatisfactory comic-thriller by the little-known director William Richert. While watching the movie, I honestly felt like I was the Emperor of the classic New Fleece Fables. The film felt like a fool because I could not make the head or the tail of serpentine conspiracy and pointless characters. But I felt a little embarrassed when I admitted that the film tied the brain to the nodes. So I finally kept up with it, I hope the whole tangled mess develops. Then I realized that the film is OFFICIAL to be serpentine, absurd and illogical, because it is the same. It is a satirical view of conspiracy theory and theoretical, as plot plot is used as a metaphor for anchoring truths, half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even when I realized it was a joke, I still felt that Winter Kills was a pretty awful movie. Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the younger brother of a former US president who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when the dying says he shot the president and provided detailed information on where he hid the gun. Nick tracks the traces, but every step that people help him will perish under mysterious circumstances. His father, Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman, is still interfering with Nick's investigation. The deeper the dive, the more Nick realizes that he descends into a network of complex lies and red herring where nothing is as apparent and no one can be trusted. The film is the ultimate nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow for the reason that it is deliberately tangled. Cast is full of extraordinary talent, but most of them are useless. Toshiro Mifune has one of the shortest and most unnecessary roles in cinematographic history; Elizabeth Taylor seems insignificant and has no dialogue; Richard Boone is given what appears to be an interesting role, but his character goes anywhere. John Huston has the best role as a powerful patriarch and gives us some nice moments of film with his perfect delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a spooky role and manages it well, although his screening time is too short to prove the complete fairness of the character. Some nudes and sexual scenes are rated for no real reason, and although they are fairly graphic and can reach the voyeur, they really belong to another movie. The film's semi-comic peak is fake and unsatisfactory, but paradoxically unforgettable in its strange little way. There is obviously some cult audience there somewhere for Winter Kills .... but I will not count among his number.
