Spoiler down, but read or you'll never know the terrible fate that awaits all planing to rent "Rodentz". On the night of the moon, at a remote research lab, the main breakthrough is to have fatal results. A chemical compound that was created to "hunt and destroy" lethal cancer cells escaped from a hazardous waste disposal system into the basement of the building. Now the rodents who are involved in the lab experiment above are not the only rats in the plant that will become altered species. Professor Schultz, the lead biologist, has just shown that the addition of a new enzyme now allows its formulation to "hunt and destroy" to be regenerated for as long as necessary to neutralize lethal cancer tumors. When three different grades of the new mixture are given to three different rats and the rest is poured into the defective waste "Danger of leakage", shocking side effects lead to night terrors ..... right ..... <br /> <br /> Seriously, this is probably the worst movie I've seen this year. Everything about it is called "Low Budget!", From scary acting to special effects, some of the worst I've ever seen. The characters are cliché cages and they are in a silly and predictable way: Walk down the dark corridors themselves, look for a cat, turn off and drop down to "rat" to catch up with them, move into a small room, etc. <br /> <br /> While some movies are cheaply made, this movie really takes a cake. Every possible piece is cut, all from the repeated use of early shots, shooting the "Lab" corridors from different angles to make it look bigger. (It reminds me - why in this magnificent building?), Music and special effects that could be done at the PC's children's workshop. <br /> <br /> It brings me to the worst aspect of this steam pile of manure - special effects. Just terribly. Computer rats look so fake and get out in every scene, so even the deepest movie fans see they are computer-generated. And that huge rat suit - Oh my God !!!!!!!! seriously, can we believe that the monster beany baby is a monster? Only pitiful ........ On the better side, some of the gore looks quite nice, especially with regard to the budget. <br /> <br /> All the actors are sucking. no one who would be involved in the production knew what he was doing. I've spent enough time reviewing, just getting advice, it's litter. 1/10. About the DVD: The conversion is upset, the sound is acceptable, and there is a commentary on the disc by the director and two of his friends who say they have nothing to do with filming at all, but they were there to ask questions and comment. All three of these non-human vows are so incredibly stupid that they should be institutionalized before they can harm themselves or others. I do not want to waste your reader's time or mine, as I start to remember more than I want to make about this movie ..... DVD rating: 1/10.
