The altered species begin in Los Angeles on Friday night when dr. Irwin (Guy Vieg) and his assistant professor Walter (Allen Lee Haff) burn the field night oil as they continue to test and the perfect revolutionary new drug called "Rejenacyn". As Walter warns of the last unsuccessful attempt down into the pipeline, the pipes run into the underground of a fluorescent green fluid where the rats escape, they start to drink them ... Five Walter's Alicia's friends (Leah Rown in very exhausting gear, including some cool boots that Gary Peterson), Burke (Derek Hofman), Frank (David Bradley) and Chelsea (Alexandra Townsend) decided they were working too hard and needing to get out, so they plan to pick it up and go to the night, in Douglas' lab and cleaner (Robert Broughton) were attacked and killed in the basement by the dead rats in the basement when Walter injected the latest rat laboratory in the rat lab, when he grew up at an amazing pace, but Walter's friends got up but could not leave while the rat still they are missing, so everyone is helping them to find all six of them became a potential rat what Rodentz Altered Species has been co-edited and directed by Miles Feldman, and very little recommended. The scenario from producer Serge Rodnunsky is bad and associated with the overall loss of production as a whole of the Altered Species is really lame. Beginning characters are stupid, annoying and cliché. Then there is a non-original conspiracy with the mad scientist, the monster he created, the isolated position, the stranded human occupation, and the ultimate duel between the hero and the monster. It's here somewhere. Changed species are moving around the world at a fair rate, which is just the best I can say, and fortunately it does not last so long. It's basically your average run-of-the-mill killer mutant rat film and it's not particularly good at one. Director Feldman films as a TV movie and the whole thing is very mild & forgotten, while some of the special effects and offensive scenes leave a lot of possibilities. At the start of the CGI rat are terrible, the attack sequences contain a manual jerky motion of the camera and really quick fixes to try to hide the fact that all rats are just passively sitting there. At different places in altered species, rat cages need to shake because of the rat's movement, but you can see all the rats that sit there when someone shakes the cages out of the screen. The huge diving monster at the end looks pretty bad because it's just a guy in a slack suit. Are there no fears, no tension or atmosphere, and since the basements contained bright neon lighting? There is one or two nice pieces of gore here, someone has a nice big chaotic hole where their face was, there is a cut off hand and decapitations, a lot of rat bites, someone with their eyeballs pulled out and a dead crippled cat. The technically altered species is lower in its entirety. It is within one building, it has cheap CGI results and low production value. Acting is not much, but it's not too bad and a special mention of Leah Rowan as Alicia, because it's a bit babe and makes Altered Species just a little nicer and easier to watch ... Altered Species is not especially a good movie, in fact it's pretty bad, but I suppose you could get worse. It's not great, but it might be worth it if you were not too demanding and had nothing else to do.
