Nell Shipman had to pay a heavy sum of money to support Maxwell's off-road capabilities. The story of the film is quite simple, Nell plays a writer who has a bad case of a writer's block and needs inspiration, so he visits Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets the heroine (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who decides to drive a car rather than riding a horse. While Nell visits his father's partner in his mining camp, the gang of local bandits will kidnap her and bring her to the camp deep in the wilderness. The hero has to get to her quickly, so he decides there in his car. This is where the movie is strangling. Bert continues to ride on all terrain, huge rocks, small creeks, heavy bristles, steep tree stalks, steep slopes, etc. For most of the movie, we see that this car is trying to cross the obstacles. Now you think this is not a modern ATV, it's a Maxwell car in 1920, so it looks very out of place as a off-road vehicle. And obviously, for some of the terrain he encounters, he has some limitations, we see that he is holding more than once in this movie. But the creators tried to show that they would beat the chances and eventually get through all the obstacles. Once the hero got into a hidden camp and rescued the girl, he jumped into her car and drove the bandits in hot pursuit (riding) and at that moment I became hysterically entertaining. They watched the car rotate slowly through the giant rocks, clinging to the gravel and the mountain brush, going forward and backward to get enough momentum to get through the fallen tree limbs, the bandits had enough time to get up. But they never do, even though we have to believe that this wilderness hunt goes all night. And in a stupid climax the car climbs up the slope and helps Nell and the hero move the huge boulder to the side to crush the pursuer. When you saw this movie, you think the army should invest in the Maxwell cars in 1920 because they have clearly better off-road capabilities than Hummers and Bradley tanks together. Watch this movie just because you laugh, it's just worth seeing Nella as she grips and says, "You did the best, brave car"
