For me, the only reason I looked at this remake was to see how bad and fun it could be. There was no doubt that it was fun and bad because I saw "Voyna i mir" (1968). We can begin? Here we go ... <br /> <br /> Pierre Bezukhov from Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison - a poor man who lacks the depth of the original; Roberta Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison Natasha Rostov - a scarecrow, her image can cause insomnia; Robert Dornhelm and Andrew Bolkonsky from Brendan Donnison - OK incarnation, which, like the poor man (see above), lacks the depth of the Russian soul and the "struggle inside"; Robert Dornhelm and Napoleon Brendan Donnison - somewhat unbeatable leader; Robert Dornhelm and Prince Bolnons Brendan Donnison - a turd with an English face; Robert Dornhelm and Brendan Donnison Count Bezukhov - paperless freak-show ... <br /> <br /> The other characters are not much better. The movements of the actors and the way look and speak often cruelly. They act as modern EU citizens dressed for one-day camouflage. Everything looks cheap and never approaches the standards of our Russian men and women from the early 19th century. <br /> <br /> A good piece of fun that is hiding and doing fun. When we remembered this modern product, which we showed last night on our TV show, we had a couple of giggles in our office. <br /> <br /> "User Rating: 8.0 / 10 (29 votes)" - Many young people have never seen our movie ("Voyna i Mir" 1968) or have a special sense of quality "Tarantino-Spielberg". Do you remember the scene when our husar rescues his friend, turns around, shoots, and the bridge comes into the boom? It looks like a CGI explosion. There is neither a sense nor a craft to create a better version of a novel once tested in our country. But I would like to watch the Russian remake "Gone with the Wind". Hey, directors, wake up and get busy, instead of breaking our classics. Now back to your common sense. Jokes aside. What I mentioned above is nothing new, even if it is fatally exaggerated. To make foreign actors attempt to pass on to the Russians (participating in very serious epics and dramas), it is a gross mistake and the filmmakers make it a mistake over and over again. Of course, it results in a lot of laughter - especially Clemence Poesy is unpleasantly ridiculous and her dancing and singing makes a Russian viewer think she's "It's so upset that it's funny!"). new, I would like to mention the pace of the film. In my opinion, this new version is very messy. Narratives and scenes are not naturally flowing - they plunge and stand out like in a modern video. Again I have to remember our "Voyna i mir", where the action is so natural and the narration is so easy that you just sit and enjoy "flow with flow". I thought maybe Borodin's battle would be great (in some ways rehabilitate a number of drawbacks), but it turned out to be no match for the war scenes shot in 1968. There should be something good in this movie. And he's here. It seems that actors are working hard to make it work. They did not have a chance at the start, but they still joined the "losers" team. Plus 1 point for this ruthlessness. This makes the Russian spectator uncomfortable - some scenes are ironically ridiculous, even if they are to be dramatically strong and the actors do the best. Everything raises compassion and sometimes laughter. <br /> <br /> What I like after this series is the last part. It shows very lively how everyone gets their "pay and taxes". Besides, when I rated movie trailers, I thought the film would have an adult sexual scene that would surely kill the whole project. Fortunately, it does not have such waste. And that's a big plus. "Voyna i Mir" is not "Harry Potter," and today, not today, here in today's Russia, we do not have enough craft to make the right record. Do I have to say that the moral quality of our lives has deteriorated considerably? Fortunately, the right film was screened during our Soviet period. The American version of the 1950s was to a certain extent justified - we did not exist yet. However, there were extensive circumstances. <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10 (1 point is from the beginning, 1 point goes for recklessness and 2 points for the last part of the series.) Thanks for your attention.
