to create a movie audience - I'm sure I am impressed by the many positive comments that this poor movie has gotten here. I can not realize it, but I can not help, but be suspicious, whether it's the payouts back to the alley for critics who want Annette Bening for an Oscar; the hole in the kitchen ceiling may be more appropriately attributed to its chewy scenery. She is a wonderful actress, but unfortunately it is unbalanced performance, she lacks such a basic film of quality actor must manage to capture the cadence of a screenplay and maintain it for the duration of the incoherent madness that is a movie shot. <br /> <br /> I really do not want to blame Miss Bening or most other artists (Well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no justification for her wise work) because it's a terrible adaptation, the classic case of a bad translation (I'm ready I suppose I did not read the book and I do not think I'll be after her). The script puts us in the middle / confusion of indecent behavior and extreme emotional anxiety, which is hidden from mysterious characters who have not developed relationships with us or others. It quickly becomes a grotesque, excessive tsunami attack that disturbs the characters and the audience and leaves me as a survivor who shakes my head at the detritus that is left at the end of each repeated episode. The shock and astonishment would describe my reaction to the frantic, biopolitical moods between the disgusting and ohmist sensitivities that have been broadcast by one of the most irritating manipulative soundtracks I've heard-that is, if it's not all set on the stupidly indecent toons- you know, but you chose with a staggering ignorance of the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> Know - I can not believe they saw the scenario before signing. They will certainly apply their skills with a commitment - I felt so sorry that the beautiful Jill Clayburgh was sitting with a costume with a pussy bag and a wig that scrawled in vain anything important from the striking and cliché of dialogue. On the other hand, Alec Baldwin seemed somewhat over the material to provide a consistent, nuanced, real performance. Can anyone give this man the leading role of substance, please? And what about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? Do you think the industry could use it better without looking like a hairy man like Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My voice? Standup turd, all right, but no connection with the sky.
