Basically, adopt the concept of every Asian film about the spooky spirit and break it into one and get this movie. The story is as follows: Many college children receive voice messages from their own phones that predict their deaths. Something is happening with ghosts that, if you saw an Asian fantasy movie, are not scary now. This movie was quite upsetting because it is very cliché. It's the same bullcrap, another movie. The game was pretty good. Unfortunately, actors are placed in a very ring-esquire situation, so it's nothing that we have not seen before. But both leadership did a solid job. <br /> <br /> As for the gore, there is not much. We have a great succession that includes a hand that rotates the head (I do not know how to explain it otherwise) but it was cut off so you can see nothing except the final result. You see some blood at a time, including decapitated weapons and zombies (it looked really cool I could add) but this film is not too bloody. Fear in the film is scarce, and it's not really scary. You'll sometimes get scary images, but it's not enough to consider it scary. It's nothing but Ringu, Ju-On, or Dark Water, and it did not even hurt me. That's really the fall of this (and most of the Asian horror films) is that if it does not worry, then it's just not that good. As for overhead, Takashi Miike was still doing pretty good work. He seemed to be a bit tame in this film compared to his previous films, but he still shows a lot of dirty style he's famous for. Many of the pictures were similar to Miike (including a scene with a lot of glasses of dead fruits) and for the last 15 to 20 minutes, Miike seemed much more like the rest of the film. The film, however, is flawed by its indeterminacy. I recommend it only to those people who are on Asian horror films (although you are, I can recommend much better) or to great Miike fans. To point out to those who want to get to Miike, this is not his best job. I give it 4 because it's just average. Perhaps if it was released 4 or 5 years ago, it could be a higher rating. I'd also like to take on Asian horror movies really fast. How come when it's an Asian horror movie, is it here (US)? Many of these films in Japan are equivalent to what Scream, Urban Legends and I know what you did last summer, here in the 1990s. If you've seen one, you've all seen them. And many of these films rely too much on the fears and images that if they do not get the horrors they want to do, then they're just not so good and nothing would change that. More Asian horror films have to be more like Audition and A Tale of Two Sisters, two movies that if they do not scare you or scare you have at least great stories, gaming, direction, cinema and much more to support them. Two movies that are not just great horror movies but great movies in general. More Asian horror films have to be cliché as such: "The spirit just wanted to be found, so it was about killing people through the phone / video cassette / house / electrical appliance / waterworks / google search engine / vibrator / food / etc."
