When attempting to assassinate Emir Ohtar, an Arab potentate who visits Washington, D.C., his life is saved by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis. The Sun becomes a national hero and a media celebrity, and a reward is offered to work that works for the US Department of State Protocol section. However, foreign ministry officials who offer her work have a hidden agenda. The map we see shows that Ohtar lies on the border of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen in the barren desert area known as Rub al-Khali or the Empty Quarter. In real life, the state will have a virtually zero strategic value in this place, but for the purposes of the film, we must admit that Ohtar has a very strategic importance in the Cold War, and that the US government who wants to build a military base must do everything is in their power to maintain the good position of their ruler. It turns out that Emir took fantasies about an attractive young woman who rescued him and concluded an agreement with the Foreign Ministry; may be based on the assumption that Sunny may have the latest addition to its harem. Sunny is a new job is just russe to ensure that Emir has other opportunities to meet her. Such a conspiracy could be an opportunity for some cheerful satire, but in fact the satirical content of the film is rather toned down. Perhaps in 1984 the American public was not in the mood for a dizzying satire about the foreign policy of their country; it was, after all, the year when Ronald Reagan carried the forty-nine out of fifty states in the presidential election, and his hard line with the Soviet Union had clearly disappeared with voters. (If the film a few years later became the result of an Iran / Contract incident, his tone might be different). The film is not so satirical as a vehicle to make Goldie Hawn show its brand of cuteness and charm. Sunshine is a typical Goldie character - a nice, sweet nature, naive and too bright. But there is a limit to how far you can go with cuteness and spell alone, and you can not automatically make the bad movie good by making the front figure a blonde blonde. (In fact, it sounds more like a recipe for a good film being bad). Goldie is trying to save this, but he will never succeed. The reason is the inconsistent way that her character is displayed. On one side Sunny is a sweet innocent girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she's a 35-year-old woman working in a dirty bar and wearing a revealing costume. The effect is more like a performance by Rebecca from Sunnybrook Farm grew up and works as a Bunny Girl. The more important reason why Goldie is unable to save this film is even the best comic or comedy is no better than his material and the "protocol" is simply inoperative. Whatever there is humor, she is tired and tense, relying on insulting stereotypes about Arab men who apparently desire Western women, especially if they are blond and blue-eyed. In the mid-eighties, it was a lot of similar things, as it was a period that also saw the terrible movie Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski "Harem" about a lascivious ruler in the Middle East who kidnapped a young American woman and a miniseries of the same name who told an almost identical story with period settings. It seems that filmmakers have realized that their film will not work as a pure comedy, as it will eventually change on the second day "Mr. Smith goes to Washington." The sun turns from a blonde bimbo into the source of political wisdom and begins to tell a variety of phrases about democracy and constitution and civic duty to vote and we people and how is the price of freedom eternal awake blah blah blah? , but in reality, the film is not more successful than a political parable than it is like a comedy. Goldie Hawn has done a lot of good comedies such as "Cactus Flower", "Overboard" and "Houseitter," but "Protokol" is not one of them, I have not seen all of her movies, but the ones I've seen are the worst comedy of the worst .
