Something about singing was produced at the Grand National Studios, where James Cagney worked during a controversial dispute with the Warner Brothers. He made two films for this studio B, none of which are high in Cagney credits. One of the big losses to the film is the fact that Jimmy Cagney shot so few films that they used their amazing dance skills. Those two who will come to me immediately are Yankee Doodle Dandy and Footlight Parade. Two smaller films include The West Point Story and Never Steal Littlething. Cagney himself said that he had never seen anything but his musicals when he retired. So why did so a few of them? Well, that was all wrong. Something about singing is about a hoofer standing in front of a band that she discovered and received a film contract. There are the usual complications of the captivating studio boss and intelligence intelligence agent played by Gene Lockhart and William Frawley. His contract demands a marriage clause, so Cagney and the singer of the girl Evelyn Daw are marrying secretly. Then we get to the complications of studio romance with the screenwriter Mona Barrie. I think you can imagine where it goes. The most disappointing thing about something to sing is the lack of dance numbers for Cagney. They dance shortly at the beginning and end of the movie and nothing in the middle. Evelyn Daw had a nice singing and charisma of ham sandwich. She got musical numbers like they were. I'm sure the film audience is paying their tickets to Cagney's dance. <br /> <br /> In addition to giving him some dance numbers, the female dance partner would be nice. He danced well with Ruby Keeler in Footlight Parade and Virginia Mayo and Doris Day at The West Point Story. Have not Ginger Rogers, Eleanor Powell or Ruby Keeler been available? <br /> <br /> No unforgettable songs were removed from this. And Daw's voice is also passive. He has a female voice of soprano Jeanette MacDonald who was so out of place with a swing. <br /> <br /> No wonder Cagney went back to Warner Brothers. But they should give him some decent musicals.
