A lot of pictures are being used, not only from Trader Horn but also the first two films in the series (for example, the fight with the alligator was last used), one of the weakest films in the MGM series. It's great to let down the classic Tarzan and his mate, which is perhaps the best movie in the series. The conspiracy of Jane's cousins ​​comes to the jungle to say that she has inherited a fortune if she returns to declare it. They are a bit tied because a relative who has left her money is pulled out of the will. Chasing a big white hunter who secretly wishes to capture Tarzan and sell him, the pair go into the jungle where they encounter the usual jungle troubles (rather because of the serial footage). After many speeches, Jane decides to return to civilization and we get the long sequences of Tarzan and Jame that make a kiss. Finally, a conspiracy to capture Tarzan is finally running in the last half hour, and things eventually became interesting because the plans worsened and the things looked very gloomy for all concerned. A painfully boring film is a clear proof of problem production. the film appears to have been composed of several different films with the first half of the hour playing as an almost exact repetition of the previous movie. The middle third shows signs of having to decompose things and have land that they did not end up doing anyway. The last third, when Tarzan is captured and the party is in jeopardy, is the point at which the film finally comes to life (also showing signs of graphic violence that caused a great need to shoot a movie). For me, it's a great wonder how the series managed to continue from here because this movie is not very good (except for the end). It would be hard to explain to him, except I must say that it was the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan as Tarzan and Jane who were returning people. It's a nice pairing and it's really one of the great couples screens. (I would probably also have mentioned that the film became less real and fantastic with Tarzan's appearance at home.) I do not really like the first hour of this film and I think it is a great waste of time and energy. If you could come to an end, I suggest you try it. Otherwise, I would just skip the whole movie and move on to the next movie in the series.
