In the small American town of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb's list for this character is bad, Dr. Blake is not Dr. Blakely) is the director and founder of the famous Psychological Research Institute and also hosted a local television program called "Independent Thinkers" . He uses this television program to hypnotize the audience and make them commit violent acts. Dr. Blake helps a big brain with a bad face that uses a spinal cord like a tail. Usually, the brain is just sitting in the tank, her mice and a strange dirty actor, every time she gets her a lot bigger. Meanwhile, local teenage genius Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) was caught in the toilet. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake in the PRI to help him with his attitude and behavioral problems. While Dr. Blake hangs up Jim, well, something I'm not sure about. What is, is connected to the brain. Initially, Jim can resist brain control. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and that's a plan. As soon as he gets out of the PRI, Jim starts bizarre hallucinations and crashes the car. Jim is a girlfriend, Janet (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but shortly afterwards, she is handed over by Dr. Verne (George Buza) Blake, Officer Marks (Harry Booker). The Brain wants to kill Jime because he is the only one who can resist the mind control techniques, and with the minds of "Independent Thinkers" going to stand, the brain does not want anything or someone to stop its evil plan of world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain controls the whole city, and he must stop the brain before we take over the world! Ed Hunt, who calls Edward Hunt, Brain, was not as bad as I thought it would be. Do not get me wrong, because it's definitely not great. Barry Pearson's screenplay attempts to knock on a satire with brainwashing and mind control, according to the story of T.V. It moves at a good pace and is not too boring. There is no explanation of the existence of the brain at all, it's just there, and that is, we have to accept it. The story is a bit choppy and never entirely interested in the only element, television control of the mind, brain itself, Jim is being persecuted by the police and his bad behavior and various other small pieces, including the bizarre revelation of Dr. Blake, which is not explained at all. Production Wise This movie looks cheap and was probably cheap. The game is not great, but I've seen even worse and what does David Gale do in this? In fact, this role is similar to that of Gale in the re-animator (1985), even to the death of his character in both films. Mozak himself first sits in the tank and begins to grow whenever someone eats and eventually is quite big. Each phase is made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and is not scary or scary, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it from blinking and you will miss decapitation. Nudity is provided by Dr. Assistant Blake Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she gets to eat. The brain had a certain amount of fun for me, but I think most people would not want it. It may be worth seeing if you can see it for free on T.V.
