The version of this movie I saw was termed "Horror Rises from the Tomb". The horror of this is the evil medieval magician played by the Spanish horror legend, Paul Naschy, appears to play Abanazer in the panto church. He comes out of his grave when a silly descendant (I think he is a descendant who plays Naschas) returns to his native home and connects the magical head and the body that separated the wizards who executed him, trying to stop him, er, rising from grave. <br /> <br /> It is obvious that as soon as the head and body are back together, all the hell will be released and a lot of people will die. Like all good wizards, Abanazer has a beautiful assistant. This one played another great Spanish horror, a beautiful helga line. Just like practically every other woman in the movie Line regularly takes a set. There's a lot of nudity on this film, not just women - we even look at Naschy's lazy body, which is not a nice look, I can tell you. Most of the sexual angle of the movie is cheerful. There's one particularly funny scene where Naschy and Line are discussing their bad plans and then suddenly decide that they both have a huge young blonde they had. <br /> <br /> It's also a nice place on the site - especially Herschell Gordon Lewis-esquire when Lin throws his hands into the chest of a man to remove his heart. The best part of the movie is a fairly effective zombie that will rise to the end. They are quickly frightened fire, though, and do not bother to come back. Which is a pity. The scene where zombies are growing is the most absurd moment of the film. Everything is happening in a long shot and we really did not have a clue about what is going on until we see some characters that accumulate from afar. There are a few moments like this, mainly due to the poor adjustment. When a laborer falls under the hypnotic spell of Naschy's head, there is a large face close up that seems to last forever and makes no sense. Overall, it's not a big movie of horror, but fun enough. Of course, the version I saw was an American version that was probably cut into pieces. For everything I know, the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece ...
