It is said that girls like COYOTE UGLY more than boys. And the reasons are obvious when the thing is. The Jersey girl goes to New York to become a songwriter. And after the initial frustration that they are not lucky, they hear some girls who attended about $ 300 that they did last night. They get bankrupt at the bar they work on, and they'll be surprised! The place is full of "two-year-old toddlers" that burst when they look at the kids dancing. The story is not bad and some characters are appealing, especially Cammie (part of "Fashion Coordinator" was cute) and ejector, but say the drama was terrible and totally ridiculous from the start. Violet and her father looked too ridiculous to concentrate on the whole movie. And look how Violet on this keyboard with the dancer dancer is too stuck! <br /> <br /> For the first time, I could think about how the production could be so awesome? For a short while with this film Hollywood could stand on both legs and show the new low without any big public scream without saying, "You were warned!" Instead, it seems that COYOTE UGLY has a meaningful intent to try to kiss all the great backs of the world. Babes ads in the bar, but showing thin paper "Watch Your Dream" story disappointed every teen teenager you are targeting! And finally, music. There was absolutely no break in the music I found in this film, especially when it was needed (hospital scene). Every scene felt like some short music video you would only want to stop until the bar is closed. But the climax was the ultimate laugher: in the eighties, as if you were expecting Cyndi Lauper to jump on the stage and fire with Violet. Heck, I personally thought Bon Jovi would jump out with long hair and jam too! Other than some really smart camera to work with the coyotes of a girl when dancing (especially wet scenes), and a couple of cute clichés, COYOTE UGLY is something that is purely embarrassing. Whether you watched it or did it, it was not just a time of killing. Or wasting as you look at it.
