To say that Thunderbirds is haunted, forced, in his face, ugly look, unpleasant listening and painful watching the movie would not say enough. There are only two reasons why I think why you would watch this movie: 1; you saw the Thunderbirds when you were young (just like me) and they are curious about what it is, but you really will just watch to see how bad they did. Or 2; you see it with someone under the age of ten. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds can do everything they can. The list goes on, but there are other subtle, degrading things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. Since shutdown, Thunderbirds are bad, bad, bad. The whole moral message and "goal" are set in an unbearable way: Jeff Tracy tells his youngest son, Alan, that he did not prove to be Thunderbird when Alan accidentally and foolishly decided to go down to Tracy Island fire fires Thunderbird One. The entire film is then a series of events and miss-fires made up of Alan who tries to prove while his father and other brothers are trapped in space on board Thunderbird 5. The film leans on children, film: 16-year-old Alan Tracy (Corbet) 16-year-old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14-year-old Fermat (Fulton), who is the son of a brain. To say that watching "adventures" that get into pain is an understatement. They often try to act and use the screenplay and fight the evil "Hood" (Kingsley) in absurdly unfunny and hammock ways as fun for the duration of the film; they differ when everyone is in another place. Also the whole thing of "mind control" was very tiring and basically dragged the film down because it was overused and offered the way to our heroes to see the weakness in The Hood? forced and accidental. I know most movies for kids are trying to integrate some material for adults today, but in Thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishizes Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's no coincidence that he's a little older than the other kids. at the age of 24 it is almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often highly charged and bear erotic pressure. We see her in the bathtub, bubbling on my neck and watching TV; she comes to her with the butler and slipps when the channels with a wet, bare and bubbly-covered leg change seductively. Frequent shots of her massive, bright pink high heel shoes fill the screen in different scenes: First it happens when she is really tied to the other children during a fist fight with another woman! With this twin, her bright pink costumes, which they reveal enough and yet cover, are particularly excellent, as well as the way she moves and speaks with this obedient, dominant, English accent; It sounds like a commanding lady (Well, she is still LADY Penelope? and you better make sure you call it) The whole thing is ridiculous, but the editing is so fast that the kids will not notice it, but that's definitely like the hell there. The actual plot The Hood does everything he does just to rob a couple of banks, he is very bizarre, figures that are his bodyguards: a strangely looking woman and a hard black man who gets a lot of upset. Do we laugh at it? What about the battle scenes? Bad choreographed pieces and what the hell was that stupid sounds? It's totally, totally ridiculous. The list goes on. The way Bill Paxton plays everything as if he were told they were doing it unilaterally, but it was different as the Ford Motor Company has its logo everywhere. Newsletter: Sponsored by Ford, the camera even moves to support Ford several times when the cars are shot, how does CGI look like something from a computer video clip? that's annoying. The fact that we are convinced that a 16-year-old girl can swim in the frozen Thames, against the rescue and rescue of the destroyed monorail (monorail through the Thames!), Returns to the hatch, and so; save the whole day to hold your breath. Is it an absolute bull and the creators know it? I do not even know if she would be 10 years old. <br /> <br /> Briefly: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds is annoying, inoperative, poorly sketched, and even Rolls Royce was driven out and replaced by a flying car? everything that can go wrong has gone wrong.
