The original Thunderbirds gained a place in the history of television. It was and still is very beloved - the first 10 minutes of Wallace and Gromit (Wererabbit) are direct Thunderbirds up to the direct launch of the original Thunderbird startup sequence 2 "Do not believe me, make a movie and then copy the original episode where Thunderbird is running 2. " This film was an unsettling attempt to create a children's movie - when the original was loved and enjoyed by children and adults! In the original Thunderbirds they spent all their time saving people who were often imprisoned when mother nature or technology was terribly wrong (yes, there was also an occasional crime). Thunderbirds threatened their own lives and resources for no reward - the very essence of heroism and selflessness. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds to some extent attacked the imagination - how many of us would ever dream of having Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of the fun to do it - many Japanese attributed their fascination with humanoid robots to the old Astroboy caricature. But this film was a bad takeover of the original. This movie appeared as a link between Thunderbirds and Loony Tunes - I think we have Anthony Edwards as Brain Imitating Porky Pig's Stuttering ????? Most of the action is Kung Fu / Power Rangers. In fact, fun sound effects appeared when somebody came up with a pan. The technology that fired our imagination was missing - instead, we have these kids running around, using devices that were NEVER in the original series (with the whole team immediately going out and leaving the base occupied by children and Brain). Then there was a mystical dose of "Use the power of Luke" when TinTin levitated something or something, coupled with Hood using aerodynamics that seemed to be lifted from the "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon." All that was missing was for The Hood to go "TinTin, I'm your uncle" by the voice of camouflage. The heart that was unique to the Thunderbird was GONE. <br /> <br /> The only clear point was Ron Kook's portrait of Parker - he caught him perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope came as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And that's why we hate this movie. When someone releases something that's popular on a fan base and expects fans to exchange money to watch and then deliver something that's not even close to what fans expect - well, sorry, that's just plain awkward ! OK, so if they make a children's movie - all right - next time you share it on a video where many of them are. But do not use something in the familiar packaging and change the inside.
