"Thunderbirds" was an incredibly popular show of the 1960s that overcame years and generations until it is still as popular with both adults and children as it did in its time of bloom. So you could take the opportunity to produce a live-action feature film with millions of pounds. The Hollywood budget was an excellent opportunity to revive the series, as was the case for "Spider-Man" and "The X-Men". But a terrible story and an unfriendly actor's performance discarded this opportunity, and it soon became clear that all that was meant for this film was a trip to a bargaining suitcase from the children's section. Instead of a film focusing on the film of five Tracey's sons, their father and trusted chief Brain are trying to save people and protect the world from villains, our hero in this kind is dirty and 13-year-old Alan Tracey, fourteen-year-old Tin-tin and ten- -box Fermat, son of Brains (yes, the son of a brain despite that was a man who would never score a woman if he tried, perhaps he had grown up in a petri dish). As can be seen from the intersection of our three characters, this remake of 2004's "Thunderbirds" was apparently aimed at playing only children under the age of twelve rather than attempting to reach a broader age because those who are involved in a more spirited "Spider-Man " he did it. The fence itself was such a fearless, clumsy, clumsy dialogue and weak jokes that probably will not have a brighter pre-teenager. The screenwriter seems to be more interested in re-casting "Spy Kids" (which was at least surprising and original) instead of reworking the show people know and love. Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they had only three lines between them, so their presence barely felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just boring and there were only the smallest mention of the other four guys Tracey, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, like Brains and Hood, were just embarrassing. Especially Hood is not at all threatening or sinister, and instead appears as a camper, a two-point stereotypical villain who is as crazy as a piece of rotten salad. Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may be a good young actor, but it was hard to see that in a movie where a clapping kid is playing, and like Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-tin, because the most he does nice and be everything for "Girl Power". Ironically, he is a young Soren Fulton's Fermat, who is the only interesting figure in the film because Fulton delivers natural and relaxed performance. "The Thunderbirds' series will forever be remembered as an excellent show that proves the puppets can give solid performances!" The Thunderbirds "movie will be forgotten most and remembers it as a big flop.
