I always thought most of the huge boxes usually have something they recommend, but after the Around the World remake for 80 days and Thunderbirds I'm starting to doubt. For those who are not familiar, a puppet show about a family of astronauts using state-of-the-art missiles, spaceships and boats to save people from various disasters (falling bridges, wounded aircraft, incinerators, etc.). Well, the puppets are gone (replaced by much more soulless adolescents), as well as the assumption - just one fearlessly executed salvage and conspiracy disfigured from Spy Kids without any sign of imagination, joke or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels left behind all the rescue actions that have never seen other Traceys, because his father will not let him play a real rocket until he passes his test. It is based on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!). His chances are coming when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical blond blondes who look like a gay neo-Nazi guy band without any characterization - are stuck in space and he must have a day by running through the jungle, phoning, burning a hose in unruly comic aiding villains, and drawing them to the wrong condition. <br /> <br /> Good points are a little and far. One is that the movie is mostly in the spotlight. The second is that everyone has to go to the Seychelles, which looks nice. Bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley is a lowpoint career? The above-mentioned inappropriate comic reliefs, which would defame the Children's Film Foundation in the worst condition? Almost a complete lack of action or effects in the $ 70 million sci-fi movie? Terrible scenario, motionless direction, abominable moralizing? But above all, it is the fact that the film is so patronizing. Forget the lessons of life and what is happening, this is a movie focused directly on forty-eight people who know they are making a children's film and constantly speaking to their intended audience, throwing funny routines and routines that would offend most children who only have recently mastered the art of speech. This movie could replace the mission to bed early without their dinner as a favorite punishment for children for children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop in British film history (not even the cost of printing and marketing) is only observable if only as a lesson in how to make a summer movie.
