Johnathan Frakes is a good actor, and when he does not manage a family movie, he is a great director. But he really should not drive this movie and the script should be rejected. The director and writers must understand what the TV show was about, as well as who the characters are and how they work. The original series had many episodes with sharp writing, thanks to a good dialogue and situations that American producers would never think about using in children's programming, making it much less a film that adults did the original series so well. I think Tracys were college graduates and some of them even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco! And there were figures that killed themselves, though most of them were bad. If they wrote it the way it was originally done, which is not a stupid thing with inadequate conversation, kindergarten humor and weak conspiracy, this Universal / Studio Canal joint venture would not have bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movie is almost pure blasphemy. If you've seen the original Supermarionation series then you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that was extraordinary and bulletproof was the constant references to the Ford Motor Company, even so far that Lady Penelope was driving around in a disfigured Ford Thunderbird that looked like FAB-1 instead , what would be more appropriate to Mrs. Penelope's station (not to mention that we will be more faithful to the original), ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. He is supposed to be a respected member of British society and therefore prefers the best-quality English car brand in the original series. One other reviewer here showed that Penelope would not be caught in Ford. It's quite right in the context that the idea of ​​her driving on Ford does not work. At least, they could have Penelope's Jaguar ride, which consists of FAB 1, because Jaguar is a British car owned by Ford, but not! They had to use straight FORD! But the placement of Ford does not end there. EVERY one car that you can see is Ford! Even the news flash, which is shown on TVs in the movie, was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! Ford's dominance makes this film an obvious marketing vehicle for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still before today. But futuristic design in the original series worked because it tried to make the design look practical and functional. This kind of treatment did not exist in a movie where everything is stylized to surplus, to defeat a sense of functionality and practicality. Many things that have been done in the film's design have been done strictly for style, many times without a sense of function that gives this style a sense of reason. The original series relied on good acting vocal talents to overcome limited expressions in puppets and bring them to life in episodes. Barry Gray's brilliant and lively music score has helped connect the story, characters, and everything else to help achieve the ultimate goal (a bit of Stanislav's interview). On the other hand, the film had some performances. Anthony Edwards overpowered Brains, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy just did not work despite decent acting (one of the few), Hood better choices than Ben Kingsley and many others I did not have to mention (it would take too long). Simply, puppets were more credible! The other was the overwhelming and stunning music script Hans Zimmer, which sounds more like a mix between "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course, Hood. Hood in the original series had the ability to communicate with Kyran through the statue of Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact. But that's where his extraordinary ability has ended. He is a master of camouflage and deception that lets him slip around an undetected (much of it anyway) to get information about Thunderbirds for his own means. He uses guns for his own defense, including pistols, and collects information through a movie camera, though he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s by United Artists by releasing "Thunderbird 6" (which was the last performance of Thunderbirds filmed in Supermarionation the second Thunderbirds theatrical release). But while he is a nemesis of international rescue, Hood is not a villain in every episode of Thunderbirds, and he tends to avoid a direct confrontation with international rescue. The movie appears to be a major villain, but he and his cohorts seem more like fools, along with Hood with an expanded ability to control the mind, including the ability to move objects and move on for a short period of time. This deviates completely from Hood as characters in the original series with one that lets kids laugh and people get acquainted with this series by scratching their heads in confusion or abandoning the theater. There are more criticisms, but the 1000 word limit for IMDb rating will not let me know them all. So I come to the conclusion that I did not like this movie. In fact, I think it will upset! When I saw the original series and Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6, I was hoping for something better. <br /> <br /> The original Supermarionation was much more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce. (And that's what he's saying.) - Kip Wells
