I'm not a fan of a series of Left Behind books - the books are written at a level of reading 6th with a lack of research and understanding of science, technology and politics. While books can remain faithful to the script, their methods of fulfilling the prophecy are often ridiculous (an example being their explanation for the Russian / Arab invasion of Israel). Books also have an unmistakable preaching tone that lists unbelievers rather than bring them to the gospel. Still, I found myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of revelation. For similar reasons, I watched this film adaptation. I am sad to say that it is rather an average film bordering the poor. The game is quite decent for the most part, with occasional bits of bad acting and exaggeration. The script is rather bad, though it's hardly unexpected when we start with the novel as the basis. Characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. Events are scattered and disconnected. Dialogue sometimes sounds stupid. At least in the book he managed to complete his hockey conspiracy theory. Browser here leaves an incoherent mess that only makes sense when he reads the book. The movement of the film is also very poorly executed with opening and closing seemingly extremely hurried, and the middle drag on an unbearably slow trudge that makes it feel cushioned. Music is schizophrenic. Occasionally he underlines the mood and sounds appropriate for the movie. In other moments, it reminds me of the sitcom and the mini-series. And yet another bits are reminded of the MPEG soundtrack, which just does not belong in the movie. I can put panic on a plane, but that's all. Other scenes involving seizures after a seizure are far from convincing. The film also suffers from a sermon book, although his message is not so in your face. Overall, I found the film as disappointed as the series. This is not a movie that would gather Christians around him. I hope that this film will not pay attention in the theaters next year. It will be unnecessarily poor publicity for Christianity. As an example of a compelling, intelligent, well-researched Revelation series that represents a realistic and Christian view of the world without insulting the secular reader (which should, after all, be a Christian who seeks to achieve), read the Chris Clone trilogy James BeauSeigneur. It's great reading and is a much better choice for non-believers or believers who appreciate quality.
