Never before have the film producers' motives been more transparent. Let's look at: FIRST, every willing TV channel gets to complicate this movie as the biggest thing from sliced ​​white bread. NEXT, encourage the most fundamentalist Christians to buy copies of the film to regain their miserable production costs and run out of their advertising budget. Finally, when the film attacks the theaters, they can get as many Christians as possible to see it again, if necessary, by bus to multiplexes, not on the basis of the film itself, but because box # 1 is seen as a deep spiritual victory. But, of course, it will not be enough. I imagine that any film critic with the courage to give "Left Behind" something out of the brilliant overview will be considered "anti-Christian." Of course, this inexorably manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. It is the end of good old-fashioned capitalism at work. What surprised me is how many people got into the whole "Left Behind" idea. As a person who strives to balance his spiritual beliefs with a certain sense of reason and rationality, he lets me scratch my head. There seems to be many, many people who really believe that there will sometimes be a "Raptura" in the near future, and that millions of people all over the Earth will disappear simultaneously into the THIRD AIR. What real fact, I know, are these people who live? Is it a "bang" thing that they really believe, or is it something they would like to believe? And when they get to the end of their lives and realize that this will not happen, "Rapture," will they be disappointed and disillusioned? Will there still be people who claim to be "Rapture" immediately in 100 years? <br /> <br /> I would like something like this to happen! What an interesting day it will be! It would be more interesting if the Apocalypse appeared much more spectacularly, not in the anthropological sense, as the authors of the "Left Behind" series appeared, but rather the production of Stephen Spielberg with boiling clouds, trumpets, angels descending from the sky, Moon turned to blood, nine yards. Imagine that it is coming to the knowledge that it has all become true, just as the evangelists have warned for years, and that there is something more amazing than the cold, hard and physical reality we inhabit. Would not it be something? ????????? My life is not so insignificant that I need the fear of "Rapture" and "End Times" to understand it all ... I do not need Heaven or Hell to bribe or scare me to behave well, thank you very much.
