Well, now I know that there are millions of Americans who believe in The Rapture: the moment when all the people who are born again in Christ will be taken to meet God and all the other human beings will remain on earth to perish in wounds and fire, and heart fracture of psoriasis when Antichrist fights with Jesus (in an unusually combat regime). And I know books are the best sellers. . All believers. And I do not mean any disrespect for all this. But I have to say that you stuffed this film into a sack and beat him with a sucking stick. <br /> <br /> I'm sure the books are much better. Really. <br /> <br /> Data is not needed. ΞοightЛо Systémното Systém Všechnyното Všechny HellSЛ anumitekosti Νοεμβρίου 2010 Maybe I'm one of the only people on Earth who really looked at it just because of the wrong move, and I was not disappointed. Especially not Kirk Cameron, the haunted little Growing Pains gremlin who came to this show, found Christ and decided that SHOW should reflect his Christian values. Well, Kirk, your career went to the dogs, but now you can be happy to spread God's word in movies so badly that they are not even able to release the theater. Well, that's not entirely true: I think it was the only movie ever to be shot on DVD FIRST, with a voucher for free viewing the movie when he was briefly released in theaters! I still have a voucher! How many people did you think it turned out? I do not know about you, but it never happened to me. Of course I live in NYC, where the ungodly liberals sat around the scraping pages of the Bible and used them to swing their joints. So you go there. In fact, betting on three million people on Manhattan Island, no one would bother. Check out additional DVD material to learn about the ghostly backstage of these films. . CAST and CREW must have the same religious sense. They do not come straight and say it, but listen carefully to what the filmmakers say. It's like a lot of people who joined together to create a movie Pod. How is creepazoid? Quite frankly, this thing just reports to the reversed, is not it? Can you imagine someone who does not speak to the whole apocalyptic thing watching it, slapping on her forehead and saying, "HOLY HOOVER DAM! I better save PRONTO!" Anyway, I'm damn. I have to see the rest of these Christian fiasco films, especially with Gary Busey, who in my opinion is TRIBULATION. At least Busey has an apology for choosing. He worked his head on some pavement when he hit his motorcycle. Oy. And one more thing. What is happening with all the shots of the poor, innocent dogs wailing, their guides stretching unnecessarily along the ground, because their owners were called to heaven? What's wrong with that? Do we feel bad for dogs, and if so, what should we do from God? Does not the IRK have people that there is no place for the best friend of man in heaven? Foo. <br /> <br /> This is one more reason I'm agnostic. Good night and good luck.
