It's the first time I've seen it, so I've been watching the second movie again with him. While I realize that there is a third movie I have not seen before, I will review it under the original name ... <br /> <br /> Just from the point of view of production value, screen writing and film making, this film fails on many levels, even if he does a few. What can you expect from a low-budget "B" movie? Not much, and it works in terms of production. However, the script is certainly not centered, little in the way of character development ... exactly what I would expect if it was a movie program. I had no problem with acting ... the cast is solid; the scenario in both films gives the actors a small opportunity to actually reach out. Since the film is "Christian," it's predictable because you can not very well describe violent chaos of "end times" without breaking some ethics that are usually associated with Christianity. In other words, the mistake comes from the fact that we do the G-rated movie when content, even in the most conservative biblical interpretations, will be R-rated by some measure. So if the film's aim is to scare people into Christian faith, then the film should be somewhat scary, right? However, you can not comment on a movie adaptation from a book without commenting on a book or in this case a series of books. Certainly there is a lot of Christian material worth filming ... but not "Left Behind" ... and these films eventually fail, because while bestselling are badly written novels based on bad theology. As Minister of Southern Baptism, I admit that books were a pleasure for me, even though I have not finished the last two books of the series. I described them as a decent fiction, and if the books were based on the view that it was one "possibility" or an interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (study of the "end"), then I would live with it. , this series is divided into Christian circles because it supports a "literalist" interpretation of the entire Scripture over a more appropriate hermeneutic, which inevitably leads to a "pre-tribal, millennial" dispensational perspective that limits everything - God should not need our helicopters and bombs but because many people, especially untrained Christians, can not think of their own world views, we remain with a pro-conservative, fundamentalist attitude to the interpretation of the Bible, and we try to promote it as a "single" interpretation. Books carry a program, not that the "lost" understands their need for Christ, but declare that the fundamentalist view is the only valid way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly reading (a few years ago) in the second novel of the scene where the characters refer to the person who was "left" because she did not touch this view; as if the "true" Christians who were to be "uprooted" could not hold further eschatology. This is troubling for several reasons, the smallest of which is because "remorse" is briefly mentioned in the Scriptures, and it is a conjunction with a real prophecy at the end of time, which is at best unclear. <br /> <br /> But the real problem with these books comes as they divide the Christian community and show "true" Christian behavior. Finally, I think they are burdening more people to otherwise legitimate beliefs / religions instead of winning people to do so. He turns all Christians into cartoons, as despised and mournful of the world, despite the fact that there is a theological space in Christian thinking and practice for a wide variety of believers. As a Christian body we have done so much that we have suffered more than 2,000 years of history for society ... and we certainly do not need to promote it to thousands, maybe millions more. </ p> <p> <br /> <br /> The "Left Behind" films fail because the "Left Behind" books are not rated as movies.
