The Legend of Bloody Jack is located in the Alaskan wilderness and begins as a relative of a murderous deceased occultist. Lumberjack reads The Evil Dead (1982) from an ancient magic book in an effort to resurrect him, succeeded and was not a great believer in family unity, Lumberjack dying kills his relative. Two days later, Ray (Travis Quentin Young) and her sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and four of their friends pull out for a cozy cabin (The Evil Dead ...) in the wild. Unfortunately, killer Lumberjack Dude appears with his ax and begins killing his friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edged, written, executive produced and directed by Todd Portugal it is quite rotten modern slasher like killing me horror genre , I'm not just a big fan of low-budget fervent films with holiday video production values. The script is totally horrible in all directions for 80 minutes, has all the bad slasher clichés, the character is horrible, the dialogue is horrible, and it's hard to take care of someone or anything in this rather invaluable excuse for a teen movie slasher. Teens are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is much more sad, predictable and erroneous than usual, and the Lumberjack killer is just lame. So it's about the last 10 minutes, which means that if you are doing so far and you think it's hard, it produces one of the worst curses ending in the history of Slasher films that, as far as I am concerned, we like the crying audience that he just had to sit after 90 minutes of crap. Now I'm going to spoil the end so anyone who does not know will stop reading now. Basically, just before the end of the movie, it tells back to Ray story telling, and it turns out to tell the story of what we just saw and Nick & Dawn and everyone else berates him when they tell such a bad story of pain) and then continue taking the holes and laugh at it. Because of why they stood up and claimed why they did not take the ax and things like that, I felt that they were enjoying the audience because it was the things I asked myself when I was following these bullshits and letting it go throat and clearly stated that the creators knew the script was dirty and saw all the holes in it and went to the end of the end that tirelessly thwarted the previous 80 minutes (which we just had to sit down and remember) is just a little grid. After you add an insult to the injury, Lumberjack Dude discovers and kills everyone within two minutes, why not? It would save a lot of time. The director of Portugal turns into a real mess, it has the worst continuity between the night and the day in the movie I've ever seen. The entire movie is set to set at night and I suspect the creators tried to use the day for the night process but it did not work and most of it seems to be set during the day. See, for example, when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom and climbs out the window. It is clearly black outdoors when looking from the inside of the bathroom, but when it falls to the ground and shoots the films on the outside, the daylight is bright. So there's a fact that Ranger Vince says we can not get the search party out of the way until 'morning' means it's supposed to be the night, then a few minutes later when it goes out and it looks like it's in the middle of the day actually carries around the burner, which is clearly clear and he clearly shows it in the direction where it looks like at night. Whenever a scene appears in the window, it is black outside black, and when Ranger walks through the door, it is another clear example. The continuity of this movie is simply the worst I've ever seen. There are not many gore, there are several scenes of mower in human bodies, but nothing unforgettable. It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere, and the terrible continuity of the day and night night is so disturbing because it is so obvious. Technically, the film is a rock bottom, again, the connection between night and day has to be seen as believing how bad it is. The special effects are bad and can not even allow the show blow car, even though it is quite important for the plot. It has an amateur hour written after it from beginning to end. The acting is absolutely brilliant and everyone involved should get an Oscar, just joking, they were not really horrible, and even the girls who got their breasts were not very good looking. Legend Bloody Jack is just a terrible movie with a teenager, it looks like it was shot on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or steadycam, it has terrible effects, it's boring and has a curved end that is either the most insulting in the history of horror or I'm totally wrong the most promising. Not recommended, watch a decent slasher from the seventies or eighties to remind you how to be done.
