I would say right away that I checked the spoiler box just because I am giving this comment a lot of thought proportional to what this film mess is deserving and I do not want to be responsible for the fact that some point of plot will slip away accidentally. <br /> <br /> This note will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that I'm still under the influence of this movie when I was just watching it and the unique effect that causes one of the incompetent of that kind of image and structure of paragraphs for coherent and reasoned criticism. This is not a compliment. It's not the narcotic effect of a really hypnotic or a thought-provoking film. The uplifting feelings consist of an unpleasant emotional Voltron, which consists of a confused combination of some form of anger, a vague desire for showering, a perfect, sinking sense of true betrayal when they realize that they have given them 109 minutes of their lives to the hand of someone who would not only empty them, but he did so in a pompous, soulless way. And I probably would not do anything superproductive with such a 109 minute! But even if I spent on something trivial, like a powerful block of masturbation and online poker, I would feel more fulfilled when everything was said and done. Problems with this film are countless, and in better moments I would say exactly what it was in the semi-adult way. But in line with what this film deserves, I think it is most likely to stick to the field of masturbation of jokes and cartoon links. The most irritating and terminal flaw is that when watching this movie one is dizzyingly that creators and actors think they are making smarter movies than they are. To demonstrate the depth of knowledge you can gain in one semester of Western Art History Survey at a community school or business school, artistic jargon is accumulated on a dense and all-round side, and much of it gives an interview with our heroes (Willem Dafoe) I forgive him because he is Willem Dafoe) and his acclaimed antique business friend Blair (Peter Stormarem, who has taken a break from playing sociopaths for whom murder is easy by a large fence in a film about a sociopath for which murder is easy) . And speak. In fact, we are relegated to this story on the scene, which may indicate the rediscovery of the serial killer. Stan thinks he killed years before, so all the mysterious story is partly based on a vague memory, but mainly through the tight conversations between Stan and his dealer, or Stan and his colleague, the inexplicably irritating Carl (Scott Speedman). And although I have characterized Carl (Scott Speedman) from an actor playing with brackets, I have to admit that I really despised this character very soon in the film so much that I actually found myself honestly wishing the damage to an actor to show him (Scott Speedman). Not much fantasy. No death or paralysis, necessarily .. But maybe herpes? Or could he get to the stage and crush his hand? This is a dangerous deviation, but I'm not doing it because I want to let someone read who thinks they will pay for seeing this wreck a wreck of the movie with a clear impression of the terrible wishes and feelings that are being raised by the most quiet person. Well, I'm a little exhausted here ... during writing this sick feelings this film brought up in me has retreated, my head has calmed down somewhat. I realized I was still investing time in something related to this piece of sh! T, is surprisingly similar to waking up after a night of suicidal heavy drinking next to the rising form of a still sleeping 200 pounds undergraduate. Your first desire is a desperate desire to escape. That's natural.
