Even smaller if possible than the original (I hope I can say that according to IMDb instructions). FRENCH CONNECTIONS at least tried to absorb European influences and complicate the conventional view of the US police detective, even if the attempt was confused with Friedin's inconsistency, America, and the general focus. The relative boom in the 1960s (especially with the new vague) has made the European cinema in Hollywood a huge influence. This has brought new strength and complexity to the tired media and to the best (such as BONNIE AND CLYDE, early Scorcese) new subversive accepted practice. The original CONNECTION was part of this movement, with its difficult distance style and anti-detective character. The pair is an old Hollywood right-wing greeting of American values. This is captured in the very tiresome film America vs. France dialectics. For example, TWO is shot as a French policeman from the 1970s. The French, of course, insisted on the size of American films when they were ignored at home, which is in a sense reclamation, warning against the Gallic assumption. This can be seen in the pattern of two films. The union has French gangsters who attack New York with a French style that shakes the American thriller - this leads to the dissolution of the detective and the failure to respect the conspiracy - Baddie has gone away. <br /> <br /> TWO has an American return to France, with American thriller values ​​stored on the original genre - Detective power is confirmed and conventional resolution is reached. This is even more dramatic in Doyle's relationship with French inspector Barthelmy, whose dominant influence must shake before he can control the conspiracy. It seems that two of them are watching the original by undermining his detective hero. From the beginning, Doyle's importance shrinks at every step. Despite the ending of the connection, he is considered a hero. But he is an American in a foreign country, and his inability to control language or habits means he can not conquer the plot. He even redistributes the stamps of the police force, misinforms the criminal and lets him kill. <br /> <br /> The detective power comes from his power as an object to see and interpret, but Doyle spends a lot of the movie being watched, controlled, object, body (literally in scenes after Charnier throws it), which is to be seen and interpreted. In joints, he started an action, pursued criminals and enforced a conspiracy; here it is passive, tied to the bed, locked in the cell, addicted, dependent. This loss of phallic power is predictably symbolized by the loss of a weapon and the film follows the depressively known Oedipal trajectory. In heroin sequences, she is pleased with the old lady who says she looks like her son. His drug status is like a return to the uterus, excluded from adult pressure. Her observation strengthens the timelessness of this state, which is twice as important for a man whose career depends on time schedules and precision. Oidipus was the first detective, and to avoid his fate, Doyle must reject this false mother who dissolves his unified identity and kills his father (Charnier) in order to accept his adopted male role in society. Psychoanalytic theory was popular with academics in the 1970s (ironically incited by Frenchman Jacques Lacan), but rarely seeing the movie so literally full. <br /> <br /> If all these facts are meant to minimize Doyle, then the movie style does not. Friedkin has separated us from his hero by refusing empathy or motivation, focusing on plotting mechanics. Here's Doyle a very conventional Hollywood hero. Instead of being lost in a dark long shot, it is obvious to the viewer and comprehensible to traditional devices - shoots, close ups, shots, etc. Two are all the fall and rise of Popeye Doyle. Plot in this case is subordinate to the actor, which is the usual hackman standby. Cold turf scenes, in spite of their boring, are not worrying. We are allowed to share rather than to watch coldly; it is much less uncomfortable experience. The scenes are also filmed with lachrymose manly sentimentality, which is very American. <br /> <br /> So when CONNECTION tried to imitate the complex thrillers Jean Pierre Melville, TWO does the opposite. Melbourne LE SAMOURAI was a gangster who began the film a whole, powerful, external language, and mapped his eventual decay. TWO begins with a disintegrated character, partly by incompetence with a language whose predominance begins when it goes out of language - the final action sequences are mostly wordless. <br /> <br /> In the movie, the language and language are important because they fixed and undermine the detective, but how it regained its strength (when returning the weapon and cataract burning of the primary site vulnerability, the tower block where Charnier kept it) Marseilles is becoming less and more relevant, and the mythical situation that can take place anywhere has taken over. Compare the ends of the two films: one admits ambiguity and despair, the second absolute certainty. <br /> <br />
