I went to the Videopůjčovna and I looked around to find some Horror films, after about 30 minutes I hurried and chose a couple. I went to "Masters of Horror," which included "Pro-Life" and "The Right to Die". I thought it was all right, old cheese horror horror, but for some reason I was interested. It was said that Pro-Life is the case of a classic, a return to form for John Carpenter (I loved his "Thing", so I thought it would be good) and all. So I turned it when I thought it would be something big and interesting that I was not doing well ... It started to be informal, just a girl walking through the wood, terrified by something. The car stops and picks up (just the people they need to see are amazing?) They take her back to a clinic and examine her, at the same time everything happens when her father appears at the gate and do not let him in , is not nearby. Probably something he would have done in the past, but you do not know anything about it right now. He really does not want his daughter in this place, the center of abortion. He is very strong against such acts, believing that it is bad, and not what God would want. "Supports" what I've heard is called Pro-Life. To act against abortion and go to extremes to allow children to be born, they are ill. They do not like the life of an unborn man but have killed people in the past to allow birth? Justice is just the result of the mind. Anyway, back to the track, after examining the girl, she finds she is pregnant, but far ahead than she should be. She's only a few weeks pregnant, but it's a few months ago. He tells them that they understand that he wants to have an abortion and everything, but eventually he tells the truth that he is raped by a demon of hell and that her father wants this baby (but he believes that "God" wants this baby, not who he really does). He gets his 3 sons (with the Pistols and the Shotgun) and starts making it into the clinic (down for anyone who does not work). The head of the clinic, who has faced problems in the past, is well prepared this time. He ends up killing one of his father's sons, but eventually shoots several times (wearing a bullet proof jacket). The father then does what he believes is done to women. It cuts a hole where the Vagina is, if we were a Woman, and there's a radiant thing there, and it's gonna drain the whole blood. While it's all happening, the girl gives birth to a demoniac baby with many legs, and a Demon rises underground (not in the same room) and starts looking for her baby. My father sees it later and begins to question why it happened, did what he was told, and did not understand why it was like that. Demon kills both sons earlier, and now he's a father ... While the girl kills a baby and the Demon takes her away (not in the same scene). Yeah, it probably sounds pretty cool and exciting Horror movie, but it's not. The game is terrible and lacks enthusiasm, the script is boring and is not creative, chooses bad characters and does not even come out of them; just everything together, all the small parts, nor can you add to something great, a waste of time. I do not intend to think of it as a horror, even though it has elements of Horror, they eventually fail in what they are trying to succeed. I felt more like a "Beginner" short film than John Carpenter. I apologize for the lack of information and detailed insight, just did not have time to waste something exciting. I also apologize for my spelling and details being incorrect, I could not really bother to explore something.
