I was looking forward to Season 2 on John Carpenter's episode because his first Cigarette Burns was the best of the first season (and I liked the other episodes of this season). Oh, I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> In justice to Carpenter, I think the primary problem with this episode was a terrible writing. The characters, apart from the theme, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for the Walker Texas Ranger episode. The game was bad and I usually love Ron Perlman a lot, but I can just blame because the writing was so terrible. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do, because it would be useless, but they seemed to try to mix the horror (of course) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. In this case, it was not surprising that it seemed like an opportunity to conquer a certain variety or religious walnut, as well as fanatical counter-pensioners. And I agree with both goals, but it was so terrible that I was embarrassed when I watched the characters behave and speak with such stupid inconsistency. I did not quite offer some useful opinion on the subjects and the horror element failed as well as such an awkward writing. Though I do not think Carpenter can be accused of most of the wrong here, I say he decided to drive teleplay, and hence it should be responsible for. There are a couple of small bits that I found nice and that's why I gave them 2 stars. The real effects of gore and monsters were good, but CGI gore (two separate head shots) were of course poor quality CGIs should never be ok. I am generally very critical of CGI, but not because I have a problem in principle. I have a problem implementing it. Technology, even though it is awesome in some ways, is not good enough to respond to "real" effects, be it miniature or gore, especially when it is to coincide with something organic and / or alive and therefore should not be used, until they are. CGI can also be used in small quantities or, of course, if the whole movie is animated. I will also have the opportunity to note that the title "Masters of Horror" is a bad title. There simply is not many real "lords of horror" around. Maybe two or three. If this exhibition was called "Horror Story" or something like that, it would be okay. But how are the criteria for conducting one of these episodes, and therefore criticized for not being a "master of horror," is that they have at least one horror movie in their career. And it did not have to be good either.
