(But it does not matter) <br /> <br /> Exercise in gobblygook catastrophic dimensions that are not even worth 10 lines, I have to put these notes on the net. This is one of the worst episodes of the Masters series ever and the first to qualify for Disappeared Therapy Mystery Science Theater. Even if it took me half an hour to realize that it was an ironic angle, it was still a real chaos. Its only value lies in a perspective that forces a person to realize that, in addition to gore and ugly masks, the genre will succeed only when using the classic film concepts of photography and lighting, dialogue and gaming, editing and timing. Here they are absent, and John Carpenter is no master. Time. And no difficult analysis of this simple social commentary will change. Wonderfully, Carpenter was nothing but Director B, but at least such films as "Fog" and "The Thing" had an amazing atmosphere (this is one of my favorite cults). Abominable acting. Angle of the camera stuck in the cement. Tensionless rhythm. Still perhaps the most difficult element of an episode is a story that of course can not be blamed for JC (unless the writers were Cody's friends.) The initial two minutes of a girl passing through the wood just to be a Scully-Mulder duo is the first and last thing to work in film. But come, the girl who walks through deserted forests, nowhere, especially in the desperate need for abortion, accidentally encounters the two women's MD's "women's rights", whose clinic is just around the corner. Oh, and I'm not gonna get hurt by the doctor whipping the car crash and speeding up from 0 to 60 in six seconds. It has miracles for possible rib fractures or poisoning. <br /> <br /> Then things quickly fall apart. Empty dialog "I just want to help you", infinitely slow back and forth at the gate, grandiose battle tactics like a phone line cut (aged mobile phones?), Followed by a shot: again Ramboesk clinic director vs. Ron Perlman and high school bullpen out for a couple of kicks for the Easter break. Another beautiful line: "So what are we gonna do?" from a child who was just sitting on a pile of assault rifles at the back of the van. Er, it's not yet a pheasant season. So who needs the boys teen anyway. And what's the old, proven and proven method of lonely fools who are crossing the gates with their US SUV? As for the exchange of ball scenes themselves, the cuts were as rigid as the staccato DC comics strip. Only Wham, Bam, and Whiz were missing from balloon titles. And all this according to the soundtrack of a good old Mannix episode. At one point, we learn that Daddy is not really my dad, but at this point we were not taken care of much more. The only source of the dramatic story of this story is the conflict between the pro-life father and his pregnant daughter, who is only grateful that he does not have twins. Yet there is no scene, flashback or not, where they are actually sometimes found together. They remain mere abstractions to each other. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the gatekeeper, each of the characters is completely unhappy. Crazy, hysterical, dull, macho. As perfectly flat as human wallpapers can be. None of the doctors seems to have anything medical about them. And there is a camp that quarrels with his pregnant daughter, as if he was himself a stressful friend. Fortunately, he got it. There are two great comic moments that are worthy of MST: gusher when Angelica's plumbing installation goes out and later a newborn lobster with a baby's glued head. Also cute was Angelica on her rugby belly before she finally jumped out of hell to live. As for this bold male funeral scene ... they should keep Miike's episode and instead prohibit this. <br /> <br /> In short, the third ball of Rosemary's Baby meets Alien on the lawn of M.A.S.H. episode. The flare itself, which is remarkable for today's tolerant generation under the age of 16, will ensure that, as someone else has said, this series will not be restored to a third period. It's a real shame because there were a lot of great productions, including such really good spoofs as Dante's 'Homecoming' or McKee's deliciously quirky 'Sick Girl'. Not to mention the beautiful views of Malone's "Fairhaired Child". <br /> <br /> I'm sorry John Carpenter, I believe your management days are over. It's time to go to the president.
