Many people in this review * This movie was terrible. I'm a huge baseball fan, so I thought I was looking at him and I was very disappointed. It started well .. When I saw DeNiro's bad influence on his young son, I hoped he would become a better father throughout the film. Anyway, at first, DeNiro seemed to be a protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and he had his adorable son losing care, which gave me the reason why I felt bad about him. He wanted to help Bobby talk to Primo when he was from the absolute place where he brutally hits Primo to death ... And not to mention the skeptical repeating song "I would love you !!!!" when DeNiro saved Bobby's son from drowning, I was hoping the movie could be redeemed. He could forgive him for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But of course it's far beyond the depth of the film because everything that matters to him is to get KREDIT for murder, and he does it by stealing Bobby's son, cars and the dog and holding them hostage - Bobby just has to hit home and announce that DeNiro is a "true fan" while showing the picture of biting a knife. Now we get to a totally unrealistic scene at the end ... It is pounding like hell and we probably believe the game was not called. Then DeNiro somehow appears magically on the field in the referee's suit and calls Bobby's home, continues to pull out the knife and begins to punch everyone on the field. Police do not seem to be in the field (but the police are on their way), so DeNiro goes on a hill and prepares for Bobby's knife when he shoots him. But do not worry, this cheerful and pleasant film has a happy end because Bobby finds his son. It's not a sports movie. It's not a fan. As far as I know, fans are not furious psychopaths who threaten, steal and defend knives for admirers. This is probably the worst movie I'll ever see in my life. This thing was shallow, the sound was soaking, the movies made no sense. I warn you that you do not waste time on this nasty excuse for the movie.
