The cable car in London is wearing something haunted, with long wine tunnels, escalators that take you deeper and deeper into the underground, and of course the rats who long for the rails. It is a source of wonder that it is not used more often in horror films. It was used in the 1970s by Deathline horror aka raw meat, featuring a cannibalist trunk living in an unused tunnel, and a celebrated pursuit sequence in an American werewolf in London. So I was delighted to see that someone else tried to use the atmosphere of the tube with the recent British Creep production at night. I thought the film was starting out well, with a highly efficient credit sequence that was really disturbing, followed by a scene in the channels that creates the premise that it is something that is lurking under the streets of London. Creep, however, went down the hill and found out that I wanted to turn it off after this introductory scene and gave me a positive impression of the movie. All the characters become unsympathetic and uninteresting, even Potente himself, and the director felt the need to hit us overhead with a social commentary on homelessness. he also made a mistake to show the "monster" in full light where he stops being remotely frightening, and reveals his name to be Craig. How can you have the unconventional name of Craig? This will turn into a X Files file and remind one episode of the Tomb. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to appear and solve everything for me. As far as infamous sexually motivated violence is concerned, it is very graphic, disturbing, and totally unnecessary. It seems to be just to shock the audience rather than for some inner value of the land. The problem is that it's so over the top and terrible that it really envelops you in the rest of the horror, which is a mistake because it's only halfway through the movie. <br /> <br /> So you go there. The only redemption of the film for me was a rare look from Ken Campbell, one of my favorite casual actors. You do not see him very often, but when he's on the screen, everyone else in the corner. Casting him as a sewer inspector was a cripple of genius, unfortunately the only apparent in the movie.
