Although there are many well-known "television" names associated with the name "Man called Sleigh", there is nothing extraordinary about the film itself or any of the performances. In fact, the only thing that distinguishes it from television series from 1960 to 1970, such as "The Rat Patrol," is more casting and much more violence. James Garner is the biggest star and apparently thought he should try to break away from all the light comedy stuff ("Maverick", "Support Your Local Sheriff" - "Gunfighter", etc.). ). Unfortunately, his earthly attraction is against him, because Sledge is humorless, enrolled to gain the popularity of the Western character of Clint Eastwood's spaghetti. But things from Eastwood were not such beings and curiosities. I suppose a "man called a sleigh" could be classified as western spaghetti, although this stimulation is too slow to really fit into this genre. Fans of the slow TV series "Combat" will feel immediate connections while director Vic Morrow made the film and wrote the screenplay along with Frank Kowalski. Throw in some fashionable slow shots and dissolve crucifixes that draw attention to oneself rather than serve stories. <br /> <br /> The conspiracy is a standard "big heist" (insert here "War Car") and Sage depicts how to handle a $ 300,000 gold shipment. His band includes Claude Akins and Dennis Weaver. The problem is that on the way the consignment is guarded by 40 branches and, when stopped, it is blocked in a vault inside a territorial prison. I think there was an episode of "Alias ​​Smith and Jones" with the same conspiracy. The story would be a decent hour of television, but it will very quickly become a very cushioned feature film. Garner will not allow his spell to get into his characterization and the film does not create enough tension to keep the audience interested. The thing eventually falls and burns shortly after the inheritance when the gang deals with a fanciful and utterly illogical card game. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
