I love movies about UFOs, and so I recently decided to look back after the stars after seeing it when I was a child in the late 1970s. And now I'm forced to write a review because I'm afraid I'll forget it all fast. You see, although EBTS is not bad, it's very messy and trenchless. The story is interesting but flat. Actors are good, but their roles are dull and a little confusing. FX are terribly amateur, but I can ignore that if the film is convincing, which is unfortunately not the case. <br /> <br /> There is also very little violence and there is no nudity, this Italian sci-fi leaves in the 1970s a real peculiarity because if there is one thing that distinguishes Italian genre films from the 70's from genre films of other countries that were made in the same decade is a staggering amount of violence and sex. Particularly strange, because almost complete lack of exclusion elements, EBTS stands out from the rest of the Pact. I do not know if it can be considered a compliment. Personally, I can enjoy the film without sex and violence, but I think the EBTS needed more violence and some sex to make it flavor because it's so deadly and dry. And the special effects are not that special. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It's a combo of X-FILES and Antonioni BLOWUP: the photographer accidentally captures the stranger on the film during fashion shooting in the country. Aliens know they have been captured in the movie and continue to kidnap a photographer and model and then destroy any evidence of their presence on the ground. The problem arises when the model appears in a man in the apartment of a photographer who has recently been kidnapped (this is just before he is kidnapped). The man takes some negatives and leaves, with strangers not knowing the missing negatives. The whole story about this man wants to know more about foreigners and secret spy groups who want to get negative. Most film centers focus on boring political intrigues, a spy and espionage variety. The UFO story element is almost unimportant and could easily be replaced by any Cold War McGuffin. But how blunt as EYES TO STAR, it resembles X-FILES LOT! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is POV images that are scary and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgotten, including the goofs looking for aliens. Although I was mostly negative about this movie, I still think it. I still remember an effective advertising campaign that scared me when I saw her as a child. And own video. The film could have been a lot more if it was done correctly. Oh, well ...
