Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an intensely insurmountable bourgeois bitch who tries to sleep through the noise of the last underground train and wakes up to find himself in a locked station. After a meeting with a worker and future guy Guy on a mysterious train running after the line closes, things get worse and she finds herself hitching down what's under the city's streets. Her story is linked to George (Blackwood), an ex-worker in a sewer system; they meet in the last third of the movie, coupled with their attempts to escape the monster who is chasing them. The couple continue through a set of increasingly unlikely places; from a metro station, end up in sewerage before they suddenly find themselves in some deserted underground surgery. Most metro stations do not have toilets, so how does a man have surgery is behind me. Of course, the film explains that the operation has no running water. Yet has electricity? One of the many inconsistencies that opposes the atmosphere of everyday credibility the movie is trying to create. The monsters themselves are a problem. There is a complete lack of consideration of his actions, just killing people for no apparent reason. And then, of course, he keeps someone alive without having any real reason, maybe just to be able to escape and give the film another 15 minutes of running time. I understand that the natural evil should be frightening, but then the movie tries to explain itself by the photo of the doctor and his son and a couple of shots of some glasses containing children, and yes, it's just as tired and pathetic as It sounds. He also fails to explain how the underground creature is long enough to lose the ability to speak and communicate only with raptors, but not for as long as his shorts have broken. Hmm. <br /> <br /> This medical work leads to a scene that is a desperate attempt at the film to implant in memory and, while it is cruel and uncomfortable to follow, simply is not enough. The final third of the film depends on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters crumble and recover for little or obvious reason. George is falling apart, unable to cope with anything, even though he says he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and Kate becomes emotionally hard seconds after he breaks over someone pulling her for a travel card. Yeah. After launching as a movie, "it can happen to anyone," it quickly collapses because it brings ideas that make it increasingly unrealistic. The complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and absence of tension are avoided.
