Originally called The Changer. Nostril Picker is a poor story about a soloist named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes them young". She can not communicate socially with girls who come across a tramp who teaches him special Vietnamese singing. This "singing" includes the song "London Bridge is Falling Down," while jumping around like a Morrison epileptic dancer. However, Ugly Joe will solve it and hey still! He is now a girl. Ideally, a young man has to attract girls. But he lets talk about the ideals - this film was made in 1983 and released in 1993, in an ideal world that would NEVER be released. Film asylum named this horror hokum as "the ham gave the story". It's worse than that. Nostril Picker actually takes a biscuit, in fact the whole crap. Amazingly written dialogue from brain-dead actors, ridiculous plot and predictable twist. Just when things could not get to the absurd, the story crumbles to its own pointless tangle. For example, Joe decides to kill the girls by turning them back. But did I think he wanted to get along with them? He is not satisfied with becoming a killer. Joe also turns into a cannibal and eats some of his victims, who were only around 3-4. The main point of this terrible movie is that Joe chooses Steven Andrews) and then takes her back to her apartment. What happens next goes away with the belief ... Joe returns to the man, but he also finds out that the fellow is a man. How does it respond? Well, in Benny Hill-esquire fashion, chasing "her" around the apartment with a lot of dirty dildo is just forgetting to explode the doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge thought. At least this scene paved the way for another invaluable moment. It was the male counterpart who reported the incident to a curly-haired policeman who had a 2-bit police uniform. Merry acting must be seen. Especially the inability of the pupils to say "dildo" and its demand for "satisfaction". In addition to the incident mentioned above, this monotone slash was a complete bore. You know the movie is bad when DVD trailers were really exciting. Under normal circumstances, I would quickly move forward to good bits, but there was none. The main action sequences included Joe simply tapping his victims repeatedly. Forget about rapid cuts, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during the stabbing of the scene) to curb any form of strain that might already exist. One girl of non-response on the fingers that are cut off is ridiculous. Usually I would enjoy the words "uncut", but in this case I was not far from the blessing. Still more agonizing movie torture. The whole movie felt like an unadjusted episode of the Summer Summer Solstice, but less fun. I do not want to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> The Summary, Nostril picker is the most unentertaining thing I've seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O 'Clock Show. Dismal performance has aggravated the terribly thin soundtrack and bad dubbing. Do not be fooled by the box designation, it's not a classic classic unless it's fit for cult concerts like lets-shitty-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters. What I think so. If not re-edited for 30 minutes stay away from this coma to induce a clutter.
