Sometimes there is a film that is unique. Nostril Picker is one such film, The Nostril Picker is like no other movie I've ever seen, unfortunately for The Nostril Picker, and I'm unique for a variety of reasons other than what filmmakers intended. Read and everyone hopes clearly ... Nick Picker, as it is commonly known, although it was obviously filmed under the name The Changer, starts with some extremely dull shots of the American city somewhere, the streets and factories is like the opening credits are playing . When Nostril Picker starts right, we, the viewer who is, is introduced to the real defeated Joe Bukowski, who is 40, living alone in a miserable little apartment where he watches TV, feeds her dog food and listens old vinyl records when dancing with exploding rubber sex doll. Joe likes teenage girls, he has a variety of pornographic magazines, but he enjoys reality. However, being an ugly git Joe can not try any young ladies to go with him or do anything else with him on the matter. One fateful day Old Vietnamese veteran (Horace Grimm) sees the agony and the pain Joe has to go through (in fact, he sees Joe talking to the cops about having trouble with a teenage girl) and decides to help him. He tells Joe of the spell he learned from "gooks" in Vietnam, which will change Joe's look on what he likes. The process, which he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time warns Joe that "it makes you crazy if you do the power." That evening Joe decided to try publicly on the podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, makes an extremely silly dance, and begins to make iodine. Joe ends when the London Bridge sounds down, listen, yeah, I do not even get it. At first, Joe is clearly disappointed when nothing significant happens. For comfort, Joe tries to buy porn magic but is shocked when an official (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell her to a minor girl. Joe, the bright spark that is, realizes what happened, and talks about his dad being sent to buy. Joe, who now calls his alter-ego Josephine (Ann Flood), understands the possibilities and heads right at the local high school. Joe will see four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) and Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) by asking sports instructors Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). Initially, Joe seems pretty harmless, just likes hanging girls' toilets, and so on. But things will soon change as Joe brutally kills Brad. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner), is a detective, so along with his partner, Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) and Walter Spencer (Bruce Alden), a pathologist is determined to catch a sick man responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will Joe succeed once more? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is bad, I saw it just hours ago and clearly says it is controlled by Mark Nowicki, who was also co-producer and definitely not Patrick J. Matthews, who was credited as co-producer and cameraman, not that it would it made a big difference, and I should, however, have that Nowicki was more than happy that Matthews took the "credit" for doing this crap. No one involved in The Nostril Picker would have the chance to go somewhere else. Nostril Picker is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it says something. It is absolutely terrible in every possible way to imagine it. The script from Steven Hodge is terrible, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development, and the things that have happened, they think they're stupidly stupid, it's untrue. Fence devices and the string of events in The Nostril Picker are totally incomprehensible. The scene where Joe finds a prostitute (Steven Andrews) he hired is actually a man, and Joe is hunting him around his flat with two squirting dildos that are just tugs. The following scene, when the transvestite reports an incident to the police, is cheerfully written and I had a psychological laugh in the dialogue. I also hated the end, not only that it was foreseeable, but it leaves the door open for the sequel, I'm shaking psychically with mere thoughts! At the technical level, Nostril Picker is a terrible, point and hopeful photo, motionless and inappropriate music, forgotten places, poorly dressed (Brenda is killed in the kitchen but her blood is sprayed on a television screen that was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst acting I have met and very insurmountable special effects that consist of several cut rubber fingers, slitted neck and fast scenes where Joe takes her body. No wonder the cast and crew that worked on The Nostril Picker have virtually no IMDb credits for anything before or after. Even in 76 minutes Nostril Picker is far away and it's really boring to sit. I could go on all the day about how bad Nostril Picker is, I really could. One thing I can not quite solve is that the filmmakers have done all this deliberately? Nostril Picker is truly a unique film, unique in his fate and incompetence. In the case of The Nostril Picker I hope it will continue to be unique because I said it's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's coming, that's for sure. Be sure to avoid it.
