"Fungicid" is quite possibly the most incompetent, embarrassing, pitiful "movie" I've ever seen. The act is a criminal, the direction practically does not exist, and special effects are likely to come together by releasing a monkey with learning difficulties on a portable laptop. Far from suppressing my creativity, but I believe that such things should not be done. I'm sure the filmmakers will say yes, the "movie" was slowed down by a low budget - but in that case they should not really bother. As it is, they offered the world something so terrible, so terrible that only imbeciles could get the smallest shade of joy from it. <br /> <br /> It was not like "Citizen Kane" or whatever. I was expecting a low budget, a bit of horror, a bit of ingenuity, a hint of entertainment, and even some energy. What I got was the film equivalent of a handkerchief. Well, our stupid anti-hero scientist who works in the basement of his parents is seen manually stirring a cup in a cup. Obviously such high-level science is the result of years of research. His parents then take him to a strange hotel in the countryside to relax. There are some others who are just too awful to be able to write. In any case, the scientist will drop his tube on some mushrooms - and soon mushrooms will grow and kill some people. (Wow, I get suicide just to write a land summary). Our heroes saved the day by detonating the barrel of olive balsamico (by attaching "fuses" - really a piece of string). The barrel inexplicably explodes with the force of a small nuclear weapon and destroys all the mushrooms. End. (Thank God). <br /> <br /> This summary is as good as the "movie" gets (and in fact it sounds more interesting than in reality). She really should never go through this stage of development (I mean the outline of the plot carved on the back of the crayon envelope). Someone should really come in and give someone a shiver of energy and say, "No." <br /> <br /> And those "special" effects. Well, they're "special" all right. This is CGI crazy. And done by a person I can only assume, the bicycle is the pinnacle of modern technology. And when mushroom monsters are not in the style of a 1984 home computer graphics package, there are actors who mix along the sheet (I do not do you). One of the most inexplicable things about film is its laziness. This can be summed up by the scene in which the hero turns his guns (and la Clint Eastwood), and then miserably snores to put them in his pockets. I think, come on, a couple of seizures and he could pull it off, but just to keep it as it is - really weak. I can not believe the money was spent on this camera. Movie makers should hate shame and be forbidden to go within fifty yards of any film making facility. I also think it is wrong that friends and family of filmmakers come to IMDb and have a scrupulous review and give a stupidly high rating to users who give a totally inaccurate picture of "film." "Fungicide" is an absolute film travesty. Mr Wascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.
