The character of Tarzan has been exposed to so many clichés and so many misinterpretations that those who are hoping for another kind of version (people like me, I mean who liked the Tarzan Books as a child and always wanted a movie version that followed the book a little) know how the recent rendering stacked. Some reviews of IMDb deal with this point, but here is my $ .02 I'm only aware of two lucrative Tarzan performances, namely Greystoke with Christopher Lambert and the animated Disney attempting to reveal Edgar Rice's rather interesting figure to Burrough (the son of a furious English aristocrat, who, after their death, raised a tribe of apes that lifted him as one of them and became the "master of the jungle" because of his superior human intellect before returning to England and claiming his next identity) rather than the usual Hollywood jungle-man whose the origin remains obscure and whose trademarks are his famous cry, his mysterious inability to speak the right English despite a long exposure to people, to know the language, his habit of swinging on grapevine, his power, heroism, etc. The only thing that these two characters share, are the name of Tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named Jane. The television version of Ron Ely is something of a compromise: like Burroughs' character, he speaks good English and is both adequate and respectable in both JamesBondish, but not Lord Greystoke and not Jane. /> Well, this movie is in the third category of Tarzan movies and I hope it will remain a category one because it is terrible. This category uses character as a means for all fine pornography. Jane, played by the legendary poor actress Bo Derek in Africa and looking for his father, an absent professor who is humming in the jungle looking for something that is never specified. Although her father had long escaped, he would find it effortlessly. Richard Harris as a dad is the best thing; he sees the movie is stupid, so he enjoys overcoming and hamming in a way that reminds me of Peter O'Toole's deliberately stupid performance in What's New Pussycat. Dad explains the legend of Tarzan ("a spirit or spirit," which he says - stealing or stealing, to King Kong) to his daughter, who is unknown at this time. Soon after, we hear the infamous Tarzan cliché. Dad dies, which does not seem strange that his daughter daughter is too slow. And then ..... <br /> <br /> Then Tarzan appears, but he does not say anything. In fact, he does not say anything during the whole movie. He and Jane fall in love, and they are bothering to wear almost nothing, because she is giving up love-poetry from the screen. End. This is a conspiracy. <br /> <br /> Well, not exactly; there is also a scene where Tarzan struggles unrealistically with boa constrictor - the most unusual boa, because it is the only poison ever seen. Jane has a bite with the help of chimpanzees who help by tearing off the clothes she breaks off to make a wound (I will not!) And that's just one of the many excuses to get her clothes off. <br /> <br /> I always like to make a review by saying something positive, but this time it's hard. We will see ... well, it is unfair to criticize this film as an orangutan, although we all know that the orangutans do not live in Africa; after all, classic Tarzan movies have used all Indian elephants, right? You also have to admit that Bo Derek is in the face and in the form. (But in that case, why the hell did not just make a career as an artistic model? What does he say about the movie when it becomes usually boring to look at a pretty woman? Actually, I have not decided whether it is positive or negative that she never showed her crotch. ) But now I realize: try how I can, I can not end up on a positive note. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie if you are a bad movie fan. I'm here.
