Bo Derek might have a career if she let her late husband, John, take over as her director. It's really a shame, not really the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was ok. She would not get the prize at the best price, but it's no worse than many actresses who have grown so great in the last fifteen years, and that's on the lookout. But the problem was that John was determined to set off the wave that Bo had created with her model in 10 that Bo was "the perfect 10", "the hottest woman in America," "the sexual symbol of the 1980s." The problem is that in John's hand this wave crashed with a loud beating in just a few years. Perhaps she knew her limitations as an actress, perhaps because of that she was filming her for films that focused on her body, not her gaming skills. But it's really fast. It did not help that John and Bo Derek's movies (really) really, really bad. And wrongly summons them to take on Edgar Rice Burrough's literary icon, Lord of the Jungle, the Tarzan of the Apes. Do you know what's worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, you do not bother me. Even Bo is a stunning look and the character can bring interest, and of course the film is built. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo were previously in Orca btw) did it and makes his scenes at least somewhat interesting and Miles O'Keefe makes physically impressive Tarzan. Perhaps he got to the final laugh after being hit by a pile of poison from the critics of this film, Miles went on a solid career as a B movie icon in films that were not great art, but a million times more fun than this. But besides, it's Boo's body and you can see it so many times before you want something else. Tarzan the human people has nothing else. John Derek was a truly dynamic actor, not a director. He was supposed to stay with his strength. This movie develops in the mind with a slow slow pace, and nothing happens in the action scenes. Burrough's Tarzan was about excitement and a desire to fulfill (who would not want to be so agile, strong and good looking like Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You will not get anything out of it. Take a look and unnecessarily lose 107 minutes of your life. On the second idea, you can go with a valuable lesson on how not to keep one's film career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek has nothing in my book. She has stayed with John until her dying day, has a real love for animals and nature and even looks back with giggle at her time in the spotlight. She also proved she was not a stupid blonde who wanted her to do it. If she could survive Tarzan and Bolera, she could survive anything. So come back Bo, everything is forgiven. And aside is Steve Strong, who plays the bad guy Steve Strong, who has a short professional career?
