This is Tarzan's performance at Soloflex and Apocalypse Now. There is nothing that would be basically bad when the films relieved moral constraints to portray the erotic side with the legend of Tarzan. There is nothing inherently wrong with the assumption that Tarzan does not speak. It is very bad when you designed a woman who could get to the African jungle in 1910, it could be the assault and plastic. Bo has the smallest number of rows when the bodies are examined, because this movie is just a video-center that is neutral so you can show yourself and your crazy imagination in the project. If that happens anywhere, this is due to the fact that National Geographic has influenced the way in which images from Tarzan could be built. It would be ridiculous to argue that films should not use sexual teasing as ONE of many of the tools for drawing viewers. Some really great moments of the film incorporate it. But this step is at the opposite end of the spectrum - it's the only thing that's going on; at the time of his release and now. You are standing through terrible, silly scenes that offer no interest, and miles of bad acting, which will be reduced when you look at two bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (congratulations on having a working libido.) But if it's your justification for giving this review a good rating, you should really visit porn and store it. There are only hair sizes between these two formats and (I'm guessing here), the excited spectator would really enjoy it. The question is whether the main stripe is the best place on the market for viewers looking for products that will satisfy the desire itself. As a showman, John Derek successfully exploited the sexual mystery developed through Bo's wife in the movie "10"; and created a media event from a shallow project whose sole merit was the bitterness of both sides. The movie itself was next. It was about 20 years before when he thought the audience would be delighted to create a flawless, shallow film about just superficiality. As a director, it seems that John Derek only demands that, Derek looks nice, empty and hunchback in all the scenes. He's terribly shot. The location of the camera is uncomfortable. As for editing, the entire "erase" catalog is exhausted. The credit sequence is strange. And it's a quarrel about who is doing a worse attack on the screen; Bo Derek, who is such a bumbo that he can not figure out how to play bimbo, or Richard Harris, who yells every line (as he likes) until you want to shoot him. At least, with Bo, you can imagine that she is blaming a horny writer for her to change her.
