It is a great tragedy that Richard Harris and John Derek are no longer with us. But it should not bind anyone to the fact that in 1981, a pretty ugly spot appears on both men's curriculum vitae. John Derek doubted that the film was doing what "Something Hot" and "One Million Years Ago" to Maryna Monroe and Raquel Welsh for her wife, creating a symbolic symbol of sex for the new decade. When Dudley Moore escaped on the beach in the reputation of "10" Bo, shooting and filming in Sri Lanka meant nothing was going wrong. Unfortunately, as they say, Death plans, and God laughs. It is said that when the film premiered in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrows attempted to take legal action against him. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who goes to Africa to meet her sore, abusive father, Richard Harris. Dad Parker is a explorer who is about to find the "Great Inland Sea," a local legend whose existence has been recovered by conventional wisdom. Harris is keen to watch a shrewd and danced performance that includes singing an Irish ditty on an Indian elephant that somehow got into Africa (it came along with Orang-Utan from Sumatra ???), although Jane claims she despises Parker , the relationship between Bo and Riche is cruelly incarnate, perhaps testimony of the effects of tropical heat. But for a long time, local legends about "Big White Monkeys" circulate, and Jane hears the famous jade. This is a film camp for Miles O'Keefe, the future star of B-Movie, who makes a somewhat strange debut as the lonely dressed Lord of the Jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller with his pidgin English or Ron Ely, who speaks fluent, O'Keefe Tarzan is mute. Since some of the dialogues between Bo and Richie are, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and his caravan eventually arrive in the Great Inland Sea, which is at the top of a huge platform that seems to run halfway across Africa .... Are there hangings, not seas, lakes and other water areas generally located in low-lying areas? Never, it's just one of many anomalies in John Derek's universe. The crew is trying to mount the cliffs and when the rope snaps, Harris crashes the abuse of the unfortunate men who have fallen to their deaths. On another occasion, Jane decides to take a swim in the inland sea and give her another opportunity to see some indiscriminate nudity. From nothing, a single male lion appears. Now lions usually travel in pride and never approach the beaches, but later Tarzan struggles with (poisonous) boa constrictor. Zoology does not seem to be one of John Derek's strong points ..... Since she is Tarzan's film, Jane is enchanted by the Lord of the Jungle and decides to marry her virginity. But when you saw his closeness to some of those chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... When we talk about not only Edgar Rice Burroughs. It is very likely that some primates called their lawyers: chimpanzees are missing Cheeta. Especially when they do ridiculous things like a ride on the elephant's back and clap their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally get it! The culmination of this film is that Bo and Harris are captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare it for sacrifice / food / execution. Just say that a big wooden monkey gets her girl and * SPOILER * Harris gets into a big elephant tusk hoop! It will not stop the dying Parker from delivering to Jane a permanent monologue. As I'm aware, the court claim from the estate of Rice Burrows has never been discovered, but "Tarzan the Ape Man" was crucified at the box office (not kidding?) Škoda. John Derek could drive "Tarzana Monkey People 2" with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in domestic bliss and Dudley Moore as "Boy".
