How this movie escaped the anger MST3K I will never know. "Gymkata" is a ridiculous action film, filled (or empty) with paper plates, deep characters and absurd situations. But take it apart, if you like watching poor, but silly movies, you will look forward to "Gymkata". The action focuses on a gymnast chosen by government agents (at least I think they are government agents) to become a spy. You see that his father was another quasi-state agent who was missing in the game in this game, and eloquently called "The Game." So the gymnast (played fearlessly by Kurt Thomas) trains competing in this game to find out what happened to his lost daddy. Sounds promising, does not it? Well, that does not mean that the bare piece of the plot sypnopsis does not begin to describe the joy of this film. They can be found in the details of the film. Like a mysterious Asian girlfriend of a gymnast who does not talk about the first half hour of the movie, she starts talking and does not remain silent for the rest of the time! Or really tough without a shirt that likes to do and violates the non-existent rules of "The Game" whenever he likes it. And, of course, our hero is a wonderful story over the "Village of the Crazies" (Obviously it's the real name of the place!). Nice place to visit, but I did not want to live there. <br /> <br /> But where this movie really shines, it's action scenes. Because our protagonist is a gymnast, the director thought it wise to hold gyms in the back streets and city squares of the Middle East so our master Gymkata could better use his gymnast skills to fight the evil disaster on parallel bars and pummel horses. It must be seen as believed. <br /> <br /> One interesting note. A lot, I'd say about half the cast, dying of shooting an arrow. Interesting because arrows are the only credible effects or action throughout the movie. If these were really the effects, my one great comment compliment for anyone who devised these very realistic arrows wounds. It is likely that this is a way the film does not pay. However, "Gymkata" deserves a view if you can see it without paying and looking for some stupidity that is an easy target for riffing. <br /> <br />
