... and * by no means * as pure, logical and comprehensible as the picture in that sad sum of tired Hollywood clichés. I am 27 and I spent 16 years of my life struggling with vicious phobias and paranoid hallucinations. Like the main character in the movie, I was successful mainly because of logic: because I was thinking over and over again to avoid the realm of the realm and knowing what was really happening and what was not. In the end, I was totally successful due to the drugs, by the way, but I certainly escaped insanity because I knew before I was taking the medication the difference between what was real and what was not. So, I can rightly say that this film is a total scam. Not only does he cheat the story of the main person (who was not faithful to his wife, who was bisexual - something important here), but it mostly shows a soothing, tainted view of schizophrenia - which is totally absent. <br /> <br /> Schizophrenia is the structure of the mind, not the illness. Schizophrenic is not a "normal person with a disease", it is someone who looks and feels things differently than most people from the beginning: for him things like time, space, and human personality are not solid things. It feels it can be bent, it can change, it can change, and maybe even disappear. To cope with this, the schizophrenic has a rich, very imaginative inner world that "normal" people do not expect - but is captured in it because it can not connect with most people and its world is poorer and poorer until it ends in an empty, vicious, dysfunctional end . <br /> <br /> This is very different from what is described in this ridiculous "cure", a jerky film. It should be terribly frightening. People, other than the main ones, should seem strange, weird and absurd, like Lynch's "Eraserhead". There should be really impressive, strange, gross hallucinations, because that's all schizophrenia. It's not about * details *. I mean, look at "Naked Lunch", "Lost Highway", read P.K. Dick's "Martian Time Split" or "Ubik", watch "The Cell", "Perfect Blue", "Dark City" or play "PC Alice McGeee" on PC and maybe have some vague idea about it. Do not look at the movie "good feeling" of the moon, with banal situations, cleaned figures and visual and silly conspiracies. "The Cell" is the most accurate film about the minds of schizophrenics, its vision and its inner consistency - it's violent, weird, confusing and very, very scary. Schizophrenia is not a detail again, it is not the pure trick you play. Jump into your face and do not let you go: the walls fall apart, people turn into strange enemy beings, you feel like you're back in time, you're not sure you're the one you think you feel, everything feels. .. strange, unnatural. Believe me, it is much more than what is described in this soapy melodrama
