Like most people, I was drawn to buy this film due to the pictures of the mighty Bolo Yeung plastered across the box and the premise (from the above pictures and title of the film) that this film is about the Beel of the Eastern kickin 'ass for 90 minutes. However, to my disappointment, the Chinese Hercules is Bolo Yeung, what no Retreat No Surrender was Jean Claude Van Damme and Fearless Tiger had ... erm, Bolo Yeung - Maximum exposure in video box, minimal real screen! Oh, good! <br /> <br /> The story is quite a basic thing, but it was well done - a peaceful kungfu fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) accidentally kills a man and promises he will never fight again. He then escapes to work as a laborer on the pier, where he works with his co-workers with a heavy baggage stroke, which makes him consider him an impressive fighter (I do not know how it works but does not matter). While the corrupt boss of the mole concludes a contract with the gangsters and gives them exclusive use of the pier. As a result, the workers are thrown to their ear and forced to live on a beach where they unite against their boss, the gangster boss and his crazy friend Bolo Yeung. While the film was (mainly waiting for another look at Bolo), I had some problems with it - first, bad dubbing, but of course it is in old kung fu movies. But the film also tended to stretch between different combat scenes. And as far as the battle scenes are concerned, I found them to be too long, poorly choreographed (seemingly Jackie Chan!), Badly shot and sometimes executed by people who did not seem to have any ability in martial arts ... in fact, most battles in this movie was not a "fight" at all, just the people who were beating without offering resistance! <br /> <br /> Finally, the hero - played by Chen Hui Min. I have never seen any other movies with this guy, but I have never taken it. Not only did he look unlucky and tear on the brink, but I found his insistence not to become indignant! I understood his thoughts, but he could save a lot of people if he had done what we all knew would eventually fight and fight! The bigger secret was why this whole community of people was catching the hope of a man they never saw to fight! <br /> <br /> The really great mercy of this film was the presence of Bolo Yeung. Not only is he so huge and brutal as ever, he has some great, humorous lines and gives the rest of the master class cast on how to fight in the movie. The guy loses the presence of the screen and you can easily see how he became a star. That guy frightened me out of my life, but I'm sure I was not the only person to watch this movie that was fighting for Bolo all the time! <br /> <br /> Overall, the below-average kung-fu movie picked up a few big slits for you - he knew - who. I never met a man who did not think Bolo Yeung was great. The man is a legend!
