This movie I saw today on the historic channel (2006). First I realize that it's not a document - it's a drama. But one could hope that at least the critical "facts" that the story turns on can be based on real events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie got it right. From there, the reliance on facts is rapidly declining. I've never heard of this movie before I saw it. When I was at the time of these events as a television reporter, I was amazed that I had never heard of Haiz's bizarre behavior as Richard Dreyfuss portrayed him. The whole nation has heard "I'm under control ...", etc., but Dreufuss' Haig is bullying a messy cabinet and completely out of control personally. After watching the movie, I began to explore the theme on the Internet and quickly found the real audio tapes and transcripts of most of the roommate interviews that this film pretends to be re-introducing. Incredibly, many of the main "facts" of the film meant to show the White House, a secret service, etc. In total chaos - and the rule of the state, which behaves irrationally and controls the world near the nuclear war - is proving to be wrong. It did not happen! There is an internal conflict, of course. Haig makes mistakes, his press center is historically regrettable and "difficult". But there is nothing in the scenes shown in the movie. There are too many gross mistakes, but any fair comparison of recorded and written record and fantasy of this film raises the question of what producers really tried to achieve. Enlighten? Inform? Entertain? I believe they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to attribute motives to others, but one has to seriously question what was such a shameful invention. As for my favorite documentary film History Channel "Reel to Real," there was almost no mention of the problems that were the main focus of the film - namely events within the administration on the shooting day. So the viewer was left to research those who do not have the power - if ever - help from the network.
