This television production in 1970, starring Susannah York and George C. Scott, is another proof of how difficult it is to take "Jane Eyre" to the screen and how much it can do wrong. It is true that the films suffered when converting to DVD - some scenes that were originally completed have been truncated and so poorly modified that there are striking gaps in continuity and that even one decisive scene between Jane and Rochester begins in the middle of the sentence! But even if editing was better, the movie would not be. The script is bad, character characters are untrue for the novel, and almost all actors are miscast. Consequently, one does not have the feeling that he will perceive the adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel at all. The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or omitted - that is the case for all the short adjustments - but that the remaining scenes do not capture at all the tone, spirit, atmosphere and concept of the novel. <br /> <br /> This Jane Eyre, for example, leaves Gateshead completely and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While it is perfectly right, as some scenes need to be omitted, it is not understandable that instead of using the time acquired (so to speak) and thoroughly portraying Jane's friendship with Helen, Helen influences Jane's development, a lecture in Christian Stoicism that teaches her, the film almost exclusively focuses on the physical misconduct of Helen, which leads to absurd extremes in this adaptation. What Helen has to suffer is as bad as described in the novel, but Miss Scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison department who deliberately wants to drive Helen to premature death. And that's all that's going on at Lowood. If you compare it with the deep impact of the years spent in Lowood, it's only regret to say that the film will not touch the surface of this episode in Jane's life. And this is a problem in the whole of this adaptation: it rushes from scene to scene, very often without a transition, and nowhere near the essence of the novel. Dialogues are a special blend of lines and lines from the novel that are very clumsily connected, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are so short that they both share only 5 minutes on the screen than they fall in love, and the little conversation they contain does not contain anything of brilliance, intensity as well as the humor of the interviews between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the screenwriter not only had Brontë's language injustice but managed to destroy his moral order only one thing. When Rochester and Jane come to Rochester's wife after a wedding, Rochester says, "Still, I loved her once (wife) how I love you now." The whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is a truly innocent victim of the amoral plan and was imprisoned to marry a mad woman he never loved, and that his attempt to find a real partner in life is unless he is sanctified under the law of God and man , yet understandable and forgiving! But this one sentence completely undermines Brontë's carefully constructed moral concept, and rotates Rochester into the dirty old man who wants a new young woman because his old man no longer has any use. I'm not one of those who insist on the physical similarities between the actor and the literary character he portrays, but without the angle of imagination it is possible to imagine a beautiful, blonde, blue - Susannah York said a full hero of the novel. In addition, Mrs. York was in her thirties when the film was shot and looked. The romantic, thoughtful, reserved and inexperienced young Jane plays it to become a perfectly prepared, graceful and mature woman, quite sure of herself and her deserts. I'm not saying that Susannah York is not playing well and convincingly, but the woman she portrays is not Brontëin Jane Eyre. Shooting George C. Scott as Rochester had to be motivated by the desire to have Rochester, who looked old enough to have a faithful 18-year difference between Jane and Rochester was credible. Scott looks like he's about 50 years old, but he's acting in different scenes as if he were 70 years old. In order to praise the "maturity" of leading actors, it seems that every passion, desire and despair were deliberately thrown out of the scenario. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the emotional culmination of the novel, has become a quiet and rational interview between two middle-aged people at the end of which Rochester dies. When Jane returns to the last scene, he is just as glad as a grandfather who has just visited his old people's house with his favorite granddaughter. The only character that exhibits sufficient emotions is the St. Jan, of all people. Ian Bannen plays him so passionately, and his longing for Jane's love is so eager that one feels that Bannen models his holy John on Rochester's novel. But even though Bannen is good, his holy John is just as far from a novel as York's Jane and Scott's Rochester. The only redeeming features of this highly disappointed "Jane Eyre" are places and scores, and I would recommend this production only to those who want to track and compare each adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
