I saw this movie at the Rotterdam Film Festival (jan '06) and followed a discussion between the director and the public. Many people responded shocked and protested. It gets many negative critics. But the world is so cruel and it's not funny. People do not like it. That does not mean that the film is bad. I see the difference. Do not shoot the messenger that shows us the world outside of our "hubble"! However, I think it's a bad movie. It's technically good from the movie. Nice shots and script, most good music, great actors. The director pretends to be doing psychological film, but psychology is of poor quality. Describing such violent violence is not art in itself. Art would be a strong description of the psychological process that lay in the violence. How does a shy boy get to such cruelty? The director pretends to describe it - but he's not good at it. The director repeatedly used the word "selfishness" of people, such as the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish, just someone in several roles, cared for his pupils and cared for his script. I think it's a simplification that he calls selfish. The atmosphere in the village is spooky and my mother makes terrible mistakes ("Are you terribly losing me?") But it is not believable that many pains are caused by the coldest boy coming to such terrible things. In fact, reality is much more complicated than the way this movie describes? and needs a much better description. Interestingly, how does it work? Describe this process for me to understand. <br /> <br /> In a written statement at the end, the director said he pointed to an alternative way of life. It was the second extreme and confirmed to me that the director and screenwriter are bad psychologists who support black and white thinking. The link between violence in movies and in society has been proven. Using such violence is responsible for proper use. There are a lot of black and white thinkers in the world, causing a lot of war and misery. I hope this movie will not be successful.
