Violence, whether real or not, has an impact. In this movie, violence is as dull as you could ask. In Grand Ecstasy, the director successfully demonstrated the extremes of violence that people are capable of. But what should it be? Violence looks like a mixture of Noah's "irreversible" and "Kubrick's" Clockwork Orange "... these are notable movies. The story is never quite developed to offer a reason for extreme violence, the thin paper of the rabbit that gives us Robert's demise, is his introduction to drugs, Danny Dyer plays a character who is partly responsible for Robert's drug addiction, is on the screen for less than 5 minutes Lesley Manville is Robert unable to master mummy, I'm not sure what one of these actors does in a low-caliber movie The game is wooden, the scene in the kitchen with the television chef and his wife is so painful, when I look, if not more than the shocking finale - who wrote these dialogues? Some of the comments that boys do ... "looks to be delighted," they are so dazzling that they are trying to laugh unless it's not for Clay's insidious desire to bomb us with painful images of the damaged female genitals. Why do we have to show such a detailed opportunity, perhaps, after the adolescent obsession of the director with sadistic pornographic images ... one can only wonder about the psychology of this young man. The "political importance" of the film has been repeatedly brought to light due to the number of scenes; in the bar, outside the house of television, the war news in Iraq, was, in my view, perhaps too obvious. Yes, war is violent, social determinism causes frustration, we are all prone to horror acts of violence, whether you are in politics or street popping E. Juxtaposing all these things as part of the same basic problem is to avoid the real problem that is the significance of violence in to humans. This problem is one that we have not yet managed to understand and definitely not in this film. My opinion: a derivative, poorly produced and unnecessary.
