There is only one word for this movie. Painful. The director has a clear talent, but just like Robert Carmichael's character, he threw it all away. Carmichael has the potential, but Cray can not bother to use it. She was attracted to a minor crime and then descended into the deceptiveness of Cray's vision of British youth. Like British tabloids, this film portrays young people who have no desire or respect. Cray shouts for attention but does not deserve any. <br /> <br /> I was horrified by the violence Cray decided to put on the audience's face. He assumes that audiences do not know world atrocities. Just like a piece of obscene graffiti on the wall of the toilet, it shows us a male depravity with adolescent joy. Some quality actors have small parts in this movie. Danny Dyer and Leslie Manville have a short performance. Actor acting is otherwise amateur, young men Joe and Ben are doing it. Carmichael played by Daniel Spencer is scary. Miranda Wilson plays Monica, the attractive wife of Chef Jonathan (Michael Howe); how she has managed to suffer such a misery is not convinced. The film is never gentle and Monika is treated with the most gratuitous violence that is solved by warfare. War images are used to express the idea that young men can not help themselves that violence will even happen in "civilized" countries. This is, of course, true, and is symptomatic of our changed society, where men have an increasingly less important position, but Cray descends to the level of barbarian men they are trying to refute with their brutal and violent image. Female characters in the movie do not offer relief. They are either the victims, or in Manvill's case, the fallen mother. The company is represented as malfunctioning. <br /> <br /> This is the first Cray movie. I have listened to what he had to say during the Q and A session in Edinburgh and he is not unintelligent, he simply lacks experience and his film reveals his naivety. The film should be released later this year, but I hope the company collapses because the public does not really need this kind of confused material.
