I'm always careful not to like the movie. Look at it a month later and you can see it differently, or dig it after 50 years on another continent, and some cult followers will find something stylishly remarkable, which first disappeared. After sitting in Robert Carmichael's Great Ecstasy at the British Premiere, it was no surprise to me that I then found the questions and answers of a session more interesting than the movie itself. Shane Danielsen (artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival), with the support of film director and filmmaker, provided a lively defense of the film before it received the overall negative reaction of the audience. The Edinburgh Festival audience is not easily shocked. Only one person left disgusted. The film criticism was very latent and constructive from the lay public, as well as the actor and the woman who teaches the directors of M.A. It was not a "shocking" movie. There has been a certain degree of uninterrupted sexual violence, but far less extreme than many films (most of the actual contact with the weapons has been obscured, as well as excited sexual organs). The audience did not like it because they were sitting for two hours, which were pretty boring, where there were not high gaming norms, where the plot was bad, predictable and exhausted, and where they were exposed to a clumsy and demanding film promise of a controversial film. The metaphors to war in Iraq are thought out, over-emphasized, and careless (except for the general narrative of violence, any deeper meaning is unclear); and the reference "fik-list" Marquis de Sade, as one member of the audience said, seems to be just a tokenist excuse due to the lack of development of the conspiracy to the final. We have a story of a teenage boy (he performs at school for his musical ability), but he uses drugs and walks with youth who have little or nothing for them and whose crimes relate to rape and violence. When he pushed them, Robert seems to have a lot of violence in himself. The film is not without merit. The audience decides how Robert got the following: Was it the influence of his peers? Why did not all good influences and fears of parents and teachers make it possible for him to have a better approach to life? Cinematically, there is a carefully assembled scene where it hangs back (whether over too many drugs, shyness, a latent sense of morality, or just waiting for a turn?). Several of his friends raped a woman in the back room, partially seen and framed in the center of the screen. In the foreground of bare bone, the DJ would be more concerned about the girls' cries interrupting his happy musical music than any thought for a woman. Eventually, they are a little upset if their activities attract the attention of the police. Strict comparison of serious joy from headphones on headphones, even though he knows rape, becomes a complete disgust. Robert has collapsed with us in his back. But the rest of the film, including its allegedly controversial climax, which includes considerable (though not realistic) sexual violence, is not at this standard. Some people have had a strong reaction to it (the filmmakers' intention, "If they vomit, we managed to make a response"), but mostly - and if I can say that the Edinburgh reaction apparently reflects the Cannes news - she feels, "Why do programmers make us poor film production? " Director Clay Hugh may speak, but he did not develop an artistic vision. His answers to the fact that we keep the mirror to life to tell the truth about what's under the carpet, even his defense, that there is little development of plot because he did not want to make a standard Hollywood film - that's a good answer to criticism, but unfortunately do not apply to his film, nothing more than holding a mirror while someone exhales or loses a movie while playing inconsistently with symbols. He wanted me to give him any doubt, I talked with him after a few minutes after the screening, but I found he was as uncomfortable as his film, and soon I moved to the bar to wash my mouth a little more substantial. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate, to entertain others, to inspire others. I asked him if he had a social or political program, and he mentioned Ken Loach (one of the many great names he took in vain) without accepting any agenda himself. He then falls back on his mantra on his job to tell the truth. I had the feeling that it was a very ambitious project for a new director, or a tireless attempt to put himself on the map by giving himself publicity for the second job. Andy Warhol could paint a can of soup and it was art. Clay Hugh would like to imitate great directors who created a controversial cinema and shifted the border. It is sad that his ability is currently expanding only to creating very sound excuses for the film that seeks advertising.
