I'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it started I wanted to leave the theater. For a while, I hoped the story would surprise me, but then he realized it was a waste of time, there was nothing. I just stayed because I did another show on her. Design: Some designs that were quite beautiful, mostly from the environment, but the characters were terrible in terms of animation and design. They look great all the time - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to live! It just did not work, mostly because the same mistake most 3D companies do: technically, it's very hard to create really natural 3D materials, which would make you feel the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabrics, etc. Those characters in the movie were made of "fabric" and it just did not work! So they had this ugly sense of artificial intelligence on the computer where the fabric stretched or compressed as plastic. It did not feel the material from which the dolls were made (that's what the characters wanted to be). I think it was a big mistake in choosing this character style. It was just like the 3D shoot'run computer game. I do not want to go to the cinema to have a computer game on the screen, I do not know about you ... Animation was also shame. I am a professional animator and was horribly disappointed with the low level of animation in "9". She was tough, boring, almost lacking in imagination or mood. It was just a little over the average of the average 3D animations I've seen, and it does not make it good ... <br /> <br /> And all this - bad design and bad animation could solve a good story , No? That was not the case here. In fact, the story was the worst in the movie. She was below some level. It starts straight ahead, goes straight ahead and ends the same way. There is no intervention, no surprises, no good dialogues, no developments. We've heard and seen stories about the machines that have surpassed humanity a thousand times, and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the first minute of this film. The characters do not even have time to get into the story - they are just there, they show up almost instantly and immediately some of them take steps without learning what's going on. It just did not work. There are also many repetitive action sequences that looked as if they were filled with time for lack of story ... Performer, sound and script - Oh my God, what I can say was pathetic. A bad story has a bad script and besides dialogues like "No, do not do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can not do it yourself!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to save him!" etc. and so on, and repeatedly all the time, so besides these terribly pathetic dialogues there were those non-stop "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh" and "Oooh" and "Whatchout"! "and" OhOhh! "that follow almost every jump, run or fall of characters and even sounds like they were not synchronized or even unannounced Conclusion: bad play, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprise, no action, nothing, only a few good designs are not worth the time BIG NO!
