I really can not believe Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, the two people I loved to make. Tim Burton is a great director, but to be honest, I lost interest in him for a while, because his latest films were either remakes or edits. He produced a great "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I watched several times and directed films like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow," which are great movies. Bekmambetov directed 3 movies that I like: night watch, watch and wanted. I only saw the three, but he proved he was a great director. Those two people who produce one of many reasons, I was thrilled to see 9. So today I went to go to it in the theater. I was so excited to see her finally. I waited 7 months before the movie came out. This movie is the first time I went out of the film about Tim Burton and said, "I was looking forward to it almost." I felt it broke me. I think that with him and Bekmambet on the production front you would expect this movie to be a good watch. Right now I still can not see how I was in this movie. I did not even hear about the original short film before I saw it, but now I can say successfully that this film should remain a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp did AWESOME full length remake Alive in Joburg District 9, what was so hard to get right about 9 ??? I really wanted to think this movie was amazing. I really did. But no, it has failed at many levels. <br /> <br /> The plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. I had no idea what was going on, let alone it be. Basically, there are a lot of robots trying to save the country. Well, that's what I got from it. But writing here is very bad. The whole movie jumps like a 6 year old with A.D.D. telling the story. There is this big, giant robust robot that wakes up and causes destruction. This is the main villain. Nothing else that is wrong in this movie is that ALL IS ACCESSIBLE FROM THEM. There were too many robots, most of which have no logical explanation. They have no development at all. I mean, flying a pterodactyl as a monster is just emerging from nothing, we have no idea where it comes from, and Acker just expects to know what it is. What was still slowed down was that the snake was like a creature with cracking eyes that hypnotized. I venture to give this description to someone else loud and expecting they will not laugh. All three of the people I told about laughed. Oh, and surrounds the victims and nests them inside. I am. NO. KIDDING. <br /> <br /> The reverse of Law III is the slowest aspect of the whole movie. So he basically returns 9 to the room he woke up in, finds this hologram box from the scientist in him 9 and he tells him that the big awesome machine robot was designed to bring the life of the robot to the ground but then the evil people use it for war and to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life 9 to help protect the world with him. AND IT'S ONLY THE LOCATION THAT IT IS LIFE ON 9. But what about the other robots? WHO KNOW HIS LIVING WITH HIM? ???????? This is a perfect example of a bad written hurry. There is only one of those life-threatening things that exists as it did with the other 8 who got their lives ??????? These characters are not at all possible. They risk their lives for no reason. The only good figure is 7, 6 I was angry with "GO BACK TO THE SOURCE !!!!!!" rambling, 1 is an exaggerated idiot, 2 we do not know anything, 5 poisoned me with his "Are you sure ..." or "Can I have a place here ...?" questions. And it ends? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks the end was a huge moment of WTF. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to redeem on this tour except beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful, I love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. But beauty can not save a good movie. Although it is true that this movie is very pretty, it's pretty nice, and 9 is squatting. I'm sure Burton fans will go into the theater to see this movie no doubt, in fact with his and Bekmambet's names that are thrown around the promos, people gather in the theater to see this movie. I know I may be making a big deal of nothing, but by watching this movie I realized how much I hate movies with dissimilar characters, a nonexistent plot and a pure style over content. And this movie is one of those movies.
