In particular, this film is not a complete disaster. If you have never heard of a real story about Gram Parsons, it might seem like a reasonably fun divergence. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - it's pretty nice when he's looking a lot and down on the ground and you can a little rooted for his long-suffering everyone. Michael Shannon, for almost the same reasons, is certain, except that he is a hippie stoner. There are some good comedy scenes - the hippy-hearse crashes into the door of the airport curtains protruding. But there's a good thing about it and we start to see aspects that really disappoint this movie. The character of Robert Forster, as the real father of Gram, is the invention so disgraceful that he has made sense of the whole movie. We all know that his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could certainly be compared to Gram's life on the edge of a better filmmaker. Having Forster as his supposed real father and not his father would be bad enough if not because of the known difficulties with which Gram and the man who actually flew to gather his body. It was suggested that his father who happened to be giving Gram's mother with alcohol when she was dying, and that it was outrageous for Gram to learn later. Also, the dispute over where Gram's body was buried would certainly be a good reason for not creating a nice-made father who actually catches up to the duo and their boys, but then lets them continue burning. Irrespective of the truth about the man Gram was called Parsons, he does not like the Forster character, and it's hard to understand why this role was written. Then Christina Applegate is a greedy little girl (but of course very pretty) who wants Gram's body back so she can start collecting her property. Her character and her acting do not exist and one asks why the director not only went all the pigs and included the lesbo scene between her and the chick who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (it would not reduce the tone much more). When you think about the ingredients that could have been used in a good film about Parsons, the shortcomings of this film are easy to see. Country music was changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long-haired, loving, loved with ladies and eventually self-destructive. Real events like rocking doors and painted funerals and friends like Keith Richards. Instead, we must focus fully on Kaufman's entry into Gram's life. Kaufman is obviously still blooming with the cultural status he has gained for what he has done (surely it is a small cult). It is clear from interviews that he is delighted. Remember, this is the man who made a note about Gram Parsons's naked corpse's genitals when he prepared for what he did was not a matter of great loyalty, but a doping alcoholic escapade. If we look at Knoxville and the director in the interviews, some things are obvious. Obviously, they do not have a real insight into Gram's life, nor do they want to. They want a hit movie about an event that is shameful and crazy. It was an amazing life with a strange ending. That the end is the only thing covered by this film shows how limited the gram of Gram Parsons had.
