I'm not sure if users should be allowed to view movies for only seven minutes but I'm afraid I just could not stand another minute. If this disproportionate excuse for the film does not look like you have a great GP, which turns like a wheel in his grave, then I doubt something will happen. An excellent overview of "Not for Parsons Movie fans" summarizes most of my feelings. How dare the director and the writer to try something that they are so clearly unable to deliver. What did they think? Where to start? <br /> <br /> SCRIPT: I thought I'd get a slice of America's hot-water. What I received was a poorly crafted slapstick without clichés remaining. A stupid hippie? Control. A stupid fat cop? Control. A fabulous plot? Control. Incorrectly written female characters? Check twice. Absolute ignoring the story you are trying to show? Check it out. <br /> <br /> After some time, you realize that what you are watching is soap and it's not too well written. Scene with Knoxville. Scene with Ex girlfriend. The scene with Knoxville, which did not move very much. Scene with Ex girlfriend, which was a bit like last. And so on ... DIRECTION: My friends and I decided, after some consideration, that watching it was like watching a bad episode of Quincy, or perhaps a particularly poor Hazzard. This is the wrong direction. Terrible jumps, awesome camera work, clumsy trip and scenes shots. God, it was sad. And then I found out that the director was Irish, which is the most notable recent work is really a miserable BBC Sunday night drama called Monarch of the Glen (believe me, it's the lowest common denominator of TV). And then it all made sense ... ACTION: We are so critical now that when a random guy from television decides to play, if he is not that bad, he smells, we applaud his efforts? Knoxville JUST ABOUT can get through every scene. Poor Christina A. is not so lucky. Her performance is a car crash (though what you do with these lines, I do not know). "Hippy" in the burial ground: oh dear, oh, dear. Did not we start from Cheecha and Chong? I could go on, but I think it's my drift. I would like to say that, as mentioned in other reviews, no one in this movie clearly knows how to fly for Byrds, Flying Burrito Brothers or Gram's solo work. They did not know anything about the American road movie, and they certainly did not do anything to try to do anything with a decent story of rock mythology. This film was shallow, nothing exploded, and the jaw fell unhappily from the beginning to ... oh, wait, I did not finish. And I suggest that you stay away.
