From questions and answers before and after, that's what I could gather: Some Irish guys want to shoot a movie. Nothing specific, just a movie. So, one evening at the party, hearing some ex-roadie tells him a classic piece of rock n 'roll tradition; the one about how the dead Gram Parsons was stolen from LAX from his loyal road to honor Parsons' wish to be burnt in JoshuaTree. Wow! What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (good, land), grave robbery, escape, friendship, 1970s! I think we could get Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it's a bit of a joke, and Knoxville wants to make a movie too. Why did he have to think he had another "Snatch" on his hands? But this story is not really that exciting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against. Like a psychopathic little girl after his money! But Parsons was married at the time. That's O.K., no one knows. Besides we could get Christina Applegate. But what if the idea of ​​stealing the corpse does not like the audience, we get our father to join the persecution, but eventually grant permission. But Parsons' father killed himself when he was 10 years old, in fact, his orphan status and tragic childhood are a key part of Parsons mythology. Mythology? We're doing a movie! This is a creative solution to problems. <br /> <br /> It's unpleasant for anyone who is even vaguely familiar with the subject. Applegate's presence doubles. First of all, her fanciful figure is a Beverly Hills girl before her time-she could still walk through the movie in the hand of a mobile phone, and secondly, what kind of person would Parsons ever be, if ever associated with such a kind of harp? Facts are not just distorted or omitted but REVERSED. They could easily find the villains they wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who was trying to pull his body back to his home country, where the law would favor the division of a significant heritage. And music, oh, the music I love. Music is hacked (the bridge of the song here, there the choir), forced to the background and eventually terribly covered by the smartest new indie by the Starsailor band. My girlfriend asked the film for a futile but irresistible question - was there someone, a writer, a producer, a director, actually a fan of Gram Parson? No, no. He never heard of Gram Parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love him and here are some facts I read in bio online. Another guy, willing to cool down Parsons, said that together with Keith Richards, they'd sparked acid together and wrote "Wild Horses" together, a mixed set of facts like an off-base like a movie. Another man asked, was it not morally dubious to transcribe history when most people knew about this film? Well, he had a real allowed road (he was even set up) and Parsons' parcel gave permission, and all those other people who got a paycheck said it was great. But what I really thought was, he asked, in an embarrassing, trembling voice of really interested Parsons, was it if the movie was so cheap (a million) that they did not consider the original fans of Gram Parsons as an audience? The director and the writer seemed to think it was not a fanless figure, even though I doubt that Mojo would be read, the music fan Country-Rock 70 would agree. But a bunch of Britons did it, I guess, and they did not care about American space music or even knew they existed. It's not just about Parsons's true move, it's not even true - it's not a legend. At least he should have the sentimentality of one of his songs. And a lot of people would like to say so. I should mention that the film was well received from a bunch of stoned college children right behind the slopes and Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a Parsons fan to ignore the title, it's just a movie for Jackass fans.
