The scarecrow is located in the small American town of Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is considered a local nerdy geek teacher and classmates as well. A poor kid suffers from daily humiliation, bullying, teasing, and general reverence that will destroy abuse in the hands of his peers. Unfortunately, he does not find much at home because his mother is a whore and when Lester harasses one of her blocks, she is chasing him in a cornfield and strangling a poor child. However, something magical will happen (no, the movie suddenly will not turn out to be good), Lester's spirit is transformed into grain fields of scarecrows, which he then uses as a body to avenge those who bother him and make his life a hell ... < co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, who, according to the IMDb credit list, also has a role in the film as someone called Mr. Duforq, even though I do not remember any character of that name, I suppose someone who ends up on the IMDb site for the Scarecrow is probably already aware my terrible reputation, and I have to say that it is very well deserved because it is terrible. Scenario Itier, Bill Cunningham, and Jason White use a story often told of one of the life losses that are picked and tortured without a good reason to avenge a supernatural way in a relatively straightforward splash of adolescent teenagers. We've seen it before, we've seen murderous scarecards earlier, we've seen that the homeless had been destroyed beforehand, we've seen one of our lives lost before our revenge, we saw wisely crackling villains making jokes about killing and seeing an incompetent sheriff town that was even worse before. The only real question that needs to be answered to the Scarecrow is whether it's fun if you look at the level of silly teen slasher type? The answer is absurd. The movie has a terrible character, a terrible dialogue, an inconsistent and predictable story, has some cheeseman like a scarecrow kills someone with a blade asking: "Can you dig it?" A so-called ending twist, which focuses on leaving things open for the sequel, is just lame. The film moves at a reasonable pace, but it's not that exciting and killing is forgotten. You know I'm still trying to figure out how someone can be stabbed and killed with a wolf corn ... Director Itier does not do a particularly good job here, the scenarios of killing are ill-treated with no building, which means there's never been any tension, seconds from the performance of the character are killed. I'm also not happy with the fact that the hunk killer does all these back-flips and somersaults in the air in the scenes that seem to belong to The Matrix (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu flick! To get some credit, the real scarecrow looks really good and looks quite nice, but has little to avoid, except spattering bad unicorns and a little spinning. Do not you think the bond to a wooden horse in the middle of a corn is boring all day? I know he's a murderous scarecrow, but I still say he's bored, he's just stuck all day on a wooden stick! There is no nudity and the gore is not something to write about, there is some decapitation, some face is burned, someone is killed with a wart of corn, someone gets a shovel in the throat, some sickles are stuck in human heads, some have their the heart torn, and someone has a metal thing that gets stuck on the back of the head that comes out of the mouth. With an estimated budget of about $ 250,000 it was apparently shot down in 8 days, well at least not waste time on unimportant things like story and character development. Technically it is almost a point, shoot and hope for the best things. When you look at that guy on the floor who just pulled his heart out, you can clearly see that he's still breathing ... The behavior is angry, the guy who played Lester's mommy boy is wearing his deepest looking wig and a fake mustache, because he played two roles in the movie and the creators needed to mask him but they ended up making it look ridiculous & do not let me start on his accent ... The savage has several fun moments and the real scarecrow himself is a nice creation with good special makeup effects, but as a whole, the film is badly made, badly acting, stupid, too predictable and very cheesy. If you want to see a great killer scarecrow, then look at the Straw (1988). You do not have to be confused with the movie Straight from Gene Hackman & Al Pacino (1973) or the upcoming scary movie Scarecrow (2008), which is currently in production. The Scarecrow proved to be quite popular on home video to make two more direct videos for the sequel, Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
