Let's be honest, right? Al Gore no longer cares about the environment until most people care about contact with the sponge. It's a hook! Do not make a mistake, Al Gore is POLITICAL! Three years ago he was released / dispatched in his home country and operated 70 mph in a 55 mph zone, not hybrid, Yugo, or GM Metro, but LINCOLN (go google if you like)! Or the fact that Mr. Gore and his Hollywood buddies are still using private fuel jets to attend the premieres of "Inconvenient Truth." So much for preserving, huh? In any case, it takes only a few minutes to look subjectively into the "Inconvenient Truth" and to discover the main underlying mistake. While the film overlooks many seemingly imposing scientists who tell audiences about the effects of "global warming", there is no scientist who tells us that it should be the cause. For example: I can take a hundred people to the car park and can point to a car that is not right. But, they can tell you for sure why? Generally not! Second defect, exactly how were meteorological devices 100 years ago (toilet not invented yet)? What did they have, the June error in the mailbox? Shit, even 50-60 years ago? Therefore, how do we know by any certainty that the planet "heats up" when the records of the past are at best unclear? Or is that the only cause? The answer is we do not have & Science is NEVER a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine released the title "New Ice Age". The truth is that any 6th class scientist well known in Earth Science will tell you that volcanic eruptions, solar activity and El Ninos have more to do with our eradicated changes in climatic conditions than "global warming" supposed. Finally, what Al Gore does not manage enough to solve is; even if America chose to follow the global gospel according to Al & implement everything it recommends, how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow us when we can not even agree on something as obvious as terrorism? Answer: It's a godly wish, Mr. Gore, and you are a former US Vice President who knows it! If the people who produced the "Inconvenient Truth" were really honest, the titles of their film "Al Gore Wants Attention". But what I really would like is someone to ask for the former VP; why were two of the planet's biggest polluters (AKA China and India) exempt from complying with the Kyoto agreements? Anyway, I hear that A.I.T producers are working on the next film "Gnomes, Fairies and Elves: our Endangered Friends".
