The inconvenient truth is just as simplistic and demagogic as a turgid promise made by furious and idiotic Republicans, it moves along incontrovertible lines until they try to break into your face, that we all die for a few hundred years, which is no doubt, but who is , people are selfish, destructive beings, I honestly do not waste time that takes care of human extinction. I call it "natural development". Let's start the apocalypse, but in the meantime we will have to listen to the same discreet, inclined politicians who are proposing another "new society", well, do not be fooled, we will all be dominated by the rich, the rulers and the idiots who have created disasters first. Nothing will change at all. Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite obvious in the movie because he is powered by a gas car that himself used a consumer computer but also lives on huge acres of a country in a relatively large seat, the country was used for destructive erosive purposes, including livestock, tobacco, pig breeding (which concerns the stop methane) and who knows what else, its wealth is based on exploitation, greed and its investments are numerous large companies in the world with debatable records. I hardly think that this man is capable of recite less, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another absurd political party, that is all, even though he gives the same terrible features that make politics and politics so awful. This bosom feeds on a comfortable life and yet lectures the poor people in Africa about agriculture and cutting and burning techniques? He travels world-class seats in fuel nozzles, uses a computer-based document on the computer, yet thinks everything is a "moral problem." He is completely absorbed in his own washable nightmares, says he has come to these conclusions because of his sister's death (from tobacco-induced cancer and almost his son's death by the automobile of all things). Has he fought tobacco companies or suggested that cars be banned because they are dangerous masks? NO. Everything must serve the "economy," so why is he different, the answer is that he is not. His abandoned and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are catastrophic, all when he is filmed in a forest or a small river evading an aging life confirming a quote. Well, Mr. Gore, why do not you try to live like ordinary people? He is a politician, simple and simple, having a career invested in the structure of power. My question is why should not focus on the strong industrial nations of the country that are responsible for most of the complications? He will not do this because it would be unreasonable for "investments, stocks and corporations". Al Gore gives a monotonous lecture on the subject in the documentary, specifically to the rich white people in the audience, who applaud to show signs, figures and percentages, and to speak in a completely sad tone, no one without a Harvard education (who controls the elite) can that sense, but tells us everything goes to hell. It is not fun, but I think that this problem is not exactly the approach that capitalism has accepted for the planet, namely that it is consumed and the waste dump. It never mentions how industrialization has created these problems, it just wants to make light bandages on them, but not to eradicate the entire oppressive system. Obviously, he was spoiled, sent to schools for elites, and has the same basic temperament of politics as any other stinging, inconsistent dullard in Washington. Whoever did this propaganda, because they did not differ from what the Republicans took, meant only the goals that governed the capitalist impulse. That means someone will benefit and "new green" politicians, who support venture capitalist companies buying land hordes in an attempt to develop a "new utopian future" with "new technologies", seem to be benefiting. It is the same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elitist structure, really believes that there is a "democracy" in the US that I consider very naive. If we do not pay for oil companies, we will pay them to wind and solar companies. I found the speech at the end of a fairly wounded, and according to something GW Bush should be cast out for silly crumpled masses, Gore talks about "uniting people who joined together in the 1990s to defeat communism" in terms of global warming , absolutely nothing else than trying to get people into basic emotions. In this way he did not understand that communism in the world never existed, systems in Europe and the USSR were only a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism, which is different from what governs the interests of the United States. Social ecology has not been mentioned here, which is indeed a travesty. To change the world, it must get rid of obsolete systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
