Hmm? I agree with the reviewer, who said that "spectators with great taste have been watching this movie." I thought the movie was so interesting that she was looking at it. I think it was primarily due to Marsden and Speedman - not for the conspiracy. As a result, this film is mildly psychologically insidious and profoundly homophobic. A thumb on the first and three inches down to the other. I'm not sure if the film is designed to promote dialogue or spread fear and propaganda. I thought acting is average. Many interviews that were about 90 degrees of reality. I still wanted to draw some meaning from the conspiracy, but it's just an interview with a crazy man (Speedman). I feel a bit sorry (Speedman) because of his loss, but not really. Its loss is not bigger and is certainly less than the losses that every day in the world suffer from more serious causes. Does the film show naive HIV / AIDS? Yes: The intended audience. Is HIV a dark, mysterious, evil killer? What about the victims? The answer to both questions is NO. Neither HIV nor its victims have more or less sinister intentions than lupus, multiple sclerosis, tuberculosis, hepatitis, cancer, or their victims, FOR GOD. Just because the disease is portable does not mean that it is either intentional OR negligence - or evil - it's just that. Does he apologize for ignorance or crazy risk? - NO. Should all people practice safe sex? - YES. Will a safe sex save the world? - NO. Is safe sex realistic in all cases of love and lust among passionate and emotional people? ??? OF COURSE NOT. What kind of world would we live with if everyone respected the rules, never risked, and sex was never spontaneous and passionate? Do not forget that the film deals specifically with gay sex? ??? YES. HIV spreads through the sharing of blood or body fluids between infected and uninfected individuals. Sex is not for transmission, gay or other. <br /> <br /> I am always worried about the intentional violence of one person on the other. Actually, I thought the movie did a good job when it portrayed the absurdity of Tom's violent kidnapping, captivity and intent to Dan, and this kind of crazy violence occurs every day. <br /> <br /> Stream notes from the film's consciousness: Tom is crazy. Why does not Dan ask why "do you feel like this, rather than" what are you doing "? Consequences: Men who have sex with men receive "AIDS" Implications: HIV = AIDS Where was Tom's responsibility in a sexual act? Why was Dan responsible for using a condom? "Maybe you slipped it out before you stuck it?" What are we talking about? Was one of the parties unconscious? "Maybe she did not want to hear the truth" you're kidding "She's in heaven and so incredibly wounded about what she knows about me now"? Is Dan alive when he has HIV? Definitely not! Is that why the whole world is so homophobic? Do they think homosexuals are the cause of HIV, that they give it to the rest of the world and we all die? Are you kidding me??? Are people really stupid to think that homosexuality is the cause ... is the problem ??? Do we feel they are victims of tuberculosis? malaria? I see that Tom is injured because of his wife's death and he blames her for AIDS, but seriously? who is wrong here? Victim or virus? Are the diseases really the responsibility of the patient? (assuming they did not try to find the spread of this disease). <br /> <br /> Sure, safe sex is essential to a safe life, but it's not driving, not flying, not leaving home, non-living. Do we really want to blame the disease from the victims? Will a safe sex between Tom and Dan prevent the wife of Tom from ending out? Maybe, but not just his responsibility. <br /> <br /> Tom is crazy. I mentioned it. <br /> <br /> Tom to Dan: "Maybe you have what you deserve?" I RECEIVE! 24 days: Violent, naive and homophobic. Maybe. I think, however, that this film shows that homosexuals practicing safe sex are relatively equal or better than heterosexuals. We all need to wake up and seriously HIV / AIDS. HIV annually kills hundreds of thousands of direct Africans.
