Well, maybe the version of this game was impressive. Maybe. I just played the PS2 version and it's quite a mess. There are several elements that are fine or promising. I will mention the first, because it will be finished quickly. First of all, the idea of ​​a GTA game is great. The Gun game was a historical game similar to GTA and, unlike the mafia, the Gun was excellent. I would like you to see that during the mafia you will meet correctly. Furthermore, the story is well written. The story has meaning, has dramatic arcs, uses unusual equipment (with much of the game being backstage) and it's interesting. Finally, some graphics - especially those used in carvings - are impressive. Mafia designers seemed to focus on getting graphics right where GTA solved these efforts, especially figures. Unfortunately, in many other areas, the graphics a little bit sting, and I would rather have a great gameplay than the impressive looking characters. The game is what this title drops so low. First, the controls and the camera are completely vacuuming. This must be the first attention of all game developers. You can not release the game where controls and / or suction camera. Number One, there is no reason for the player character, Tom, to control a whole range of left-handed analog wand movements. If this is not absolutely necessary, and it is hard to do, I hate setting where the left stick moves the character "haunting" and the character can turn only with the correct analog lever. Here is not only unnecessary, but most of the simplest measures make a challenge. Tom, for example, has to make a few missions. But the game is designed so badly that you have to keep frustrated handling both with the right analog tape and the camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom instead goes down. <br /> <br /> Next, I've never seen a worse combat system. The first problem is that you can not purposefully confuse or lock on any targets. At one point in the morning, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock the targets, but it never worked. In order to focus on an enemy, you have to deal with the stupid right analog wand and try to adapt the orientation of the character and the camera that tends to drift to the wrong angle or to keep Tom away. By that time you are probably going to death or to death. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, if you touch or almost touch the enemy - and it will certainly be in the case of hand combat or when we use melee weapons, the combat system - which consists mainly of knocking or holding R1, is totally useless. Enemies can immerse you almost in a bear hug, but you can not move until you return. So close combat is by leaning to the left analog lever, yelling at the figure to move, which will not do 50% of the time, and then tap R1 as much as possible before the enemy gets too close and makes R1 unnecessary. And if your enemies change their angle in the meantime, you will also be struggling with the right analog wand to orient your character in the right way and get the camera in position to see anything. You will probably get shotgun or shot again, and your only option will be to try to move the characters again. My struggles often resided in guiding the circles around the area as a comedy film and hoping I would have enough time to fight the analog wand and get a few shots before it finds itself again in the mercy of AI. So much for realistic fighting. And the same problems exist when trying to fight weapons. If one touches someone, half the time that the controller just does not allow you to burn a shot can still overwhelm you with holes. Additionally, there is no automatic target and the target system is ridiculously sensitive, even with the sensitivity set to zero in the Options section. Gunfights consist of trying hopelessly to move or move while the enemy places a shot after the shot in you. Fortunately or not, the damage seems to be recorded almost randomly. It may take one to ten shots or more to avoid any character, and there is no rhyme or reason. You can put five shots in the head of the enemy and near the point an empty range and they will still return the fire and hurt you. Still, it seemed that the game designers took care of realism rather than building a backscatter to your targeting system, so after shooting with powerful weapons, your goal would be to get off the target and you would have to fight it again. <br /> <br /> <br /> As for the famous graphics, with the exception of the characters and textures you are close to, they are really disappointed. The distance always seems to be empty, and flat surfaces and flat textures are often found when driving. The city was not well designed. It is not sufficiently colorful and it is not interesting to see or do. Cars seem slow and difficult to control. They all say the same way. Some of them mentioned music, but it was also quite indescribable. A much better job could be done for this purpose. Just as many others have mentioned, loading times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to be a minute long, and they occur between and in the middle of everything - even races. Overall, the mafia port on the PS2, at least, seems to be very puzzled. The game feels and plays as incomplete hacking.
