The actors smirking in this movie. The story makes very little sense, but from what I gathered it was about this scientist who develops the ability to turn human objects into tiny steel balls that then fly into their mouths and convert them into zombies (or blow their heads up, whatever) . And the effects are also miserable. Most of the film is composed of bad music, with actors dancing as badly as bad music, scattered by several bored sex scenes. That should be one of the worst things ever happened, but one thing. One element of shear brilliance that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stands before everyone else. And this special quality is the presence of George. George is a nice interface between the daughter of a scientist, Jessica and a home computer security system. With his green hair and nose, bald scalp and heart-shaped George, Jessica's guardian angel / confidant, who asks him for advice on how to meet boys in one of the most dramatic dials ever captured on celluloid. With its monotone synthesized voice, Jessica says, what percentage of men prefer white women, and that pulling hiking is the third best way to meet boys after discos and bars. Of course, little Jessica just does not seem to be without any trouble, and would cause George to run the "Code of Emergency Program: Jessica's Protection," which leads to the violent death of a potential attacker Jessica over one of the above steel balls. Kubrick was utterly crazy when he thought he could give the personality of his computer using the details of red light. HAL should be represented by our friend George to better translate compassion for his eventual extinction. Do light and sound show at the end of "Closed Meetings"? It's not bad, but the better the movie would be if the first communication with the aliens was George puppet. Bishop, Data, R2? kitchen appliances next to Almighty George! It could only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but do not be fooled. This show is about George. Even with a limited amount of screnceme, George joins the ranks of such light film characters as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy of New Moon Rising as an icon of American cinematography. "George to Apache" ?? you are my hero.
