Have you ever had a nice picture in your mind that you thought it would be nice to be in the movie: As if he saw a detective looking through the cracks of a broken fence of a deserted house? Or see a woman who goes down a street that looks cool and intense and awfully watchful? Yeah. Imagine that this image stretches across the film, to the extent that you have got the idea of ​​Broken, although in this film I'm not detective, I use it only as a visual example. But here's a strong-looking woman and filled nearly 99% of the time on the screen. I have nothing to complain about, it is the perfect choice for this role. I consider myself to be a very open person who can find pleasure from all kinds of artistic expressions and I can really enjoy really moody things. It would be nice if I could build one scene from this movie and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest, the acting is excellent. Some expressions on actors' faces are what keeps me watching. <br /> <br /> Now take the problem of this movie. Besides mood, there is not much to do with it. The director basically took over the obsession with the idea and did it far beyond what is worth it. I do not think it's a spoiler when I say obsession is a "mirror". Let's look at it, this unique idea is all around the bloody place, and that's all the director has to work with. Sure, there is a couple twists and there and there. If you paid any attention, then nothing would surprise you, the apparent hole hole aside. <br /> <br /> Now I do not collect bones with this artistic style because I enjoyed them most of the time. I still believe that we should assess the artistic base on the medium it uses to express what artists want to express. The film is not music, painting or painting or even a poem, and it's definitely not just a cool picture in your mind. It's all, plus a good story and character development. I consider Lynch's movie style cheating. It's irresponsible and cheap and losing the media. We've been filming 2 hours of movie time for good reason. Therefore, we should consider it differently than judging a single image of the image, such as photography or painting. This movie is not entirely Lynch style, thank God. It has a linear development and eventually ended. It does not have much story or character of development. He was more of a character composed of ordinary people, so he got away from other fantasy things at least from the surface. It does not provide any explanation of the fantasy element, nor has it ever attempted to build a contiguous world around it. The peculiarity came from nowhere and seems to be rather isolated and random. Perhaps the coherence remains under the direction of the director, but from what I see did not make much effort to realize it on the screen. Where did he try? He seems to have made a lot of effort to build mood and enhance music. Music often created tensions that eventually turn into prey. It was only in the later part of the film that fear and tension had become. <br /> <br /> Finally, I felt like: OK, I know what you are trying to say, but is it the point you are trying to spend two hours building all these tensions? It is rather insignificant, with what characters and what kind of life they have. We get very little about who the characters are. The only thing we have is this circumstance. Disappointment, but I think the director did not have many materials to work with, and it shows it.
