I give this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched zillions of movies and I can clearly tell what the intellectual film with the message about the mind should look like. Sure, The Broken is not one of those movies. I have to admit that the film was thinking about me trying to understand what the whole thing is trying to do, and despite the explanations I read in the previous comments, it seemed to be exaggerated only because of people. the photo on the cover clearly shows that Broken is the broken upper part of the face that normally contains the brain. It is a clear statement that as soon as this part of the body breaks, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So you start waiting for movie characters to show their excluded parties, and that's not obvious in any scene, because the film starts right away without any introduction to characters and their lives earlier. While we can see that his father is holding a rifle when his children try to surprise them as if they were aware of their enemies, yet that is not a very strong trace. If the tracks were more deployed in the movie, we would say it is really a masterpiece. Though the movie was so slow, it was also empty, without metaphorical scenes. And the unification of the evil father with the evil Gena at the end is a powerful refutation of the evidence of existence reports that some people have spoken in other remarks. Furthermore, if Gen is actually living in an apartment, as her brother finally tells her, how is that bad? I bet I can surrender any theory about this film with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: This movie is demanding and a waste of time. It clearly shows that someone is trying to make something of insignificant secrets that is of no value at all. I'm a huge fan of horror films and especially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies. Horror films do not have to pass deep reports! They should reveal the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side, which is true, I think. Horror films should have blood, cries, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because it is real horror and never near reality. I have watched almost all the horror films and I can prove that each of them can be as real as the sun. Nothing is unreal until he thinks. For example, a horror movie "Train" with all the whispers and tensions and its similarities almost in everything with the "Hostelem" speaks of a very real thing that illegally sells body organs by hijacking people in strange places where nobody would ask or search for them. And even if we considered Broken a film that has an existential message, it is still very poorly presented and the least scary. I prefer the habit of habits that was introduced in Requiem for a Dream that overcame drug addiction to emphasize the fact that any dependence on sex, television, security / petting, etc. ... can be so devastating and scared me . And those who always criticize horror movies for being nonsensical and very commercial are usually just a bunch of people who are easily afraid and simply do not like the genre, but that does not mean they're fans of such films and they have a lot to offer to the audience from adrenaline turbulence, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), entertaining the most important personal conversation with the essence of life, how ugly and creepy it seems, Death!
