If the myth of the broken mirrors were accurate, anyone involved in this production would now have about 170 years of trouble because there are plenty of mirrors. If only the script was as broken as glass, then "The Broken" would be a brilliant movie. Now it's sadly just a long, inferior and boring movie with only a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis has made a very stylish and elegantly photographed film, but the story is insignificant, and the complete lack of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I got into a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the film. He thinks Ellis has found inspiration in an old legend that says the sight of your doppelganger is a precursor of how you die. Interesting theory, but I do not know this legend, and I found nothing about it on the Internet. Personally, I just think that Broken is the only other change to "Invasion of Body Hijackers," but without any interference. "Broken" focuses on McVey's American family living in London, and especially on Gina. When a mirror breaks spontaneously during a birthday celebration, it triggers a whole host of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina jumps in her car and watches her mirror image in a block of flats. While driving home in a state of mental confusion, it causes a terrible road accident and ends in a hospital. When Gina is denied, she feels the whole neighborhood is changing. She does not recognize her boyfriend, and her unfortunate fragments blink in her eyes. Are they suffering from mental traumas caused by an accident or is there a really supernatural conspiracy happening around her? Writer / director Sean Ellis definitely raises feelings of curiosity and tension in his script, but unfortunately he does not work properly. "The Broken" is a truly atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after half an hour of film you get to the painful conclusion that it just stays a beautiful but empty package. In this film there is a frustrating amount of "fake" tension. It means building up tension, through ominous music and exciting camera angels when nothing has happened yet. By the time the secrets really start, these tricks no longer have a terrifying effect on you. Some of my colleagues here compare the film and especially the style of Sean Ellis with the repertoires of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's how it works? WANT too much honor. PS: what's happening with this alternative spelling; the one with the Scandinavian "ø"
