This film is a pure, distilled, infallible boredom. I did not know anything about it before I went into the dark room and took the place. I was seduced by a "mysterious and thrilling" flash on the poster, as I suppose. Lena Headey is also pretty and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a reliable guy around her, and it seemed like acting is reasonable. Maybe it was his name over the headline that convinced me to go with this instead of what was different. I should take a look at Valkyrie the second time. The thin fence turns around Gina McVey, her boyfriend, her father, sisters, and her headlain sister's husband, who for some reason is being watched, in great lust and disrespect, their evil doppelgangers emerging from mirrors that they mysteriously break. This idea could be a great movie (not a completely original idea, you think, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers broke off all the supported cast and just kept the story of Headey's character, The Broken by You did a reasonable 20 minutes . He seems desperately unmotivated and boring and terribly inconsistent. For example, in one scene, the mirror breaks itself in a room where all the main characters are; they look confused but forget about it. In another scene, the mirror crushes in an empty room and the doppelganger can see how it "stands out" from the shards on the left hanging on the wall. So why does the first mirror break if the creepy crawl does not crawl? Just some excitement? There are too many character scenes in dazzled london flats that look around the horns because they thought they heard something but did not see anything there and go. We start wondering why this malicious doppelgang does not want to scare at all? Scare the characters and have the chance to scare the audience. But we, the audience, will have to start threatening each other in the darkness of the theater if we want to excite something during The Broken. By the way, as soon as we spent time with these evil twins, we were completely saddened by why someone should have expected them to be scared - just standing around, blank eyes on their faces, perhaps completely harmless after killing the others. <br /> <br /> There are some nice moods and touches, and I say that director Sean Ellis could make a truly stylish and thrilling mysterious film if he would hire an imaginary screenwriter next time.
