A few days after I wrote about how garbage like MAD COWS and THIS FILTER COUNTRY would receive money while Ange, Duncan, and Theo were totally ignored, I had to have another British film * to scratch me why he got one penny. Some people can claim that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly acclaimed novel, it has a built-in market, but both this film country and MAD COWS were also edited from novels and sufferings; /> I read a synopsis of a plot where a lot of dirty classes to go to a remote lock where they are thrown out by an internet cult, but to be honest, it's not as the story breaks down and somebody is expecting Friday 13th. SHINING will be bitterly disappointed because 90-95% of the run is taken up with the characters are using drugs and discussing sex. And what are the hateful figures. None of them is in any way helpful and within a few minutes you will be nostalgic to Stalin, Mao, and Pol Pot to hope that the next time someone embarks on the Communist Democracy will succeed in creating an egalitarian utopia. Everything that will mean the end of such a decadent bourgeois sense that the hateful characters in this movie are going out can only be welcomed <br /> <br /> Not satisfied that the film where the plot is meandering and where the audience fails To connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things by getting all the smart and arts. There is no doubt that it will impress us to fall on our knees and weep: "Oh, God, how wonderful the director how we bamboozles us with his highly artistic technique and only worthless plebe will not appreciate what God's talent man is ". I'm sure the overwhelming majority of people either screamed, "How come my projects were rejected, though it was not?" Or "WTF was the last half hour of this bite?" by saying that the original source's novel was incurable and that made it impossible for the film. I agree that this film is inconvenient <br /> <br /> * I know that IMDb class as an American movie, but the style and mistakes with DEAD BABIES are definitely British. Americans may think they have hard things with Bush, but we have Tony Blair, not to mention dead BABIES, MAD COWS, and THIS FILTHY COUNTRY. No wonder everyone is ashamed of being British in the 21st century
