This movie could be used in movie classes in the "How not B-Movie Scripting" course. There is a natural narrowing in B-Movie: Budgets are tight, time is rare (the scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days) and actors are often green and inexperienced. The only aspect that you have full control of is writing the best scripts you can within the limits you have set before you. The scarecrow appears to be written in a drunken haze. I could go through fifteen examples of senseless scripting of this film, but I would just mention one: The Gravedigger. The character of the grave is presented for about an hour in the movie. He seems to have no connection with any of the other characters in the movie. He is shown with his daughter, who has no relation to anyone else in the movie. The cemeteries will get a few scenes that will be grumpy and then killed to clean up body counts. Why to do Gravedigger's daughter? Why give a daughter a friend? Why imagine them so late in the movie? Why do not you try to be part of the ongoing process? The scarecrow does not seem to be interested. The "Story" of a scarecrow is something like that: Lester is a high school girl (actor and actor I should be at the age of 30) who are chosen by other children. He is an artist who draws birds and is in the mood for a classmate named Judy. His mother is fresh and fucked. One of her crazy friends makes fun of his drawings (by calling him a "bassoon" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." If you have a college student still drawing cowboys, I would think, a high school student who draws crows) and later he will kill Lester on a corn field under the title of a scarecrow. Magically, Lister's soul gets into a scarecrow. Somehow, these transformations will transform Lister's soul from the artist into a mental gymnast (I know some reviews call a scarecrow and a Kung-Fu scarecrow.) I disagree, the scarecrow practically makes the all-day routine ahead of the wheelchair lead during the peak of the movie. The scoundrel continues to kill those who have bothered him, those who smoke the pots in the cornfield, those who spear the tombs, the friends of the graves' daughters, almost everyone who appeared in the movie. <br /> <br /> You have to mention the bonus function on DVD. The director (the French) makes an improvised version of rap music, admits he does not like the managers around in order to twist his wife at work and gives a quote that lives (and I paraphrase): "Life ez and bitch, but et has a great ass" Number of beers I drank when watching this movie: 5 Did you help: No Number of beers needed to get this movie: Anything you need to get into a blackout drunk level.
