Over the last 20 years, most British films have been about how terrible the United Kingdom has been suffering and how our youth has no chance of a good life while living on the middle streets of British cities. The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​"broken Britain". Trainspotting, This is England, childhood, soccer factory, Kes and London to Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to this list. The main character expresses the desire to go straight but still insists on dressing dead beats who carry weapons and fight gang members over anything. I was never convinced that he wanted to go straight because he had nothing to stop educating or trading him. In fact, it would be a blast of fresh air if he had gone straight and we had a character that changed life. Instead, he spends his time helping his friend, who is trying to commit murder. I did not feel sympathetic when another teenager is predictably filmed at the end of the film, which is sad because at the beginning of the film I really liked the whole family and their desire for success. I believe the creators have missed a great chance to show the world that success belongs to those who are really willing to do it (like Pursuit of Happiness). <br /> <br /> I know that the aim of this movie was to try to find a realistic picture of what life is for black teenagers living in working class areas in Britain, but in Britain we no longer have enough films with the same conspiracy? Is not it time for these talented producers and writers to give Britons something they would try and show them that a better life is just around the corner? I congratulate Bullet Boy's creators that they do not shoot a film of utterly homeless violence to try to gain success thanks to shock factors (such as Kidulthood, the Football Factory) but at the same time this film does not offer anything new to a long list of British films that are really boring and depressing. There is no happy end of this movie or any of the other things I mentioned.
