The film, like Amazing Grace and Chuck, is a perfect example of how the left in this country simply can not. They never did. And liberalism continues to deepen into political oblivion. This film deals with a small league baseball star who decides to stop playing the ball as a protest against the existence of nuclear weapons. The boy is of course ridiculed until his side of professional athletes led by former NBA star Alexe English joins his case. Not just a few of them joined the case. By the time his move reaches his zenith, the entire league of professional and college sports must cancel his season, because no one will play. Just to translate this review, I'm willing to give them this assumption. Even if it never happens for a million years, just imagine it, then go from there. I do not remember how, but some kind of agreement is reached and the boys decide to return to the game they love in an incredibly hideous and ridiculous scene. Before criticizing the message of this film, let me just say that this film is badly written, acted and directed. Even if one agrees with the boy's attitude, it would be impossible to overcome how hard the film was built. And that's a shame because there are a lot of good actors who are losing. (Peck, Curtis, Petersen). Alex English is as good to have with his character and I wish he tried to act in more films. Unfortunately, it's much easier to find a job in NBA coaching. One wishes the Englishman to teach more of these nasty NBAs today to shoot the rock a bit better. Alex definitely knew how to put the ball over the hoop. As for the message of the movie, it's simply wrong. Simple and simple. All those nuclear warheads stuck in those rocket forces out west the PREVENTED WAR !!!!! It would not be for this boy and his flock to protest against a real war or the use of nuclear weapons. In fact, these weapons were never used, and that was a genius of their existence. None of the parties during the Cold War was crazy enough to shoot one rocket. Without these weapons, who knows what could happen between the US and the USSR. The creators of this film apparently set out for children in America to take their cause and follow in the footsteps of the Chuck. Children in America are, however, smarter than the left wings that created this blow. <br /> <br /> The film costs only 2 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> If you want to see a great movie about the danger of nuclear war, Strangelove. br /> <br /> Mr. Newell, you are not Frank Capra!
