One of the five worst movies I've ever watched. And I'm not exaggerating. In fact, I recommend tracking it so you get the same feeling of mistrust as you can watch showgirls. Of the 400 votes, the film will have a rating of 5.3 / 10. There are, however, an inappropriate number of voters who gave it 10/10, probably because of the film's message - nuclear weapons are a break of humanity. Chuck Murdock is an all-star little league jug who gives baseball because there are nuclear weapons. Soon "Amazing Grace" Smith is a versatile Boston Celtic, inspired by Chuck's story and giving up basketball. Soon all sports leagues from professional level to high school to a small league are falling apart in a worldwide protest. Later all children of the world run away. This is inspiring the President of the United States to meet the Soviet Prime Minister, who has timely agreed to put down all nuclear weapons in time to start the next Little League season. The film ends when Chuck plans to knock out the first pitch when the president tells his new best friend, Chuck, that he does not have to worry about losing every dough because he did not throw out baseball for a year. <br /> <br /> Somewhere along the line, the shameful boss of the underworld kills Amazing Grace. When the President finds out that he is informed that the FBI can verify the murderer, he will never prove it. So the president calls the Underworld chief ("But it does not matter," "I do not care, I'll get him on the line") and tell him he has to step down from all the boards he sits on and sell all the shares he has. And I can not get it again. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie was so bad that I could not turn it off. It was on television from 2:30 am to 4:00 am and I was all watching. I was not turned off by propaganda against nuclear weapons. I was switched off by the unlikely disintegration of all organized sports. I do not even know why Amazing Grace Smith was killed. And all these famous athletes became Chuck's friends why his father was constantly upset with his son who had taken the main stalls. And there was a cliché moment when the father told Chuck: "I never told you, but I'm proud of you." Cue hug.
