It's really a shame that almost no one under 30 knows the "top" writing articles from Michael O'Donoghugh and SNL skittles that were brilliant for the time ... and so it's really a shame that anyone who can take the opportunity to explore that his work will undoubtedly make an easy way out and watch the videos - and thus bring them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie has clever elements that never ever fully engage in funny bones. The viewer experiences things like diving / swimming with a cat, with a man who thinks he has found cats' luck by throwing these kittens into the pool, which the camera progresses slowly and gradually. Then they will take us to the island where all the past fashion is retired (hula hops, pet rocks, rain scenery scary etc.) Then we enter the music world (punk was at the time of this film with new music) D "performer bar Rootboy Slim performs" boogie until it turns around "in its own lazy style of dirt and eclectic dullness.There is now true beauty of all kinds of music.In many different styles with many different instruments TELSTAR plays and plays - for those who do not understand Telstar, the first American satellite was launched into the universe and the theme was created to celebrate the genius and triumph of mans MR MIKES seems to be meant as a signal of the social decline of ridiculous waste Now one thing offered the theater that the video release is not a live performance Sid Vicious (Ex Sexual Pistol No Wrestler) WAY, its version is very different from Sinatras, as you can imagine, but I have a feeling that it's worth listening to ... that's good! That's a sad part - in the VHS release Paul Anka rejects the rights to his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation that intersects with the image of the singer's dead pistol. <br /> <br /> I'm playing a theatrical version of 5 or 6, the video is closer to 4, and now that it's too passé, I see where a lot of people would give it 3 or 2.5. To see the good script of O'Donoghugh's SCROOGED ... it's better to honor men's insight and talent.
