Well, I'm probably gonna have everyone in this place, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've seen a long time ago. We have a two and a half hour movie that feels like his three and a half because he has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family who has to move out of the house because of drought and famine. They have to travel south to cities to find some food or work. They will conveniently find a sack of jewelery and find out that the drought is over. Clearly. With this knowledge they will return home with their wealth and everything is fine and beautiful. <br /> <br /> Well, it takes about an hour and a half, and when it's incredibly lifeless at this point, it's a nice arc. Do you think it would be a fantastic place to end the movie. The movie then continues for an hour. And in this time she has a simple story about a family that deals with the hardships of the world and transforms it into a sappy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy among lovers. Oh yeah and age old, money is the roots of all evil white blah blah. Just because you know that you are doing an epic film does not mean that your story may go unnecessarily longer than it should. The main idea I would like to gather about this film is that this country is good for this family and keeps them together. So why spend an hour telling the story of a wealthy man who has fallen in love with another woman, and why is the final moment of a movie devoted to a wife that our main character was not really interested in most of the movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, wait and the movie is not the only thing that is wrongly written, the main character of the wife has absolutely no sense. He complains a lot about being a slave and never wanting to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. So why on a hat is she willing to sell her daughter only to slavery. Even if they are starving at the time of this thought, it makes no sense to tell them about 20 minutes later that they do not want the slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other movies from the 1930s that should be paid attention. The only thing that matters about is cinematography. Earth is beautifully shot, oh and the sequence with grasshoppers is pretty impressive. Pity I was in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I know that at this point, Hollywood was mainly focused on the stars, and they thought a good actor could tell anything. For most of the film, Paul Muni portrays an Asian man according to his best abilities, but once he encounters a half-point in which the film continues unreasonably, he loses it and becomes a common old Italian paulit, even cutting his hair like Tony of Scarface movie than this one). Of all the main characters in the movie, I think maybe three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans stupid. Oh, please, Miss Rainer, that was really a nice note, not if I could kick the Oscar out of your hands, I would. <br /> <br /> Good Earth is an epic waste of time. If you want something along this fucking watch on a nice evening to get the grapes of anger, a movie that really deserves all the praise it gets. Mainly because it was not written by a monkey.
