... because they are both very miserable. I think the best part of the film is the terrible imperial picture of Faye Dunaway on the top of the stairs. It looks like she could very easily step out of the picture, tear someone to bloody pieces and re-enter the portrait looks like nothing happened. Now you know the movie is in trouble when some of the set furniture can attract your attention. I confess, I paid $ 30 for a DVD, so I saw Faye Dunaway in the current horror. I know what you mean - $ 30 directly into the black hole. And you would be right. This movie is upset. There it is right outside. I expected some real dreams and I waited and I waited and waited. No one came. Raven (probably a make-up crow) did not scare me when I saw a small piece of internal organs, did not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not that brave, I know, so it must be the movie that's a problem. What's more, Jennifer was not even afraid. Her inner organs literally crumbled and seemed to be more frightened than anything else. Her life is fast approaching and she is afraid to get more money. Honey, you can not take the money where you go! "I need money," she says constantly, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and ceased to work. Meanwhile, I spent the whole outrageous film wondering what happened to my grandmother (Faye). At first I was a suspect, Faye played grandmother and everything, and I was still suspicious at the end. There is another relative in the house that Jennifer and Mary Ellen's grandmother from hell are forced to share temporarily, and I think she is of the same generation as her grandmother. Here's the strange part - the relative seems to have just endured the celebration of eight hundred birthdays. Mary Ellen appears to have just been given a facialist lift from a renowned surgeon. Face-lift can not do miracles, but I think Faye's look is important for fish paper. RUŠIČ VZTLAKU !!! It seems that the family suffers from a disease that affects bad acting ... sorry, my little joke. But it's really all that causes their organs to fail and eventually fall apart. Yuck, yeah? Interestingly, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. How did she avoid a family curse? Something is happening to her, of course. Another reason sadness loses thirty dollars - this film is one of my feature film lovers. I mean double ending. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate it when it happens, and in this movie it seems like the director shot the end, he did not like him and forgot to remove him when editing. I think it should be scary, but it's only when you're a film editor. <br /> <br /> There is one bout of this debacle and this is one of the reasons why I bought a DVD. The filmmaker's commentary includes Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how she is doing when she did not have lines to recite. Guess what - the movie was so saturated that I could not sit again. Wire.
