Jennifer's Shadow is based in Argentina and begins as Jennifer Cassi (Gina Philips), who arrives there after her sister Johanna died. Jennifer remains Johanin's big house in her will, Jennifer decides to sell her house and head back to Los Angeles, although her grandmother Mary Ellen (Faye Dunaway) is against the sale. No matter how strange things are going on, Jennifer begins to have nightmares when Ravens collapses and begins to feel very sick. After checking in the hospital, one of her kidneys seems to have disappeared mysteriously about what's going on with Jennifer? Is it a long family curse? It will be Jennifer another to be subject ... <br /> <br /> This Argentinean American co-production was co-written and co-directed by Daniel de la Vega & Pablo Parés & is really a boring waste of ninety minute tiny, boring and predictable story about a modern spirit that I imagine gives a lot of people to sleep before they are scared. Scenario Vega, Parés & P.J. Pettiette is quite slow and boring, which is not what someone wants, I think I'm sure most people do not want to sit down and be bored of them. The characters are uninteresting and fairly faceless, with little or no motivation to do what they do. For example, who is the watchman? How did he know about the demons? What is his interest and motivation to engage? I did not see it. Jennifer herself is quite an unbeatable and discreet leading lady, her grandmother Mary Allen is as cliché as it comes, and it is surprising that he is so obviously a villain. I think of this type of mysterious story about pride / spirit, it is surprisingly predictable and routine. There are gaps in both logic and story, which, along with a terrible curve that is not too reversible, did not like Jennifer's Shadow. They are the directors of Vega & Parés, the used path of bleaching almost everything from the color of the image that often makes it not too far away from the black and white, I suspect they want to give it a period of Gothic feeling but it was done so many times before and often so much better that it did not do much for me at all and just makes the whole movie look dull and lifeless. There is also a definitive 40th year, from costumes to the interior of a large house, but it is once again halfway and inexpensive. Jennifer's shadow is well-made, but rather forgotten, not spooky or scary, and more predictable. If that's not enough, there's no gore, there are several Raven scenes that run out on people and beat their hearts, but nothing else. With the estimated budget of around $ 1,000,000 and the words "The Chronicles of Raven for being an American and international DVD release, this is fairly well done, but millions will not buy you much these days, and Jennifer's Shadow proves to a large extent this theory. There are too many scenes of acting to speak in dense Argentinean accents as well, although it may be realistic, I really wanted to be able to understand what people are saying The game is fine though Dunaway survives badly and is obviously out there for money Jennifer's Shadow is a sad movie of spirits that I thought was totally boring from start to finish, I would rather look at The Incredibly Strange Creatures who stopped living and became mixed zombies !! (1964) instead of the total loss of time.
