It is simply the most disappointed, the most delightful film of the whole genre called Blackspotitation, which by the way is the movies most of us enjoy in our house. Rather than "exploiting" or humiliating, these films actually provide an invaluable view of the era. Well, not Bucktown. In this story Duke returns to Bucktown to run a nightclub left by his late brother. He quickly learns that the city is completely ruled by corrupt police forces that bleed to protect all local businesses. The Duke resists and decides to save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, he calls his buddies (these people are vaguely explained as some former black militants who have worked with the duke of "work" in the past) and simply murdered the entire police unit in cold blood. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not the justification of the murder, and it would be much more fun to see Cracker police suffer because of their actions, unlike they just get into the street. While revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying topic in the genre of this genre, it is far from seeing Pam Grier track down criminals who have said goodbye to her family, driving them out, giving them jujitsu ass-kickin 'and setting their "from It has art (and reason for the existing) and deserves a level of respect that is quite undeserved by the simple shooting of someone in her back. Of course, in this bizarre story, she plays a woman under the fingertips of Man, scared of Crackers who drive her city and oppress her In fact, her advice to the Duke is: "Run, man, kill you!" After uncontrollable and gratuitous violence, we are supposed to think that the mayor of the city completely rejects the actions of the Duke and his friends, congratulated them and offer to throw a show in their honor , as opposed to, say, the profession of District Attorney to accuse them of crimes against capital punishment and they have let them put in. The duke's posse rejects the show and instead decides to fill up numerous vacant positions on the police force created by their recent killing. They immediately prove they are even more corrupt than their predecessors Cracker Police (quote the mayor, "They are ten times worse than what we had before!"). Now, the Duke finds himself having to rescue Bucktown citizens from corrupt law enforcement officers in protection, and to ensure that decent people run prostitution in the streets. Unfortunately, the Duke has already lost all moral high ground and sympathy for the hero because he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police forces. I would not have one or the other one if he rescued Bucktown or joined at that moment. I suppose we should have a clever way of how Duke has to overcome new police intervention, but in fact the film has just become an act of gratuitous violence, Duke murders all his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same absence of sympathy as Cracker Police . Duke is a pig. Eventually, when everyone in the city, but Duke, Aretha and the staff of the local brothel are dead and bleed in the street, our hero and the hero will go to the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redemption of values; they do not. The Duke is just a murderous adversary, and Aretha is his capable misogynist accomplice. If you are interested in this genre of the movie, I highly recommend them, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby ?, but if you should go through this DVD, throw it as far as you can. Let it go as if it was hot! It should be treated as a way of treating the shining puddle of nuclear waste! There is no single film at all time of Blackspotitation that is not dramatically more fun, satisfying and populated by more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of slime, apparently written and focused on some hormonal imbalances of high school sophomores.
