The comet's night begins when the world prepares for one life-long event and passes through a 65 million-year-old comet. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decides to spend the night with Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in their booth ... They wake up in the morning and Larry tries to leave the cinema, Zombie kills, the same zombie attacks Regina, she can escape where she finds that almost everyone on the planet has changed to red dust. Almost everyone, because only sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney) happens to be astonished, desperately looking for more survivors and meeting Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran) trucker for long distances. Meanwhile, an evil group of scientists needs human blood to develop serum to save themselves from being converted to dust and they are looking at reluctant donors ... Written & directed by Thom Eberhardt I found Comet Night has a pretty decent viewing experience, positive comments on IMDb about it because I just thought it was boring bulls that never met its potential. The script will launch 100 miles per hour with the whole population of Earth and Zombies being abolished, but then it is absolutely out of the question, and ultimately will lead ominous blood-stealing scientists to the end of the movie, because that thin story goes of course. There are also plot holes if the scientists want the blood to shoot three or four gang members and save both sisters if the guys give more blood for their attempts, killing it is just a totally bizarre and almost suicidal thing to do that they need blood for healing, it just does not make sense. I mean, if you want to die and you need to experiment with human blood, would it have five or six donors who provide blood or just two? I do not have the fact that both sisters survived independently of myself, I think, what are the chances? When Hector meets the female scientist for the first time, Samantha will never mention where she is or where the underground facility is where they took Regina before she committed suicide, and how did Hector know? I also thought that after the first twenty odd minutes the film would slow down to the speed of the snails and became incredibly boring and boring to watch when I heard so many good things about Comet's Night meeting me as nothing more than overrated boring piece of coffin. Director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked the look of the film with his red sky and managed to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. Unfortunately, there are too many shots of empty streets, permanent assembly of empty streets, abandoned communications and abandoned buildings, and it is extremely repetitive and boring. Well, we get that there is no one else, so there's no need to keep them on our necks by constantly displaying cars without cars. Zombies are totally useless, there are two zombie attacks throughout the movie, and they are also two individual zombies, although there are several effective night scenes. The night comet gives up honors or, depending on what you prefer, cut some other much better movies, including the mandatory end of the world shopping spree at the shopping mall picked up by Dawn of the Dead (1978). Forget any blood or gore, because there is none. Technically, the comet's night is pretty good, the special effects are pretty decent and the production crew were of course very good at closing the streets. The game was well awaited for Maroney as Samantha Blonde, who became very irritating. Comet night was a great disappointment for me, I was hoping for more. Personally, I found this movie boring, boring and impeccable, and the sequel to a sequence that nurses buy in the song "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" is probably the worst moment in the movie. It's really bad, and I just do not know why so many people like it, I'm sure to be killed by saying it so that abuse can begin, I can take it ...
