I think there is a need for applause because anyone has joined a trailer for the latest release of Rogue Pictures "The Return". I myself and everyone else was cheated to believe it was in fact a horror movie. On the contrary, it's actually a supernatural thriller. It's a shame that it's not even exciting. "Return" features Sarah Michelle Gellar as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of 11. It was at that time when she began to have spooky visions showing the murder of a woman she had never encountered. While in Texas on a business trip she is guided by these visions to the murdered female hometown of La Salle. There she comes face to face with another person who has often appeared in her visions. A man named Terry Stahl, who plays Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now looking for desperate answers. A search that could eventually lead to her own murder. <br /> <br /> I really do not know where people start. What should I first mention? Horrific acting, cruel overhead, or scary story? No matter which one I choose for each one, it's the same: just sucking. Scenario Adam Sussman is utterly sad. Its uninteresting. It's insurmountable. It's just unpleasant. I still waited for something to appear "movie" (I added quotations around the movie because I do not believe that "Return" deserves to be a real movie because of his nausea) and at least gives him a little chance of hope, nothing has happened. I was omitted in an unbearable cold to freeze. Even the cast of the actors themselves could not save the disaster. Of course, they probably knew they'd read the script and agreed to make a "movie". I suppose that was why the acting was so horrible. At least that's what I'm going to believe. I really hope the cast does not threaten their performance. They need immediate medical help if they do. Now the direction was undoubtedly bad, but I can not completely crucify Asif Kapadia. (Well, I could not, but since I'm such a nice guy, I will not.) I'm going to look back on "Return" as a test for Kapada, because it's his first full-length feature film for all who do not know it. " He just gets in the door and is still learning, and next time, hopefully, he'll be perfect, the only thing he could accomplish was to almost completely double the visual style of Marcus Nispel in 2003 that brought The Texas Chainsaw Massacre "Now it's nice that" the movie "was given, but unfortunately I still do not get any fools to copy the work of someone else is not something I think praise worthy (even if it's from a movie that I really liked .) I think Jim Sonzero's American remix "Pulse" will now have to take on the title "The Worst Movie of the Year" Return, and it is almost almost in all its ideas that I deserve the title. and I think a very small gain, no matter how much the Gellar's previous acting effort, "The Grudge," will be overcome or even parallel. There is one other thing I would like to add to this note. I can honestly say that I was never embarrassed that I was seen leaving the theater hall until I saw "Return". This is something I never want to experience again with the "film" myself.
