"I just saw this movie last night and I do not think I will think the same thing about one of the actors as this film will hold on to the back of my mind." the statement can be considered a good or bad thing. I mean, every time I see Tom Cruise or Demi Moore in the movie, I think of "A bunch of good men," which is a good thing. Now every time I see Ron Perlman or Kristy Swanson, I think about Tinseltown, which is a very bad thing. I picked it up and I thought it might be something smart, giggling with Arye Gross and the above-mentioned Swanson and Perlman, I thought it would not be bad at all. It could be said that the film was made on budget size Wheeling, Indiana (where? Exactly.) But maybe they used every dollar to make a good movie. WRONG. <br /> <br /> This movie is not fun or entertaining in any sense. It's there and will last 84 unusually long minutes. <br /> <br /> The characters are paper. You are almost interested in NEVER from the characters and because they are two fighting Hollywood writers with a dream that is all two fighting writers with a dream who wrote this need to know about them. Okay, both REAL writers know everything they see on the screen, so they like the audience. They do not even think about the evolution of the character, except that they are trying to link the story back to Gilligan Island. The conspiracy is non-original. Two boys live in a storage center, where one of them puts a bed and some twenty people live there. The rest of the story is fictional and stupid. Have you seen the "Most Popular Deadly Sins"? The second story, with Joe Mantegna, is about a television writer who can not find a good story to make a television movie, so he creates one. Now replace the screenwriter for the screenwriter, Morph Mantegna with the half-aged actor, and take the comedy and have this movie. The actors are trying. Kristy Swanson is in the film about 10 minutes and still gives the best performance in the film. It's still hot, but it would help if it's really STAR in the movie instead of making CAMEOS constantly. As for all the others, I do not think they were actors because they have the material BAD <br /> <br /> Watch the National Lampoon movie but stay away from this movie.
