It's hard to find a movie that's on the ever-pervasive mythology of Senator Joe McCarthy as a political demon of the king. Boyle (like Joe) gives the convincing but historically inaccurate representation of the Wisconsin Senator, a cartoon McCarthy considers to be real. Meredith, like a foul military lawyer, Joseph Welch, who overcame McCarthy at the 1954 army hearing, is as good as ever. In fact, McCarthy and Cohn were completely afraid of the worrying security situation in the army, and the 1954 army hearing became entangled in the smoke street used by the military to avert the investigation from its security flaws investigated by McCarthy and Cohn attempted to get service for his staff, David Schine, who is on duty. The film is a self-confident, controversial agenda based on the ubiquitous myths that have passed the truth with many people for decades - that the "Red Fear" was basically fake, and McCarthy, HUAC, etc., always shaken the wrong targets, they were just liars, ad-hoc dogs who have been treading over the constitutional rights of surprise innocent liberals who have been accused of the security risks of the Mums. People who know little about this are still confident of repeating misinformation about McCarthy and "red scare" to this day-an example of Clorin's Murrow's hagiography. Deinformation is ubiquitous, no wonder people swallowed it. The recent turn of Buddha Schulberg in The Guardian's leftist leftist British newspaper has suggested that the Hollywood writer named McCarthy - the wicked lie that McCarthy "investigated" Hollywood as the HUAC leader - is the truth that McCarthy was never a member of HUAC and had a small interest in Hollywood-type politics - his investigation was limited almost exclusively to US government arms. Mythology of "red scare" is unjustified is now completely erupted by the recently opened documents of Soviet and American governments if something McCarthy and what they underestimated a mere range of Soviet infiltration and fellow travelers in the US, but decades of public disinformation about this period will be hard to fix. <br /> <br /> One day, some really brave Hollywood soul will make a film about how many Americans and men secretly helped mass murderer Stalin and try to kidnap his evil system of rulers in the Western world which exactly matches Joe's career McCarthy - but I can not keep my breath. Until then, we have this mythic, drunken lying villain of popular imagination so well-known in the media .... "Shy Joe Striker".
