Frankly, this is easy in the first 5 worst movies I've ever seen. Partly, because it's taken seriously, unlike ordinary light, this movie wants you to feel emotional, feel for the characters, and take care of the alleged plot. None of this is happening at all. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> There are three main reasons why this movie is so awesome: 2.) Annoying story "MTV" in the "over-substance" style. 3.) Moronical characters and plot of holes. <br /> <br /> Let me make it. <br /> <br /> 1.) Apparently, when these films are made, they could not decide whether to make a movie about conspiratorial churches, stigma or ownership. So, guess what? They combined them! Aetheist is obsessed with a dead person who then exposes her to stigma to reveal church plot. How an ordinary person is able to transcend death and have another human being through his rosary is never explained nor even spoke of it. Now instead of saying what he wants to say, he gives her Stigmata. WHY? Why not just spit it out? Instead, we used scenes of shouting things in rough voices, carving secret messages on cars, and writing messages on the walls. Apparently, this priest was also a violent guy, because the obsessed young lady also fumbled on one of the characters as she spoke in that cliché, the cruel, "obsessed" voice we all heard countless times. She also begins to bind her second complaint, because whenever a young lady gets a stigma, she also resists the laws of gravity by floating in the air and throwing everything and everyone around her as if in an earthquake? Why is it hapenning? Who knows!?! I think the director thought it was "cool". 2.) These films contain dozens of shots, slow, of course, birds that appear from nothing and fly away, and most unpleasantly, dripping water. The apartment of this woman constantly dripping water! CONSTANTLY! Logically, a place with many openings would probably collapse. To sum up this complaint, at the end and for absolutely no reason, the camera shoots at the drops of dripping water, in slow motion, in the opposite! WHY!?! I have no idea! It does not matter, and again, it is because it was because the director thought it was "cool". 3.) One of the main characters says he became a priest who explained the holes in science. It does not make sense to me. I think going to church would be enough, but no, he must go through the rigamarol to become a priest. I just did not buy it. Secondly, there are plenty of fence holes, some of which will be discussed below. For the beginning, when the stigmata first arrives, the scene ends by being unconscious, bleeding. He is also in the hospital. Who called the ambulance? The next step is the end when the previously mentioned character of the "scientific priest" speaks with the spirit that has the girl. He says, "Take me as your messenger!" It's not a word for a word quote, but you get the idea. His answer? "You have no faith, no doubt!" So, because of this, she has her own aeteist! The Aethheist has no faith, far less than any scientific priest! And then there is the fact that the subject of the film plot, this lost gospel (about St. Thomas, I believe) is available in local bookshops. Characters are willing to kill to suppress this document, but you could go down to the bookstore and buy it. Maybe this is going to take place in an alternative history where it's not very well known, but the film never strives to say it, or even suggests it is an alternative event to reveal this document. <br /> <br /> In the end, this movie is terribly enormous. It's my arch-nemesis, who feels the need to offend every opportunity I get. I hate that. Final mark: F
