Not only does the filmmaker Steven Greenstreet clearly portray Michael Moore, he also follows his footsteps with several of Moore's promotional film tactics. Moore has experience with averting the viewer from this focus, although Greenstreet is clearly less qualified. When I met all the questions Moore said at the UVSC, I was disappointed with the community complaints - that Moore was paid $ 40,000 from the Utah state fund to fund the John Kerry campaign and promote his own liberal film - they were pushed into the background of Greenstreet, while minor problems were sensational. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The marketing methods for this video were equally concerned and inappropriate ... promoting the movie by claiming that 'Mormon attempted to kill Moore'. Not only is it absurd, but it defames the great religion that Greenstreet apparently has some personal problems. I watched Moore's visit very carefully, and all major intelligence agencies said Moore's visit came and left without trusted security problems or incidents in Utah. Greenstreet attempted to run his film career to the point that he even stepped out of the movie school to speed it up. However, it seems to have been a serious misstatement because Moore's visits to about 60 other universities and universities throughout the country in 2004 have destroyed interest in this relatively frequent event. Greenstreet's assumption that American viewers would be interested in this film due to supported religious and conservative angles does not seem to be justified. Even the name of the film, This Distributed State, is somewhat incorrectly named because Utah voted predominantly for Bush's re-election, and seems to be politically more united than any other state. The division in the title of the film seems more indicative of the gap that exists in Greenstreet's ideological differences with his religion and the state. If nothing else, I find a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this supposed document and Woody Allen's merciless statement in Sleeper (1973) that "Quakers beat me."
