During all my film years, I just went out on film and it was terrible "Stay tuned". Fortunately, the cinema paid a ticket and instead I saw "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (little improvement). The movie is "Gone With The Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy so unfortunate that it almost became the second movie I've ever left. "Dick" was so unfortunate that it was even impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh. He promised to pay to see a movie called "Dick" suggesting he would be filled (Danie Feddy, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and the assumption that at least something promised fresh. The film delivered four woefully predictable funny jokes, comedy jetlage timing, and a premise that was thin after the first five minutes. In short, the Watergate scene of "Forrest Gump" was tense, laid on a rack and spotted - over 90+ unbearable minutes. Once you understand that the two main characters, meaningless, indistinct squeals who are constantly breathing and constantly kissing, participate in every major Watergate event, you begin to mentally control the story as it goes: 18 minutes and half minutes are cleared of Nixon, CHECK; Deep Throat Meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean changed his heart and testified, CHECK. The process stretches much more mildly and as vaguely as Watergate's real affair with how much laughter it gets into booting. And although it makes it a fun re-deconstruction of events leading to the resignation of President Nixon, it will turn into painting by number, vote-your-self-adventure, fill-in-a-empty comedy that says very little and has even less fun . Even the strong point of the film - the above-mentioned cast - is amazingly unproductive here. The most disappointing is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. He caught himself with the thick Lidda's mustache and narrow cloak in this worryingly miserable scenario. Shearer murmurs several lines, trying to move desperately from the prosthetic nose and eyebrows and disappear. Dave Foley, one of the childhood comedians in the hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney are also appearing in this film - ah, the blessing of nepotism) is also bad. His H.R. Haldeman occasionally brings much needed brightening funeral land, but the most fun thing about him is the buzzer that he sports - perhaps the most amazing movies of all. And then Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "Dick". (Oh how funny funny). Managed to play solid Nixon, avoiding pitfalls (such as exaggerated makeup, rubber nose and false teeth and Anthony Hopkins) and preserving the essence (clapping between human tenderness and roughness). It seems I forget someone. . . oh yes, two movie stars, those above average teenagers. I can not remember the names, perhaps because I suppressed their performance. Nothing can be more than fun; nothing would have to be more painful than having to endure their delivery, which had a lot of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with occasional "handcuffs" that were thrown. to put together the 1970s soundtrack and show scandalous wear period, both of which appear to be the norm these days for movies and television shows set in "Me decades." But clothing and music become a substitute for true characterization and plotting, an extra-fictional abbreviation that producers hope to compensate for anemic writing. The only possible use for this film is the years after the tale of any talented actor appearing on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This horrible extinction from cinematography will be driven to lose attention and hopefully humiliate the visiting star. The sad thing is that the real criminals in all these cases - writers and producers - will be far from the camera view, perhaps they will prepare another catastrophe like this. <br /> <br />
