When I first saw the film, I could not wait to see him. The story looked good and the setting was great. I think the movie slasher that takes place at night prom, great idea! And a story: a high school teacher who was sexually obsessed with one of his students went mad, was arrested and three times later he'd escaped from the night of washing! The night, the night to be happy and unforgettable, turns into hell! But I saw it and was very disappointed. It was not just the worst "horror film" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! First of all, it was not frightening. There was no time in the movie when I jumped out of my place. Also murderous scenes were so crude and boring. All the slashers were either sacrificing their victims in the stomach several times or crashing. Also there was absolutely no gore (its named PG-13). The bloodstained scene was probably where the killer murdered a black girl. She divides her throat and bloodshed on the leaves that hang around them (in fact, they do not tell him to cut her throat). You can also see the faces of the killers for the first time in the movie. It's not mysterious, scary or scary. It's just the guy who kills people. Everything in the movie was so cliché. An example is when the assassin kills the main character at the end and at the last moment the detective shoots him and kills him. Also, every thing in this movie was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with the knife, runs on his life, hiding, thinks he'll get away, and then the killer just jumps up and kills her. Finally, the sequence of the film was very bad. The guy goes to the hotel, kills a couple of people, the bodies are discovered, someone pulls a fire alarm, and everyone evacuates. The main character forgets something in his room, meets the murderer, runs and escapes. And it is done! She and her boyfriend went home, the asshole killed the guards patrolling the house, found the girl, and then killed the detective. The movie sequence was so stupid and cliché. If your thinking that you have seen this movie all because the preview looked good, believe me, do not waste your time or money. No wonder this film was shown in the smallest cinema theater. My friend and I, together with the two girls sitting in the back, were the only ones in the theater. It had something to tell me about the movie in advance.
