Little Mermaid is one of my absolute favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say that Disney was completely disappointed when this continued. I admit it has some good points. Tracks are not bad and the animation is clean and clean. It's a certain humor, I'm sure - I do not remember, because when I watched it, I immediately forbade him to come back in front of my eyes. The worst part of this film is a plot. In this film, Ariel becomes a father. He forbids his daughter to approach the sea (yes, for fear) as she was forbidden to go near the land. Personally, I think that, given her past, Ariel would preserve some of her stubborn ways and should not treat her daughter as if treated. In addition, Ursula was replaced by a numbered, naval witch (subordinate, forgotten sister) who is much more comical than scary. She also has a little subordinate to try, but it's not worse or worse than Ursula. Ursula has corrupted us by her credibility for being wrong. This sea witch is a joke. To make it even worse, Flounder is a fat, deep father (no longer an adorable guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice is not the same actor (something that always hurts me in remake / sequel). (By the way, his voice difference was obvious to me!) I felt that the only reason this film was shot was to make Disney capture a few dollars, which hates me thinking about the corporation I really really enjoy. I felt this land lacked the imagination. I know this act (the child that follows the parent's footsteps) happens, but Ariel was different. That was what we loved so much about her. She had a dream, she fell in love and fulfilled her dream. Until he appears in this movie, it is. Then she became like the other adults. It's not Ariel I know. And I do not like her. I know some kids who enjoyed this movie and I know some adults who did not mind it. But for me and for all of you who have the highest love for Ariel, please do not see this movie. Ariel, whom we know, dies inside, resurrected only for one song or two, and one final scene, which is not really bad (where he recovers water) - although he has only a very small role at the end.
