I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know songs, I love characters and I love the story. I can not say something about Little Mermaid II: returning to the sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The story was a reversed copy of the first film. The same situation, except the opposite! Ariel wanted to live on the floor, her daughter Melody (a creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was kidnapped by Ursula, Melody was kidnapped by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula had a sister? I do not know where she came from. Apart from being a strange copy of the first film, this film story looked tired and uninteresting in comparison to the first film. Now characters: 1. Ariel - What happened to her ?! He was no longer the courageous, noisy teenager we knew and loved from the first film, now "grew up," and her personality went down. Her singing voice was not so strong either because Jodi Benson was much older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was useless. 2. Prince Eric - While in the first film he did not have a lot of personality, just like all Disney princes, his new voice and his very few rows made him even more robotic. To prove it, he can not seem to defend himself, and Ariel becomes one of two. 3. Sebastian - Say goodbye to the dear creature from the first film, because he was attracted by a kinky, aggravating little crab. He also did not have good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory he has gained from the incredible song "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie and it is very sad. 4. Flounder - destroyed him! He is no longer cute, his voice is terrible and he has children now? Who's the mother? 5. Morgana - It seems to be Ursula's sister to avenge her mother who always chose her. So he plans to get King Triton's trident to become a new master of the sea. Does it sound familiar? However, she is a very cliché villain and does not reach Ursula's size as a villain. Episodically, he does not care about witchcraft, he is not too hard and does not threaten. 6.Melody - Ariel and Eric's daughter. Chronic name, because she, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is unpleasant, her friends (walrus and penguin, really?) Are not funny and sympathetic, and it's exactly the same as Ariel, in the opposite direction and not so sexually. Skip this. Do not follow any Disney sequel, except for Lion King 2. This movie saved the classics that live in all of our pleasant memories. I look at this movie and just laugh.
