Well, as long as the Disney fan, I really am - right away - right on the Disney video sequel. Walt HIMSELF did not believe them. He believed in "And they lived hopelessly after all" to be his end. But this one ... TAOO really ticked. There was so much riff of other Disney movies in this movie, it was not fun. A quick summary if you do not even know ...: Melody, daughter Ariel and Prince Eric, was born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (which basically looks like Ursula, if she's dyed green and going to Ally MacBeal's starvation diet) appears and, after trying to make a newborn and failing, prophesies the doom for the characters. After this misery, Ariel relinquishes her father and refuses Melody to inform her of her marine heritage, and later forbids her to approach the sea. Surprising surprise. Melody finds out that it's the stubborn smell that is, and escapes, then she agrees with Morgan that she will become a mermaid in exchange for something. (It's obvious?) It happens once, but in the middle of the contract, you have to get your father's Trident and return it back to the navy witch. While doing this, he encounters a couple of fallen animals, a penguin and a walrus called Timon and Pumb-huh? wait ... no! it's not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? She could deceive me. Anyway, I'd like to reveal more, but practically everything, that could be estimated to happen. OK, so ... a long story short. This movie "borrows" power from other (better) Disney movies ... and it does it terribly. Come on ... Tip and dash? Why not just make Dash an unflattering flatulent and make it still a clear ripoff! Ugh. Not to mention Ariel's whole butchery. She was away from being a loose, hard woman on her father's clone. It is not good at all ... basically, they call us a sweet, fiery little mermaid, about which we know that growth and love is dead. Plus Melody itself is not such a great character ... it's damn unpleasant! And brothers! Not to mention what they did to Flounder. Ugh ... anyway, if you decide to see this piece created - mainly for profit, non-fantasy, sponsored by Eisner ****** t, I suggest maybe waiting 'up to his Disney channel or some other TV station. Because it's not even a rental price. <br /> <br /> * of ***** stars.
