I suppose it was for Temple Matthews, who wrote a remake in essence, though there are few changes that only exacerbate the situation. SPOILY: It's like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Morgan escapes, but promises Melody to take them away. Did Ursula have a sister ?! And she's not such a villain like Ursula. There is a similarity. The medallions are kept from the sea until Morgana is captured but knows nothing about it because it happened when she was a child. The wall surrounds the palace to keep it and the morgan out. Every day she walks under the wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as entertaining or entertaining as in the original. She finds a fly with her name and escapes from home and looks for answers and finds Morgan. Here is the similarity; Morgana tricks melody, making her happy by turning herself into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton are looking for her. In order to remain a mermaid, she must steal a trident from Triton. Melody does this because he does not know that King Triton is her father. It's spinning with a penguin and a walrus, and it's terrible here. Penguins living with them in the icy ocean are hating because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. That's not good for a little mermaid. And the dialogue during these interviews between penguins and these two characters is a bleeding into the ear. Do you know why? Because the first one had a great story. This is not and is not magic. It's just an example of how bad the sequel is. Melody finds them and helps her take to the Atlantic to prove it. When they take a trident, Ariel finds Melody and Morgana. Melody gets mad at her mother to keep her at the seashore, so she gives a trid to Morgan, and then she shows her the right colors when she grabs her. Poor Ariel and Melody are in their custody. Penguin and walrus begin to prove when they fight Morgan's shark. I'm sorry I did not mention it earlier. Finally they prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers are coming, but are forced to worship Morgana with the power of the trident. The melody takes it, it fits with Triton and the ice Morgan (literally). Then Ariel justifies Melodia and thinks it's her fault. It was not! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never say it. Triton offers Melody to live in the sea or the country. In fact, he has a "better idea". It uses a trident to evaporate the wall, so people and people can be together. Then they all sing a horrible song. End. <br /> <br /> Whoever saw it and liked it obviously did not see the original. I do not like it because I'm a teenager. I liked it when I was very young. After I grew up, I began to see what was wrong with this movie. young and young children will enjoy it, but it is likely that they will forget about it at elementary school. Normally, I would think I re-evaluated the movie and it was better than I remember when I watched it again, but not this one. It's even worse. The story is no exception. If you thought you read that this story is good, read the next comment and know other bad points: Well, you know the story now. I'm sorry that I ruined it for you, but I had to show him some bad parts. One of the worst things is animation. The color is terrible. The original was beautiful. Watching almost made me want to be blind. Even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. The original had a beautiful, magical color and a beautiful design of the undersea landscape as well as the land, so it is a pleasure to watch. Music is unbearable. Compared with the first, the music here is bullshit. The songs are not as well composed and Tara Strong (I think it is her name), who Melody could not sing. She sometimes sang too high or did not keep track of the melody in the song. So much for having "Melody" as a name. And music is not at all beautiful or moving. Little Mermaid 1 has won the Oscar for it and really deserved it. This one deserved the price of punishment for the worst music score in the sequel if it existed. I did not like the voices. Several people who played characters from the first did the same. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, there is no offense, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful. And I'm really disappointed with her and the others who were in the first group for being part of it. If I were selected for this movie, just when I read the script, I can say it would be a bad movie. The characters are now different. Ariel is now wiser but annoying. She was overtaken by her character, so she was too mature. In the sequel you do not intend to change characters unless it is for a special reason. She was sixteen in the first. There is a small chance that they will change. This is the stage when you become the person you will be for the rest of your life. Scenarios should think about it. They should think of character. <br /> <br /> Well, I think it's for me. I hope that your comment will be useful to me because I am sure many of you agree with my opinion.
