This movie makes me angry every time I see it. If you take the first movie and turn the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw the miserable animation and the biggest sucking factor, maybe you will get a small sea virgin 2 It's basically a copy of the first reversed plot. I'm going to get this horror step by step. These are the people of the 1st film: First Prince Eric is still Prince Erica, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. Ariel is anxious, annoying and is not a carefree, stubborn ghost we've seen on the first place. In fact, it's exactly the opposite. Sebastian is still sebastian, just less cute, less convincing, as stressed, and jokes are no longer funny. Plaice has about 2 rows. He now has children and speaks with a deep nasal voice. Scuttle is still stupid, but he's not funny. The character of King Triton is probably the best, still keeping intimidation and love for his daughter Melody. Ariel and Prince Eric do not seem to care about their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, everything they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. That's what they did: Ursula - A new evil villain is Morgana, sister Ursula, who feels like she always lives in Ursula's shadow. I would not be afraid if she appeared at my entrance with a knife. She can do nothing right, and she is a failure like a villain. She has the same voice. Sebastian & Flounder - Replaced probably by the deepest helper, Tip & Dash, walrus and penguin. They try to be a hero, but they always fail when they try. the plot is so predictable. They are at the end of a hero. Yawn. Flatson & Jetsom - Now replaces a shark that has been rotated about 10 times smaller tritons. It's really bad. Morgana and shark (sharkbait, I think is his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel-Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid has been replaced by her unarmed daughter, melody. Melody can not sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than she should be, and you want her to hit her face because she is so fake sweet sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she's clumsy and the kids make her happy, she has to go find. yawn. <br /> <br /> Not only is the film boring and non-original, it is so simple to look at this movie, and you will breathe how bad it is. Some parts of the movie force you to call Disney and ask why such a terrible movie was created as a continuation of such a wonderful original. <br /> <br /> Basically, a comparison of Little Mermaid 2 with a Little Mermaid is like a comparison and Ed Wood film in Casablanca. Never look, even if you are bored.
