At night ball: the most important night in every plush girl consisting almost of plastic. And so the characters reminded us every ten minutes when some horrific events occurred in their lives. <br /> <br /> There's no excuse for Prom Night. There is nothing more original about it, and I would really give it zero or less stars if it were possible on IMDb. The only part of my perspective I enjoyed was when a group of teenagers who sat in front of us decided to play a game of "ghosts". It was much more exciting than everything that was done on the screen in front of them. The conspiracy was basically a guy who went in for violence. And that was not a little exciting fury. Maybe if the guy was frighteningly distant rather than twisted Robbie Williams, he looked like a baseball cap, I could sit there and feel a little anxious. The fact that I took care less about the characters than the color of the cinematic carpet did not succeed. And to make it even worse, the other characters were equally one-dimensional and unobtrusive. The hotel staff did not find that any of their servants had disappeared and was another proof that the killer was unrecognizable after his shave. I was incredibly surprised that the bizarre, stereotypical girl in blue dress was the only person who noticed who she was. He realizes it and then goes on down the stairs, engage in a plastic sheet and then knock on a pile of hangers. Nice. <br /> <br /> The worst thing was that I'm convinced the director is testing his absolutely hardest. In fact, he moved all the borders by not showing any killing that actually happened. Shocking! And music, do not even start me. It was almost as convenient as withdrawing at the funeral. <br /> <br /> I really want Prom Night to be a joke. It was terrible and silly predictable. Nobody, in the right mind or otherwise, has no reason to see this movie. The main movie theater appears to be downhill, and such films make the situation worse. If you have the desire to see this terrible movie, hear my plea. Do not do it. There are better things to spend six pounds. As a leaf for playing ghosts.
