Well ... so I saw a lot of really strange / unusual movies in my time. Fear and contempt in Las Vegas reminds me when I think about it. No more ... from there, whenever someone asks me, "Hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" Slipstream is what I say! And I do not mean "unusual" in the good sense. From the very beginning of the film, it was obvious that it would be one of the "trippy camera effect" films. That's what I mean small things like blinking pictures on the screen, rewinding and fast redirection of human words and scenes, screen dyeing, flashing forward and flashing all the time ... then you have real action. People randomly get into violence, shoot things / people, say the strangest things that just do not do much if they make sense. The film is about a writer who begins to connect real life with a book that is writing, and for the lack of a better way to explain it, you basically see this "trip" that continues throughout the movie. The point is, Johnny Depp went on the same trip to Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, but the only difference is that his trip was fun and not painful! Frankly, I really had a hard time even to finish Slipstream. It's a little bit hurt my brain a little. I can see a movie fan making the assertion that this film has certain film nuances that make it not only unique, but add to the feeling of dementia ... blah blah blah. The point is, this movie hurts your brain when you watch it ... it makes little sense, it takes all its concentration to even distantly try to understand what's going on and even at the end, the only thing you can be that is the end ... and you can say that you were actually sitting! So in the end, if you want to see a movie that will have to say "what the hell" again and again both loudly and in your head, go into it and lose an hour and 30 minutes and check it out. > <br /> Mr. Hopkins, although I praise you as an actor and praise your choice to make a sting in the direction ... please never ever repeat such a movie. Next time, try something that relies a bit more on stories of stories rather than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.
