Given the ability to write, direct and play in my own movie, I would probably choose something about robot women with weapons. Anthony Hopkins, however, decided to make the strangest film ever seen. "Slipstream" is a movie that's so strange that even David Lynch would probably look at the person next to him and say, "What's wrong?" This is a movie where, in one scene, the man crosses the road to the yellow car heading to the right, which suddenly changes to the pink car to the left. This is a movie in which two characters have an interview scattered by shots of random people with laughter and insects that move through the walls. It's a movie where one starts talking about the "Invasion Of The Bodysnatchers" only for the actor of the movie to suddenly appear as himself (and then disappears into the air). <br /> <br /> This is a movie that decides to throw the need for a continuous drawing straight from the window and uses fifteen different edits as well as a change from black and white to color for seemingly no reason at all. But I have to praise Mr. Hopkins for his choice of actors in this film (some of them displaying more characters). All participants will fall into their roles, though they probably have no idea what they are doing. My favorite here was the criminals of Christiano Slatera in a hat that was tremendously threatening while a bullshit of nonsense and sang the American national anthem. <br /> <br /> Anthony Hopkins was quoted as saying he made this movie as a joke and this is perhaps the best way to sum up "Slipstream". It's a joke to the audience. You will follow it from beginning to end, trying to understand what is going on and hoping that the answer will come, only to find that the answer never does. What is for this particular joke is the only Anthony Hopkins to know. I mentioned David Lynch earlier and I am a big fan of this particular director. I guess Anthony Hopkins shares my love for "Twin Peaks", "Blue Velvet" and "Lost Highway". However, "Slipstream" is not as satisfied as any of Lynch's films, although he imitates many of his techniques (although I was surprised that nobody talks about "Slipstream"). It's too chaotic and accidental - as another reviewer has pointed out, it's a movie version of Alzheimer's disease. There is no doubt that there is a small number who can follow and draw something from it. Unfortunately, for us, "Slipstream" quickly becomes an unpleasant and confusing experience that was only caused by Hopkins. <br /> <br /> Watch at your own risk.
