Why Hollywood feels the need to remake movies that were as great as their The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, but it's much worse why Hollywood feels the need for a remake of those horror movies that were not brilliant to start (Prom Night, The Amityville Horror) Like their originals, these remodeling fails to create an atmosphere, character, or real horror at all. The night is so flat and uninteresting, it's hard to watch, but for all the wrong reasons. It is a mischievous, massively uninteresting and utterly boring excursion that fails for everything it intends to do. It is clear that Hollywood horror is dead. Even as The Hills Have Eyes and Texas Chainsaw Massacre, they managed to destroy their franchises in the style of blood buckets and a good conspiracy. The night is practically bloodless and I will not even mention how bad the plot is. His inability to seal the murderers to identify makes this the least exciting horror movie because erm ... the original. One of the most popular slash films of the eighties returns to the terror of movie viewers with this remake, which turns out to be simple as terrifying college dances can really be. Donna Keppel (Brittany Snow) survived a terrible tragedy, but now it's time to leave the past and celebrate her grand ball in style. When she arrives the big night, Donna and her best friends are preparing to enjoy their last big college campus by enjoying themselves and having a party until dawn. But while Donna is willing to walk around her nightmares and into a brighter future, the man she thought she had escaped forever returned to the last dance. The obsessed killer is useless and kills anyone who tries to prevent him from reaching one and only Donna. Who survives to see the day of soaking, and what will Donna do when she is forced to face her greatest fear? Scott Porter, Jessica Stroup, and Dana Davis play a remake slasher that will have ubiquitous teenage girls nervously over their shoulders as they embark on a dance floor. This is the thing that will probably leave you. The witch, when you ask me, is a good thing. Without working with McCormick, we try to make tensions from the most trivial situations. At one point the girl returns to the ceiling lamp (lamp!) And McCormick tries to exhaust her. Desperate times really require desperate steps. There are not so many shots from the latest IKEA catalog. At the time of The Hills, My Super Sweet 16 and Catch The Predator is probably a haunted, terrifying movie being made from the commoditization of the charm and scary obsession of a society with youthful beauty. That's not the movie. <br /> <br /> My last verdict? Avoid at all costs. No one will like Prom Night, it's even disappointing for the thoses who get used to hacker's remodeling. Due to his absolute lack of blood or fear. At night, you will hurry to forget.
