.... ripof dozens of better movies. Especially Steven Martin's "LA Story", who at least had the grace to be obviously fictional, even though he played his girlfriend to play his girlfriend in the movie. Yes, naive boys and girls, "20 Data" is a mercantile, although I'm not sure it was Myles Berkowitz's intention when he started. My impression is that the project has begun to be half-seriously, then quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not entertaining unless the situation became more ridiculous. The result is that the whole thing has a feeling of turmoil, cheap and unreal feelings. As someone has cleverly emphasized, the film has two "data" that sue and enforce forbidden commands on Myles and yet appear in the film, which would be impossible because it would require a form of consent. It also seems to me that most women who appear as "data" are professional actresses (albums are not famous, except for Tina Carrere) - they are just too obvious, nice, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians. <br /> <br /> Berkowitz makes a classic mistake only when shooting this very pretty thin actress instead of using a number of credible women, which could make the assumption (even in the moccaster) more credible and fun. He also sketches over what is probably his real-world problem, and it is that both the film character and real world of Myles Berkowitz seem to be functionally unemployed (his real life IMDb credits are virtually non-existent, except for this film). Even in the movie world, his ex-wife divorced that he had never been employed. I think the viewer (let alone in Mr Berkowitz's real life) deserves the explanation that he can live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the US, a luxury apartment, drive a luxury car and eat expensive if he does not see any source of income . (It's a drug dealer, he lives from his wealthy parents, it's nothing!) <br /> <br /> You can get away with the most in the movie if the jokes are really funny. "20 Data" is painful, embarrassingly UN-funny. Mr Berkowitz's idea of ​​a joke is to have his character, while in restaurant terms, he tells his companions how the food served is likely to give him either diarrhea or constipation - a variety of childish pottery humor. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> It is not surprising to find that Mr. Berkowitz has never started filming a movie before "20 dates," and has not created a single film for the last eight years, has appeared as an actor in someone else's film OR has written or any kind credit. My intimate feeling tells me that this film was not funded by "Elie" (a gangster money man outside the camera), but probably by Mr Berkowitz's wealthy parents or perhaps a shocking misuse of credit cards. Regardless of what is happening, we can all rest that it is unlikely that we will have to see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts. Hallelujah!!!
