While Bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was in charge of this project, he was still a new director with a single picture, successfully adapting the story of the short world war to his name. Bondarchuk has, of course, already been an established star for decades, but Teplice's skills mean little behind the camera and as a director he was pitifully unprepared to make production of such size. And it shows, despite the confused compositions that are particularly evident in group scenes, the often unfortunate camera positions that the performance of the theater's distinct quality for the director was obviously so overwhelmed by the fact that it was an unnecessary magnitude that the actors were apparently left on their own devices are radio broadcasts. Vidor's "War and Peace" was probably the main reason that led the Soviet government to save money on this production. It turned out that the USSR gave Vidor's picture. Bondarchuk certainly wanted to emulate the greatest power of the Hollywood film and find his own Audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, an angry dark-haired thing, actually looks a bit like Hepburn. Unfortunately, she was a ballet dancer in Kiro, without any acting experience or talent, so the most kind word I can find to describe her performance is "terrible." Although Soviet actors who speak the same language as Tolstoy's characters would be better understood than foreigners, but this war and peace often proves that it is not. The Revolutionary Revolution has led to the thin upper layer of Russian cultural land that has grown from a world of war and peace, so a good share of these great names of Soviet actors involved in this production often seem as clueless as Americans playing Shakespeare Of course American actors can not credibly play Shakespeare, but you know what I mean if you were witnessing American cast members in Branagh's adaptation). Of the three main characters Bondarchuk Pierre is praiseworthy, but even he was too old for this part and feels out of place in the near future.
