A very bad but observable science fiction film that suffers from a hideous special effect, a bad behavior, and a ridiculous story. The film opens with a space ship that returns from a Mars survey with a woman and a man with a green slime on his arm. She, through a hockey conspiracy, begins to say what happened on this fateful trip, because almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically erased. Four astronauts on this trip: Military type played by Gerald Mohr, humorous guy Humphrey Bogart, who likes the word "Irish" and has actor's witty cod, then Naura Hayden, a beautiful redhead, and only a female crew member with the three men wearing the most dressed in clothes, it is possible to highlight all of her curves, Les Tremaine, a wonderful actor from a cheap science fiction movie like an egg and eventually Jack Kruschen as Sammy - the one from Brooklyn with jokes and does not seem too bright even though he was chosen for his expertise in electronics. None of these artists are really good and they all call their dialogue with little conviction. Watch Tremaine as he tells the scientific nonsense! Indeed, the best of four is Kruschen - and that really says a lot about this movie. But a bad deal, the movie crashes when it lands on Mars through flashback. The angry red planet had a real cheap budget because Mars is really a Southwest American that has a heavy red tinge over it. When the story calls for something that might look like a Martian, there are drawings with heavy red tones. You can say they are the drawings. Monsters may be even worse when we get a Bat-rat-spider sized more than 40 feet, which looks like some kids get together to bring the dead animals together. Another significant creature is a huge amoeba with an oscilative gaze. Come on! That's bad. There is a nice drawing of the Martian city, but it was not enough in the movie. Despite all these big problems, Angry Red Planet is a funny bad movie. It is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the things they use in the movie are so obsolete. One guy uses an electric razor with a cord and I think they can get to Mars but they still use cords. Director Ib Melchior gives an interesting view of much of the film and budget constraints, but his story and Sid Pink do not fly. And how does it end with music and psychedelic colors? Heavy man!
