The spacecraft returns from Mars; about a month ago, a four-person expedition was sent to the Red Planet. Most of the painting is a memory of what was happening there. The picture is seduced by the relentless, melodramatic dialogue typical of many sci-fi efforts of the 1950s and 1960s. Note, for example, how the commander (Mohr) tells another crew member to stay there for no reason; as if moving to another place inside the ship, will cause some problem. Later the commander commands the two crews to remain on the ship while he and the other go out. The two who ordered them to stay, said "no way" and followed; I did not have the hope of the expedition success with this point. There is a lot to talk about "ears that shake" and embrace the freezing beam called "Cleo" (of course, short for Cleopatra). It would be funny, inadvertently, if the story did not belong. <br /> <br /> The whole thing is very slow; astronauts spend so much time looking at the window portals of the ship (which changes the color from red to blue) and comment on what they see. The Martian landscape, advertised as filmed in Cinemagic, usually resembles animation cutouts or drawings that go through an orange-red filter to give an illusion of interacting with actors who, due to their particular surrealistic appearance, process. But I do not think he's a fool who is over 10 years old. One clever mention that I noticed was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be obscured by unreality, so it would explain the uncanny nature of the Martian outlook. Oh, well ... <br /> <br /> I was amused by some of the actions of astronauts when they began to study; right from the bat, they try their frozen gun on the plant and kill it just because it's damn it. A female member is hacking with a machete in what she thinks is a tree, but it turns out she's a leg of a spider-rat monster. Nice, sir. Look next time. No wonder the "intelligence" on Mars is upset and it does not matter that one of the lower forms of life, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. The game is not very impressive. Mohr, in particular, had a very unpleasant technique, he said the line, and then suddenly exploded into a huge smile that always driven me - reminded me of it! Teror from behind. The end is quite counter-climatic; do not expect any enormous revelations about Cleo's "no further expeditions" with frozen weapons.
