60 minutes in beautiful Christina Galbo tries to escape from an isolated boarding school she brought to the beginning of the film. Will he run out of a sort of fate too terrible to contemplate, a monster, a killer with black gloves, or a supernatural evil? No, he's running out of a bunch of bullies. In the next 40 minutes after school, different characters in school in dark candelabra are looking disturbed or upset, which in itself does not say perhaps because of the great movies they are doing only, but if you are going to have characters walking around the corridors and stairs better Alain Resnais, or you know how light stairs in bright apple red and purple like Mario Bava. We know that a murderer is crumbling in school, but his body is offensive and scattered, and in the absence of the visceral horrors we expect in the giallo, we do not have a sense of a sinister secret / untrustworthy mystery that bothers the facade of command and piety and correctness, , which La Residencia wants but does not know how to do it. We know something is off because the girls are reported missing, but we never can predict the mysterious atmosphere that says "Something is really f-cking wrong here, man." When Serrador attempts to comment on the sexual repression of pupils, he does it with quick hysteria and close-up eyes and torn lips, while crazy "shocking" music is in the background. None of the aetherial beauty and desires of PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK is here. It's all a little clumsy and aimless, without a real sense of urgency or direction. Many people are presented as suspects, but there is little reason to worry about the identity of a killer who remains unnoticed by the characters inside the movie. I love the first killing, the image of a knife that hit a target overlaying the victim's troubled face like a lullaby in the background, but the rest is too much for my taste. I must say that Serrador has done much better with the killing of children and paranoia du soleil, WHICH CAN YOU GET TO KNOW?
