Virtually the only other actor that would be less likely to play Evel Knieval than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton manages to turn into a reasonably effective portrait (and as a film producer, he was probably not fired or said he was not fit for that part!) The initial life of a motorcyclist that is courageous is described here in more flashes. The film opens with a fairly stupid break with Hamilton in his white leather star gear, which, according to Knieval, attracts the world as if to say, "Do not worry, this film is about my youth, but I will return in my famous costume to the end of the picture." Hamilton is preparing for a huge leap, yet licks up his wound from the previous one because his dear wife Lyon both supports and harasses him. He recalls various signs of his childhood and criminal teen years together with his early days as a stuntman and flowering celebrities. This flip-flop approach is quite sudden and sometimes incoherent, but it prevents the film from holding too much of one of its cheap sets for too long, or getting on a path with relatively large pedestrian figures. Hamilton, usually a decent and merciful person, does a very fine job of publishing minute details of the maneuver and behavior of his subject, including his walk. His hair is shadows lighter and longer and hard working to give them the right curves in speaking. (He even gives Knieval a small amount of injuries by appearing in a stained towel while his shoulders are covered with "scars" from many accidents.) He does not look like a real cyclist but suggests him in his physical performance. Lyon is great when he plays a young girl he loves, and then he is a more secular woman, although her voice is threatening to take her off at the moment for thirty-four days. She and Hamilton strike into a simple chemistry that has a long way to film. Other nice supporting turns give Freed as his crazy doctor, Cameron as a timely influence and Taylor as a crazy crazy fool. The film was made with a low budget, but the story is rather low rent, so it does not affect too much. The creators wisely used the actual locations of Butte, Montana to get the film the right atmosphere of the city. Several Hamilton's anger is fun, although the character is certainly reckless and irrational ownership of other people! Some real Knieval's completed and unsuccessful pieces are included in some blurry shots, one of which contains a dull "splinter" in which a person rolls and looks like a rag doll. Hamilton's then wife (Stewart) will shortly appear as a nurse.
