Well, in this movie you may not see any women in love, but you will definitely hear women talking about love and men talking about love, and women talking about men and men talking about women and men talking about men, and everyone talking about death, talking and talk until you yourself want to scream and do something that would not require talk, such as painting your bedroom or feeding your plants. Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-blabber is governed and where no one can get into a productive life, because they are all too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. Spending time with characters in D. H. Lawrence's novel is like being locked in a wardrobe with a group of your most cherished acquaintances who would run away if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I desperately wanted to strangle every figure, but since I could not, I was hoping to at least strangle them. Unfortunately, only one of them dies, not strangulation, and I will not neglect to tell you which of them, in case you really get back to this story or one of these people. <br /> <br /> To pay Ken Russell's director, he makes this filmed version as fun as it can make this essentially unimaginable novel. He throws out a lot of the psychological mumbo-jumbo that Lawrence loved and instead focuses on all the naughty parts, so we get a lot of histrionic love in the beds and in the fields, two naked men struggling with the fiery light and one embarrassing scene with Alan Bates yup, buck naked again) passes on a meadow that loves bushes and grass (I do not speak). Glenda Jackson won the Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant she is with the two nurses in the story, and she is definitely trying hard to do something with this stuff; someone would deserve an Oscar simply because he had to take Russell's decision to give her a scene where she should dance wildly in front of herds of mystified cattle. Oliver Reed has one expression, intense glow. The whole thing is rewritten and redirected and it's deliriously camped. In fact, it is related to the "most expensive Mommie" as the most mischievous hysterical movie I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> Grade: D
