"Prom Night" is the title remake of the 1980 slasher film by Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This movie takes place in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to her senior ball and have fun after she has gone through the last few extremely traumatic events. She and her friends arrive at a ball that takes place in a large hotel and try to enjoy what is to be the most entertaining night in their life. Few know it, a man from Donna's past who haunted her haunted, is also on a ball ... and is willing to kill someone who is following her. <br /> <br /> I'm a fan of Original Prom Night so I tried to keep some hope in this movie but I have to admit I was pretty disappointed, "Prom Night" suffers from the worst tribulations that a horror movie might have, and that's predictable There's no absolute surprise and I felt I've seen everything in this movie done a dozen times, often better than before What does it mean to the audience Bored If you've never seen any horror movies or been part of a preschool crowd, most of the audience will most likely be able to guess almost everything that's going to happen.This plot is simplistic, but the whole scenario is invalid for any surprise, twist, atmosphere or anything else and it really hurts the movie because it never gives viewers nothing their teeth would sink in. It all looked very clumsy. complains about the fact that this is a movie slasher PG-13, and I understand what they say, but I do not think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with a minimal gore. Take, for example, Carpenter's "Halloween" - just a little on the screen of violence, but still an extremely scary and effective film. You do not need a gore to make the movie horrible, but even if Prom Night is hopelessly violent (which is not, it's very tame) it would still add little to the movie because it's not too much. the script you are building at the beginning. Tensions and tensions are at best slight, and I spent most of the movie that predicted the outcome of the situation, and it was about 99% correct. Our characters are not well written for the audience to join any relationship, and their resignation by number is routine and careless. We will show you a few things I had about this movie because it was not totally unnecessary - the cinema is really nice and everything was very well filmed and quite stylish. Among the "terrible" fears (which are largely predictable), there were several who were wise. Movie sets are also nice and the hotel is a clean place for plotting plotting, although the predictable deployment can be. In terms of acting, it is, at best, average. Brittany Snow plays right, but the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays a villain and is probably the most experienced actor, but it is not even impressive. But I liked the character he played, which was a nice change from a typical killer stalker we see a lot. As for the end, I've been bored for the last fifteen minutes of my film, and it was very counter-climatic. Overall, Prom Night was disappointing. Everything was very numerous, routine and predictable, which is somewhat disturbing because it had the potential to be a decent film of slasher. There were several neat moments, but the film had no tension or atmosphere, and had little conspiracy, no credible characters. I recommend experienced horror fans to save money and wait for the video to appear or instead to borrow the original because there is no surprise here. Some may find some fun in it, but it was too predictable for my taste. I expected it better and the theater was very disappointed. 3/10.
