I almost fool myself when I was going to start this review by saying, "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT," but then I looked at the biography of scriptwriter Lee Hall just to find out he was the one who wrote BILLY ELLIOT is Mr. Hall, who fools me, and I have no idea of ​​him? No, because Lee has something that most other ambitious writers from Britain do not have - has a leg in the door, has previously written a successful British movie that won a prize and earned cash at the box office and what does it do next? It gives the audience more of the same <br /> <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives in some kitchen headquarters. She is being bullied at school and nobody loves him. The only thing that held him is that he has the aspiration to be a ballet dancer. In fact, he does not have the aspiration to be an angel, but because of his household he can also be a ballet dancer. He has a father's mother of a father who thinks "ballet dancers are a lot of pacifiers, while his grandfather says that" ballet dancers are as hard as any man you can meet. I remember seeing a ballet in Welsh ... "Yup Ballet is the main place for a conversation that in those days - no, who live in nice big houses, so all over the world feels ridiculously fake <br /> <br /> <br /> Another critical criticism is that it's a movie that has no trace of who it's been trying to criticize Channel 4 for broadcasting films at totally inappropriate times (THE LAND THAT TIME FORGOT at 6 o'clock in the morning for example), but they (Gawd I Hate It) Lung Cancer and Poverty There is no way to consider it appropriate for a family audience, but because the main protagonist is an 11-year-old child and presents angels and ballet dancers (I do not care if it seems to be obsessed with the subject - there was no need to relate to them) nor is there much for a smart adult audience. Of course, if Le e Hall, in the scenario development scenario from producers, said he should write a story with a schoolboy and an angel and refused to say he wanted to write about other themes and stories then I apologize, but throughout the film you will feel that once the movie is finished, sold exactly to the same audience that BILLY ELLIOT enjoyed
