Years after the fall of the last major corporations, the world got into a new dark age where cyborgs are harvested for their parts. The wallet, a female cyborg, travels to the rascal to get a message that she is pregnant. While running from the Recyclers (reward hunters who are cyborg), Cash tries to find a way to Cytown, a mythical retreat for cyborgs. Cyborg 3: The Recycler is the third (and last) in the CYBORG trilogy. The first film was originally planned as a sequel to MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE but was quickly rewritten to a standard post-apocalyptic martial art that became something cult classic for its cheese action scenes. CYBORG 2: GLASS SHADOW was a sequel that actually improved with its predecessor but was not very visible (and was rejected by the few who saw it as cheap feed). to become the first two films (the first was a hit action film, while the other was a smart story of the Cyberpunk), but unfortunately he did not show up on both counts. The budget was apparently lower than CYBORG 2, the film was placed in desert wastelands (just like many post-apocalyptic action films of the 1990s), shooting around old industrial buildings to save costs. <br /> <br /> The story of the film focuses on a plotting device, a pregnant cyborg that is as interesting as it is absurd (this movie is not the first to try it, the anime OVA series ARMITAGE III uses it to a greater extent ). The film, however, falls into the same trap that has been the victim of so many sci-fi films with a low budget, in fact, that bugs (synthetic organisms) are nothing but androids. Visual effects are nothing more than prosthetic weapons and makeup effects. Actor acting is very standard for this type of film, while lead actress (Khrystyne Haje) is the only worst artist on the screen. Instead of being joyful about her being pregnant, she is all whimpering and sorry. Their co-stars are much better, Malcolm McDowell is the usual gangster that animates the scenes that appear and Richard Lynch has a lot of fun as the main villain. Special attention is played by Andrew Byniarski, playing Lynch's right hand, which will later appear in the remake of Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE and his prequel.
