Can You Tell Lew Grade Production a Mile Off? Significantly British in style; epic in concept; charged with international star casts; usually in exotic climatic conditions. It is a formula that Grade and its ITC company used in the 1970s to the early 1980s, leading to titles like The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977 Grade produced March Or Die, a remarkably old-fashioned alien legend adventure that models all of the above features. Directing usually reliable Dick Richards? who drove the celebrated Farewell My Beautiful just a few years ago - March Or Die is an unfortunate disappointment. The company of foreign legionnaires under the direction of harsh disciple of General Foster (Gene Hackman) is sent to Morocco shortly after the First World War. Their mission is to protect the archaeological site faced by the reserved Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow). Archaeologists are excavating in the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack by Arab tribes after the decimation of an older archeological group. Foster is not satisfied with the job? he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men to risk their lives. This creates tension between him and Marneau, who believes that the Legionnaires should sacrifice their lives to allow the excavation. Problems grow when they join a legionnaire with a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve). He hopes to find out what happened to her father, a historian kidnapped by Arabs, when they destroyed the first archeological team. Her presence raises the desire among legionaries, nothing more than a gypsy thief Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a charming and courageous crook who initially shows indifference to his legionnaires but is gradually growing. Things culminate in a huge duel in Erfoud, and swarms of united Arab tribes are piling up against a bunch of legionnaires desperate to defend their lives. Does the star of the Gene Hackman and Terence Hill seem to be inconsistent? Hackman is an Academy Award-winning actor, Hill is a handsome but limited Italian heartbeat of many low-budget Western spaghetti. One expects Hackman to act on the counterpart from the screen. Still, it's Hackman, who gives weak and unattributed performance while Hill raises his game at a surprisingly high level. The film is attractively filmed in desert places, but the movement is terribly slow and few characters are worth taking care of. Maurice Jarre's music is also unusually flat? very disappointed with the guy who gave us the score of Lawrence Of Arabia. It is remarkable that someone in the 1970s experienced an old-fashioned adventure of this type (a genre that culminated in the 1930s and was forgotten for several decades). Sad, does the gambling really not pay? this tribute to the legionnaires becomes older than the fetus.
