It is curious that the two stars of Meet The People were a pair of film stars who got into the new TV medium and became even more successful, and both of them came to the end of things and enjoyed the status of tycoon on a small screen. But Lucille Ball was not a big star to come up with a television. As for Dick Powell, he desperately wanted to break out of films like Meet The People and his career salvation would come to his next film. I think the only reason Dick Powell made the film was because a young MGM player was occupied in a specialized issue and he saw it at that time. His private time with June Allyson was much better than what we see on the screen. Powell looks desperately bored and can not make any emotion. He was probably tired of doing these musicals with stupid plots like Warner Brothers. The original Meet the People show was not a book, it was a revue, and it was in the 1940-41 Broadway season for 160 performances. When MGM bought it, they eliminated everything except title and title track. The rest of the picture was tangled with various composers, none of the songs is unforgettable. Special if you consider that any of the source materials come from Burton Lane, E.Y. Harburg, Harold Arlen, and Rodgers & Hart. These guys just have to empty the suitcase for the material. The plot is stronger than most of the musical propaganda pieces of that time. Powell is a review writer called Meet The People, and he is a shipyard worker who won the lottery with the star Lucille Ball. She is interested, he is interested, both are interested in the revue, but creative differences are of course separated until the final. This is the film in short. MGM gave Powell and Ball some good musical acts that are the main reason for watching people meet. The big bands of Vaughn Monroe and Spike Jones are here, and Bert Lahr's top of the film for me is dressed in the comodorous suit that Lou Costello had in a dream in the Navy. The Heave Ho song is written by Arlen and Harburge, who wrote for Lahra the Courage number from The Wizard Of Oz. And like everyone in the world saw the movie, you have the idea that Heave Ho is like. Dick Powell's next film was Murder My Sweet, in which he eventually offered not so much adieu musicals. And Lucy will have to wait on the television before the world knows what she can do.
