"New Best Friend" is another item in the genre "Steal Another Woman"; the best of them are "Single White Female" and "Hand That Rocks the Cradle"; which is worse that you can capture almost every afternoon on a lifetime channel. For some reason, this type of identity theft happens exclusively for women. <br /> <br /> There are only two basic ways to play this type of story. This woman can make evil at the beginning and let the viewer consciously keep track of how he pulls out and performs his evil schema. Or, use the wrong direction to make a good person out of it, because the seemingly unplanned series of events broke down in their favor until they show up in the climate scene to be evil. Unfortunately, creators of "Best Friend" could not decide how they want to play, and things crash and burn early. For the first time, we meet Alicia (Mia Kirshner) who cheats on the college's financial office for scholarship money. Now we know he's a bad person and all his other activities will be suspicious. But the director and the editor apparently forgot that this revelation was done and spent an additional 50 minutes when we put the wrong directions to think that Alicia is a good person. This introduces a single element of tension, not whether it is bad, but when the director and the editor are wise and will no longer waste time in a transparent direction. <br /> <br /> "Best Friend" suffers more than most of the teenage film curse of shooting too old to show college students. There are really only two big parts, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). At the time of production, they were 31 and 26 years old. He's almost working for 26-year-old Kirshner when he plays the mythical version of Alicia, but it becomes apparent when he is transformed into a glazed-up version of Alicia. Monroe's casting is just a joke, like having Nicholette Sheridan try to pass as a classmate on "Lizzie McGwire". It looks much closer to the half-life crisis than to the term. Producers had to owe a lot of favors because this age-related issue is spreading to most supporting characters. Taye Diggs, who plays the city sheriff, is younger than most students. The basic setting is that Hadley and two other rich parties (played by Dominque Swain - 21 and Rachel True-Age 35) are subject to college roommates. He shares a house that is nicer and better equipped than Real World-New Orleans's mansion (a premise that is more trustworthy than football moms playing students). Alicia moves into the house and begins to take over Hadley's life. At least Swain finally gets roommates from her own generation to have two lesbian scenes. Swain's supportive performance is the only good thing about "New Best Friend," and her love scene with Kirshner is fantastic, so great and artistic that she does not treat any other segment, maybe it was subordinated to a good director and cameraman. The unintentionally cheerful story is presented in a series of spooky flashes of uncontrolled sex and nonstop parties, each of which progressed by the Alice comic shot in the hospital bed. About half of Kirshner's screen was spent immobile with the tube in his mouth. Mia is not a good career. <br /> <br /> What do you know? I'm just a kid.
