When reviewing this film, I can only go through my experience as a weekend warrior who, in July, August and September 1971, undertook basic training at this country garden, Fort Polk, Louisiana. Take High Ground was nothing like I remembered basic training. But one must remember that at that time it was over Korea that ended up on the floor, but it was a conventional war as we knew them. It was not Vietnam, the jungle guerrilla war, where we still poured grabbers into the endless pit. The proposal was unwelcome at the time, but was accepted as necessary for the defense of the country. Richard Widmark is a veteran of Korea, now assigned to a state party to train soldiers to go overseas. The film is about one of his training cycles and about the men from the platoon he has to train. These are the usual species you would find in any war movie of the past decade. <br /> <br /> One thing I praise Take the High Ground is that MGM acknowledged that our army was now integrated with William Hazard's presence as a black platoon recruitment. It was in line with the spiritual period that is changing. But I'd say recruiting like Russ Tamblyn was healed from his clever mouth from day one. Richard Widmark would not endanger death or become an eunuch to give Jerome Courtland a trust in a weapon. And there was no way that Robert Arthur would have been so scared. He just let the MPs deal with him. <br /> <br /> Of course he was shot around and around Fort Bliss and El Paso, Texas made Take the High Ground good authenticity. But look at it as an army recruiting movie and you will understand why the government so eagerly put the cooperation back in the day. I remember drilling sergeants have their little conflicts that you could pick up when you were not afraid to get to your case for something that was 95% of the time. But there is no way Karl Malden would lift Widmara outdoors during the training session of several witnesses among the recruits. Both would realize that it would undermine authority, something the army simply would not allow. I wish I could say something better about Take the High Ground because I definitely like her talented actor, a talented director Richard Brooks, even the stupid topic of Dimitri Tiomkin and Ned Washington, fresh from his Oscar a year before for High Noon . The film was awarded an Oscar nomination for Best Screenplay and a Story by Millard Kaufman. It had to be for Kaufman's vivid imagination.
