We see the corpse of a dead girl in the morgue, with the coroner trying to close the eyes of the girl, but as they try, they will not stay open. After that, we will move to the future and watch a group of former school friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start choosing one after another in many cruel ways. Through flashes, we learn about this terrible suicide of a shy girl who tried to be one of the groups but she was excluded because they dug her out of the past and found it to be strange events. So he's back from the grave to look for revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, what a great and always scary story! Well, I was hoping I could say. And "hoping" was just as good as it was. It's a forgetful, supernatural flash of horror I've been watching before, but I thought it was my first observation. So I was surprised to hear that it struck me when I started collecting stuff, but as I said it was a completely forgotten mix, it was like a first glance again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds a few changes to the slurry. Oh, please give me something that's a bit fresher, it does not have to be completely original, but that's one wording and times a rather tired J-horror flick. Though the strings along the usual ghost story include you guessing right? Evil seeks, vengeful cat spirit. But despite my negativity it is the same old, same old story and thundering. This one kind of fun when it is frantic and popping in some scary visuals. Death is vividly displayed with bite and some originality. When the gloomy atmosphere alienates the audience with his foggy lighting. a scene involving the spirit of terrorizing one of the girls is a cross experience, but in fact, when it does not try to shock. I find that it rather causes a coma, and I was thinking about getting a closed eye. she did not come anywhere between any interest in these moments of shock. You could say that because the supposed secret is not really one, the uncertain story is just flat and the characters are a self-centered stack that really does not care what happens to them. The discontinuous story should concentrate more on the spirit than on these insignificant characters who have one unconvincing group relationship. It just overcame your cards by being too muddled and it takes too long to go that when it comes to the top, it's just absurd. Still, it's a movie that has a scary ending. The movie looks great, although it could have been without a quick, quick adjustment of the fire and the music score was a bit zealous in mood. The performance moves in a fine line, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the lead. It's nothing new and stealthily steals ideas, but if you can look around to bring some ugly excitement. Although I seem to be treated rather lethargic, despite the strange effectiveness. Standard effort all round, but it's still wrong.
