In the Sholay variant, Ram Gopal Verma gets into what can be called an unfamiliar territory where the new shape breaks. Thakur goes south. As a Narsimha, the police inspector, whose family was killed, was looking for revenge in the Madrasi style. The accent is totally South Indian, unlike Thakura in the north. Cutting Thakur's hands from Gabbar is also cut off on Aag's fingers. So the reimbursement of costs is reduced because it is not an attempt to hide the hands, but instead of a long shoulder court are covered with fingers cut. Moreso in the climax, when Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye to just peer hi kaafi hai", here Narsimha uses his fingers to burn a gun and kill a villain. Babban, the new gabbaru, is also different. Not from Bihar or from UP. He is Bambaiya. Gabab's infamous laugh is also in two installments this time and is more subdued. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and romance Urmila to replace Helen in Mehboobo. he also dances with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Aghu in Mehbooba.Babban is smarter this time. He flies an apple and asks for the question that caused Isaac Newton to discover gravity laws. Basanti is more verbose than Ghungroo's car driver. Nisha Kothari can not play the driver's car and looks too artificial using the words "have fun" and "too" with gay abandonment. Virus was fun, while Ajay Devgun is bad for this role. God talks about the incident in Basanti, and the shooting lessons, and Koi Haseen's song, and the sequence of the water tank are painful. The water tank turns into a well and drunken devgun is so bad that the listener would want to commit suicide. Jai was composed and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we do not expect anything from him. But he also moves to the Mausi sequence. It's not as romantic as Jai's mouth. Jaya's role as Sushmit is changing his career. A clean housewife turns into a doctor who gets into the full-time social service after her husband has been killed. She also lacks the pain that Jaya has shown. Her flirtation with Jai is more open this time. Samba has a bigger role than Tambe. He does not need to point out weapons and answer Gabbar's questions. He watches Babban wherever he goes, and he is a bodyguard with greater visibility outside. Horses recede the jeep and the car. Gabbard's sanctuary is changing here and Ramgarh becomes Kaliganj. Overall, it's more spoof than anything else. RGV comes with his own classic interpretation. But we remember the original so well after three decades when our mind refuses to accept stylized versions and change dialogues. So we call it spoof. So, RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) will stop producing remixes and starting to create originals.
