Sholay: considered one of the greatest movies. I always wondered if they would ever change like a classic. It was a time when RGV announced this movie and I was a little excited to see it. I always thought it might be a good movie, but we would change RGV every week. And this movie is a very good movie I did not expect. I was really trying to look for positive things, but I promised I would not go to Sholay. Cinematography is amazing. The film tries to be his own. But it's upstairs. Actions are weak. The script had the potential. The biggest mistake is editing. None of the scenes excite you. For example, the comedy sequence felt very out of place and forced. It's ironic because the comedy was funny in the original. And none of the characters evolved. And no scenes remain to the end. And the end was very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The biggest question is acting. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing great. It seemed as if they were too focused on his look that the character looked terrible, but you are not getting. Mohanlal is barely in the movie, but it impresses on his several scenes. Ajay Devgan was decent. It was not such a performance, he gave it all, it was a weak scenario. Prashant Raj is very confident and has the potential to make far better movies. I had most of the expectations for Sushmith Sena, who was probably the best of all. It was expressive, but it was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. For the most part, she was not interested, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was pretty good. She seems to need to find a director who would help her talent, not her cute look. But what made me most disappointed was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. There was no passion between Sushima and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not have the hate passion they needed. As for the songs, they really bite. Urmila Mehbooba was too crowded, and I fell asleep. But it was pretty danced. Holi's number was pleasant but unforgettable. The same was the other songs. For someone who is looking forward to this film, I was very disappointed. I had great hopes for RGV due to his jungle, but it seems like he lost his talent when shooting this film. But let's hope he regains his talent for Sarkar Raja. But this movie is best forgotten. All the positives still do not match the boring movie.
