Good. So I came back. Before I start my review, let me tell you one thing: I would like to like this movie. I know I was negative in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and actually like the movie. I do not. <br /> <br /> It's not just the fact that you can imagine every horrible cliché in this. And it's not just the fact that they do every little thing in jump terrible (go to the baseball bat that stayed on the floor? Are you kidding?). It just was not frightening. One thing that surprised me: there was more blood than I thought it would be ... that does not say much. The film begins with Donna being released by Lisa's mother on her House. Comes ... goes up. The camera shook the father on the couch. Ghostly. She went upstairs where the above baseball scene is happening. Finds his brother on the bed, apparently dead (how could he say it?) He did not have blood. A murderer enters, Donna is hiding under the bed, his mother dies. He runs out of screaming for help. The killer behind her: "I did it for us." Cut to therapy. This has made many people worried - everyone was wondering if her family actually died or if she imagined it - and she will mention how the nightmares began to come back. Then follows a dialog with the filter. Several scenes in the salon go to the hotel. There is, of course, a killer there (for some reason he escaped 3 days ago, but the police / family were not informed until he was there). It results from the fetus. <br /> <br /> I will not continue what is happening in the movie because I do not want to spoil it. If you want to know who is dying, Horror_Fan has already informed you. But to the subjects of death: they were not so exciting. The people in the theater actually laughed loudly (an experience I had never before had in a horror film, even in the case of a "Foreigner" call) in several of them. One specifically: a bus guy who gives the most funny 'fear' face I've ever seen. The only death involving any blood was Lisa, and that was quite rare. Her throat is cut off, blood (if you can even call it - it was practically black), it was flowing into the curtain thing. The only other blood was Claire when we saw her body. Obviously, Fenton decided to hit her several times when she strangled her. Um, okay? The film was one of the most cliches I've ever seen. Let's look at it .. mandatory closed mirror-curtain-BOOM! scene. Control. Twice, actually (you could say they are fighting). Mandatory backup to the killer. Control. There's also a backup scene to the lamp, but you've all seen it. Oh, you say you want scared birds? Well, you got it! (Yes, they managed to include one of them). And, of course, the scene we have-we-have-all-exitu-but-still-escaped. I have to go on? I can. <br /> <br /> For anyone who says the characters are not stupid, are you kidding? "Although a huge alarm sounds, literally, PLEASE CREATE THE BUILDING and 3 my friends are missing, I will go up to get the wrap." These characters were some of the most defective and stupid characters everywhere. The only sympathetic figure - Lisa - made one of the deepest moves in the movie. "Oh, I just realized that the psycho-teacher is here! I have to leave my strong friend to escape to warn her against the building site!" Ugh. By the end of the movie, everyone deserved to die. The only death for which somebody has felt remorse is Donna's friend (and I can not remember his name - is it so bad?) And by then the audience has been completely exhausted from this spooky cliché film. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> There were some positives - the acting was fairly decent and it was well shot. But that's probably it. <br /> <br /> I would give him 1/5, and that's generous. Just for laugh (and believe me, the audience had little) and Brittany Snow. And the reaction was bad. Very bad. After the movie ended, people began to talk and then the humming was very negative. Expect bad feet for this.
