I can not come up with words that are appropriate enough to describe the horror I felt in the cinema watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the director's step-less attempt to pay tribute to the classic Bollywood Western Sholay. The biggest problem with remake of Varma is that he does not even try to make a credible movie. In every film of this film, it is clear that Varm's heart is simply not in it. What you see on the screen is, of course, a bad joke, a trick by the filmmaker, and that pain makes you see how little he really looks at a film that claims to be a fan of his whole life. he has seen several bad movies over the years, but I can not remember that it was so much torture to sit like this. Consider yourself brave if you are able to survive the whole movie because it tests your patience as a few movies. Warm can borrow his plot and characters from the original film, but his version is trite and hollow and does not have any spirit and energy Sholaye. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of this timeless gem, because it turned out to be all that was not an original film - overcrowded, too boring and completely breathless. Loved moments from Sholay are parodied by Varmou and you would like to push your neck. One of the most memorable scenes in the city of Sholay, where Dharmendra, like Veeru, floats on the water tank and threatens to jump to his death, turns around in this film, and Ajay Devgan plays Hero and pulls the gun on his head and threatens to shoot. How would you like to take the trigger and save us all the agony. Not only that Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag failed as a remake of Sholaye, it is quite a bad effort as a separate movie. Damage to the background that damages the drummer sounds more like someone in the kitchen breaking containers, and working with the camera alternates between dramatic and top spinning. The partners in this terrible crime that brought this senseless movie on screen are mostly dead as actors. Sushmita Senova as Nine Widow has her role and movie too seriously, interrupts her lines with pauses, looks into the camera for effect and generally acts as her life depends on it. He was like Narsimha, struggling with his Hindu conversation and looks embarrassed to add some of the deepest lines in his famous career. Newcomer Prashant Raj, who plays Jai-Equivalent Raj, does not have any acting pieces he talks about and can not destroy any intensity that Amitabh Bachchan has brought to his original film role. Like Hero, the modern Veeru, Ajay Devgan is hopelessly, unluckyly failing in his comedic attempts. But the weakest part of the film is perhaps the most shocking decision about casting Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who enters Hema Malini's shoes as Basanti, a cute Airhead from Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but maybe the worst actress in this whole world, giving the word annoying to a whole new meaning, and it makes you think of your wrists every time you are on the screen. And then Amitabh Bachchan plays Babban Singh, Ramgopal Varma is the version of the most popular Hindu cinematographer Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble that recognizes the supernatural tone of the film and plays accordingly, Bachchan creates a horrible nature that is a humility you can watch. He wanted to be a comedian villain, who shakes, smiles and thighs, and he does everything good. But because he is imprisoned in such a convicted business, his performance really does not help lift the film in any way. Not Surprise here, I'm going down with a zero out of ten and two inches down for Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, it's one of those painful watching movies that you would not even send the enemy. It's not that Varma did not make a remake before. With Sarkar, he gave us a sensual and glamorous play on The Godfather, and it is a shame that he made this Sholay so much of a nice classic. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is his worst career choice at all, it's also a dark point in his biography that he will be embarrassed forever. I suspect that this film will go into the history of the film like Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
