Drama in the heart of "Anna" shows the true truth that all actors are getting older and sometimes losing. Anna is a figure who believes America is her rescue network, her home, and can not do her anything wrong? but she refuses to worsen to perform a job in which she does not believe. She is heavy, optimistic, stubborn and arrogant about her life without worrying about leaving her second, yet she drops them instantly. Anna flip-flops between celebrities, making this movie ideal for an aging star, but not an idea of ​​a watched audience. "Anna" was awarded for her star Sally Kirkland and her ability to get a "playful" role, but the month until 2008 "Anna" is not the basis of the film culture. It's dated, boring and formally chaotic. Director Yurek Bogayevicz has an Anno message about the lies of Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to leave. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with a camera, use wooden frames to make Kirkland stand out and not be afraid to shrink the surrounding characters, so when you leave the movie, you remember Kirkland. If this is not obvious, this film did not satisfy me. From the opening of the first screenplay and deep within the second, Anna considered herself a theatrical production in high school. The characters did not exist, there was no illuminating pre-prepared story, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, stubbornly saying she was better than other actresses who were trying the same lifestyle she wanted. She accidentally encounters a friend, a young girl who also went on a long journey to get to America for glitter and spell. Two of them (within 20 minutes) built a friendship that could break all the walls. It's emotionally boring and unbelievable. Again, randomly, are we meeting with friend Anna Daniel (played by a weak Robert Fields) who does not bring anything to the table in terms of definition or character? only to raise attention to Kirklandin Anna. In almost two hours, we see how more random events associated with unnamed characters intertwine each other, and create a weak story that is held together by loose fibers? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, that's what pain says, but "Anna" could have been a fantastic movie if Bogayevicz was the same time between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we were forced to a one-sided play where the emotional scenes speak louder than the fence. <br /> <br /> Is it the place where Charlize Theron has found inspiration for her carefree role in Monster or Halle Berry in Monster's Ball? Was Sally Kirkland one of the earliest actresses found that by letting go of a sign, Oscar will shine in their direction? During this film I was disgusted with Kirkland's portrayal of Anna and Bogayevicz's excitement for something else smoothly. Bogayevicz gives us Anna who hardly works for her parts, does not care about the others and is generally conceivable? but must we feel compassionate for her? Near the beginning of the film, she forces what she wants to do to others, and she is upset when she does not get it. Of course, the aging actresses have a challenge, but Kirkland is more childish than mature. This is where Anna could improve. If this was a mature Kirkland, I would want to swallow it, but this stuttering, childish Anna, could not be trusted. While my favorite scene was close to the end when Anna goes to watch one of her older movies (including absurd make-out characters) and the movie burns, this scene is also one of my favorite. Anna created a phenomenal life for herself, creating movies and building a dream, but when someone wants to enter this spotlight, she gets jealous and outraged. It did not mean I wanted a character character that I would like to stand for or win the Oscar. Together with a classic 80s synthesizer in the background, horror over the top wardrobe and the shifted end (where did it come and what happened?) ?? "Anna" has gone far beyond the amazing cinema. It was a demonstration, an opportunity for an aging star who once again screamed for the world. It worked this way, but I do not think I'll be angry again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can not say that this movie was amazed. "Anna" is not a film about an aging film star; it's Sally Kirkland and ONLY Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to do the story more, but fails either because Kirkland does not allow him or just realizes he is not enough to support the whole story. There is one or two decent scenes in this movie, but nothing that would support this film as innovative or influential. Did Bogayevicz not create a character that the audience believed, ripped or devoted to Sunday afternoon? he created anger. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress who played her a bit overcrowded and rattles on her sides. Maybe I miss the scope of this film, but what movies do, like this work, is the cooperation of all those involved. That was not the case here. In Anne, Kirkland orders Daniel to behave like a dog (seemingly a symbolic act), yet I could not help throughout the emotional scene, but I thought it was what Kirkland reminded of those who were on the set. She did not make it into the movie, transforming her into her own production, and Anna disappointed it. Can not I suggest to anyone? from one to another? Skip it! <br /> <br /> Grade: * ½ of ***** (for the annoying theatrical scene that scared me)
