There are some awards for this show. One of them is that the melody theme has a nice melody. The show has a good assumption. I'm also probably in a minority, but I like Wanda. I like the fact that she cares, and it's more mature characters for Timmy. Despite all this I do not like it, it's not excrement, but it is very unpleasant to me. I do not think it's the best animated show on planet Earth. When I use this term for an animated TV show, I think of Peter Pan and the Pirates, I mean Darkwing Duck, I mean Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really likes Wild Thornberrys and he did not like the fact that he liked it. I do not even think that a total of unparalleled parents are the worst animated show on planet Earth. I admit that it's unpleasant and in some ways overrated, but it's not the worst show on Nickolodean. This is the Chalk Zone, a god that shows it is illegal. But the worst animated show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Get a clue that is grossly animated, inoperative and sincerely shameful. One thing I do not like about this show is animation. Characters, forgive me when I'm traveling, have very special facial features and many backgrounds are boring and lack the color that makes Spongebob Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so nice to look at. I think the characters except Wanda are very annoying. I can not believe that such a talented voice actress, like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff), has spoken to Timmy. Timmy does not like me as a leader, he's annoying and sometimes patronizing, and he's also a bad decision maker. And his voice rises to my nerves. I really like Strong but not in this show. Another unpleasant figure is Cosmo, an allegedly funny figure. Instead, his jokes are as unhappy as they could happen. They are either a) invented, or b) above the acquaintance. Timmy's parents are horrible characters who do not quarrel about their son and their personality is very thin. Story lines are largely non-original, and I'm still thinking where I've already seen it. The episodes after the arrival of the child I thought were undignified. Even worse is the scenario, very unhappy, childish, powerless and suffering from a total lack of energy. Overall, this is not the worst show ever, but quite bad for fans of animation and quite inconvenient to sit. 3/10 - there is quality redemption and I fully understand if they like it. Bethany Cox
