I started watching this show probably around 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at the time I was younger, I enjoyed a few jokes at this show. In 2003 I was 11 and I'm 14 (2007). Although my age probably plays an important role in how I judge this show, after reading the other reviews I found out that after the third season this show went down the pipes. I agree. This show is unpleasant, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. The show spins around Timmy Turner, who has been given two fairy tales, because his life was basically horrible - his parents were never, and he had an ugly baby. The task of the show is that this child (Timmy) and his parents are always wishing a breakthrough that can not be avoided by other wishes, because something in the "Da Rule" says they can not. The show has many rows that are still repeated, such as "magic can not break the true love, super toilet," or even some junk jokes that Nickelodeon probably thought was fun and decided to set different times in the episode. <br /> <br /> The show is aimed at children under the age of 10 because it is a rough situation and a "childish humor" that most children of my age would not care about. Choosing a voice character might be better. Timmy has an extraordinarily loud, sharp, female voice, like Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's dad sounds like some announcer or hostess, Timmy's mother's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. Attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy speaks back and acts spoiled and snobbish. Wanda is obviously clever and wise. Cosmo is stupid, silly and incapable of thinking, just like Timmy's dad. Timmy's mom seems to end up doing what he does to Timmy's dad. The show is too far away from reality than to get my hobbies. Maybe I was more humorous in this show, but as I grow up, it really gets old. And not to mean that you have admitted or "beaten", but the show has the mentality that makes you commit murderous activity to the characters. Such a show must be your attitude if you know what I mean. If not, it basically disgalls you.
