When I first saw the Prom Night Trailer, I must admit that the trailer looks good and as if it was a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw Prom Night yesterday night and I must say I have to grow up because that was such a fucking film, not to mention that I'm so tired and tired of typical horror slasher films with strong sounds like an excuse to scare people. There were no tensions, characters, how did I take care of them? There was no development at all, murderer ?! Oh, my God, this was probably the stupidest serial killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why would a person who never (or at least know about him) kill, kill a girl's family and friends that he's just obsessed ? I mean, he'll be kidnapping or killing her? I have no idea, because this movie makes no sense and is too predictable and insulting to real fans of horror. Donna's family was brutally murdered by her teacher, who became very obsessed with her, he was captured and imprisoned. It's been three years now, and she's got some peace in her life, even going to her senior ball. But the killer has escaped and still has Donna in mind, he's watching her on his ball, which is bad news for his friends, hotel maid and bell because it's such a good idea to kill a maid and a bell boy so nobody is suspicious enough to find out , where are those employees. Donna has a lot of trouble, because even this murderer, who is obviously a man, can obviously get into homes that have not noticed and can kill people so quietly, just, wow. I'm sorry, I really wanted to Love this movie, we did not have a good movie for a long time but it was just a stupid film that I was not overwhelmed with. Only the situations were unbelievable and the actors were uncomfortable. I know this was PG-13, but do I like someone brutally stabbed to death and have just a little blood on their clothes? Not to mention stabbing? I do not want to recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teenager This movie was created for teens, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror film, no offense for those who enjoyed this movie but I do not understand how anyone can do it. <br /> <br /> 2/10
