"The Hazing" is one of those films I always wanted to see on the illustrated picture here on IMDb. Yes, that's how I'm shallow! I do not care if ten million people say it's a stupid movie, the poster looks amazing, so I think I just have to see it? Now, "The Hazing" may be somewhat described as its alternative title: Curious! The poster and title sound like a true horror film set on campus and dealing with malicious initiation ceremonies, but this film is actually a cross between comedy and thriller. First, there is something wrong with the word on the old VHS box I was watching. He says: did he have good grades, a good girl and good friends? until they do it through The Hazing. "Protagonist Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by a recognized campus through an athletic scholarship that takes over half of the movie before we learned about his girlfriend at home and the only" friend "is very nasty Charles Martin Smith (still hair in this film) Both of whom are approached to become members of the prestigious "Delts" Brotherhood, but during their amazing rehearsal in which they must descend when Lewis returns with the other boys, Barney has already frozen to death and together intended to keep the body frozen for five days and then claiming he never returned from a weekend ski trip.Barney's body hidden in a freezer café is for Lewis to cover him, so Barney's absence does not look suspicious. "The Hazing" is completely original and potentially innovative but professional Blem is that the execution could to be much better, the tone is too stable and too serious for comedy, even even black, but on the other hand there are no proper attempts to excite tension or excitement. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of light melodies, but it's almost not enough to make this movie a comedy. About one hour into the film lies a conspiracy and an idea, and the creators have no better alternative to filling the emptiness with the romantic compilations of Lewis and his friend outdoors around the countryside. I did not like the last twist because it is quite unlikely and because it was done many times before and after (but certainly after). "The Hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but I'm still glad to find an ex-rental casket near a friend's house, instead of spending money on recently released DVDs.
