The soloist has all the ingredients to work at the academy. Her director Joe Wright has already created the best photo candidate. Leading actor, Robert Downey Jr., played in a highly prized superhero. Finally, the film itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously driven out of the release at the end of 2008, filmmakers and critics were confused. Now that I've seen it, I assure you that Universal will not write this movie just to support Iron Man-Oscar buzz. The soloist is a weak drama without an external conflict that is considerably worse than any of the best candidates for the 2009 photo. <br /> <br /> Downey and teammate Jamie Fox are not responsible for this misfortune. Joe Wright is largely guilty, but he can not even save his life story. Many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. This is unusually simple. It's a film about journalist reporter Steve Lopez (Downey) who is sprawling with a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). And it is done. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not reflect the traditional approach of Lopez to friendship. Two will become friends. They begin this film as well known and are BFFs their end. The stress consists of such moments: Ayers lets Lopez take him to the homeless? This material would rather be used as a production made for television than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright contains many cheap humor scenes that obscure the lack of content. Lopez fights with raccoon rains in what I consider to be a partial conspiracy. Do you remember when it happened in reconciliation or pride and prejudice? These films were structured enough to allow an occasional joke, but nothing so extended. Ayers' story is exhausted when it does not have to be. The worst thing is that these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It's a way of admitting that the main story has little appeal. Nathaniel was a violin miracle with hard upbringing (I was also). This is an imaginative attempt to create sympathy for Ayers when most of us have it. He is a schizophrenic homeless who calls out loud! The film somewhat expresses human love for music, as Amadeus and Beethoven live above. But it's not as effective as any of these images. The whole movie is hanging on Ayers schizophrenia. Ultimately, this is the way it works with everyone else. His music is a nice touch, but hardly worth it. The film does not fully include this feature in its personality. Take the music from Amadeus or Beethoven live upstairs, and there will be no movie left. The soloist is more about friendship in general than about music. Nathaniel could be a writer or film critic, and several dialogue lines will have to be seriously altered. This is just a third film by Joe Wright and his first, not a romantic staring at Keira Knightley. Hopefully this film is not a sign of how limited its abilities are. There is a stylistic nod at his earlier work, but the soloist is much weaker than one of them. In its defense, Universal should not agree to make this picture widely available. This film seems to be adapted to Imagine Entertainment (distributors of Changeling). I would not be so disappointed if he had a limited release. Its poor performance at the box office may prevent better distribution of national drama.
