Prom Night is filmed by the artistic eye someone gives while carving the original film Lifetime. You know that. In October, Lifetime will dissociate himself from the courageous view of the surviving woman (name the disease here) to tell the rather haunted story of a woman watching the stalker ex-boyfriend. Is it dramatic? is it poor? it is extremely boring. He does not understand that he supports a genre, narrates an original story, or tries any kind of novelty. Prom Night shares this situation. Watching murderers in sacrificial murders, we sit quietly as they descend to the ground without dissipating a drop of blood. It seemed to me that this is the purest murderer in the history of the film. Our director works with a relatively good-looking killer, so he is forced to pour the cameras into the angle to make him creepier. Think about Matthew McConaughey coming with you with a knife. You would probably go? "Okay, look, the guy will kill me, Naaaa." It's not scary after a while, so the director throws Schaech into the shadows and over his shoulder in the mirror. This mirror image repeats itself to the point of illness as it practically becomes a fetish creator. In this movie you will get 15 jumps, 2 of which are jumping the date (maybe I would say they are afraid of everything). I would also mention that she decided to take half the film in the movie and threaten to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if this film was not sufficiently fragmented, it looks like it is cut into pieces. I'm not saying that it looks like the key points were left on the floor because the crew scrambled to save some form of horror film; I say how the movie moves from scene to scene, you often get to jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when the film captures the fire and the projector is forced to join together, cross your fingers and hope it will be the best. Editor should be shot. With land you can pack into two sentences, one shattered blood spray, an emo killer and the tension of a very special "silver spoon" episode you left no reason to support horror this weekend ?? at least on the big screen. In fact, it's a movie that should be punished. Is it really hard to make a frightening movie? Was this crew even aware that they were making a horror film? !! Total loss of time and yours. I bit a bullet to get this review. Do not let my sacrifice be vain. DO NOT GO TO THE FILM !!!
