Too much borrowed grade B- <br /> <br /> Sunday in the Super Bowl is one of the slowest days in cinemas every year. For this reason, film studios are trying to avoid making more budget films a weekend. Every few years, the studio produces a counterprogramm female skewing film (2001 "The Wedding Planner"), which competes with a great game. This Super Bowl weekend, similarly called The Wedding Date, will try to find success and attracts viewers who do not see the game. One of the most popular women, Kat Ellis (Debra Messing, Will and Grace TV), hires male escorts Nick (Dermot Mulrony, About Schmidt) for her sister's wedding in London. Her family gives her a hard time not to be married, and her seven-year-old woman, who forsakes her without reason, is the best person. To make him jealous, Kat shows Nick around his ex to see him missing. But in the end Nick helps Kata to realize she can open up and let her love her. The film rents too many similar wedding films. It's almost a 1999 copy of "Picture Perfect" and mixes in "The Wedding Planner" and "My Best Friends Wedding" sceneries. The film also has a reversed theme of "Pretty Women" that she is going to do, and when she knows her audience, the director makes a good reference to this and other films. "Wedding Date" has all the clichés elements of a typical wedding film, there is a stereotypical mother (Holland Taylor, "Legally Blonde") and practically plagiaristic wedding speeches from family and friends at wedding and test dinners. The turn to the end is earlier, but it was something that was not entirely awaited. The real reason Kat was thrown off was a surprise and changed the direction of the film for the last half hour. Even though "The Wedding Date" is predictable, she is able to stand alone. Debra Messing, in her first major role, proves she can be charming and entertaining. Dermot Mulrony has a great chemistry with Debo Messing, but most of his dialogue was too rough and unrealistic. He is able to best achieve what was given to him and be able to save the figure. <br /> <br /> Using many smart puns (often sexual), the movie is really fun. Although movies are primarily cats, they have components that everyone can enjoy. He feels good story and humor makes him the best film he has released for a long time.
