When you insert this DVD into the player and press the "play" button, you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen as the laser is guided to the correct starting point in the middle of the disc. CERTIFY THIS TIME. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably PM so you can fall asleep) because you will have a massive headache as soon as this movie starts. They play a bunch of big-breasted girls and with a hole that actually smiled a little, I thought I'd be fine. Sure, the initial succession was a bit unfortunate, and most of the jokes were flat and I thought it would be some scream for Scream (by the way, my only laugh was since Julie Strain's last comment on this scene). But then I knew it was a problem ... the introductory sequence had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I looked at DVD titles and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" and "BETTER THAN SEX!". I knew what the selling point of this movie would be. And that's a sad truth: ONLY a good thing about this movie is an attractive cast. Besides, it's unfortunately a routine movie slasher that throws an "innovative" concept of murderous clubs, which in the end is fake. So the whole movie is showing a different direction to try to be confusing and this huge secret, but it all adds that it is not at all interesting and it makes you feel like you do not care about any of the characters. I mean, when the film's main character is revealed to have murdered an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy with her when she worries about her life? The influence of Scream is predominant in the whole spectrum, with a spiritual face killer and some really terrible jokes. We also dealt with scenes of the main character talking to Mum and Dad (Lloyd Kaufman, the only great part of the movie!) About abortion or something. Uh. Yeah ... It's not the movie "so bad-it-good," it's just a BAD. Someone compared it to the movie Throma, but ... you know, most movies that come from the full moon (or its reflection, as this film proves) is terrible. It's not terrible in the sense of Troma - I've seen many Troms' movies and I can honestly say that everyone is offering something READY that you can go with you and tell your friends later. Nevertheless, this film has nothing to do with it. Attention.
