The killer, wearing a white plastic mask and a black coat, kills a friend of Hollywood producer Shawna Banning (Danny Wolske), who inherited his position when someone stepped his former employer from his crotch to his chest. Perhaps the psychopath is newly hired by Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), an attractive, raven hair beauty with a family history that is struggling with nightmares. Shawn and his friends play a practical joke on Maddy when it comes to the alleged Murder Club, they began where each member randomly picked the victim to kill. When Maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking garage because of the fact that this person has hit her in the car, she finds that Shawn's friends have been tricking her string. But Shawn and his other are concerned that Maddy admits to murder and thinks of bringing her to the appropriate authorities. When they decide to wait for the final decision, each member will become the prey of a white masked psycho with Maddy suspect due to the fact that she has already killed her. Or is there anybody else behind these murders? Low budget slasher, executive produced by Charles Band, with gore murders that they can not convince. Lots of breasts on the screen and Allen Nabors sneaky character Chris can entertain those with little expectation. Murders include a stomach that is open with intestines showing a cut neck, an electric cord throwing into the pool to fry a female victim to run all day, an ax buried in the back of a male victim and the top of all, a couple is strangled by a rope during a sexual climax (For the next effect, the killer uses the squeegee cutter bar as an extra lever to hold the neck as tight as possible). There are plenty of holes for trucking, for example, why Maddy has nightmares of murders that have not let her kill so brutally (with the blood after her) that she gets up in bed without leaving something on the scene of crime, and how Shawn could have gone for so long, and allowed her to continue with her business, despite what she had said about the murder she had committed, and the constant desire to enter the supposed club did not exist. I was most worried about the desire of the film if we wanted somehow with this female protagonist who wanted to join the club after killing someone and later declared her an accident. The film shoots Maddy as a potential psycho in her entire history. Her family made her abortion impossible. It's exhausted, and always comes to the scenes of crime after the end of reality. In many cutters, it seems that the one who is most likely to kill is often a herring, but this film is about pointing Maddy. When confusion appears, we remain on Maddy, but we know it is not in the head. It's hard to sell care for this chick. She looks great in a men's shirt. And Rochon is not afraid to let his puppy breathe. Low-income horror fans get kicked out of seeing a favorite cult of Brinke Stevens as a religious fanatical mother who pretends to do what Maddy did and called her murderer as beloved producer Tromy Lloyd Kaufman is a watchful father who can not get the word wise to protect her daughter, she really cares about. Cult siren Julie Strain has a small portrait and shows her breasts (of course) when she opened the murder of a girlfriend when a man crushed her hammer. Oh, and look at the office for which Shawn works, you'll see plenty of Full Moon posters and wall artwork.
