Devin Hamilton is probably better known as a new name in the legendary Full Moon entertainment. Unfortunately, his admission to this independent study took place at a time when the budget and production figures were the lowest in years. However, in his short career, Hamilton became a creative director who has inventive and original stories. Now it does not mean that his films are good, but at least different from the usual horror genre. In the debut "Bleed", Hamilton introduces us to a creative turn under the genre of slasher. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets her dream job done. Not only that, but she also seems to have found a friend in Shaun (Danny Wolske), it seems Maddy's life is smiling after many sad events. As long as they attend a party with Shaun's friends, they tell her they have created a "club" where members have to kill someone who enters. They are obviously joking, but Maddy desperately wants to come in order to kill someone. After this event someone starts killing the rest of the "club" members one by one. it's up to Maddy to find out what's going on, because anyone could be a killer, including her. <br /> <br /> Maddy is a very interesting character and played beautiful by Debbie Rochon. It's a very interesting turn to the genre to make the lead actress part of the suspects. The concept is so original and Rochon's performance is so good that it's a real shame that Hamilton did not develop the story a little better. The film feels relatively slow, and the overall feeling is the good idea of ​​a bad movie. The rest of the cast is strange in the sense that all the cast are very good, while the male cast is painfully bad. Danny Wolske is horribly wooden and his performance as yuppie is quite stereotypical. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens & Lloyd Kaufman appear in small portraits and are amazing in their small roles. There is also a lot of nudity (male and female) and the cast is very good looking, so it's really a plus. The low budget hurts the movie in the effects department because there are very few bloody scenes and are not really graphic (probably because they look bad); however, given the budget, the film looks good at least. <br /> <br /> Hamilton's latest effort, the "Delta Delta Die!" sexploitation project, is a better filmmaker and a more entertaining film. While this is not as bad as other well-known movies, it still has a lot of mistakes and can only be interesting for fans of Debbie Rochon or independent film fans without a budget. 4/10
