So when Herbie first appeared, I was happy to watch Dean Jones pitcher. I just wanted to be entertained for a few hours and eat too blurred popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have the expectation of a stunning / gorgeous story whenever I look at the film unless I'm on some medication. And that's another good movie for medicine. There are no big laughs, no complicated plot lines, no heavy twists. Herbie Fully Loaded is great for fully charged. <br /> <br /> This was the first time I saw La Lohan on the screen because she had changed places with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought it was excellent). I can not say I was amazed this time. In addition to her constantly changing and disturbingly unnatural hair color, she was simply not right as a boy who spent all his life hanging around road racers. Her "need for speed" was not consistently displayed in the film - perhaps it was elsewhere - she looked older than her part and seemed to always look for something (page designer togs - a new place to spend money?) Off file. I did not see any chemistry with Justin Longe; romance seemed at best mandatory. The only time Lindsay appeared was interacting with Matt Dillon, who I thought was right over the top like Evil Bad Guy Trip Murphy. It was great that I saw Herbie again and I loved the movie introduction with the material from the old films. If Disney had jumped up with some of the Car 53 jewelry, I could wear it just to be faithful. Its new feature (?) Was a bit inconsistent (is the direction of the driver's ideas? Does he now have a skateboard?), But whatever. We all knew how it would end, but I wish he would end up with someone a little less ugly than Maggie. And my head is still hurting from the lesson Maggie and the audience is bothering home. <br /> <br /> What would make the movie useful? Let the old Herbie in a real story with a real spike - at least Herbie is as good as Lassie - but it clearly asks too much. Why is it that Disney always gets to the same level as "Herbie Goes Bananas" and "Computer Wearing Sneakers" in terms of innovation? <br /> <br /> I'm sure it was a great movie for kids and you did not expect. For the rest of us ... it's when you have a flu, and you just can not take the strain on the back window.
