One of the most common items in the "goofs" category is anachronism. Even though I'm beginning to believe that anachronism and other goofs are more acceptable, even ignored, in very good films, but they are found in front and middle spots in rotten films. KISS THEM FOR ME is a devastated film and deep anachronism, but when I watched him closely, I found almost nothing of an anachronism. The footage of the aircraft that make the film is definitely out of place. The large four-axle motorcarriage, which emerged after the title of "Honolulu 1944", appears as a post-war C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS colors). Military aircraft that saw the departure from the carrier at the end are the Douglas Skyraiders who entered service after World War II and were famous for their service in Vietnam. But with the exception of these two films and, of course, hairstyles, everything else is very likely. It just feels so bad. I'm an admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his direction of the city (1949), at the end of the car he was persecuted with the police, who ruled Ford in 1949/50, but there is not even the slightest feeling that it is out of the WW2 movie. In fact, as I later turned off, there is nothing to say that it is a WW2 movie. Just feel that way. Based on the Fancy Free Wartime Broadway Musical Instrument (Fancy Free), based on the work of art director Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934), there is a great movie about sailors on a 24-hour passage in New York and so tough with war associations, it only assumed it was happening during the war, and yet these cars do nothing to break the spell. The first problem is old Cary Grant. Although he is too old to represent the Navy SBD pilot, it is a Hollywood tradition for stars such as Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig) and Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) who play younger. It was the task to which the miscastast was, not its age. He plays the operator as they called them. The guy who does things and breaks all the rules when he does, remains admired and loves. Cheat. Bicycle Dealer. De rigueur character in service comedy. Grant is a comic center of what is after all considered to be a comedy service that is inconsistent with its comedy style. Think back to Grant's great comedic performances such as BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LOVE (1944) and is a great reactor whose comedy has to be reduced from its dignity to the pungent puddle inert jelly. The KISS is supposed to be a comic spark, which is simply not. People have been exposed to the type, most recently by comedian Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on TV. The role will be improved later by James Garner, but Grant is simply not funny, and it seems to be a beat that has come in the way by aggressively pushing his Cary Grantness rather than cajoling and finessing. But the thing that really smarts instead of anachronism is the leading woman. There are no 50s more women than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique for decades. Marilyn Monroe can be placed in a continuum with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and with lots of stupid blondes and Grace Kelly was another college (you think of Mary Astor), but in movies like Mansfield she could never be an anatomically exaggerated woman. Surely there were "girl sweaters" (like Lana Turner) from WW2, but Mansfield stretched out. Suzy Parker was a model that changed the modeling company that changed the figurine to become the first natural girl to move and whose personality was captured by a camera (see Stanley Donen, FUNNY FACE (1957)). <br /> <br /> Of course, in the style of the 1950s, it seems that a lot of sexes are mixed on the "wild parties", but there is never a hint of sex (think about the 50s of Bachelor Father or The Bob Cummings Show TV shows, only from "data"). The original book I did not read came out during the war and appeared as a play on Broadway at the end of the war, and the nuances of the situation had to be inevitable for present readers and audiences, and reconstructed a dozen years later, and mortally miscast, it would remain a forgotten spot on otherwise exemplary career until the invention of VCR and cable television resurrected this scammy turkey. So the lesson here is anything 'goof' that will be ignored in a great movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually heard Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud'?), And tolerated in fun as WESTWORLD (why did the robots get live ammunition?) But absolutely scorn in a filthy movie, even when the goofs are actually nonexistent.
