In Doubtful Comic Veil Mel Brooks "Fully Moses!" tries to take the biblical story of Moses and make it fun, which results in the worst biblical spoof ever shot. There is no real conspiracy, just apologizing to trot talented comedic talent in signed roles. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a tour of the Holy Land when they encounter an old scroll in the cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, who also played Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is similar to Moses. He was sent to the river to find the Pharaoh's family, and at the same time Moses. Herschel's native father, late James Coco, becomes Herschel's slave after Herschel is rescued by idols and works as a sculptor. Eventually, Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, is thrown out and finishes taking care of Moses' flock of sheep. Herschel and Moses are brothers and their sisters and Herschel think that God chose him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received a divine word, but Herschel did not understand. I will stop here to laugh hysterically ... stop ... anyway, the rest of the film is a series of misspelled scenes involving Moore and actors who make a "special look". These scenes do not create a drawing in advance, they bring what little story to the armor. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three rows when he meets Hersch in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel who gives the same line of readings he wrote in The Paper Chase. David L. Lander is a fake blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's sisters. I did not know who Madeline Kahn would be, she would give Herschel to her and she would have about a minute and a half screen. John Ritter plays a very unhappy devil. Richard Pryor has one scene as a pharaoh, but it was obviously shot at a different time than Moore's scene because they are not shown on the screen together! Finally, Zerelda changes into a salt column after looking back at the destruction of the new Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes ten commandments and gives them to Moses, who is proud of all the glory. In the final scenes, the screenwriter decides to try to save this shallow film by putting Herschel a bait of God into the argument. God acts as an omnipotent rapist who led Herschel to his own amusement and spoke through him to give him ten commandments. We even have Zerelde that "God works in mysterious ways," justifying the very non-Christian behavior of everyone in the film. This movie is not funny. Everywhere there is laughter. At least, Monty Python doubted the life of Jesus, who, in Brian Life, had fun from many established religious foundations, but here humor is composed of jokes and characters that are constantly growing. It makes Mel Brooks look like a merchant / ivory. Churchgoers are offended not only by the philosophical attitude to religion, but by the sameness of the film, which is overwhelmed by its own shame (I know nothing) about a topic of which, of course, nothing knows. "Completely Moses!" is totally bad and is for everyone involved. I suggest that you read a book instead. <br /> <br /> This is rated (PG) for some physical violence, nausea, sexual references and adult situations.
