What a complete piece of waste. Regardless of when the film action revolves around the aircraft, do you think the writers / producers / director (or someone!) Would do a bit of homework with at least some details. The errors were so obvious that I was eager at the end of the film. Here are just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - certainly worse than the F-117 "Air Force One". Commercial air companies usually have their logos painted on the aircraft rather than the BOEING 747? probably (cheap) use of some advertising / promotional films by Boeing's director. Exclusive wireline wires are at best average for home wiring, much less millions of dollars of wired electrical wiring. Airplanes like 747 rely more on pressure than on oxygen supply to keep breathable air, and if they relied on board supplies, the container would be much larger than the size of the fist. Medical tape is not a suitable substitute for threaded hose connections. These were F-16, NO F-15. Mach 1+ (speed of the sound) would be difficult to achieve when static start of the take-off engine (observe the speed indicator). "Standard Formation" simply maintains work within one nautical mile, forming a "route" is what flies - not the most appropriate form of capture. "Obtaining a rocket lock" is unlikely to get the attention of an airline pilot - it does not have radar detection or countermeasures. "Wait for my signal" there is no intercell communication to prepare for anything. The depression of the door opening during the flight is not a reason for an immediate steep left bank. Head screaming does not mean it's being broadcast. Magnetic headings are listed as "headers", not "bearings", and numbers are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are just like compasses on the ground!), So turning left (not "port") from "bearing" 618 to 502 is just stupid. Is it in most cases impossible to "just turn the yoke to the left until the right headline is reached"? such a thing will result in 360 degree roles until the yoke is again centered. The probability that the stewardess finds and successfully engages an autopilot is only slightly larger than the probability that it will actually land safely. The airplanes do not stop immediately after pulling the reverse brake and 747 have more than one small lever to control the multi-engine thrust. The flaps decrease in steps, usually just before and immediately after the chassis extension, not a few seconds before the landing (good way to fall). To stop the aircraft, wheel brakes are required, just pull the throttle (this time another lever in the film) to idle, allowing you to slow down the end of the track. Did I mention that these fighters were F-16 and NE F-15? I guess I am? And that's just what I recently watched this terrible movie.
