French director Jean Rollin is not exactly known for great movies and this confused mess is one of the reasons why. One of the most confused things about this production is the title. For a director who is well known for directing erotic movies about lesbian vampires; you expect a movie called "nude" in the title to be particularly bare; but in fact there is no nudity at all. Instead of erotic lesbian vampires without clothing; we have a cumbersome plot about a man who wants to unlock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose suffering could have a key and a suicidal cult who do not do much. The film begins promisingly with a sequence that sees a young girl, masked by a mysterious group of people in masks under the command of a young French man who is also the son of a prominent man. His examination will soon find out that this woman is not just a normal lady, and how she deeper into the cult; he finds that bullets can not be killed, he drinks blood and can not go out in the daylight ... It sounds like a clear cut of vampirism to me. Jean Rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going through the whole movie, but it is not interesting because the plot is so badly done. It is possible to keep up with what is happening, but just because there are so many other films that follow similar plot. It seems that the director knows they are also rebutting the fence because the top is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. At the end is also a throw-in; but the movie would be better without him. I think it was John Rollin's attempt to be a bit original, but it is based on trying to try it rather than the logical continuation of the story. Cinematography is fairly pure, lots of plotting takes place in appropriately Gothic places. The girls on the deck finish what is a nice picture and Rollin's film lacks in logic and consistency, somewhat it does in style. He defends the film in 1969; which somewhat explains the lack of shocks, but I can not recommend this movie because it does not have much to do about it worth to take note of.
