This review may contain some SPOILS. Just when you thought they were not doing so extremely bad, Rae Dawn Chong comes as a space vixen and Willie Nelson as a native American witchdoctor! It's even worse when you look at the best aspects of Starlight, which should only be seen on laughter. Chong is a stranger sent to Earth to search for the only remaining half breed, a partial human, and partly a foreigner. The Earth seems to be in tight conditions. Something fails with the genetics of humanity, and within a few decades the world turns into a polluted wasteland. Only by duplicating the half-breed DNA can a kind extraterrestrial race save the planet. Do not ask me how it is because the film gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by the pollution caused by people. Do you think Earth can be saved only by getting rid of polluted beings and not saving them! Anyway, half of the breed is Billy Wirth, a man living in a small southwest city and part of the American family, despite his mother being a Caucasian and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Was not that a malarkey who made the bombing Carmen Electra "The Chosen" such a cry? Chong arrives on his ship just as Wirth almost drowns when he rides his motorcycle into the lake, in the form of a recklessness that is the result of just breaking up with his girlfriend. Before you can pronounce the word "hogwash," Chong reveals his secret to Wirth, who is not surprised for a moment, and spreads the word to Wirth's family. Chong also makes friends with Wirth's mother, who apparently lost several of her balls over the years. Well, that's because Wirth's father was a foreigner who left her. Of course, he's a standard rogue stranger who has appropriately chosen this moment to come to Earth for Wirth to use Wirth's DNA to make people on Earth build up his slaves. (Huh?) His ridiculous attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture Wirth suck most of the time on the screen and are the worst scenes in the movie. Not only are they boring, but they're the scene where you'll see the most. <br /> <br /> Ideas can be nice on paper, but they are treated with the greatest stupidity, especially in the above scene with a rogue stranger. But the effects are a play of the film. The opening scene involves Chong on his spaceship, communicates with her superior, someone we do not see, but Chong communicates with him through a jacket that emits pink light. They do not use any spoken words, but telepathy, so we leaned with the subtitles. The problem is that both Chong and her supervisor both look alike, and the director does not give you any indication of which of the two actually "speaks" at the moment, which makes the whole conversation as nothing but crazy. Spacecraft is the worst effect that came out of Hollywood on this side of Ed Wood. Now I'm usually calm about the effects when I'm dealing with a low budget movie like this one, but these effects really got to me. The most insulting was the simplest: a fake night sky. The stars in the sky are so fake that they almost sound a dial tone. Most notable are the moments when Chong tells someone from Pleiades and we get a shot of seven stars. The thing is that the seven stars capture about half the night sky in the movie, but each stargazer knows that Pleiades is a star cluster between the constellations of Perseus and Taurus and the cluster of stars does not occupy much space in the sky. These effects are just so bad that your jaw will hang down and down at any moment. Be careful as it will go through the floor during the final when Willie Nelson turns into human headlights and a. . Oh, it must be seen to believe! <br /> <br /> Starlight, the bright star; The last star I see tonight; I wish I could, I could; you do not have to track this waste long ago. <br /> <br /> Score Zantary: 1 out of 10.
