This film begins promisingly, with an early scene in which Frank Morgan counters against the marriage of Gary Cooper with his daughter Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, who plays a fearless thief, is loudly complaining to Cooper for his perceived damage to his family - including his daughter Anita Louise. I'm a fan of all three actors. Frank Morgan is (in my opinion) a Hollywood treasure, a Cooper legend, and Louise a very nice, versatile and unconditional actress rarely seen in the lead role. I also have nothing against Terese Wright, and although it is not blessed with a great range, it usually adds heart-warming performance. From a promising opening, the story slides down the hill to the end. I did not find anything humorous about burning the indigenous Cooper's future. Butler in such a demanding, non-smoking household would never leave without delay, which would allow Cooper to continue smoking, otherwise he would certainly offer him some means to get rid of bad timed cigarettes. In addition, nobody who would have common sense would allow him to be left in the possession of a fired cigarette without asking for a way to remove it. Finally, nobody in your right mind will break the cigarette in a handkerchief and will not put it in your pocket! This whole sequence caused Cooper to be stupid and gauche. It's a bad show - badly conceived and shot in a way that makes laughter, not laughter. <br /> <br /> The forced medical examination of Cooper is the same. No one is allowed to undergo a full medical examination without the purpose or consent! Cooper was so far away from reality to be funny - it's absurd! Stealing children from hospitals is a serious crime, and you also can not laugh. Finally, the scenes of Cooper's supernatural, nervous attention to the feeding and weight of the baby may have struck nerves with several people who have experienced anxiety over their newborns. But to me, it looks tedious and slow. In these scenarios it was a wardrobe and department of the department, while paradoxically the script writer went to sleep. Lines are simply not in scripts that generate humor. It is simply missing on all the cylinders. The laughter does not come miles per minute, but more like light per minute. The only time the movie has any energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is at the camera. A scene that is utterly unnecessary is when both Cooper's love interests and their respective fathers are together in the same hotel. There is probably a rich vein of humor somewhere in the mine, but none of it has been exhausted. Finally, one of the two very nice girls gets injured. Predictably, she is the character of Anita Louise, who gets her teeth on her wedding night! While it's not at the camera, it's her fate, and that's not a special fun - even as a free end. She did not find anything in this movie that worries me (unlike Gail Patrick, let's say, in my favorite wife). That's why I expected (perhaps "I hope" it's a better word in the context of the movie!) For Anita Louise, who also has a happy ending. The fact that such a pretty figure is basically destroyed at the end of the film actually undermines the effect of the "happy ending" for Coopera and Wright. I'm waiting for something to happen, for the humorous dialogue so characteristic of the movies of the times ... And it never was. Frank Morgan's good performance in a somewhat different role is completely unnecessary here.
