I realize that bringing a novel to a big screen is always problematic. This is the only positive thing I can say about this truly horrible adaptation. Have you read "Wisdom of blood?" It's an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote about the south, no one else. She was South, a devout Catholic and a remarkably gifted writer. In her first novel, she was a dark and deeply disturbing story of faith, doubt, and redemption with a horrible sense of humor and surprising indecision. Characters in the book may look outrageous for those who have not lived in rural South, but I can assure you that such people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings with families, feelings and concerns as any other. Flannery's intentions were so often distrustful - she did not blame the vicious predators - saw a beautiful operation of what she would call "grace" ... even in the most violent, terrible and crazy circumstances. Read "Wisdom Blood" is to be washed with feelings of fear and coming destruction. Finally, it is a long and hard thinking about our judgments and prejudices - about our global view. None of this is in the adaptation of John Huston "Gilligan's Island". None. It's a farce. Bad farce. The entire movie is saturated with a hauteur that changes the stomach. Efficiency is bad, Southern accents are fake and insulting. Film makers do not give insight into religious southern thinking. Mrs O'Connor's intense prose is limited to glances and cheap, amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mixture of hayseed stupidity and "Clockwork Orange" in the style of whiskey electronics that fails the story or even the movie. I got free access to this movie and I almost left. Really terribly terrible. As a party, I disagree with Mrs. O'Connor's religious views, and as I was brought up in the deep south years ago, I headed north and did not look up. But in the south there is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals (just like any other place on earth) and a cartoon of mockery with which southern people and their attitudes in this film are bordering offensives. If you want to offend (which I am not) then this film most often crosses the border. I do not like to talk about the work of an artist - John Huston was a man I did not know, and I'm sure he is a sincere and gifted filmmaker, testifying to his respected place in the film. My views are clearly distorted by reading (and loving) Flannery O'Connor's work. So I'm not saying that I come from a different perspective. Maybe as a stand alone movie it works for cinephiles. But for fans of Flannery O'Connor - and I can add that for self-respecting the souls and open individuals of all stripes - this movie is a waste of time.
