There's a little spoiler beneath that could destroy the surprise ONE unexpected and really funny scene in this movie. There's also information about the first film in this series. <br /> <br /> I caught this movie on a DVD that someone gave as a gift to my roommate. It was a set together with the first Blind Dead movie. This film was certainly much worse than the first movie "La Noche del Terror Ciego". In addition, many of the features of the first movie have changed dramatically. At the start, the film was dubbed in English (the first one was titled), which I tend to find distracting. The concept behind the series is that in the past, the local branch of Knights Templar has been involved in shameful and secret rituals. After discovering these crimes, the local peasants thrown the Templar into death so that their eyes could no longer be used, preventing them from returning from hell to exact avenging. Then we go to the modern times when Templars appear from an event to exact revenge on the villagers whose ancestors have slowed them down. Of course, since undead knights have no eyes, they can find their victims only when they make some noise. The Templars were secretive orders from the 12th century, coming from the Crusade. There were only about 150 years there before being suppressed by the Pope and others in the early 1300s. Because they were secretive, the rumors of their ceremonies, especially of initiation, always appeared. Also, because of the way society was organized, they did not necessarily have church officials who oversaw things, which meant they did not have an inner person when the things were warming up. And given the nature of their trials, they were tortured into confessions. The Order was the strongest in France, but it existed in Portugal and Spain where movies are held. Where the first movie had a virgin sacrifice, and the knights drew blood directly from the virgin's body (this is after all a horror movie) and after the knights return to life, they attack their victims by feeding and sucking their blood; in this sequel all will disappear. You still have the same scene (repeat, not the same thing) that they sacrifice a virgin, but they take the blood to the bowl and drink it. When they return, they hack people with their swords or bring people to death, which I have to say is a much less effective means of worrying your audience. There is also a time problem: in the first film, dating is much closer to the Templars, where they now say that there are 500 anniversaries of peasants burning these boys on their skin, which would date back to 1473. And the way the Templars lose their eyes is also much less interesting. At first, they have driven crows. Now they are just burned and ridiculous. Yeah yeah and maybe it was just me, but it seemed like a lot of people from this movie appeared (even if they died). It's not really a problem, because the film is completely different and not a continuation in the sense of continuation, but strange nothing less. The main point of this film is the rich man who uses the child to disperse the undead as he makes a break for the jeep. The child's father had been cheated by this wealthy man to try to get a jeep, and he walked out and told her to find her father. It comes somewhat out of blue and is perhaps the saddest scene in the movie. Of course, why the baby does not die at this moment is out of my reach and is disappointed for horror fans. I can not recommend this movie to anyone. It's not so bad that it becomes funny, so it just ends up as an average horror movie. Most of the film has several people in the church who try to go alone in different circles to escape the blind dead who surround them. When the film ends, you are not surprised at the result at all; in fact quite disappointed. If you can see the Spanish horror film in the news, look for the first movie that has at least some innovative ideas and not the expected results.
