The film is immersed in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion when commenting. In my opinion, this film pretends to explore deep problems, but it benefits stereotypes and prejudices; with a little real look. What the people in the film (and hence the writer did not see) was grace. They did not understand that God is the author of beauty and that He is the Creator of passion and sexual satisfaction in the right context of marital bonds. This means that the people of the society in which the story is based believe that nudity is sinful and that both a man and a woman who enjoys marriage are dirty is just a simplification. Such stereotypes do not really exist, for even Jewish sacred writings clearly speak of a diligent husband who will seek his female joy in front of his own. Scripture says that one should love his wife as his own body and that no one ever hates his own body, but he nourishes and loves it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and figures completely ignore the existence of passages such as Solomon's scriptures in the Old Testament, and even the Proverbs book, which says: "Enjoy the youth of your youth, let her breasts always satisfy you!" How can it be read in a different way than what God knows, approves and smiles at the marriage union and his enjoyment? Real men do not forget the value and needs of their women. Those who deny the very basic teachings of the Jewish-Christian religion. God never said that. It's absurd. Sonia rebelled because of the misapplication of the teachings of the true God Abraham. It does not have to be that. How sad. What Sonia desperately needed was truth, not tradition. In knowledge, love and obedience to God, we love the other; ahead. This is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, James, and Joseph; once and for all delivered to the saints; bought and paid Jesus Christ, just. But all right, ignore all this and leave the ancient, Holy Scripture and turn to the wisdom of the homeless and the spirits. That's a good plan. I would never recommend this film; partly because sexual content is unnecessarily graphic but also because it really does not offer any valuable insight. Take a look at "Yentl" if you want to see much more useful treatment of the Jewish tradition in conflict with the company.
