What would be his first screenplay based on his own short story "Turn around," William Faulkner brings a bizarre story of loyalty, sacrifice and really special relationships. The story originally concerned only the characters of Tone, Young and Cooper, but MGM needed to give Joan Crawford another picture to fulfill his contract, and Faulkner had to create a female role. Crawford insisted that her lines would be written in the same clipped style as her Young and Tone stars, resulting in much unintentional joy as these three communicate in the form of a telegraphic shortcut that sounds like the Montage Python sketch ("Wuthering Heights" at the traffic lights ). Seriously, the almost totally insignificant sentence makes Ernest Hemingway read like Henry James. The film also reflects some of the familiar themes of Faulkner, with an almost unnatural close relationship between brother and sister (as it occurs in his "sanctuary" and elsewhere). When Young suggests to Crawford, in the presence of Tone, instead of the wedding rings, all three will exchange their engraved rings for each other. The proximity of Tone and Young is also noticeable, especially when they embark on their Thelma & Louise fate. Honestly, it's scary. However, as a haunted New Yorker, as the recurring theme of a massive cockroach, Wellington, Crawford gleefully glimpses (and which is shown scratching his hands - I had to turn away!) And Young turns into a gladiator. Blech. <br /> <br /> This is said, there are some nice performances. Young is particularly engaged in the scene in which he entered Cooper's fighter plane, and Roscoe Karns is as good as Cooper's air friend. Tone, despite its inability to express itself through realistic dialogue, has a nice moment to dare from her tearful tears over her boyfriend's young boy. Crawford, devoid of meaningful dialogue, usually meets either as a wood or melodramatic, which is a fairly balanced act for one role. Combat scenes - it's no wonder that for Howard Hawks - - they are the most interesting part of the whole picture. But not enough. As for me, that's 75 minutes of my life, I'll never go back.
