I am so horrified by this document. I am deeply embarrassed and shy about the way in which the portrayed were portrayed. This document was not about the culture of the Puertoricans. It was a Nuyoricans culture. Puertoricans and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Very different cultures and should not be extended to the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before you make a document, you have to do research. You must also check to make sure your resources are trusted. Puerto Ricans are not all out loud and have a class, which is one thing the document should not show. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on View and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was very excited to be watching. I even let my parents know because they love Puerto Rico so much. After the first five minutes, I could not believe how the documentary made the US and made Puerto Ricans look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You have to go to Puerto Rico to see that Puerto Rico is not the third country of the world where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has colleges and famous universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, shopping centers, the biggest Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen, restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton etc), Casinos, Agriculture, Auto Expresso restaurant, just to name a few. Poverty? NO 50% of the population is. Puerto Rican culture is dedicated to family, music, food, celebrates and tries to move forward not back. Oh, and the cousins ​​are not just jumping. No, it's not a Puerto Rican thing, that's a thing of the ghetto. We are not bastards. Parents of Puerto Rican origin, who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico, should invest in traveling with their family to see firsthand what is in Puerto Rico. He will see his beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this document because it will only cloud their minds with negativity. And please do not tell your American friends to look at this document because it just makes Puertorican people look ignorant. Yes, I was born and raised PUERTO RICAN from the island. Just to know!
