You have to respect this film. It can be "just a stupid childhood movie," but it's the most wanted movie title in online movie forums that people who remember the story want, but can not remember the title. That's why it's a very detailed land description because I was not able to find such a description anywhere else on the Internet. A typical two-storey house is displayed in the suburbs. Seven-year-old Bridget talks about suspicion of something happening because she and her 11-year-old brother Andrew receive gifts from their parents for no apparent reason. Bridget's present is a stuffed penguin that immediately names Sweet William. Bridget describes her relatives: Aunt Ruthu, a chef who cares for her grandmother, Grams' grumpy grandmother who makes socks, and her brother Andrew, who is in the electronics and is dull. Grammy coincides with the Lieutenant-Governor, which suggests he is in the way of living with his family. Two children eat breakfast, while adults discuss the movement of grams to homes for retirement. Bridget makes a terrible looking pancake sandwich containing cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup as Andrew looks incredulous. Both children then discuss grams, and Andrew says Grams is "grazed". Bridget talks to Grams in the attic, plays a game party with Sweet William in her bedroom, and then a live doll appears in her bedchamber mirror. Bridget and the living doll get to know each other. The mantis woman-loving doll is called Huggins and lives in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins is hiding under a laundrette when Bridget's mother comes in, and then his mother throws the laundry in a washing machine with Huggins. Bridget rescues Huggins and sucks her hair dryer. They are discussing the problem that Gramy has grown old and had to move. Huggins says Bridget could talk to Huggaland because he knows everything. They go through the mirror to visit Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes will be in the mirror. Rather than walk with one shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. Immediately they meet Hugsy, a curly doll in Huggalanda. Huggins gives Hugsy a baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker, and all the dolls sing the song while sitting on the bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins to the grove to see a bookmaker who lives on the top of huge books. Bookworm consults the "old encyclopedia" and discovers that the old age can be cured by giving her the "young tree" fruit. However, there is only one such tree, and it is in the country where the bush is located and the queen queen of the queen. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to jump into a deep hole that is inside a nearby giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the two dolls trembled three times, jumping into the hole and slipping away. Soon they walk through the sidewalk, hear the sea of ​​broken glass and fall off the sidewalk when the lateral gravity ends. They meet a "hairy behemoth" that looks like a mastodon, has four tusks and exhale its trunk. But Hugsy moves courageously and embraces the behemoth, which turns into a baby elephant whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under the queen's spell and owes Hugsy for a favor, so everyone goes to Hodgepodge Castle. They enter the castle, they are surrounded by trolls, Queen (Queen Admira) comes in, and Bridget asks several young men. The queen rejects her, then one for herself, and she behaves in her youthful, good looks looking at the hand mirror. Hodgepodge disappears when the queen says he should have "spent". The Queen is upset when Bridget mentioned that bad witches should have warts, so the queen freezes Bridget and orders the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen will leave the key to the house of the young trees at the castle to the dome. Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "noodle" (trunk) to pull the prison door down, freeing himself and two dolls with him. They find Bridget standing on the boobs, dolls hugging her, which will cause Bridget to be revived. Before they run away, Bridget finds the keychain to the left behind the house of the young trees, raises the dome and picks up some glowing youth and puts them in the glass. The Queen caught them, but the Queen had a hand trapped under the falling dome, reaching the key that Bridget had left on the ground. The Queen suddenly gets very old because she is rid of young gifts and seems to be dying. Soon Bridget returns to the bedroom in the mirror, but sets off on the bottom of the mirror, spreads the berries on the floor, and the berries quickly dissolve into the smoke, one by one. Her mother calls her and Andrew to say goodbye to Grams, who goes to the retirement home. Andrew dropped his usual, clumsy, unimaginable facade and hugged Grams, telling her that he loved her and that she did not want to leave. Their father moved and decided that Grams would eventually stay there and all hug and cry, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person who pushed Grams to move. Andrew asks Bridget for St. The Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how it gave it to Huggins of Huggaland, but Andrew does not want to listen to what they think are her fantasy stories, so she turns and looks for her in her bedroom. One of the dolls secretly puts his cap back through the mirror to Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is thoughtful and leaves his room without saying anything. Bridget cheerfully behind the mirror.
