I had hope to hear that it was done in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a child and I considered it very interesting. They've made some changes in the story that make no sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a famous lawyer from New Hampshire in the story. In the film he is an editor. The lawyer has more sense because he represents Jabez Stone against the devil himself (he was a man in the story, but a woman in the movie) in a process where both of their souls are on the turn. As an editor, it seems unlikely that Daniel Webster will have this skill. </ P> <p style = "text-align: left;"> <p> <br /> <br /> The acting was decent by all except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors I like, just doing a terrible job in this movie. It was like they thought she was acting in comedy, but the film was more serious than comedy. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a certain vision in the mind and then reprocessed by someone else. Given this, it is surprising that it was totally coherent. I was surprised to find a lot of SNL cast members in the film, which leads me to believe that it was originally shot with the intention of being more comedies. I have to say that it was not really terrible, but it was not very good. If I could get an hour and a half back and do something different with that, I would. The end was especially disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the process. Jabez then begins again at the beginning of the movie ... we literally went back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie suddenly ends. In fact, it seemed as if they had just played the first Jabes scene and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez benefits from any knowledge or experience he has gained, so who says he has not only repeated his mistakes again and perhaps again and again in an endless loop? It was an extremely disappointing end and did not make much sense. The decent casting and acting of all but Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only thing that prevents it from being a complete and complete stupid sandwich.
