I have it on DVD 10 pack of COURSE OF COURSE. You have to love those good packages. Even if they do not contain true remastering, restoration and everything that hoo-ha, and movies are generally in the full-frame pan and scan format, there is no denying that there are always just some gems. And "gems," I think there's always good bullshit, especially if movies from the 1970s are a madness lock. My copy is called Mansion of Madness, but when the screens say it's Poe's Dr. Tarr's Torture Dungeon. It does not really matter, really, because bullshit is bullshit, right? Yes! But to say that this film is completely worthless, it is not at all true. Some funky elements here and there, and of course, that flick has a decent budget. The successful title sequence is cool with the color negative transition to the left TV appearance. Dialogue is always cheerful. Shortly after the movie begins, the horse and buggy drivers get to move the dead tree stump in the middle of the road. "What strength!" says our hero. It would be pointless, however, that this guy should not be able to prevent crazy woodcutters later when they come to wonder about him. You will completely forget that this guy was in the movie until it ends again at the end. These are the unforgettable characters. <br /> <br /> But the best part about the Mansion of Madness must be the crazy music and the swing that must suffer good guys. It's like bad cartoon music that three years old would be nice. And why all strange? I would say my amazing moment must be when a horse and a stroller are harassed by forest jerks when they pull a silly-looking home spirit with a wand in the middle of the road and stop the cart. What the hell? Yeah yeah, there's a lot of bobs to be seen for those of you who are kicking things like that. Boobies, bad dialogue and crazy music. The best amounts of Mansion of Madness for me. It's worth a lot of viewing and it can be a lot better if you had a couple to drink or not. I can not say that I was sometimes bored, but I can not deny it is also a barrel. Somehow like the Magical Mystery Tour, but with land, but not. Hmm. <br /> <br /> And Mr. Chicken PWNZ.
