After the lively, if predictable opening of the bank-heist scene, "Set It Off" drops straight into the trough and continues to fall. This is a film that deals with unfortunate stereotypes instead of characters, absurd manipulations instead of continuous rendering, and dirty cocktail of straw sentimentality and gratuitous violence instead of thinking, joke or feeling. In short, it's nothing but 90% of the Hollywood product. But it's the racial angle that makes "Set It Off" a particularly stunning example of contemporary film. It is the celebration of "sistahood," the film is in fact a celebration of the most virulent forms of abuse of the Afican-American "gangsta" stereotype. This time, this trick is that the gangs are wearing resistance. The film not only suggests that gangsterism is a standard identity for all African-Americans attached to money, or the feeling of having a little throw-away, it represents its shame as shallow materialists who make money and coward over everyone else. Even worse, Set It Off uses the theme of racial discrimination and disadvantages it simply as a means of supporting its weak land structure. Serious social issues related to race are carried out in a random and opportunistic way to justify armed robbery and then discarded once the film has to inevitably lead to a conventional end in which the crime is punished, the LAPD turns out to be a lot of caregivers, guilty liberals (they say Rodney King) and the aspirational "good" sister, Jada Pinkett Smith, follows the path of ascending mobility from the hood and into the world of middle classes of self-responsibility, opened for her by her girlfriend bank-manager. "Set It Off" shows an abnormal state of the current blaxploitation film he seized himself on the soulless gangsta stereotypes and pretended to celebrate life in his hood while contemplating him all the while While, like Shaft and Superfly in the 1970s, they could sell stereotypes and exchange well-worn land, freshness, and the innocence that slames "Set It Off" should not be interested unless it was a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoisation of African-American films from promising breakthrough days of the early nineties.
