We all knew that even before being broadcast, the minor series Ron Moore are not Battlestar Galactica. It's alright. It simply means that it must stand alone. Can not rely on Battlestar Galactica. If that's good, it's good on his own merits, and Ron Moore has something he'd be proud of. If the news is true, Moore wanted it. However, if his mini-series shakes, he muttered all the excellent actors who played on the screen, not to mention the countless off-screen workers. And that's what he did. Yes, this mini-series is no remake. I would not even say she imagined it again. It's a new production inspired by Battlestar Galactica. There is no Galactica in the universe with the same places and jargon and technology. He does not say that Galactica is looking for the thirteenth tribe. Nor is it based on legends and mysteries that supported Galactica. Ron Moore's mini-series is a space opera, action flick with a ceremonial nod to the Battlestar Galactica. Maybe I should say "just another" space opera, action movie. Because it's like land, it has little that's original or even interesting. I could give you the whole thing without warning of the spoiler. But I will not do it to you. I'll just hit the most important point. Prepared? Here is: Just follow the trailer. It tells you everything that's happening in the story. <br /> <br /> Yes, the creations of man turn to man and try to destroy man. (I think they have forgotten Azimov's rules again.) They look like people, so there's the whole thing among the strangers - among us. At least there is no time-travel. Oh, and lots of fighting scenes and random acts of sex and violence. The end result was that when Moore drew Galactic, this ceremonial nod, he came out more than awe. I mean, he could not even think of something his own? From the first few minutes I wanted to look at something else. It did not matter to any of Moor's characters because I could not identify with any of them. This fact hit my face when the Cylons started their attack. Armageddon on a planetary scale, and I did not. How depressing. <br /> <br /> Moore's heroes, as they struggled with an insurmountable obstacle, instead of overcoming them, rather tucked their tail and rescuing their own asses. After all, it was the only way to save mankind, yadda yadda yadda. They took a safe way to risk their own lives to defend others. At least disgust is not apathy. But eventually, the minor series Ron Moore was just an activity without intent, a movie on a treadmill, running forever, but nowhere. And I wanted it to end. And at the time it was over, my life force was sucked out. Against my own will, I turned into a soulless, soulless zombie, probably in the type to which this mini-series could appeal. I needed to be fulfilled. I needed - and I swear it's true - I had to watch the episode of Babylon 5. Two episodes in fact and I felt much better. And more satisfied.
