Rating: 4 out of 10 <br /> <br /> When this mini-series approached and we knew it well over the past six months as Sci-Fi Channel continued to show up with BG ads, I admit that When I he learned more, I felt constant concern. As with any work with film art that went on a test of time, other people go to see something else. In this respect, when people think about Battlestar Galactica they remember different things. For some, they are chilly warriors with oscillating red light in their visor. For others it is a hobby they had for special effects that were relatively evolutionary for their time. Many forget about the state of special effects in the late 1970s, especially on television. Some memories will be resolved around the story of the arc. Others still remember the relationships in which they helped themselves to overcome the challenges they faced. Frankly, I come from the second group. At the core of the Battlestar Galactica were people who went together to save themselves from the evil empire. Yes, evil. The Cylons had nothing to gain, but the extermination of the human race, they did. While star stars floated, men and women met to face the enemy with virtually unlimited resources and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not survive because they had better technology or greater firepower. They survived because they took care of them and trusted to get to the next show. The exhibition was flawed and occasionally scary, but it was people you could take care of. </ strong> <br /> It seems that the writers of this current rendition never understood this. In some respects, he took the least significant part of the original performance, the character's name, and took the arc to the story and created what they called nothing but the reinvention of television science fiction. Because it was their goal, they can be judged according to how well they did it: failure. It was far from reinvention. In fact, it was in many ways one of the most prolific sci-fi efforts for a long time. He chooses from ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5 and even Battlefield Earth. Ronald D. Moore has been contributing to popular science fiction for over a decade and has contributed to some of the most popular television sci-fi you could hope to see. . One of the difficulties that appeared to be was the fact that there was no conflict in the Enterprise D & E bridge crew. That was the untouchable rule of Roddenberry ST: TNG. Like many who lived under the rules of others who then took every opportunity to break the rules when they are no longer under this authority, it seems that Ron Moore has forgotten some lessons he learned under a recognized sci-fi champion : Gene Roddenberry. Here, instead of writing the best story, he created a dysfunctional cast, as I've ever seen, with the intention of creating the most conflict-filled conflicts. Besides not being dysfunctional, some of them were not even believable. Anyone who has ever been in the army knows that someone who does not provoke the blow of a senior officer should not only get a few days in a hacker they could get executed and they would never get to the next day. This would not have happened, especially during the war. The thing I remembered most of Ron Moore's older work was that the one who wrote the death of Captain James Kirk. He killed Captain Kirk and, unfortunately, killed for me the Battlestar Galactica.
