Yesterday I saw the second part. And I have to say it was better than the first one. At first I realized that it was actually a sequel, not a remake, but not a good one. I do not like the old movies and the Galactica series, because the cylons saw it as a howitzer (just as it was mentioned in this new film) and were completely harmless to old galactics. This film is turning away - People were harmless, but the whole film was totally messy and stupid for me. Many scenes were useless, for example, the story of a "computer expert" - completely bullshit. If I was a screenwriter, I'd have him die in his house, killed by Cylon's wife. And evacuation from the planet? Oh, please, if it would be bombarded by 50 nuclear megatons (why exactly 50 MT?), They would be killed by radiation. And how is it possible that the large Cylon fleet was completely hidden from the attack? Oh, maybe it was a computer virus created by a cylon - the script was probably written by a ten-year-old schoolboy. The good part of the film is that people are finally defeated! Really defeated, the population is almost extinct (the children are dying - twice explicitly in the movie: 1. child, perhaps a month old and a girl aged at most ten years - it's violence ...). And the bad donkey won and I think it's the first time in such a science fiction galaxy. I also appreciate the design of cylons (not only humanoid cylinder :-) good work with these boats - I like the design of both boats - human cylons. Human ships are never good old versions. And galactica - really nice with these docks, I liked it. But that's all, just the design is not enough. The game was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things a non-human cylon on ragnardocks and lid-cylon at the end). Dialogues were trivial (and in Slovak, it's just stupid, but that's not a film defect). The whole movie looked like a pilot film for the series, but who would make such a series? What will it be? One star for the design of another for the near extinction of mankind.
