This movie is a mess, but at least it is not difficult. Video art for video features it as a "fun coup" in the huge bugs of the 1950s. In fact, it is a transparent bargaining basement of "Aliens". Producers apparently wanted to create an "Alien" image, but they did not have much money. In fact, it does not seem to have any money. I hope everyone has been paid to work on this. The base plot is preserved - a group of people isolated from a murderous insect - and for budget reasons a place on the ground is presumed, I suppose. Instead of placing a movie in a universe where no one can hear you screaming, it sets a movie in a hospital where everyone can see that your budget is empty. The fun thing about "blue monkey" (and there is only one thing that is fun) is that the creators do not leave the aesthetics "ALIEN". Although we are in the hospital, we still have an unlikely cavernous attachment, where sci-fi experiments are taking place, in this case the respectable fence of the growth hormone. The annex also doubles as a boiler room (or something like that), so we can have an explanation that the monster is looking for heat. The boiler room is so large that it is overlaid with multi-level steel bridges that are perfect for slopes to fall between the mud. The idea is that a man working in the greenhouse is attacked by a falling flower of a rare imported plant that grows in an exotic locality. He touches him and says "Ow," so we know he was hurt. Fingering on the fingers causes it to become unconscious in a few minutes, and in the hospital it gives birth to the white worm through the mouth (I think the "ALIEN" picture might be called "mouthbrush"?). The worm is isolated, but some disobedient little children (leukemic patients) get to it and "chance" give them some experimental growth hormone. You know everyone is in trouble when some of the junk staff of the hospital staff are attacked by a camera on the crane, and soon the handyman will find some mandatory cocoons just before he grabs a few half-convincing insect shoulders. The rest of the film is dominated by the half-empty monster, which is partly dark. <br /> <br /> Who brings us back to "ALIEN". How do you ask, can a movie stored in the hospital contain all flashing flash lights that are always in "ALIEN" movies? No problem ... a power failure (or something like that) causes the electrical system to take off, which is likely to cause lightning blossoms to blink in every room of the hospital, and they are constantly blinking all over the film. This doubles as a suitable cloak for less effective effects (although mistakes look pretty elegant, do not move too well, and the child's bug looks beautiful as a Cootie toy). <br /> <br /> OK, so what about the "ALIEN" basics we did not cover ... oh, water band on the walls! Check ... to divide the massive hospital into two parts, then send some of the characters through the humid, loamy cellars to get to the other side. Problem solved, now we have the opportunity to many shots with a "pre-trial tunnel". And do not forget the fog ... well, in horror movies you really do not need justification, are you? Okay, maybe inside the hospital that you do, so we'll make smoke by sparking a lot of things and burning. I did not say anything about a negligible deal, not that players would get any sort of script to follow. I think "Blue Monkey" should be carefree and entertaining, and if so, then it's a nice test, but the pieces do not meet and the film ends with a real drag. Take a look at the movie "Return of Aliens: A Deadly Planet" if you want to see a movie of this type that does it right, even less money and even more fictional talent. This one falls to your alliance.
