McCabe and Mrs. Miller are held in the Pacific Northwest. A barbarian, full of cigarette smoke and great ideas to build the right lounge / barber for the city, full of trio of saddiest girls in the history of the film, appears in the wet, muddy mining camp John McCabe (hairy Warren Beatty). He also comes with an unnamed reputation as a gunman: too shameful to promote it uncontrollably, but he was not afraid to use it to enforce an alpha-male mandate for the locals. And so the boys try to build their salon at a rate of 15 cents per hour. Looks like he's a little sorry until Mrs. Miller (Julie Christie) does not appear on the surprising shortcut, which is a half-rail car, a half-car (where Altman found the thing?). Mrs. Miller immediately takes over McCabe as a business partner to find a new joint with the right girls and an emphasis on buying all the visitors before the entrance. Because McCabe does not know how to add, he also insists on dealing with the accounts. It is not clear what McCabe will be. The plot solidifies when a few greedy representatives from the mining company appear in the city and offers McCabe to buy it for five thousand. McCabe tells them to stop - he's holding fifteen thousand. The company considers the negotiations to be uncomfortable, and they have hired a trio of assassins to kill McCabe. . . even though they think they can get away with murdering a person in bright daylight in the city center is as obscure as the McCabe function in a partnership. (You remind me that this horrible hole, because the locals will be too tied, will not cut mustard if you think a reward - the money offered by the local marshal will be quite tempting.) <br /> <br /> McCabe and Mrs. Miller , allegedly "classic seventy cinemas", should be much better than it is. The film tells a fairly good story; the main characters have the potential to be interesting. There are some breathtaking scenes, especially one includes what looks like a 14-year-old killer-killer. But it's really hard to enjoy a movie when you barely hear what someone says, and when you barely see what someone is doing. This director again takes his own film with utter drunkenness and disobedience. According to the trivia-sheet on IMDb, the editor of the film switched to Altman that the sound was muddy; Altman disagreed; and when everyone said the sound was mud after the release of the film, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the film has a scary look. Only Robert Altman can hire world class DPs like Vilmos Zsigmond and shoot a movie that looks like they were spraying camera lenses with dirty water. Reviewers who praise the "dark brown glow" of this picture are doing it to me. Interiors are shot through what appears to be a dark stain. Exterior photography is even worse: it's as if Altman has placed 500 deep machines behind large trees. In the climatic section, when Beatty retreats to the attackers, while the local church is a fire, Altman insists he completely conceals the view of the animated snow that resembles one of the Rankin-Bass Christmas specials. <br /> <br /> Look - I can not watch the movie under these conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to place a boom of mikes when you remove all the unpleasant Altman-esque overlapping dialog box and when you wipe the lenses with some Windex or something. 3 Stars from 10.
