How they got Al Pacino to play in this movie is behind me. This movie is absolutely terrible. After reading some other reviews, I found that a few people really enjoyed this film, which I guessed deeply because I do not see how anyone in their right mind could have the film as awesome as the revolution. It's not just that it's a bad film, with a lame conspiracy and a peculiarity that is extremely uncomfortable, but it seems as if the filmmakers are mentally retarded (which is a very possible explanation why this film is upset like him, Probably is still absorbed compared to other retarded films) or deliberately made every illogical decision to get the film as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running around with a huge, thick nasty mole in his face. Normally, he does not have a mole. The motive does not add to its character. It is very ugly and disturbing. It's not like the Robert De Niro ring; it's much worse. Why the hell got that mole? It's as if the filmmakers were just saying, "Let's see how we can make this movie even worse than it is, I know, I'll give Sutherland a huge, ugly ass directly on his face." <br /> Another example of the foolishness of filmmakers is the character Ned. We see, for the first three quarters of the film, the young Ned. At one point, "six months later" appears on the screen. We do not see it again, and of course it's the same actor playing a guy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appears on the screen and suddenly we have another actor who plays as an older Ned. What do we think we are idiots? Good God! Again, it's as if the filmmakers were saying, "How could we get worse? I do not think we could ... Wait, I had a terrible idea!" I know that the boy does not grow much in half a year, which is fine, but at least he grows more than in three weeks. Just do not let another player play Ned or at least let him play for five minutes when he is three weeks younger. The child who plays the "older" Ned does not look older than the "young" Ned. In fact, he looks completely different, much leaner, and is neither older nor older than the original actor, which is very confusing because, like myself, just like any rational human being, I first thought it was a new and different character. What was the first boy to make a movie? Because he was in that first hour and a half and then suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels played Ned for the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor died, the filmmakers should have at least at least an actor who seems to play the remaining role and shoot again five minutes after the scenes "six months later". Even better is to completely discard the movie, never finish it and never get rid of it, never tell anyone about it, because they should realize that their film is upset and finish losing more money and time and succeeding in doing one from the worst movies of all time. I'm not saying this movie is so bad you should not watch it; it's so bad you should watch it just to see how much it's upset. It's terrible, terrible.
