A brilliant actor, as he is, Al Pacino completely derails the revolution? his methodical approach is totally inappropriate for the role of an illiterate shepherd captured in the American War of Independence. Most of the blame should be attributed to director Hugh Hudson (yes, the man who had been making firefighters for a few years talking about coming!). One of the director's many work tasks is to marshal actors who bring them credible performances, but in this case Hudson allowed Pacino to run amok without asking for some restraint. It's not just a poor performance Al's career, which prevents the film though: there are many other mistakes with the revolution, more to be said later. Illiterate trapper Tom Dobb (Al Pacino) lives in the north - eastern part of America with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). He leads a simple life? living from the ground, lifting his son, surviving against the elements. The country is dominated by the English colonists, but during the eight-year period (1775-83) there is a revolution that ends with the British defeating an independent US nation. Dobb is captured in the events when his ship and his son occupied the Continental Army? averted by events that barely understand, Dobbs finds himself in the struggle for his life and freedom in one bloody intervention after another. Tom also falls in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery woman of British aristocratic origin. Their forbidden love takes place against the larger historical context of struggles. Where do we start with film deficiencies? Most key actors are miscast? Pacino has been criticized enough, but Kinski is a bit like a renegade aristocrat, while Donald Sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless English soldier with a Yorkshire accent. The Robert Dillon scenario is confidently trying to bring massive historical events to personal level. At no time does anyone seem to decide whether it is an intimate study of the nature of the American Revolution as a background, or an epic war movie with a handful of sharp cartoon characters who use the story to do it. As a result, the narrative falls into the land of no man, without distinction and insignificance going from "great spectacle" to "small stories". John Coriglian's score is quite spooky and is driven into driving without thinking or subtlety. Hugh Hudson's direction is clumsy all the time, both in his bad lead by Pacino and other key actors, and in deciding to use irritatingly awesome camera work during action sequences. The idea of ​​a handheld camera is to create immediacy? this feeling of being "there" in the confusion of battle and musket fire. Like many other things in the movie, it does not work. The only department where the film gains true esteem is season details, costumes, kits, and weapons that still look exactly. But when it comes to the periods of detail that you are interested in, a trip to the museum would be a better way to spend time because it does not even start as the exciting film experience of the Revolution. Nothing more than a £ 18m mega-bomb that the willing British film industry could not afford in the mid-eighties.
