What a great word to "re-imagine". Is not that what they call Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A clever word indeed - it masks the term that each of us has come to hate, "remake" it and it's almost as if the process of creating was creative and involved in fantasy. Well, damn it, I was introduced. At least, I was more persuaded by the idea of ​​countless gore and unbridled violence than the idea of ​​"re-imagining", although it played a role. Still, why make a remake? Directors do it for just a few reasons: update a movie for a modern audience or because they personally love the original and want to remember it. A tribute if you want to. However, everything in general (admitting exceptions) comes to one thing: stealing someone's idea and transforming it (or "re-imagining") so that those who would never see or understand it would pay the money to see it. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' notes; drain everything into the blender, clean everything that is more mysterious and curious and throw in some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing plan. <br /> <br /> So what happens to this? Well, I'll start what I like. I liked the introductory scenes. Thanks to CGI and a larger budget, we could really understand the chaos of the zombie holocaust. Romero tried to communicate in the original using minimalist means. We see the city in ruins, thousands of zombies: chaos and death. Two words that look beautiful on the screen. Then it all falls apart. <br /> <br /> This arrangement is not going anywhere. The movie does what almost every remake does. Adds more of everything except character, atmosphere and story. It is louder (in a sense) bloodier and more full of the main characters who seem only dying in meaningless subplots. Settings, a shopping mall that played a major role in the story and the theme of the original film, is purely random. The idea that Romer's film has given is the pure ecstatic pleasure that you have a "shopping center for me". Furthermore, this "reconstruction" does not have a mox, no spirit, no spheres. He supposes (probably quite rightly) that the audience does not care and does not bother us to be interested in characters or a story. The film is submerged and loses the quieter interaction of four characters from the original. They actually cared for those people in Romer's version, because there was a certain realism of their existence despite madness outside the shopping mall. You do not care when or what it is: what matters is how they go. What else to say? The film is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and tries to make the rest with gore and loud special effects. The story is really too explosive to watch them, and conflicts between characters are too undeveloped to save them. Humor is also reduced to several disposable lines (and one really good character: Andy). After what's left? The end, which is obviously ridiculous and far less than the dull, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But even though it's a pretty bad movie (though not as bad as any other remake), it should be remembered for one thing: it kicks Passion of Christ from his first seat in the box office. Well-done zombies.
