This film is purely "Hollywood hokum". Is it based on a novel called "Not Too Narrow?" It's Not Too Deep "by Richard Sale, which may or may not be interesting, it would need research to find out! The film's story sees a lot of incidents and a lot of backgrounds that apparently existed in the novel, but they are not visible anymore in the movie, so either the movie was sharply cut, or the script was a mess from the beginning There's not even one millisecond in this movie that's remotely realistic both in terms of events and characters It's pure Hollywood fantasy in every respect Two well-known actors , Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so underestimated and unnecessary that it makes no sense to have any sense in the movie, and they have to be blended in the way we add omelette chips, and we hope the flavor will be improved. "The story of morality," and it's so furious that it's ridiculous. The story is about some hard-pressed criminals jailed in the French Guyana who want to escape from the French colonial jail through the jungle (very jungle in Hollywood with a rubber snake). Of course, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford picks her up like a tramp who for some reason becomes irresistible to Clark Gable, one of the escaped criminals. Crawford, who escapes the jungle, wears high heeled shoes and keeps the makeup fresh. Slim flirting and grimacing and making mawkish expressions, through his eyebrows as his wont, strangled and looking suggestively on all that was his way of dealing. It's hard to treat such a character as a hardened criminal when he always tries to be so difficult for Clark Gable to have no time to remain a thief. (Observers are by definition too busy to steal and do not fit the tasks they require people not to see.) The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can be considered a light entertainment. An attempt at religiosity and "depth" is done by putting a mysterious "angel of mercy" into the story, who volunteers in prison and pretends to be a conqueror. Helps escape and accompanies all criminals and ministers to their various deaths, helping them find "peace" in their last bout. This character plays very well, Ian Hunter, who maintains over the convincing air of secret knowledge, smiles enigmatically, makes mysterious prophetic notes, and has a small school trained on his face to give him heavenly glow. The theme is to be redemption. You can call Donald Duck's "Hollywood Goes Moral and Gets Heavy". In real depth, Hitchcock's "admit" of 1953 shows how to really do it. On the other hand, this piece of trivial nonsense shows how empty the boxes of meaning are in Tinsel Town, and that when they went for something that could mean something, everything that could come was, you guessed it, more tiny.
