Author of many novels, plays and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered one of the world's greatest authors during his lifetime. Although his reputation vanishes over the years, his work continues to attach critical respect and great readership. Released in 1944, RAZOR'S EDGE is the story of veterans of the First World War, whose search for spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of shallow Western values. It was the last important novel, Maughama - and it was immensely popular. Given that romance conflicts are internalized by spiritual and philosophical questions, it was also an extremely weird choice for the film version - but Fox's 20th-century Darryl F. Zannuck fell in love with the book and shortly after publishing screamed rights to the screen. <br /> <br /> According to film tradition, RAZOR'S EDGE should be directed by legendary George Cukor from Maughama's script - and Maugham seems to have written an adaptation. When the film came into production, however, Sugar was replaced by Edmund Goulding, less known artist than a laborer, and Maugham's script was replaced by one Lamar Trotti, the author of such unforgettable scenes as THE OXBOW INCIDENT. Tyrone's power, recently returned from military service during the Second World War, was occupied as a spiritually conflicting Larry Darrell; Gene Tierney, one of the great beauties of her time, was occupied as Socialist Isabell Bradley. The supporting cast was particularly remarkable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson, and Elsa Lanchester. The budget and filming plan were rich, and when he debuted in 1946, he was admired by both the public and the critics. But time has a way to put things into perspective. Seen today, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a truly beautifully crafted film - but the perfect perfect one can be said to achieve a relatively consistent average. As in most cases, the main problem is the script. Though it is basically close to Maugham's novel in terms of conspiracy, it is far out of character in terms of character, and is totally incapable of capturing the basic issues that govern the story. They told us that Larry was looking for enlightenment; we say he accepts it; we are told that he is acting on it - but in spite of the occasional and mostly superficial commentary, we have never said anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical and intellectual practices of any of them. Most of us never said anything significant about the nature of the enlightenment itself. This has the effect of interrupting the story on your knees. We have a Maugham conspiracy that focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabelle, the woman Larry loves but leaves behind the growing ideological riff that opens between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more aware of physical beauty than talent, but both were in good shape when they got solid overhead and script support. Unfortunately, it will not happen here; they are extremely unambiguous and Power is a very miscast boot. Fortunately, the cast is quite good, especially Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson; but then known actress Anne Baxter did not wear as much as she could have hoped for. During the time of just two and a half hours, the film also feels unnecessary for a long time. There is a seemingly endless cocktail party, and the whole Indian sequence (which sounds like a little cheerful) would be better cut out - a special situation, because this is the same sequence that is intended as the basis of the whole movie. Regardless of the particular scene, it seems that everything goes on and on without being a real point. As for the DVD itself, the movie was not remastered, but the print is extremely good and the bonus package is not particularly memorable or noticeably bad. When everything is said and done, I give RAZOR'S EDGE four stars for production values ​​and every willingness to take the material - but frankly, this movie has best left the Power and Tierney fans who enjoy it for the stars, and those whose ideas of spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the film itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazonian reviewer
