What if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about coal mining, which decided to seek transcendental enlightenment by trying to enter the country club? If she had, she might call her Razor because Katha-Upanishad tells us: "The sharp edge of the razor is difficult, so the wise say that the way to Spas is difficult." But Maugham chose to keep a well-educated class, and so we have Larry Darrello's version of Darryl F. Zanucki, she recently returned from the WWI, carefully dressed, well-connected in the company, and determined to find herself becoming a mink. Or, as Maugham says, "This is the young man I'm writing about, not famous." Maybe when his life is finally over, he will not leave a trace of his residence on this earth before the stone cast into the river leaves on the surface of the water. Yet it is possible that the way of life he chooses may have an ever greater impact on his loved ones, so long after his death, perhaps we realize that at this age, a very remarkable creature lived. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Razor Edge has all the Zanuck's cultural taste to buy money, on merchant ships, passes through the Himalayan Mountain to learn from the old wise, we have his selfish girlfriend Isabel, played by Gene Tierney, his tragic childhood play by Anne Baxter, a snob girlfriend and a perfectly dressed uncle played by Clifton Webb and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, notes The film is so unbearably complacent that the only thing that is a bit dewy is Clifton Webb like Elliot Templeton "If I lived as a hundred, I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without evening wear . "Webb has some good lines, but we finally appreciated Clifton Webb, not Elliot Templeton. Zanuck wanted a prestigious hit for the twentieth century when he bought a a novel for Maughama's novel, Waiting for a year until Tyrone Power is released from military service. He assured that dozens had well-dressed accessories, which sounded like it was for the cathedral and even wrote some scenes. The effort is self-conscious as a fat man who wears a borrowed face. Despite the Hollywood view of Razbářská Edge, I can tell you that hard work for most people does not bring enlightenment, just fatigue and low wages. <br /> <br /> After almost two and a half hours, we last saw Larry wear his bikini bag on a deck of a steamboat in a whirlpool. On her way back to America from Europe she smiles on her face. "My dear," says Somerset Maugham Isabel at the same time in the elaborately decorated salon, "Larry has found what we all want and what few of us have ever gotten in. I do not think anyone could be better and nicer, dear, you know him. You see, my darling of all the best in the world ... and it has it! "Larry and the audience need a dramatic dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, let's not forget, he was a great writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how the movies can do justice, watch some of his short stories get on the screen in Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of losing time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell. The Alexandria Quartet is good to read.
