In the summer of 1979, when this film was the main theme of the new film medium called HBO, Gas Line Summer & Iranian Crisis was launched. The change of mood was supposed to end with low-floor and self-service cars, though "Smokey and the Bandit" maintained the need for rapid movement for several years as a live action roadrunner cartoon. "Corvette Summer" is as strange as an older movie like "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry" if it's lighter and sexier than most. The completed college car genius Kenneth (Hamill) stops to Vegas in a chase with the key ring of a car that has severed the masterpiece Shop Class, the super-custom, right-handed Vette. In the spiritual language of the desert I-15 (see "Fear and contempt in Las Vegas") he gets into a custom van (yes, this was also the ending of van craze, too) terrified as a mobile brothel and powered by the stupid and aspirational swing Vanessa (Potts) , on the way to Sin City to do it, whatever it is that ambitious chaps do. VANesso, will I get it? Shy, innocent Kenneth is overhead in Vegas, with his all-American decision and a new friend to help him, though a young girl with a hard edge is predictably less worldly than she seems. Why in the age of "I am a woman" Vanessa has invested her talents, money and the future into the oldest but least dignified profession in the world, say college or even hairdresser, can be explained by young men who would like women to consider the joy of of this career. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for white asparagus Kenneth (his car does not belong to him personally but to his school), which will not be discouraged from his goal by force, money or even love - until he finds out why the car was really stolen. Potts is in style and energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for any but the most faithful testosterone machine she buys. The criminals are surprisingly human, especially always great Brion James. But there is not much action and it is not a kind of movie that can be carried by a dialogue, conspiracy plot or heavy motifs. You can always get up, turn the TV's dial and plug in the "Pong" console. A similar but average Chris Mitchum "Stingray", which appeared at about the same time, was a lamer action but more skin, speed and chaos. The best features of each movie could be the movie Vette, which is worth remembering. Trans Am stayed there to rule the showroom with the car. Another forgotten car movie brought from the dead in the Lost Drive-in series "Speed ​​Channel's".
