If you encounter teens in the 1970s, like me, you probably remember stories about Studio 54, whether you like disco or not. Exclusive Club, was the perfect symbol of cultural excitement and self-realization of the 1970s. there is even a great VH1 documentary about a club that could tell you everything you wanted to know about its bloom, and stories are easy to get a very stunning movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately this is not the case. 54 watches the lives of several employees, a bartender named Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a bus named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a girl with a coat, Anita (Selma Hayek) and of course the ceremony commander himself, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While what's well represented in the club, this film is more about the personal lives of laborers, which is the story of Shane's closest film. The film works in spurts. Sometimes it perfectly captures the diminutiveness of nightlife culture (for example, when Shane is taken to dinner and does not know who is "Errol Flynt"), and another time it wakes up into a hokey melodrama. Are some of these prerequisites? the subordinates, how they mix in a world rich and wonderful? but much of it is due to baby-gloved treatment, with which club and Rubell are featured throughout the movie. While Rubell certainly electrified the scene in New York with his affection for the show over his head and his exclusive hand picking of the crowds every night, the uncontrolled drugs and sexuality are only briefly touched; and Rubell himself, while his excesses are mentioned, look strangely positive for a man who was a liar, a cheater, a drug abuser, and promised hell. Not that I was looking for the man who was supposed to be a pirate, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and the relaxation of the nightlife culture that helped raise him. The final scene, which she looks at her father's children regularly, is so emotionally fake that it's totally absurd. Meyers is doing the best to capture Rubella, but he can work with him so little that it's surprising that his performance is effective; but it is good and helps to dock the movie. Philippe, whom I consider to be a good actor in general, is tormented by the fluency and stupidity of his character; confined to a winner's smile in a deer or a grumpy, unstoppable cloud, and even unable to translate into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both fine, again, subordinate to writing, and Neve Campbell? prominently featured on the DVD cover? it looks so short that it has a really expanded serial clip. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I'm still interested, even fascinated, by the popular culture of the second half of the seventies. But even though it's not a movie that I was particularly interested in, despite the fact that I like it. I would say that if this time or club had some interest in you, look for a special VH1 rather than a middle-class melodrama.
