On his face, Ruiz decided to make a psychological thriller. Although it is not as satisfying as the classic piece in this genre, there are compensations. The tensions generated between Huppert and Balibar as women calmly, but computerized in the war over the boy, both of which they claim, are convincing; however, in the real European style of art, Ruiz does not give us the release of this tension, because women also alternately try to behave with sympathy for each other. The only voice raised is that Huppert wakes up from the nightmare (an irrepressible irrational event in the movie). In fact, if we follow the title, the film is little about his thriller skeleton as Jane Campion is in cut. Instead, this is an intergender psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decides on a practical joke and plays her mother against the emotionally vulnerable to another woman. It seems that both women make up for it rather than try, and it causes a problem. In the background is a fearless psychologist (Charles Berling), a quick confrontation of women in his life - his sister Huppert, a nanny or his pa - and so functioning as a symbolic adult counterbalance to, calm and (learning) manipulative Camille. Of particular interest is that, like Father Henry James' Turn of the Screw, father's lawmaker Denis Podalydes is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz is closing Oidipal Moment from Huppert's return to film. <br /> <br /> Read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this movie is a bit disappointing. I officially came into contact with Mrs. Huppert's screening method, which is too buried, so I will try to see her on stage before I return to her (European - enjoyable heavenly gate). Support is good. Ruiz does it but not. In addition to poor illumination and some deliberately unstoppable shots, as if his direction left the characterization completely out of reach - I think especially of Shaman's neighbor Edith Scobe, who claims to Isabelle who acts with consciousness, but says it is surprising. The assemblies are not associated with forward traffic - the tension I have mentioned is not only weak but unnecessary in directional potential. Want to see a good contemporary French thriller? Go and look at L'Appartement. 4/10
