I completely despise this film. No wonder Jose Larraz "refused" at one point and refused to discuss it. I admire Larraz's work, especially his more obscure slasher / sexual maniacal thrillers like SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM AND DIE. His work has such an inevitable artistic nature that he does not seem to stop, partly thanks to his secondary career as a painter and cartoonist. It's bad that he never became Western, his vision would be perfect. BLACK CANDLES is easily his most famous film and probably his best known for the masterpiece VAMPYRES. And this is a renown that revolves around a scene where the Satan Treaty introduces a bizarre ritual involving the extraction of the goat's reproductive fluid - symbolizing The Beast - as a kind of malignant balm that is used to prepare the boy as the sister of the murdered man for her role as the bride of Satan. The scene in question is arranged in a way that looks somewhat convincing without seeing any engineering device that the goat could be endowed with relying on the actress historiography that was accepted to play a prayer ritual and a lot of guttural singing the recycled musical score of the film heard in half a dozen films attributed to Jacinto Molina. The overturned nature of the scene is more implied than shown in graphical details, somewhat reinforced by the awareness that the said plaintiff is in fact a teenage daughter of a Satanic priest. But they had the fun to prepare this movie. The problem with this is that there is not much deconstruct or contemplation to the paper's thin ROSEMARY'S BABY derived story of a woman who is weaned into her role as Satan's Bride with a sophisticated treaty of Satanists who live in a hedge-shaped exit of a very ominous Britain. Under the leadership of the Eurohorr Helga Line perception, these Satanists are made up of doctors, lawyers, land-owners and other high-ranking church dignitaries who really owe their professional success to worshiping the devil. All you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, just watch out who you can sell to come back to a small personal conflict, or you could end up cracking the sword. <br /> <br /> The film attempts to connect this complete satanic trip with oud or border graphic sex and should be properly considered to be the kind of culmination or culmination of the sexual and horror traditions of spinach which was partly popularized by Mr Molina and Mrs. Line and who had surprisingly flourished under the disapproval of a general František, who dictated Spain until 1976. While he lived in his decree, the Spanish cinema was supposed to be without graphic images of sex on the screen. Spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with a sex hidden for their own screens and one with a laugh on the display for export. As hard as it was for the filmmakers to express themselves, it was the result of some interesting tension that usually arises when artists flirt with the forbidden: the Spanish horror of the 1970s has a very strange taste, a somewhat acquired taste. It's not for everyone. But in the bizarre turn of events, without Franco's influence on their culture, the Spanish horror dried up in the late 1970s, when their Gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly came through compared to new feelings like JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon. And without Franco's mood, a lot of open-ended graphic thrillers suddenly appeared in the late 1970s and early 1980s, out of which the BLACK CANDLES are the strongest, because of the emphasis on sexual deviance with the animal. Larra's main horrors have always turned around sexual taboos (lesbianism VAMPYRES, incest SCREAM AND DIE & DEVIATION), but here is the consequence of corruption to overshadow the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything but a traditionally censored trip to the goat barn, and tracking a cut version without a scene in the barn is almost unnecessary. Sex is not graphic enough to be rated porn and chills are not frosty enough to make it horrible. So BLACK CANDLES is basically a study of behavior - here is how a high society British Satanists can behave in their remote settlements in the West Midlands or anything else. Amongst the actors' scenes, actors and actresses sit and have many debates. The best thing the film has ever experienced is the undoubtedly oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of its activities taking place in the tightly enclosed interiors of Mrs. Linka's estate. Almost every road of fornication suggests that fans of soft-core sexual romps with a hint of supernatural horror will be entertained and, of course, the representatives of sexual criminals among us will enjoy choking their chickens on the goat barn. But the final conclusion of the film is stupid, demanding, offensive, and probably perfect for such otherwise forgotten exercises in applied sleaze. <br /> <br /> 2/10; Without a goat barn, this movie is simply not the same and the scene is probably too much for most viewers. Larraz was right to refuse.
