The note itself, because the film is alien, obscure and stars Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it's good. This is the case for the "Blue Juice" that the British British fan of 1995 told about an unlikely group of surf enthusiasts, who would seem (a silly American) a more unlikely place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. Perhaps you think it has the prerequisites for a fun, awesome little comedy. Only if yes. The film is just over ninety minutes, but it seems to be endless. The easiest way to describe it is like the kind of British version 'Grease' in the 90s without dancing, but it even sounded better than it is. No, the best way to do this is like a small piece of life in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with a surfing instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee, you remember him). Pertwee is in fact the star of the film and his character is something like a surfing legend for a small group of devoted surfists, a necessary oddball group of free spirits who inevitably resides in such films. In this case, he's a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist, a former dj club who wants to be a record producer, and a fat, nerdymýma boy who gets into the stones in the unnecessarily widespread scene and loses all his barriers, of course, that's the best thing ever happened to him. I can not honestly say that everything that's happening in the Blue Juice program is predictable because it's set in place and reflects habits and ways that I'm not too familiar with but it's certainly not surprising or even interesting with characters. The comedy is very predictable and tired. One can feel miles away and almost lecture the dialogue (in American form, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is just as shabby at any moment. He wants to grow up; they want to remain nasty teenagers that have begun to be. They are afraid of losing their face with their gang; she thinks she will take precedence. You get the idea. When I tried to stay focused on "Blue Juice", at the end I felt it was said that it was an hour and a half to never come back.
