About five minutes, and I saw where he was heading. A bunch of high school children are upset by school administration and memories of revolt. I told my girlfriend: if she gets under 5 IMDb, I'm going to read the book. She was 5.0, so she persuaded me to keep track of it. What are the good things? Well, it's good that this movie does not have a story, because you would really tear it off by editing it. It's like a student drawing that was torn by one of the teachers, all the records of this film were cut in an unfortunate accident involving a meat grinder, and left half of the population destroyed, the other half conspired in two seconds of bits. Even in the ten-second scene of local TV reports, there are about six incisions and three different angles. And then there's the assembly. All of them are set to electronic music that warns you about the next installation, so like Pavlov's dog, you can start spinning every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I should have said what's good about this movie. Well, the movie was filmed very well, with a nice color palette that was pretty much in line with the emotional content - as it was - the scenes. Okay, now with the main lack of the movie and it was not a story or a lack. The director has made it a fatal mistake to lead you curiously to people and situations, not a clever narration of stories, but by being highly selective about what the main characters will do. That's just cheating. I think he did this to make the central figure more enjoyable. But it just became unpleasant. If the story is full of holes, it is not right to try to improve it by moving the viewer badly. And often it did not make any sense. And then the end. In essence, the major thief of peace will prove to be fine if he is a coward. In addition, what seemed to be the overall point of the film was that you should stand upright on his head in the wrong direction and make it point to the nature of the revolutions that have already been made and, far better, to the animal farm. He also committed what I call the sin of Bill Cosby: no matter what seems at first glance, adults are always always good and children are always wrong. And say it: if you are not me, it just is not true.
