The coolers start in a cold, dark stormy night, when the bus leaves three buses, a young boy named Mason (Jesse Emery), college professor Dr. Howard Conrow (David Wohl) and a woman named Sharon Phillips (Laurie Pennington). Inside they find that they lacked a bus and were stuck in the night. Two other people, Ronnie (Jim Wolf) and a sleeping woman named Lindsay (Marjorie Fitzsimmons), who has a terrible nightmare at the moment, will find two more people ... When swimming in the indoor pool, Lindsay will meet his mistress Billy Waters (Jesse Johnson) next time Lindsay sees Billy, who swims into the pool and then seems to disappear into the air before he stands up. Shortly after Lindsay finds out that Billy Water died in a diving accident five years ago ... Lindsay wakes up and tells the others about his nightmare, everyone else reacts by having recently suffered disturbing dreams, and decides to sharing them with them to extend their time ... Another of them is Mason, who tells a story about how he and two friends, Scott (David R. Hamm) and Jimmy (Will Tuckwiller), terrified during camping ... <br /> <br /> Then it's Sharon, whose story revolves around a reporter named Tom Williams (Thom Delventhal), who she calls, at no time Tom is at her front door, but he actually turns out to be a vampire. Ronnie is in turn, and he describes how he finds that he can return the dead back to life, unfortunately, he brings the executed mass murderer Nelson Caulder (Bradford Boll) back to murderous life. Conrow tells the story of how two of his students brought an old Aztec god called Ixpe (Kimberly Harbo ur) back to life ... Then he is back at the bus station to the last (predictable) twist. .. <br /> <br /> Written, Produced and Directed by Daniel Boyd Chillers is one of the worst horror anthologies I've ever seen, and I usually like this subgenre. The Boyd Scenario lacks what's needed for movies like Chillers to work, you can see the final twist that comes out for miles and every story is really lame. The first one is totally useless and seems to have no end, and the best thing about these anthologies is short flash stories that end in a pure twist. The second story is predictable and ends again without pay. So it goes on in the Chillers that every story is deeply unhappy to watch and do not have a reward for it. The character and dialogue are badly written, the stories obviously have no original ideas, and as a whole the movie is completely upset. At least every story does not last long, and I really liked the idea of ​​connecting segments. Director Boyd apparently worked with a very low budget and shows it. The only thing I can say is you want to watch a 15 minute story that's completely in the pool, then it's Chillers for you. The stories are not smart, frightening, or have any tension or feel anything. I said it had some nice scenes, and some surprising competence would happen occasionally. Violence and gore of wisdom do not happen in Chillers, the torn heart, the uncapped head, and the dirty hand is as cruel as it gets. Technically Chillers are bad things that will not impress anyone. Basic cinematography, bad music, cheap special effects, and under-production value. The chillers are also equipped with one of the worst closing thematic songs at all. The game is also a very low standard. I'm sure Chiller has been doing a lot of effort like a low-budget movie, and at least movie-makers have tried, so at least I'm doing it, but that still does not allow me to think it's stupid. Similar films from anthology such as Tales From the Crypt (1972), Azyl (1972), Safe in Terror (1973), Dom Heroes Dr. Terora (1965), Creepshow (1982), and Tales From the Darkside: are much better than coolers, so go one of them.
