Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chief chef and owner of the famous California restaurant. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horna (Rosanna Arquette), who is a pregnant and beautiful son for about five years. Sammy really loves his family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde has a double life, sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) is trying to help. OK, it's my fault: I read a summary of other IMDB users' comments, I saw IMDB user ratings, but I really did not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it out and in fact some comments are very satisfied. The story, the script, and the dialogues are so stupid and ridiculous that even in some film films with X there are more intelligent stories. Photography is so amateur and naive that in some parts it seems to be transferred by a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres has no sense of laughter: he is an old man, bald, acceptable in the Viagra ad or grandfather's little boy. But as an attractive person who has sex with a woman is scary. In Wood Allen's comedy maybe he got a chance, but in a "serious" movie it's funny. I'm trying to find out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski have accepted to take part in such a terrible, amateur and garbage movie. I need money? Lack of chances for better movies due to their age? Are they the "director" friends (we apologize for using this word) and have decided to support and support it? I do not know if Rosanna Arquette intended to show her breasts full of silicone, but it is unacceptable for such a great actress to accept such a script. The same goes for the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. She is presented with fat, without make-up, without any spell. Complete lack of respect for one of the most beautiful actresses in cinema history. I really care about: how can a reader, without any personal interest, promote this waste, give higher ratings, or write favorable comments about this movie? Are they friends of the "director" (again, I use this word ...) or cast? It sounds very strange to me that a normal IMDB reader may like such a movie. My voice is two. <br /> <br /> Name (Brazil): 'Viciado Em Sexo' ("Sex Dependent")
