This haunted film B is trying to mask as a study of sexual addiction, but it's really a bad apology for sexploitation film. The story revolves around Sammy Horno (the subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is the owner of the restaurant with the unscrupulous wife of Grace (Rosanna Arquette) and a young child. She has sexual intercourse, and she has to have meaningless sex every five minutes with any woman in her field of view who will agree (and of course, every woman on the planet finds her irresistible even though she looks old enough to collect social security). The story focuses on an interview with his therapist (Nastassja Kinski), describing each of his sexual exploits through flashbacks. It's nothing but a good starting point for a show of serial sex events that spend at least 75% of the time on the screen. It's hard to know where to start criticizing the film so badly. Production values ​​are incredible. The film is filmed with a look somewhere between a television series (at best) and amateur pornography filmed in someone's garage. The direction of Joseph Brutsman is horrible with poor lighting, seamless framing, and a bad actor's direction. The script is defective and the dialogue is homeless and vulgar. Women are generally portrayed as sex-obsessed nymphs just waiting for a addict such as Sammy to come and harshly enjoy them, although they feed their greedy tastes with some impersonal community. As an example, Grace's sister is coming to tell her that he knows he sleeps and tells his wife. His answer is to set her against the wall and start raping her. For about three seconds he has epiphany and is instantly transformed into one of his pupils who begs him to give her more. When it's over, Grace enters and says, "Oh, great, I see you, you have to run to take Timmy, and Mommy is about Sammy indiscretions, loyalty loyalty is sealed with good spoil, no spoiler here because it's typical of the obvious nature of the movie that everybody who saw the first fifteen minutes could have predicted that Sexual Impressions are exaggerated, mechanical, and so poorly simulated that they are comic than erotic Most of them are done with both participants fully dressed The game is furious Michael Des Barres presents a full depth of rain It seems to have gotten into the rage and frenzy of the sexual parts, but as far as the real dealings with Arquette and Kinskim is concerned, Rosanna Arquette is the closest actress in this film that brings tolerable performance and looks really hurt when she finally finds out that her perfect husband is a sinister animal Nastassja Kinsk Therapist is too sympathetic, but at least we have some acting here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of duplicated bodies that give thoughtful lines like 'hit me more, is that the best you can do?' and "Oh, God, yes." This film is one of the worst I've ever seen, a doubtful difference to the thousands of films I've seen, and I gave her an extremely rare shame I rated 1/10. after meals.
