You can not deny that we have a dependence on speed. That's why movies such as Fast and Furious, Dhoom, Rempit are played to the satisfaction of the audience, especially the local ones. We live on a small island and I can not understand why because of the relative efficiency of the mass transport system, most of us want to get into debt by having a set of wheels that arrive 100% on our shores. countless amounts of taxes and bills to pay for traffic. Not only that the top sports cars have once been shrouded by a prominent politician in the north that they never reach the fourth gear to avoid the sea. And these movies are relatively easy. Hot wheels and hot chicks always go well in targeting the desired demographic situation. Once, those who fall into the bumps that uncover strange buxomes and short skirts emphasizing their legs two meters long can not compete with the attention given to the wonderful curves exotic cars have in films like these. Of course, those who deal with the sexist portrayal of women as mere sexual objects (of course, explain why motor shows come with a lot of models and films such as those that can not be done without the model of the foot in the frame) are, of course, among us (and) do not guarantee a kind of collective orgasmic sighs whenever they appear four times on the screen, even when they do nothing and have their gear in the park. The guy who sits beside me, I swear he dips his pants every time his dream car (s) appears, and when he hears the crash of the engine, he starts to cover his trousers even more. That's what we have, fans of boys who appeared in the ravens just to watch which of the newest cool cars are appearing in the movie. With a fast and furious franchise, Japanese models like the Evos and Skylines get the middle scene as well as the GT. Here the Ford GT will take on an incredibly modified façade finish that interests me even on the latest models like the Ferrari Enzos, the Porshe Carerra GT, the Koenigsegg CCX and all the cars that have the door's wings. But seriously, my heart goes to cars every time they are mercilessly destroyed just for fun. I think these are absolutely tasteful, high-performance models that are at the top of motoring, but although the one who financed the film had millions out of blow, they do it because they can <br /> <br /> There is no story of Redline , simply justifies that it brings together a movie full of beauty (the car that is) that can destroy the asphalt in the most probable most difficult way possible and with the usual pedal shots (always an accelerator, you think, tapping the pedal brake equals blasphemy and no respect for you) , steering wheels, shifting shifts (always shifting up and down), all with the actors pretending to be the worst asses with the engine, another dirty look. It's not too high an order for the actors, and that's why we've managed to achieve the most powerful performances at all, with lines that seem to be written by schoolchildren. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, made a statement that the girls can drive) Natasha (a very plastic-looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of those million dollar finds - a girl with a model looks like no sense to get down to four and dipped in oil that has a race pedigree inside her, and she performs with a rock band singing songs with lyrics that are just ridiculous (every line has to do with the cars, and when he sang about love, he just had to throw those innuendos like shifting shafts, lubricants and go for a ride). Established against her wishes for illegal gangsta racing called The Unobtrusive (Eddie Griffin), she is attracted to family puzzles, including Leo DiCaprio-looking Iraq war veteran, and some clumsy handsome uncle. Everything else, like me, just serves as an excuse for a movie that moves from race to race. <br /> <br /> And it's almost always the same because it's very limited to what you can do to increase tension between racing cars, especially when you know the race is manipulated (for storytelling reasons) and can see the resulting race miles away from the finishing line. While Fast and Furious had quite a charismatic actor, and I put my head on the ax by naming Paul Walker, Sun Kang and, of course, the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline had none, just nice faces with lots of air unfortunately. It looks like a television movie in his treatment from the start, with a very insipid introductory sequence where one man, one car and 105 minutes race with time to get to Vegas. If not for cars, then this movie is a serious piece of junk mail, bad action, bad lines and bad actions. Strictly for car fans or for those who love their movies with countless beauty beauties that spit out their bodies without any speakers.
