In this movie there is a scene about 42 minutes, which is among the worst I've ever seen. When Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) appear at the beach, things start to scream and Sheilah starts crying - at that moment she tells her lovers about her hot past. This "dramatic scene" has become so exaggerated and histrionic that I could not help, but she turned to her wife and cried out how stupid it was ... how dramatic music grew on television when everything came to a false rise. NO ONE will experience such moments - no one. And now, how much of the rest of the movie is true, I can not say, but this particular moment was ridiculously bad and fake as $ 8 Rolex - and led me to the assumption that some other reviewers were right - the movie is a bunch of beds. However, I am not an expert on the lives of these two people, and it seems that the Internet also does not make it clear. <br /> <br /> Who were F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what is their relationship really happy about? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems to be different from what I saw in the movie. Was he the decent and decent person we first saw in the film? Since he was married at the same time as Graham and drank like a fish, I suppose it is not. Was he so unpleasant and indignant as we later saw in the movie? Maybe, but if it was bad And yet Mrs. Graham stayed with him then it made her a complete dummy - and not somebody you wanted to see in the movie. And if it was not, then his film behaves badly in his memory. Either way, it caused painful and unpleasant watching experiences. The total sum of this film seems to be a story of two unusually nice or healthy people. Dark and glorious, some might find it all very fun, but most of them surely see it as a wreck of a train without surprises on the way! The unpleasant but glossy values ​​of production (especially music that was beautiful but above the head) raises the question "why did they choose to do this at all?" Bottom Line - It's a pretty bad movie all around and probably not worth your time - though, like me, you're a big fan of Gregory Peck.
