I hate aerial crash movies ... ALL! In fact, I hate all of them with passion! First, they are cheap and do not have carving! Second, they offend the airline and tell the audience that all the aircraft are doing ... CLOSE FROM FURNITURE AND GATE! Why shoot this way? This could happen to some of us and have more harsh consequences than those who missed the characters in the movie ... which is the only cooling aspect of an aviation disaster like this one. I hate this movie because it's like all the movies of chaos about fifty million stupid asss before! Freefall is like everyone else: nothing more than boring before the dramatic cliche scenes take place. <br /> <br /> First, we have the same number of retarders on this flying death: the three-member Cleaver-esquire family, yuppie baastard, and the bitch with a big blond hairstyle from 1987 yelled everyone who is the least frightened! <br /> <br /> My second problem is that it should not be a feature film, but a document that explains everything about Air Glider Airland Glider Air Canada aka "Freefall" directly before the security measures. /> <br /> My third and last shot is with all of the airplanes of this caliber (except for Fearlessu) Why the hell allowed the male steward to the passengers to remove the shoes? (I understand high heels and sharp, loose objects, but you know!) Just like they would make them even safer than they are now! This plane, if they (the passengers) did not know anything better: they knew they were going to the ground. Why would you wound 100 people wounded on a rubber smudge that can cause the skin to peel off and bleed after a crash just when walking on the feet of the trotters? Does it make sense to anyone? <br /> <br /> The fear and hit of the ABC series The Lost had a greater depth and realism in aviation catastrophe than just 'the aircraft failed - people became panic - in the field - people wandering without shoes and jackets etc. The same old crap from the 1975 Freefall airport was so typical of an air crash film I almost expected to see either Charlton Heston or Peter Graves if we did get to know how these bad characters returned to normal instead of the people who were enjoying themselves in the midst of an impending a tragedy that looks in front of them ... Typical stupid life movie, cheap and stupid! Director Freefall should keep cheap films made for television with middle-aged white women with silly teenage children, who do drugs and have marital problems As for the tension ... let the professionals ... you know why we should sit for an hour and a half in the airport wannabe rehash. they would not do such aviation crash movies, but if it was like ABC's "Lost," it would be something you should watch. But this is total stupidity and then some. Stop filming every airplane with a disaster to the 1975 airport! It's not an "airport," that's a cheap fatigue of my time. I would not want to make this film or film about aerial disasters made for television by anyone or even my worst enemies.
