It was that I loved the original "Caligula" and all its flaws, I must say that this remake was tough. I feel sick. The set does not look like a Roman ... It seems like it's some rich actor in Hollywood's backyard and Roman costumes look like cheap crap that you buy on suburban kostýmáři. Adriana Asti's "charming" looks like a fifty-year-old Hispanic woman totally terrified of her mind, as if she did not know it was a movie trailer. Participation must be one of the worst I've ever seen, with most of the lines that I hear actors to be random screaming "CALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!" as loud and obnoxiously unpleasant as they can. Random sex scenes also completed a good 40 or 50% of the trailer and scenes with notable actors / actresses like Gerard Butler (who loves screen in the shadows for three and a half seconds) did nothing, but looked uncomfortable or emerged over the top with minimal lines. they just dragged them down with the absurdity of their delivery. Courtney Love's part consists of looking like her ordinary stupid whore who leans on the door of murmuring about a month or so. You can not say it because he's either drunk or tall, or he's just idiot. Karen Black is just annoying ... he laughed and screamed to irritate you. <br /> <br /> Helen Mirren ... was in the original, and its return to "Caligula" consists of ... "CAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAALIGULAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Especially the "love" (and love, I hate) Link Enny, "Caligola ... j00 no maki me something incongruous * * .... something that sounds like j00nalo *" It is also insanely arrogant to say Caligula four ročnost government was greater than Jesus' birth and death. Frankly, this must be the worst, most exploitative and confidently arrogant crap, labeled "the art" I've ever seen. Even if Gore Vidal Caligula hated the original, he should not prove nor should he gave the name for this Hromádková package, no matter how much it paid (if not a billion trillion yen). Worst trailer ever.
