The main reason why people are still engaged in "Carlton-Browne Of The F.O." is that Peter Sellers puts on the second billed role. But when you look at this movie, you see Peter Sellers, it's a mistake. Vendors play Amphibulos, the vaguely reptilian Prime Minister of the Gaillardie country, originally a British poor country colony, which now hosts a lot of Russian football boots during the Cold War. Amfibulos wants to join each other for both the United States and Soviet interests to gain an easy profit, "all very friendly and all our cards under the table." Terry-Thomas is the title character, a lazy British diplomat who tries to show Gaillardie that the United Kingdom has not forgotten them, all the apparent prints. <br /> <br /> A positive overview here says: "The reason why this film is considered average because the comedy is undervalued." I would argue that the reason why Carlton-Browne is considered to be below average is therefore , that comedy does not exist. After a decent opening that creates only two strengths of the movie, the affectionately doltish Terry-Thomas and John Addison is a full-fledged scarf score, things quickly slow down into a series of slow burns and lame miscommunication jokes. The low views of Carlton-Browne from his boss and secret Gaillardie (which no one finds on the map) are breastfed to death. At a time when we actually get to the island (after a strenuous series of jokes), expectations are relatively low. Yet they are still too high. The island itself, which appears to be either in Latin America or the Mediterranean Sea, is so pathetic that its honor guard at the airport disappears and the show falls apart in the midst of the show. The army seems to be still horses, which allows another gloomy sounding gag by a bullet: "In the war the army uses many horses." Retailers will never get to the center on the island of their characters. Ian Bannen took over the plot as King Loris, who inherited Gaillardie's throne after his father's murder. Bannen is boring and plays his role as straight as it is written. Normally, it would make him a likely target that would become Sellers, but captured by a dashing accent and greasy mustache. Sellers is just a threat to those of us who remember him more happily in the two other films that took place this year. Mouse that is roared "and" I'm fine, Jack. "Strange that this movie, like Jack, was produced by Boulting Brothers, where Roy Boulting served as a co-director next to Jeffrey Dell. Usually Boulting films combine bad social satire with whatever comedy, but here are just fey jabs in Amfibulos works on everything worthwhile ("This man is, as you say, a bull on a Chinese ship"), while Carlton-Browne is generally overwhelming his superior much more than he thinks deserves, the weakest and most distant element of the film is a young Loris novel with Ilyena, one point for her playing with Luciana Paluzzi, one for the fact that cousins ​​seem to be never interested, the film is filming an embarrassing revolution whose surprising solution is surprising, and the last action Carlton-Browne, who seems to cover the lid on his coffin literally, apparently lives to see another day, but the movie of the same name is strictly DOA.
