The challenge of 7EVENTY 5IVE is a high school that plays a cruel phone game that is unexpectedly (if it does not get horror fans) over the head. The story of 7EVENTY 5IVE, on the other hand, is a film of horror, which had a little promise, sadly outweighed really bad writing. What could be fun, somewhat stupid, the old-fashioned story of slasher is prematurely derailed by the filmmakers' misconception that the audience would enjoy watching a bunch of loud, crazy rich kids whipping each other for most of the movie. With the exception of the police detective played by Rutger Hauer (in a minor role, which is mainly meant to add the single star power of the film), each character on the screen is a different type of young A-hole. <br /> <br /> Man and woman, black and white, straight and homosexual, the whole set of shallow and vibrant college children carries most of the story of the film. Even worse, because the story deals with the PARTY game that has been lost, most of the time these scenes are completely filled with these little b ***** ds. Because of this, there are few breakthroughs for the viewer, who have to cope with the angry sharpening of the film of protagonists. Although at least some of these people are alleged to be friends, the characters are always very hostile to each other long before the real conflict actually arises. This leads to the worst possible result in the movie "Slasher": "Spectators who want to care for the guides instead hate an anonymous murderer, but they come to come to start collecting empty brats much sooner. <br /> The real damage to this the bad features are that otherwise the 7EVENTY 5IVE really made some potential. "Visually, it's all right, top-class directors Brian Hooks and Deon Taylor know how to create a thrilling mood, and even some competent, though gentle moments, of the classic gore 80. It's not that the actors are not able to express realistic human emotions, it's just that the script (written by new friend Vashon Nutt and director Hooks, who did much better than the keyboard with the camera) is <br /> <br /> 7EVENTY 5IVE can hardly be recommended because his famous idea and a few excitement can not outweigh the bad taste left by the story driven by a number of unpleasant characters. This tepid whodunit is a real mystery why one should care for a group of young people who can not even enjoy each other.
