This film, though seemingly a comedy, is deadly serious. Its subject is imperialism (with capital I): how Britain, foolish and degrading, tries to persuade itself that after World War II it is still a great power. The home of the empire is governed by friendly crowds, the good-nature of the Torah, who are so alive that they can not distinguish close relatives; government offices consist of long-forgotten archives (digging on Orwellian paranoia?) inhabited by indolent rats and ante-rooms where the living room is bored with synakura, readings of popular novels. old pomp; but pumping out of the context looks bad and stupid, especially when it is embodied in bumble twits. Carlton-Browne is a sentimental picture of bankruptcy without any rotting decay destroying the allegedly anti-imperial Jewel in the crown. The film is also about the cold war, bravely admitting that it is a dangerous farce whose participants deserve mockery and contempt, not fear and respect. It's about how colonialism, characterized by neglect rather than tyranny, destroys the colony it leaves, deprives them of civic amenities, strength, and mainly self-esteem, and leaves them vulnerable to the machinations of dangerous cowboys. <br /> <br /> It is a matter of course, of course, that it will kill. This does not mean that heavy subjects can not be treated in a comedy - The Miracle of Morgan's Creek, Dr. Strangelove and Brian's Life proved it. Indeed, it could be that serious issues should only concern comedy - it allows a clearer view. The problem with Carlton Browne is that each situation must be meaningless outside of the comics to be considered and malfunctioning. In the three films mentioned above, a large part of the comedy comes from the reaction of the character to the extreme situation, not in the very extreme situation. Here is the script too poor to maintain rich comic characteristics, and some of the greatest comedic talents ever gathered - Peter Sellers, Terry Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John le Mesurier - are crippled. <br /> <br /> Terry-Thomas, so exalted so often, shows he can not handle the lead, and that he needed to play a crooked, arrogant boundary, not an insignificant harassment. The music is shot to carry most of the comedy, but its heavy irony only highlights the lack of cheerfulness on the screen. (To be fair, unlike most British comedies from a period that was stagnant and little produced, Boultings often tries to get their points through film, assembly, and composition itself). Only Huntley can wake up with real laughter, and that's the essence the figure he could sleep for. <br /> <br /> None of the Boultings parsonages respond - they never think much about them. Although Carlton-Browne is reflected in the decline of the Empire, it also appears to be anti-democratic and militaristic. I'm sure it was not intended, but these mistakes must happen if you allow worthy intentions to have priority over comic intelligence and film form.
