I grew up and looked at the old Inspector Gadget as a kid. It was like getting smart for kids. Bumble boob can not solve any case and all the work done by walking the talking dog Brain and his niece Penny. I heard the live action movie was decent, so I looked at it in the library. I rented this movie for free and I felt I should be paid for seeing it. Broderick is not coming anywhere near the gimmick of the acting act that Don Adams had as a gadget. His voice was wrong. The girl who played Penny did not look anything like a penny cartoon. She is a brunette where the cartoon version was blond with pigtails. But he does a decent job, given what he has to work with. Dabney Coleman gives good performance as Cheif Quimby. Saldy had never been hiding in any particular place, or had exploding messages that he accidentally threw on Gadget. The mobile gadget was bad. In the series it never said it and it was okay. Why are they doing this? <br /> <br /> The gadget was too smart in this movie. The show was a complete idiot. Here he had a half-hearted intellect. It will work better if he was crazy. He also completely blocked the catchy phrase. Borderick says "Wowser". It is and should always be "Wowsers". It seems to be chromosome without "s". I was upset when they showed thumbnails and they did not have the right phrase. <br /> <br /> Only decent gags were during credits. Claw's archer is in front of a support group for recovering supporters / assistants. Sitting in the audience is Mr. T, Richard Keil aka The Jaws of Bond Festival, Herve Villachez look similar, Oddjob, Kato and others. This is the only part I laughed at. The other is at the end when Penny checks the watch gadget here and tells the brain to say something. Don Adams tells the dog that "the brain is not right now, please leave your name on the sound of the fabric, of course it's not a laugh loud funny, just a nice nostalgia to hear Adams in the movie, at least to express a silly car. over 13 will not be. <br /> <br />
