You may want to know in advance that I am not a mormon, unlike many who have already reviewed this film. I mentioned that you understand that the way I look at the film can differ greatly from those in the faith. For some, criticism of the film is considered critical of the faith - and that is NOT my intention. So my review is that the outsider is trying to look inside and find out more about who this man and his people were. Well, looking at the film, I doubt I learned a lot. As a teacher of history, I have good knowledge of the Young and of Joseph Smith, as well as the teaching of the Church. But someone who wants to see this movie to really learn is likely to be disappointed because the film seems so kind - too nice and too unrealistic in his portrayal. Moreover, practically nothing is learned about the faiths of the Church except those who are nice people, they work hard and some have many women (and the last part is hardly indicated in the film). Instead, people are in their simplified form almost like a cartoon. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angels, non-mormons were all devils and Brian Donlevy (playing exactly the same role that Edward G. Robinson later played in ten orders) is a troubled manufacturer who claims to be Mormon but only it comes so the movie can have a bad guy. It's so simple ... too easy. Almost as an indocrine film or infomercial. Brigham Young was primarily a very complex person - with many good points (excellent organizer and visionary) and bad (not even starting his opinions on blacks inside the church or marriage). Explaining him so vaguely is simply stupid. It's also similar to how Gandhi was portrayed in the film with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led to his almost modest talent were emphasized. Hell, when I think about it, it's a problem with most religious films-they often look like one-dimensional, tricky and insignificant. Let's have a full and more complete film about these men - one who will keep the facts, not the emotional appeal. <br /> <br /> Now that you can ignore the fact that you will not learn much about faith or its second leader, the movie is nice. It is obvious that someone from the movie 20th Century-Fox really cared about the film because of the wonderful acting performance of both actors (Tyrone Power), upcoming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful acting actors (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The film also had a wonderful location and lots of shine. It simply did not have much to do with it, except it would be "swell". Besides, there were a lot of mistakes and a few stupid scenes. Some mistakes include the young takeover of the rudder immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (three years later), no mention of various Mormon daily and cluster groups, "Gold in California" - although it was 1847 and gold was not discovered until 1948 , as well as no special mention of polygamy or Smith's many wives. Just stupid scenes include Carradine, who pulled out his gun and waved at the courtroom scene - and nobody seemed to care that he did not matter - though it was a very hostile audience! Do not you think at least the judge tells him to postpone it and stop threatening people? One last comment. Do not use, I repeat, do not watch this movie when it appears on American film classics (one great station that has sank a lot in recent years). While criticizing the film because of its simplified message, I was horrified by the total disregard for the Church and its traditions. I mean that. The film was interrupted by ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as a number of pop-ups (some of the ad shows that include the "northernmost cast"). Talk about disrespect and rudeness, and I would be equally offended if they did it for any other religious film. In this way, they not only insult the faith but marginalize their market - after all, who can hear about these things and the life of Brigham Young? Is it a movie in this form that can be shown to your children or recommend to others?
