Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager who turned to Satan (and LSD) with her archeologist, fiancée Richard. There is a neighboring hippie demon cult hanging in the local tomb of an ancient castle where Leila and Richard drink blood, drugs, sexual orgies, dancing on psychedelic rocks, and participating in black mass ceremonies where boys wear trousers and women does not carry anything at all. Unfortunately, these out-of-school activities left Leila open to demonic possession of the dreaded "spirit of evil." Leila also comes from a spoiled family who will not even help. Her elder brother John is a bay that seems to be in love with her. Her mother, Patricia (Maria Perschy), is depressed because she thinks she is responsible for the death of her father. At the top, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a hideous semi-golfer for the golfer Debbie Gibson. There is also a lot of help to help you lose more time. Two buddies (a young man who takes a lot of clothes and an old one who spies on everything) and Udo (Luis Induni), a bald voyeuristic worker spying on Leila, is changing his clothes to the pool to get a freshly dressed swimsuit. Oh, yeah and Borg, a home-made German shepherd. Paul Naschy is the father of Adrian Dunning, a dubious priest (zzzzz), who begins to sneak after John and Richard both have their heads twisted backwards. Leila tells him, "They say I'm perverse and I can prove it is true!" During her birthday party, she tells her guests: "You are sick of me! I hate you all!" and when my mom suggests the doctor come, she shouts, "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests that they entrust Leila to the "sanitarium", but Leila runs out and rejoins the cult. She is rescued (again) and brought home (for the third time). <br /> <br /> By this time, there are only about ten minutes left in the movie, and everything we've seen, boring scenes of celebrities talking and lamenting about how terrible and f-ed their lives are and how Leila behaves weird. It's almost as painful as you can sit through Andy Milligan's movie without a gore and laughs. But in the end, in the last few minutes, we get a movie that titles out - EXORCIST - like holding a movie. Unfortunately, the best of them are contact lenses Leila gets. There are some slow slashes, black lips and eyes on the appearance of blue-white beads on the arms, legs, and faces. She begins to wail with a frozen flesh, spits out some clear waste, starts talking in the voice of her dead father, enters her mother's bedroom, chokes her a little, and calls her "dirty sucking fuck." Father Adrian arrives, who finally thinks she is really obsessed, reflects her attempts at seduction, hallucinations of frogs and eels are in the kitchen, and lies with Leila with holy water. The door opens and closes, the mirror breaks, there is a sudden thunder and her bed rises from the floor. After she said Dunning and both of them down the stairs, the ghost is out of her and guess who? Why, the Borg family! The demon dog turns on Adrian and chews him a bit before he touches fire poker. Then we get one of the most irritated shots that ever made shooting. Leila is on the floor and leaves her nasty look back to her normal sexy figure. But then there is another time-limited effect, which seems to indicate that the demon could eventually leave her body. It's so badly done, you really have no idea what to do about it, which is the ultimate slap in the face of everyone who just realized they lost an hour and a half on this worthless POS. <br /> <br /> Screw the contacts, 1 out of 10.
