The film stays in gray for too long. There is very little explanation as to how the film progresses, and as a result, there are many strange sequences that are of deeper significance, but because of the narrative they become strange and incomprehensible. It makes you watch the movie again, but there's no way I can do it. I just watched this picture in the morning, I'm sure that if I were watching the film tonight, they were asleep. The film looked like the "Blade Runner" of a poor man. The film leaves too many questions and improbes. It makes the film leave a senseless and non-permanent impression. <br /> <br /> Also a strange look at the film does not help. The film is half CGI / half of real life, but it does not make it half as good, impressive, magnificent and imaginative, as in other films like Sin City and 300. They even created half of the character of the movies with a computer, which seemed like a very pointless and strange choice, and also believes that character animation is not very impressive. Sure, the futuristic environment is still good looking, and the movie probably was not cheap, but its style over the essence and in this case it really is not a positive thing to say. Some of the lines are also terrible and uninteresting. The main god of the film is constantly saying lines like "I will do it, but it's not your worry, why would I want to do it." Just say nothing, Mr. Horus! It's a bit irritating and really easy to give a movie if you can not explain something about the conspiracy. The deeper questions and meanings of the film are also attributed to the animation of the film and its script. Actors still do the best. They seemed to believe in the project and were confident that what they were doing would be something special. So I can not say anything negative about them. Story and film are far from original. It is based on many classical and semi-classic, mostly modern, science fiction films. Maybe that's why the movie was too futile for me. <br /> <br /> An unsuccessful and uninteresting film experiment. <br /> <br /> 3/10
