I feel like he's a genius; I feel like I'm the only one who saw this fake movie. I watched it three times, once with commentary, and I found myself angry at everything close, all the time when the screen just exhausted and the worst of all, I feel the film will never solve anything. Yes, the priest dies, but in reality he does not seem to be in peace with the city that made him so much sad or with him. That and he was an idiot. If it was not for Peter Cowie's comment that would explain not only the film but also the book he came from, I would not be able to stomach at all. I like French movies, but this is totally absurd. The priest's day priest is filmed in beautiful black-and-white photography, but that alone can not save this lethal skein. Scene after a scene of extreme detail, where characters do not say anything until the camera goes away and disappears. They do NOT make an interesting or relevant story. How this movie has ever become a classic, it's rude: it reminds me more about the Emperor's new outfit. Yes, the performance of Claude Laydu is sincere, and I think provocative if you are a sadist, but this film is left feeling empty, because overall it is a weak impression of the Catholic priesthood, an ignorant and promising institution of corruption. A young priest is a triumph over the Countess's pride is a weak scene, but 90% of the film brings you with his terrible introspection and window into the melancholy thoughts of a young priest. This priest does not meet as humble as it is simply pitiful. Since I did not speak or understand French, I'm looking forward to doing the English SUBTITLE thing to help understand the movie. The English version of SUBTITLE is sometimes impossible to display / read and the text is so fast that there was a lot I could not read (and I'm not particularly slow reader - I just finished Dostoyevsky in 3 days). <br /> <br /> I really wanted to like this movie. I try everything that has "selected" a collection of criteria, and yet I do not see why this method deserves a critical nod in many respects. However, during the two-hour film longing, I sat down to feel some empathy for the main character and never found myself. He looked like a victim rather than a warrior. And I'm saying it's terrible.
