... You can not move her out of the way because she's old; and if you were charitable, you might say that the miserable walk she is carrying is not her fault. However, under these circumstances, it is often difficult to avoid irritation when you find yourself in the front. So it's with "The Pallbearer," an attempt to do something "different" with a romantic comedy that is mainly hamstrung this way because the place is all wrong; as if he showed you his "breakdancing" abilities at a grandmother's funeral. <br /> <br /> To further expand the metaphor (perhaps unintentionally!); Just like an old lady, the film begins to feel that its extinction can not be far away. Certainly, this strange "death" is aggressively long, it is slowly postponing our reserves of empathy in small increments, just as depressed it is known that the direction is directed only in one direction: Downhill. His humble attempts to "humor" can be seen coming miles away - again, not unlike the terrible inevitability of death! <br /> <br /> Returning to the picture of "pulling the heel", the main character Tom, is shown to repeat this activity for a lifetime. If they are really stupid "pathetic", then this juice is perhaps fifteen before Schwimmer's next - more famous - role. In order to find myself in an annoying position that I have to reconcile the sympathy of the spectators with the character, even more "clueless" than Ross, it is hard to ask even as a "capable" comic artist like Schwimmer, but I think he can find a fault for himself when he the first place will report to some seriously "echoing" situations. How will he ever escape his most famous portrait if he selects scenarios where the characters could be almost "interchangeable", even if the situation is not? A man with long-lasting high school defrosting on someone he has not seen for years. Does it sound familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing but Rachel in her role, but everything that is happening on the old soil might be beneficial if the differences were not so obscene. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well worn out that it's dirty and the "backdrop" is so inappropriate that it seems that the best way to describe the resulting film is something like "stiff" ...! 2/10.
