I am overwhelmed by the amount of praise that other commentators accumulate on this film. For me, it was rather disappointing, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and inner confusion of the main character does not work at all (in the Vonnegut book "Slaughterhouse Five" and even in the adaptation of George Roy Hill for the screen it does). Trustworthiness is often overloaded. Too many questions are left open. Did I miss some central points? Or did I not find lines that allegedly linked dots? <br /> <br /> A boy called Campbell, Jr., grows up in northern New York. At home, his father has a number of technical business papers and one book. He has photographs of piles of dead bodies in it. The boy looks through the book, his father does not like to do it. What should I say? The family moves from New York to Berlin. BANG. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What games does he write? In what language? Is it successful? His wife is an actress and looks charming. Parents return to the US and invite their son to do the same. He did not. Why? Given that he grew up in Germany, does he feel more German than an American? Because it is successful? Because is his wife? Because he likes his life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he's just lazy and does not like change? Do not ask me. Maybe you just do not care, do not care about politics, it's kind of existentialistic. He says he is deeply in love with his wife. He talks about his two republics (which means he and his wife). There is no evidence to show his love for his wife in the film, much more seems to be Republic One. At the request of US agent Campbell, Jr., he agrees to broadcast against Semitic Nazi hate propaganda to American listeners as a device for the transmission of encrypted messages to US authorities who read between the lines. A key meeting with a agent on a park bench in Berlin is short, unexplained and counter-climatic. The decision to play is very easy without explanation, it seems that the rise to the transmitter is unimpressive and seemingly fast. <br /> <br /> So now we have Campbell, Jr., representing the air as the last free American. The secret message transmission scheme is quite realistic and exciting - though some wonder what happened when Campbell, Jr., really and honestly had to cough, hiccups, etc. (He had to scramble the news terribly). In any case, the Nazis will lose, the wife will die (a tour of the Crimean country for the German troops - I have never heard that such trips actually took place on German fronts in the Second World War), Campbell, Jr. says he is going to the Russian front but does not go, is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his mug (as it comes to?), is drawn to a tour of Auschwitz, then released and resettled with a critical agent somewhere in New York City. /> <br /> And this is where the story really starts <br /> <br /> BANG. From now on, it's like a story by Paul Auster. It is in 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York as sorrow and mourns the loss of his wife. No one really cares - or does he? Yes, somehow they do, and its neighbors offer some distraction. Auschwitz survivors. Painter. Some American supremacists are "discovering" it and wanting to become their head, even finding his presumed dead wife for him, or is he his wife? "Eventually, Campbell, Jr., calls the Israeli consulate and deliberately treats him with a major war and puts him in the dead end of Adolf Eichmann who writes his life story, and when he completes the task, he hangs on the ribbons of the typewriter without <br /> <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> While I see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I have the impression that the main character is a person who is all the time indifferent to everything and is not able to love someone. it is difficult to sympathize with this looser who mourns his loss.Very many reviewers are concentrating on his position as a potential war hero because his gambling was playing glory for playing the last free American and I suppose it was a lot of courage. the film suggests that by taking the assignment, Campbell has created a suicidal situation for himself because he would be politically b a safe place, no matter who won the war, and the danger of his revelation never arises during the first part of the story. One could argue that the whole story is a dream of fantasy, and no one should bother with historical accuracy or logical development of a story that explains everything. But even so, I can not say that, in the first place, I suspect, because the love affair in the Republic of Two falls completely flat. That's a pity, especially if you think your wife played Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensual actress. She has too little time on the screen and is forced to use a senseless German accent. Another neglected aspect is the various texts (confession, broadcasting and hidden messages), but I think it is to a large extent implausible. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
