I will keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget, not fun, miserable script. Behavior is not as bad as writing, but it's bad. That's all you need to know, but I'll keep on writing more than necessary. It's a movie with three segments, each of which parodies some other type of movie. A more fun movie with this exact idea is "movie film" with George C. Scott. Very dark but worth looking for. MM parodied films of the 1930s and made it with elegance, accuracy and dry humor. He did not do this movie. Parodying three types of films, supposedly from the late 1970s, early 1980s, just parodying movies I have almost never heard of. The first is, in my opinion, the parody of "Kramer vs. Kramer". Peter Reigert does the best with a dirty script. The second is a parody, I do not know what ... the novel by Danielle Steele? I think you could see such a story on the TV series Lifetime, but in the cinema? I mean, I remember 70 years, I was there. This is a soap-like parody of the opera of a young woman who is sleeping the way to power. These types of things usually parody, so I do not see how it was even necessary. <br /> <br /> We are on a slightly easier land with the third segment, "The Municipalians," which parodies films. I have recorded the elements "The New Centurians" and "Dirty Harry," which have been created in the film for almost ten years. Yeah, nice and up-to-date. Robby Benson plays an idealistic young novice (over the top) while Richard Widmark plays on a grizzled veteran policeman who drinks whiskey when sitting in a police car (OH! Stop!) My parties! unconscious!) Notice that this was the first movie after the "Animal House", which had the name "National Lamp". Wow. If you want to go five years from this classic move to this pile of dung, there is nothing shocking. I could go on for hours around a sad bankruptcy that caused one of the most sharper and original voices in American humor (that would be the National Lampoon, an original magazine roughly in its first ten years or so), to sell and start a long, slow sliding of the world of crap, where the magazine is long gone, and there is only a brand that goes for a fee on low-budget movies of "comedy". One more reason why capitalism (and cocaine) is so bad. <br /> <br /> This movie is a serious time. Do not waste 90 minutes. I want to get back. On the positive side, Fred Willard is in it!
