During this film I laughed a few times. I struck out loud during the notary about the handing over of the margarine society (the game). <br /> <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first is to be the spoof of "women" growing up and embarking on career films. The Tampax® box was the most amazing in this segment. Most cast members are not listed on the IMDb. They are lucky. Few people will be able to associate this thing with the ruin of their careers. The second segment is the spoof of "shark women who sleep the way to the top and dominate huge industrial films." Robert Culp has several fun moments, all of the physical humor, including the above-mentioned handover. After his character dies, the segment decreases down and down as Dominique Corsaire rises higher and higher. At the time she became the first lady, I wanted to pull the cable out of the TV and watch the "snow". I went to Pakistani music videos. I do not understand Urdu or any language in which the videos are placed. It was even better than listening to dialogue in this painfully boring "story." Then came "municipali" with big stars, half of them on the screen in less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr., Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and Robby Benson. "It is interesting to see the old RTD buses, Shell petrol station signs and the American Savings brand - it is interesting to see old police buses, no one is anymore Nagursky "Never stop anywhere if you had to get a car", for a moment I smiled, then discussing how boring a young cop is Many, back and forth about how boring it is. just as boring as a description of how boring it is. "Nagurski's law number four," Never Going to a Music Shop Cut with an Acetylenic Torch, "thought me that the music business is a real deal in the real spot the dispatcher gave. It was more interesting than the setting for the gag that followed. "Young Falcone (Benson) is shot down, many of whom become a hardened cop like Nagurski. The segment is still going on and on and on, and on, it does not stop, it's constantly spinning no matter how many times you want it to die * so it's over. Not that. He goes on and on ... Then comes the episode "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" that I've seen four times. Thank God! This catastrophe ended when I was going to get mail.
