If the term itself was not geographically and semantically insignificant, it could refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Australian West." For Down Under, it seemed that Ned Kelly was a popular hero like Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid. After being an Irish immigrant, Kelly became a refugee and a prosecutor after he was falsely accused of filming an Australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was released into jail. In order to get Kelly, his brother Dan and two other associates back into government, they became notorious bank robbers, won in the hearts of many in the wild and struck a blow to justice in a country where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and contempt by those who they drove the country. Perhaps because we have met so often in the past with this "gentleman's bandit," "Ned Kelly" feels terribly familiar and non-original, because he pays homage to any number of stereotypes and cliché of the genre on the path to the inevitable conflict. Ned is a typical criminal lawyer who kills only when he is forced and only then with the deepest regret. He also has the pulse of an ordinary people, like when a bank robbery returns a valuable watch to one of the customers, after one of his gangs has so cruelly abdicated. Which movie did not show such a scene on this particular topic? It is, of course, such a selective generosity that brings love and respect to all the little people who have come to secretly admire anyone who can get away and clamp it to the rules - that is to be a status quo. Geoffrey Rush plays a distinct, recognizable code that feels personally involved in bringing the skinny fighter who is still going to break. There is even an inevitable episode in which one of the ladies who are held goes to the next room and has sex with one of the robbers and is thus turned on by the romantic exhaustion of the criminal lifestyle. And the movie is covered with one such hackneyed scene, the other. Heath Ledger can not distinguish himself in the title role, providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or fascinating. It does not help that he was forced to provide a droning voice-through narrative that underlines the sacerdotal and pretentiousness of both character and film. "Ned Kelly" could serve as a function of species as a lesson in Australian history, but as a fun, it's the same old story with different accents.
