I've heard bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I've heard a cultural hype. As it turned out, the first film by new impresario Eli Roth is just an effort to make IQ points fall as the film progresses. There are worse movies and certainly more horrible (although I'm not sure how the hype-meter got so high to count the blood for the Hostel, there's a lot of money for fans of genres here). The premise is not necessarily wrong, though: the children go to the cabin for a week of the party just to meet a very ill man, bloody-faced, who paniced in the panic. They return to the water that feeds the tank, and soon all the characters are subject to a virus that eats meat, anyway. Characters, whether leading college students (including Rider Strong as a hero, and James DiBello as a fucking side bar) or supportive "villages", are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painful. <br /> <br /> When they meet their fates, the city's inhabitants are quite strange and seem to be unbearably throwing together without much laughter; The "pancake cat" comes from nothing and maybe it could be fun in another movie or in itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie it just does not work. There is also a young police figure that is even more stupid and less convincing than others. And the family that goes after DiBello after the incident has some options that are not being implemented. But all the time, Roth runs out of his window-of-mind scripture, and sudden fears and fears with people who are bleeding with each other and the killer dog is spreading around him. Which is not for them or for all. Now, unlike the smaller horror films Troma or even smaller of the 70s or 80s, which I'm sure Roth is a stubborn fan, it does not mean that it's not inconsistent. She's also clever to have no explanation of where the virus comes from. <br /> <br /> But unlike those movies, he does not really have a great idea of ​​what he does for great camp-horror times. His movie, of course, attempts to do it and only once or twice to do it like a bloody, bloody time (I did it as a random bunny who sees a strong while gurney). It's not even a very bad shot of a lot of time (though with its own fictional styles - a choice of a red shade on the lens or a story with a bowling alley worker). It simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and options (shakes the legs with deadly virus, uh-huh) and focuses on quite typical soil. If it's your cup of tea, more power for you. But in the end, I found out that this is in fact a non-extraordinary genre territory that does not damage the sensitivity of the audience ala Saw but does not move behind the fence or as a smart B-movie. Roth is also afraid to end the film on real "co-hell" notes as Santa Claus beats an official business clerk since the movie was used in the movie by a bunch of black people. It could work if he looked at something better or if it fell completely down. The same can be said of a lot of film. C-
