Cabin Fever starts as it can offer. A group of undergraduates after the final (in the autumn?) Goes into a recreational cottage in the forest, where they are attacked by one invisible mass virus. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any distant film quality elements stop. Cabin Fever is a bit more than college kids looking for sex, booze, talking about anything and seeing how many F-bombs can get in 1:40 minutes or how long it's a mess. <br /> <br /> Children behave and foolishly react to everything around them. One of them, for example, finds that the skin virus infects the legs, so what does it do? She keeps her feet constantly and does not hold proper medical treatment for her wounds. The scene is a bit more than rough. In another scene, Rider Strong of "Boy Meets World" is bitten by a guy who just calls "Pancakes" and likes doing karate on those sitting next to him. If you find out why the "Pancakes" cup was included, I'd like to know. In any case, the rider cuddles with a wild dog and leaves to wash his hand in the most likely polluted creek. Another kid likes dropping the F-bomb as he responds to everything around him and shoots the squirrels. Why? Your estimate is as good as me! <br /> <br /> Rider Strong is the only guy with any recognition in this movie. Trying to calm people between shouting and shouting and F *** Y **! the bombs that people defend. When the children do not say, have or talk about sex or talk nonsense with other adult characters that are MORE (if possible) more idiotic than children! The Idiot policeman with the best IQ number at the age of 60 can be one of the best acts I've ever seen in the movie. You talk about people who do not play with full deck, this dork does not even know how to find cards! LOL! I was glad, "Will you please close it?" He makes the kid actors look like geniuses! The only part I liked was Rider's haunted story (even if it was horror) about a guy with a cradle. In interviews, Rider said he had a great respect for director Eli Roth. But the problem is that Mr. Roth seems to be just a little more than shock and gore. There are too many bad things about this movie to get Mr. Roth some credit. I wish I could agree with Ridder and find something that would be nice to this film. Maybe scenery in the beginning? Actually, Rider Strong JUST saves this movie from being 1! Hopefully he was compensated for this unsolicited product!
