I really do not know if Cabin Fever is a joke or a movie ... But if I know it's much closer than a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror filmmakers decided to take a new step and make fun of this genre, giving birth to the Scream series. Scream gave a list of all the stupid things that horror films will make, predictable, and the characters in Scream ended up doing exactly the same things, adding a lot of humor and irony to this genre analysis, and led to the hope that horror films will be from while a little different, either full irony to the genre, suicide to the film itself, or at least differently in their dramatic process than all the "old" films that responded to the same tired criteria. Looking at "Cabin Fever", unfortunately, many will see how neoriginal, serious, demanding, boring and even scary some allegedly "scary" movies are now, even a few years later. Above all, this film lacks originality as many others do. It has been said several times that today there are few actors of horror directors who transform the remake of foreign sequels, but shooting a movie in a cabin in the wood does not seem to be an "ambition" for anything, it seems, simply ripoff. Whoever wants to be surprised by other factors in the story of the film will not: it is again a film whose characters are in their early 1920s who will not think rationally when they face the problem, rather to argue for hours and pick up fighting than to try to think and do something with it. Even there is not much excitement. Thirty times in a horror film, they are tempted to kiss, love, and basically have fun, all sorts of things that really do not do it any other than the other victims of horror films that were previously recorded. Secondly, this film is unimaginably serious. Every situation in which the characters are built, every dialogue, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any viewer with little sense of justification will be deprived of when some characters finally end up dying. Nothing in the way the film is directed, written or performed shows some signs of humor or sarcasm, which is quite amazing given that the film is about an invisible - never heard - pre-meat-eating-virus (not laughing). I will not even stand out because there are no actors in this movie. Cast was certainly hired as a friend or neighbor to the director. Third, and it hits the one who has seen a "good" horror movie before, the script is completely empty. Nothing really happens, some acts are repeated a few times ("We'll try to get help!"), Nothing makes sense in the facts, in the psychology of the figure, or in the merry sense of the last sequence of the film, which is supposed to be funny according to the director and screenwriter. Finally, I'm just going to remark that the horror film has something haunted inside. Gallons of fake blood, whether vomited, spraying from cut limbs, or just dropping from the wounds, were never enough to scare the audience. Such main features as scenario, ideas, and even cruelty are required for anyone who claims to have shot something terrifying. If I did not consider it an absolute failure, I would agree that the film has one talent: it is dirty to disgust watch. Still, I was scared and afraid of two very different feelings, let them know. I would like to encourage someone who is curious or interested in seeing this movie first to check older major horror movies, why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, films Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... what is terrifying or suicidal horror, but also convinces viewers that the "new" may not necessarily be "better." A good example is the film that composer Angelo Badalamenti performed for this film, although undoubtedly close to his previous compositions, under what he had ever done before.
