Strong moralism. Writers who use signs like muzzle to speak for themselves. Predictable, fruitful plots of land (they say five times fast). Baby Imitation Britney Spears. This film has all the honors of the rejection of a lifelong special. I sincerely believe that Jesus Nebot and Julia Montejo set out to create a thought-provocative, emotional film on a hard topic and explore the idea that things are not always black and white, who is by definition a criminal, may not necessarily be a bad human being, and that they may exist attenuating circumstances, especially when one first gives the child's welfare. However, their seriousness ultimately leads to dialogue about preaching and sad situations that are set to move conspiracy. The decent value of the production and the interesting use of the camera-style documentary film is not enough to achieve its goal when the script and acting fall. <br /> <br /> Logic is often threatened to create tension: Soid first tries to conjure up Pablo to participate in her document for helping them escape, and then in the same breath tells him basically that he does not trust her because does not help her out of altruism. Well, soul. And for the man who is on the run, Pablo is too impressed with temperamental tantra. Cristina's good welfare is so important to him that he escapes capture and murder or deportation, but is willing to risk everything that calms her if she does not want to go to Mexico. Right. Interview on Excessive Parenting. Thirdly, when employer Pablo Charlie gives a phone to Detective Bright, he is remarkably unprofessional, especially because of his seniority - does he really think he is convincing? Oh, yeah, I would turn away. CCH Pounder's Detective Wims could wipe her floor with her. <br /> <br /> To be fair, I would like to say what I liked. I like a pacifier. And I liked that the pacifier was named Sexy. There is a cross-dressing, always plus; juvenile cross-dressing, no less! Harry is infinitely cuter than Cristina. But my favorite moment in the movie must be when Cristina kicks detective Not-So-Bright. It seems to me also interesting that in a strongly minority cast (which I think by the way) the black figure is racist. It is a shame that he is just thrown out and not further explored. There is a distinct unconventional score, but it is generally context-nonspecific without improving the mood or tension in any scene, except for a pathetic, terrifying shouting every time the main character is in anxiety, as if they think his acting does not show that much , that is, "Just in case you are not sure is angry and we have a musical sign to prove it." <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> everything has to be said in dialogue, even when the body language was lifted until it was fine. For example, every passionate speech Pablo does and Mrs. Knight is angry that her baby will not swim in bed with them in the morning. "Papi, tell me about Mama again" - what a blatant, spectacular exposition representing a generic dead woman! (She's always the most beautiful woman the widow has ever seen, the youngest she's ever met, Why do not we see how we'd be weeping for a woman like Shakespeare's wife-She can be fat, ugly, uncomfortable, but his love for her is deep like the oceans, now it's the story that moved me.) The police, which is always literally a step behind, gives many scenarios a feeling of French farce out of place. The most boring legs go through at all - Bright and Lightning are so out-of-form and easy to jam (surely not as fast as lightning, and she, well, I do not feel the need to explain things). Some guy pulls along a little kid who jumps out of a police cop, supplemented by a macho biker who chooses a fight but then sinks a child? Quoting Margaret Cho, it's so sad. Could we sometimes see it as "cops"? Hackneyed and over the top deus ex machina: As an employer, would you really drop control of your green card just because you can cite the author's inspirational speech on the poster behind the table? Plus a few scenes, including the above, threaten to go to porn: "Well, I will do this favor if you do something for me ..." I almost hear a bow-chic-bow-bow. When a parent sees the shots of Pablo's remorse, the scary little mom is the most real film he feels. Unfortunately, it is aggravated by the fact that she seems to be completely rocked by her emotional speech until her ballistic life. A more ambivalent view would be more convincing. <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed at the stupidity of the main character who is doing things for the plot: holding a department store without a mask, visiting a dead girl's grave. And why does not my mother recognize his face from the moment she saw him before he left? "You look terribly familiar ..." What is the purpose, that it is a totally useless, rather unreasonable scene with Soid and an artificially improved bartender? Character Development? Tch. Too little, too late. Speaking of unnecessary features that have never been done anywhere, a detective flash called by skeptical detective Bright must be a Scorpio that shows how little he should know about the occult. And I do not think that faith in fate is rather qualified as a voodoo mumbo jumbo. Finally, when Bright holds Pablo when he dies - wait, why does he care now? Her character is as inconsistent as Soid's. What, must shoot just because she said, "Stop or I'll shoot"? (She still cared for her integrity.) He was unarmed. There was no need for mortal strength. What's wrong with shooting his foot to immobilize him? Finally, Cristina's baby adoption of her mother's death was given by Dr. Knight's room over the death of his daughter - so forced. And the story of a family whose child was killed has become a novelty for the Cristina family ... I am angry that she could be a "replacement" for her little girl. It is also unrealistic that a white couple would take Latino's daughter to a man who killed their own daughter. I'm not saying they are not generous, loving people who would do it. I'm just saying that the characters are never so developed to believe they do it. <br /> <br /> I am sorry that another IMDb reviewer said that of course as a woman sappy scene. I'm a woman who reserves my emotional moves for moments that do not explain in a way. Writer, co-director, star Nebot said he wore too many hats during this production. Too many chefs can spoil broth, but the only chef himself could end up with school. <br /> <br /> Lastly, the title of this movie has less to do with the story and is more related to the feeling of regret, helplessness and the loss that accompanies the revelation that you will never see your money again.
