Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 yarn scare, "scared" find more to be disappointed in this stupid little sequel. It resembles a similar conspiracy, but it is not possible to join the original, except for the presence of Mort, a mannequin monster made of wood. Here is a brief overview. Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) testifies that his father brutally kills his mother and then marries his own life, Mike still suffers from the fear of that day. In the hope of getting rid of his fear, Mike will take his girlfriend and a lot of friends to his grandparents house. His plan is for everyone to dress in costumes that pose their fears, and then they will be concerned about Morty's figurine. According to an Indian friend, this process has a magical fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is obsessed with his father's spirit and starts killing his friends ... or is it really Mike who is killing himself? Who is it? <br /> <br /> You have several problems with this movie. The first is Morty. I thought the Morty original looked rather convincing. This time, it's painfully obvious that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake looking suit. This can be seen especially in early scenes where Morty is still in vain, but if you watch closely, you can see him flashing. Another problem is that most of the characters do not try hard enough. Some of them make it, Betsy Palmer, of the 13th glory that was excellent in this movie. But most of them do not work or have not been given a chance. Finally there are killing. Introductory scenes involving murderous celebrations were very convincing. Actually, when I saw them, I thought I was in a good movie. When the second half of the film comes and the killing actually begins, everything is falling apart. Deaths are either non-creative, invisible, or supposed (flashes of the next scene, because Currie has blackouts). One of them dies at the end and no one, including the viewer, can see. While more characterization was needed in the first half, it was not too bad. The other half was. I think the new director, Chris Angel, got to this point and did not really know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they turned out to be real negligent and pedestrians. The silly end does not help. So, if you really did not love the original and did not have to choose your skin from your body, you probably have to omit "fear 2: night Halloween". Zanatos score: 4 out of 10.
