The assault force has a terrible title and can almost certainly be judged to be a terrible cover because the movie is terrible! Mish-mash of plot plot, choppy mess, and a staggering tempo to make the movie hard to watch to start to the end. I've done it and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly from his old days), it is painful to see her star in this kind. The real Seagal films of the past half a dozen films have gone a lot, but some of them have at least some redeemed features. Attack Force is a mess. From the beginning to the delivery, this film has undergone a number of changes, from the Alien line to the present highly addictive super drug, which is set to break into Romanian (the film has several settings, none of which are Romanian, but all look like Romania because they are in Romania!) of the population. The film is tied together with little regard for the original scenario. The dividing edges and free ends are in a movie that is certain. That was a problem in several recent Seagal films, but the result has never been so boring. There are a number of fences that water is poisoned by CTX (that's a cool name drug) that will never be solved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in recent years, the conspiracy was not the main draw in the Seagal canon, so there was a large charge on other chairs, especially in action. Before I look at this event, all other departments are bad. The direction is wrong, or better placed, it looks poor. Who knows how Michael Keusch originally intended this movie? Between him, completing the task, re-shooting stuntman Tom Delmar and editing, the continuous autopsy vision is completely lost. The best way to describe a movie is that it's all in the store! Cinematography is boring and almost spirited, while the droning score (it sounded like it was made from the cheapest cheap synthesizers), nothing makes it excite. Also cast are bad and can not save anything. Seagal looks bored with unsatisfaction and plays a large part of the picture, clearly when the points change. He looks tired and overweight and lethargic, unlike what he had seen on previous shots (remarkable, as the above were the main complaints of recent Seagal pictures). The only replaceable member is Adam Croasdell as one of the villains who makes the slim routine Brit. It seems to be a return to foreigners because it plays inhumanly. It looks like a cross between the body of the kidnapper and the vampire (and that's the lead scoundrel who plays some hot cat that appears occasionally, apparently waiting for her husband Dracula). Event. Well, it's bad. Badly conceived, poorly shot. There is not much, and even less is Seagal. Stevo does not actually make double pieces because there is so little work. There is also a tedious (repetitive and boring) action scene on a watch that occasionally interrupts the small glimpses of Seagal's stand because Seagal apparently was not there when the scene was shot and they wanted the action scene. Seagal eventually appears personally to shoot two men in his head. Seagal has credit and scenario creators here, but according to what I understand, the film has been changed behind its back to the current state in which it is. Seagal apparently will not be working with these people again, nor with Castel Studio, a horrible sub-Nu-Image (it says), material. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is about avoiding if you are not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safe knowing that a big man will probably not want to do anything that bad. Unfortunately, his next film, which was already shot, with the same people, promises to be even worse than this. * *
