I rented it because I was a little tired of programming NBC in the 1980s and apparently saved a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors and they do a good job for their merits, but this show is defective. We have a character that is uninteresting. It is full of defects, unlit, and complete in good days. Still, there is a reason why someone should care only for not being there. When creating an American sitcom centered around a complete plump jackass, it is revolutionary and full of potential, and it simply does not meet in this show. Most supportive characters are not full-featured but rather sad punching bags that need empathy from the audience for being stockings. As with any sitcom, they are the ones that become the most common to the audience, by rejecting the lead figure to such an extent that we see that Bittinger is himself and damages people and just stay there .... why? There is no reason. Any normal person would simply abandon abuse. Keeping them there for no real reason - even the really unbelievable one that Joanna Cassidy gave in a very special episode of 2 partial miscarriages, which has its own problems - is where the show is just falling apart. Simply believe that people want this guy because they tell us that they have a heart of gold, they are unrelated to the reality of the situation. If nothing, it's not even dramas. This is a poorly rendered, conceived and executed assumption that had a few moments, but overall accomplished the fate he deserved. Someone had the courage to go out and make a very good idea, but the execution is so random that it just looks like a weirdly sketched version of Jerry Springer's show, where someone is abusing this tyrant who we should have the root because they told us. Such a show requires an aggressive impression that the actors could easily provide it here, but they are certainly not capable. And that's a fatal mistake that killed the program. <br /> <br /> Shout at the show in childhood. Regardless, the show is worth watching. But it really got worse when she tried to focus on the stars, and did not do what it could be.
