Going down as the most expensive film in Finnish history, "Dark Floors" is a horror film with an extremely Lynchian narrative that tells of the ever-worsening series of "floors" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital where our protagonists are imprisoned. The head of the autistic daughter and her father, who was upset with the hospital's apparent lack of medical progress with her daughter, got into the elevator and discussed it with one of the hospital nurses. Accompanied by a security guard, a trader, and a seemingly naughty tramp, the team collectively finds the complex abandoned, but they are not alone. The director of Pete Riski, known for his television production, is "Dark Floors" filmed in English, using English actors in particular, but has a significant ranking of probably the most famous Finnish film "Lordi" (winners of Eurovision 2006) themselves, monstrous costumes, as filmmakers, even though for all these dazzmatazzes production fails where it is most needed to convince the audience. Each movie, the phrase "is too quiet," is already guided by a dubious path, and this horrified Lord does not break this agreement. For all the good ideas that are evaluated in the mix, there are a handful of mature clichés, and the worst of all that is interesting is not enough to resonate. The concept of degrading floors is initially very sinister and provides a sense of inevitable destruction because viewers realize that those who are imprisoned in the hospital must go further in the mud. But there is not enough atmosphere to cause fear and intimidation of the audience into ignorant fear. The viewer realizes that the journey will become increasingly dangerous, as the levels develop from shiny white to hellish black, but I do not think the characters are so conscious about this fact that they are threatened. Also, the whole movie, which is basically its own time bubble, is again a very nice touch - a term that is often not used in horror genre but characters do not become a situation with enough fear and anxiety when they encounter this fact continue to do business too easily and without sufficient interest in something to mean to the audience. These initial good ideas are simply left to waste as if these ideas were the director and / or Mr Lordi (who had many of the ideas used in the movie) but could not agree or decide how best to use and as such lose their purpose and point. <br /> <br /> Yet for all the frustrations there is a great deal of comedy, but not for the reasons the creators would give. Too many clichés, too much is recycled and too much is simply ridiculous. While the leadership is friendly to Noah Huntley, the characters are just cardboard cuts that have been embedded in the story of other films. We have a leader who does everything in his power to protect his daughter along with the developed loving interest. Together with the "pair", we have a traditional black token as a security guard, with an endless clip for his side leg and an unhappy, unbelieving businessman on his own. The worst of all, unfortunately, is the introduction of Lord's cast as night creatures who suffer our wandering group of unfortunate people, but not to appear as themselves. What makes horror film a terrifying viewer is scary. "The Shining" is terrifying because it's a member of your family that chases you, in "Dawn of the Dead" it's our fear of each other and the original cannibalism and irrational thought patterns that zombies have in "Alien," the animal is rationalized and "Dark Floors" it's nothing. Perhaps it is unfair to compare this production with these monoliths of the genre, but when you show it, it turns out to be very close and the aggressors feel like nothing more than the demented Klingons where you can almost notice the zip on the costumes they wear, any atmosphere " Lordi "is simply not scary. It's annoying because we all fancy being absent, and we hope they'll be fine, you want smaller productions to say that they can create the same quality film as Hollywood culminates, like George A Romero, but it's not always materializing. I liked the film and did not feel like I had spent the ninety minutes I just listened to, but I felt pleasure on a completely hollow level, as if anything that did not mean subconsciously, emotionally or critically. I felt that almost Lynchian narrative was a standout plus point but it fades into nothingness. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Will it all go through again? Even the slightest glance at what happens is a movie simply confused for an attempt at art. Was the entire sequence of events real, or was it just a dream sequence? If an autistic girl watched the Eurovision Song Contest in 2006 and simply had a very bizarre nightmare because of the stress she was under? Who knows? And unfortunately, I can not use the energy to care for her. "Dark Floors" is an enchanting experience that ultimately has shallow characteristics of potential, and at least it shows a lot of creative energies from Mr Lordi, who might have been looking for a work solo to fully develop his ideas. It's something that fans of the group or genre might be watching, but you feel unnecessarily oppressed because it does not have enough light for the situation.
