Hines and Goforth, the perpetrators of this crime, are starting a bad step first, assuming that Wells wrote Gothic horror, and that all his lines should be taken seriously. It's just not true. Wells was the heir of the Enlightenment, and his main interest was that Victorian self-esteem could leave the British unprepared for the world that the new technology could produce - both good and bad. the terrible consequences follow - the protagonist is portrayed as a wolf scream (I remembered Faya Wraya in the original King Kong), rather than a man trying to live out of the irony of an incredible disaster; and the "victorian" murder dialogues seriously said Welles apparently wanted to have a tongue on his face. Everything looks suspicious like Ed Wood with a huge budget for wasting CGI effects - which, as badly achieved, the Warner Bros. Cartoon. from the 1940s could do a better job. (Gobs of scattered blood looked like red balloons, I expected them to float any moment.) Think of yellow submarines as old EC comics. film for whatever reason to exist. Although the creators of the film return the story to the Victorian era, they neglected the mysterious story of Wells' story, which predicted many of the horrors of the First World War - a fact that Wells himself did not catch up with, after the war, reworking the subject of the Shape of Things that Comes. Without a theme, all we have here is a lot of people running around when they get into cartoon balloons when they do not try Macbeth's drunken student transcript high school. It is really the worst and most absurd element I suffered because my friend talked about seeing the East European drawing "Fantastic Planet" thirty years ago. The movie was so inconspicuously boring, my friend and I and two complete aliens surrendered that we laughed at him and we sat near the screen of the playing cards, used the film as the light that sees the cards - its only usefulness, however somebody could to say. <br /> <br /> But I already have electrical lighting in my apartment so I did not need to destroy Wells for anything. <br /> <br /> Do not avoid this movie - steal every copy you can (you do not pay a penny) and burn each of them. God in our wisdom created us for this very purpose.
