Well, on the credit side (if one can say he has one), Timothy Hines DID has been able to capture the original setting of the outstanding H.G. Wells. But besides - well, call the fish on the fish - it's upset. What Master Ed Wood could do with an alleged budget of $ 20 million! Timothy Hines really does that Mr. Wood, who was just the wrong genius, looks like the best filmmaker of all time. The special effects (I think you would call them) are not even compliant with computer game standards. Acting is, perhaps, a comparable theater dinner, and accents are unfortunate. With the threat of sounding insulting, there is a lot of acting from the main male characters (especially Poor Ogilva), well, ahem. . . GAY! Poor Ogilva speaks and moves around the fake English landscape and waving a white handkerchief of asbestos as if it were a heat resistant armor. Hey, Stormtroopers in "Star Wars" also had a white body armor, and it did not work, they still got blasted. Even when Ogilvy and the company are frying the Martian "Heat Ray" (?), They smash and bite in some weird dance, even if they are theoretically DEAD and are reduced to skeletons that persist in unbridled dancing and wailing. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented skeleton skeletons from Raya Harry, who remained of Jason and the Argonauts. Or was it "Josie and the kitten"? I do not know. Soldiers, probably because they are "military", seem to be rather unconvincingly exploding, like a cowboy soldier and his unfortunate friends carrying a litter just behind him. Wow! I loved it! But the "soldiers" all looked as if they were either the fascist soldiers of the Spanish Civil War or the Boer Commandos (which would be more or less correct for that period.) Maybe it was a bit clever conquest on the part of that evil genius Hines?). Perfectly, the character of Curate looks exactly like he was drawn in the original illustrations by Warwick Goblel and also turns to the most convincing work of acting. Yeah, yeah. Do not forget about THUNDER CHILD. In the book, the warship is described as a torpedo-ram. It was for enemy ships for RAM. Still, it is a bow that crunch after wrapping a marshmallow military toy made of tinplate toys, with a small toothed hole at the front, and she sank. An ironic warship like THUNDERCHILD could destroy TITANIC and survive, but I think the Royal Navy was under the same limited constraints as our own troops. Costumes are all bad, especially British military and police uniforms, paved mostly by USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in apparent favor on Western Films Of Yore, apparently set up his movie in the wild west of England, because all his riders use western saddles. The accents used by almost everyone seem to be a mix of some kind of Scottish regional accent used by Clan Macabre, and the magically delicious Irish accents from Malarka County. On the credit side and contrary to what one reviewer wrote, the only true, authentic feature of this thing is artillery. Weapons are not of the Civil War, but it seems to my eye and research as a bona-fide British nine or 12 pounder crushed breaks Loaders, perfectly authentic to the period. Likewise, ammunition was used. But the artilleryman, who is the driver of an artillery racehorse, was not shown properly when he was driving his horse. Do not think of a frigging box and drive a team of guns, you ride. Opening, according to what I consider authentic movie footage, is fine and the result is not bad. However, to my best of knowledge, Weybridge never had the underground, and it certainly was not in 1898. But when I grew up reading this novel, I was very disappointed. I was even more disappointed when I was in Spielberg for a million dollars, special effects loaded version. Perhaps his version would use Anthony Pian's replacement for Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have so much more, but now I'm going to do it: I wish somebody did a good version of the "World War" that is faithful to the original one. Timmy's vision is fine for college in the movie, or maybe I should say it's stupid for college students and it's so bad, which is probably the best I can say about this, but that's all about it. Yeah, yeah. Where exactly is the budget? And what happened to Michael Cain? I would like to hear his comments! I have an irritated suspicion that Timbo "Orson Wood" Hines is a breathtaking, inscrutable cinematographic masterpiece that could become a risk director into a cult star because I have to admit that I see this film with vindictive pleasure It does not pay for nothing, but I was deliberately sent by a friend who burned a copy of me on a DVD without a malicious intent I could determine. I have to add that I thought Blackmoon's dubbed and abridged version was not only a huge improvement, but absolute, hysterically funny (in a good sense) healing that could be tracked. It seems hard to watch the Master Timbo version of Blackmoon. Hold on, Tim! Make your own version of "Dune" now. Just waiting for a master's hand like you! And everything you are a scaly snob who hated Cloverfield? FORGET IT. DO NOT USE THE ARTISTS TIMBO HINES FOR SHEER HILARIOUS AWFULNESS! HEY RECEIVES LIFE! TIMBO IS THANKS THAT MASTER ED WOOD! I did not believe!
