Lordi was a big hype and revelation in 2007 because he won the Eurovision Song Contest with a (not so heavy) metal song called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dressed as scary monsters. But we are confident that their victory was unlikely to have anything to do with their great musical talent. The Eurovision has gradually transformed into a major political circus over the years, and Lord's probably only won because their song finally brought a little change and? which is all the more important - because their whole action has acted as a credibly fraudulent annual event. The ultimate last thing Lordi's first (and hopefully the last) horror film brings change and inventiveness. "Dark Floors," based on the lead singer's notion and playing in the rest of the group in supporting roles, is really a non-imaginative and hopeless cluster accumulation. The huge budget ("Dark Floors" is supposedly the most expensive Finnish film ever) definitely provides very dark subjects and impressive make-up art, but what is the reason why there is no story worth telling? The film takes place in a busy hospital where a lot of people, including their father and his young daughter with an unknown illness, are trapped in a power outage in the elevator. When the door opens again, the floors are empty and it looks as if the hospital has long been abandoned. Trying to get to the east, the group encounters several morbid and inexplicable obstacles such as invertebrate corpses, ghoulish ghosts and heavy metal monsters emerging from the floor. The only three points I make for "Dark Floors" are exclusively for scenery and corresponding tension building during the first half of the film. As long as these sinister events do not require explanation, the atmosphere is quite spooky, but once you realize that the explanation is a) To be very stupid or b) Never come, Healthy just collapses like an unstable card house. Lordi's costumes were never really scary (except for the traditional Eurovision fans) and combined with a story reminiscent of Asian terrible horror, they just look pathetic and useless. With all national myths and truly unique outdoor shooting places, I personally always assumed that Finland? The Land of Thousand Lakes? would be an ideal place for terrible horror stories, but I think it's another disillusionment on my account.
