The fashion designer rises over the cat and falls into the pool, hitting his head on something that floats on the surface. With relatively cheesy effects (this was a television movie) floats out of the body. It flows through the tunnel from circles of swirling orange smoke and the black solid figures approach (they look like dummies in her apartment). I almost thought I was watching the movie Jess Franca ... When her friends are alive, her black arm grasps her wrist and she must fight to relax. When she is revived, she recovers everything and has a bruised bruise on her forearm. Shortly thereafter, she is almost hit by an uncontrolled car that appears on the sidewalk behind her. At Halloween she decides to go to Mexico for her vacation with her boyfriend. When he gets there, he's surprised that it's the day of the dead. They are poisoned by other US tourists who are still holding them and almost drowning them. The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who have had almost death experience. They all experienced a tunnel, but not black figures or repeated escape before death. One of them has and is very nervous. She is also encouraged to meet psyche. The doctor tells her about the people he calls "Walkers" (the name of the novel he used to make). They are people who have reportedly died from one cause that proved to have died for another cause. So it's like walking on after they died until they died again, but he accuses her of poor records. I was looking at a 102-minute video and I felt terribly long. I can not imagine that it's actually 192 minutes! Perhaps if it was to be watched more than two nights on TV, it would be better to watch it than in one sitting. I read only one novel by Gary Brandner, Floater, and if it is representative of his work, he is not the most original writer. Floater had a common conspiracy: chose a child to kill people in vengeance. Even the variation was quite frequent: it was chosen for a child, and people died years later in vengeance behind the grave. And in fact it has a common point with this movie because the child is practicing astral projection, and when it drowns, it floats from his body, as it is here. I do not know how his novel Walkers follows his dead night. I understand that Howling's films are not very similar to their novels. It is a rather slow film, and special effects and cinematography are actually delayed (probably) by a low budget and are designed for -TV flaws. There are plenty of easily recognizable characters in it. It also feels very dated, rather in the early 80s than 1989. I found it boring. A much better low-budget film about a similar subject that I do not think is so bad is Sole Survivor (1983) (probably inspired by the final destination films from 2000). She blows out of the dead night away.
