I just lost three hours of my life, and I can honestly say I feel violated. I read reviews and heard a warning, and I thought I was ready for something - at best, I thought it was a faithful attempt (if it was wrong) for an original adaptation; in the worst case, the so-good-is-bad "plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I was able to pick up a copy of Walmart in Florida and bring it back to Great Britain, I joking to my friends: "Get ready for the worst film ever made!" Oh, cruel Karma. Can not recommend this movie. "Special" effects look like the student's first year work using the Spectrum ZX81. It sounds awful, the accents are good than horrible (we seem to have one artillery maneuver leading us to tour the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), dialogue is stomped, editing does not exist, production values ​​prove that they were not spent no costs. Words can not really describe how bad this movie is; from the flag of the Union that flew from the terrible CGI'd Thunderchild (Royal Navy flying white rings, NO flag of the Union) to the breeding nest, it's just a crime against filmmaking. For example, when thinking about zero-budget movies that are available on a "Star Wars" net, the whole argument "we're amateur enthusiasts" goes straight out of the window. And if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie has a budget of 8 numbers! I can only assume that sloppy facial hair is not cheap in the US. The problem might be that Hines & Co. tried to make a movie from a book rather than turn a book into a movie (if it makes sense). Characters and add-ons stream literally, without trying to convey feelings behind words. It is ironic that the only person who even approached a good performance was Darlene Sellers, an ex-soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like a fool that Jeff Wayne does not go away and go look at the Spielberg version. Maybe it's not the truth of the book, but I can say it; As a lifelong fan of HG Wells (and also English), the Speilbergs movie is faithful to the Spirit of the Book. Perhaps the customs officers were mistaken and let me take this monster into the ground, but I say this: Timothy Hines stole three hours of my life and I want them back.
