When a friend gave me a boxed set of "12 amazing Scifi / horror movies!" I was, of course, a little cautious. But given that the item was a gift, I really do not really pay my sanity. After all ... movies for free! So what if they're a bit dewy. After much consideration, Alien Intruder was the first of these films. Ironically, it was the first choice because it looked the best of the pile. All I can say is, if it's the best of them, I shudder to realize what the rest is. <br /> <br /> There were some good things on the surface. Four actors I knew. Billy Dee Williams, Tracy Scoggins, Maxwell Caulfield, and Jeff Conaway. I said ... "Billy and Tracy were in some good science fiction (Star Wars and Babylon 5, respectively) so they would not sign up for turkey. Max is a veteran soap artist who never managed to get into the movie ... but Jeff ... well ... he did good and bad when it comes to movies and television. "I soon realized that Jeff decided to add" ugly "to his repertoire of films. The first mention was in the opening scenes. Jeff roared his way with taste through "I'm a mad" scene before he finally kills. Fun acting, really. Unfortunately, it is without a great exaggeration at the top of the film. From there it goes downhill. Next, we have Mission Commander (Williams), who is sent to see what happened to Jeff and his crew busy when he picked out his new crew from the ranks of a criminal element. But this assortment is not so dirty Dozen - like Unconvincing Foursome. In addition, one of those computer hacker crimes is displayed in your cell that works on a laptop computer. Is not it just like letting a killer in a gun shop? Pretty lame jail if you ask me. When the effects are finally removed, they are really terrible. It looks like the spacecraft model was knocked in the afternoon by a few bored eight years, who had the rest of the Airfix kits. <br /> <br /> But the horror does not stop there. While on the way to the area where Jeff's ship has disappeared, the criminal crew is rewarded for their good behavior by bringing them a virtual reality in their weekends, in which they commit their male fantasies. All good and good scenes from their imagination serve as an introduction to the "Alien Menace" that begins to appear there. But did they have to pull it for it so much sooooooo loooooong? Alien Intruder? Alien Boring, alike. <br /> <br /> Eventually they get to the G-Sector, and a strange presence causes them to fight against themselves because of their affection until only old old Max is left. The ending, in a really optimistic movie vein, suggests the sequel - as if! Also in this movie is a character that I will dub "Sweatdroid". It is supposed to be an android, but it was seemingly lost to the make-up crew, which gave him a feeling for every occasion. But do not worry, it's where the numerical points appear at the end. <br /> <br /> Williams and Scoggins are true and very little in the movie. They just barely stay awake, let alone eat. And as I mentioned earlier, Jeff soon embarked on trips, so his man-size must not allow him to enlighten so much. Max tries as well as some other cast members, but the movie is just terribly cruel, to be honest. One and only the half-conspicuous thing that this film offers is a convention for naming ships. They are all named after the musicians - Holly, Presley, Joplin. The rest of the film is light and immaculate. In 1992, I thought it was one of those eighty-eighty years when I first looked. It seems like bullshit movies are still being made in the 90s, it seems. <br /> <br /> It is best to avoid it. Even in a beer film, this movie is smelly, but at least you can move it forward, I suppose.
