As usual, on IMDb, voting mostly instead of "weighted average" is far to show the value of the film's entertainment. In this case, the majority gives "one". How are they right? To begin my review, I first admit that I'm totally insignificant about why this movie is called "Alien Intruder." It includes space and even "extraterrestrials" (I suppose), but there is no rhyme or reason (at all), because there is no real plot or distinctive ability I can do anywhere. /> <br /> There are quite a few scenes that are so disgraceful (both with regard to lines, timing, and how they talk) that it goes far beyond the weird feeling you get when watching similar really bad movies. I have no idea about that part near the beginning, where it seems that the electronic Bugs Bunny is moving a little. "The conspiracy" refers exclusively to the space space known as G-Spot, I apologize, I do that the G-Sector ... and the virtual reality program infected with some foreign virus. I think it's extraterrestrial because an otherwise normal Ariel picture appears as a photographic negative. For most of the movie, we see that people are shot with space weapons, they look from loft and seemingly infinite, unnecessary shots "Where is Ariel?", "Can not find Ariel" (unnecessary, since most other shots contain, in any case, interaction with Ariel) computers. Commander Skyler (Billy Dee) sits and follows every imagination of VR convicted programs who hope to find this Alien virus and become with it ... ??? Or maybe I missed something ... Billy Dee Williams made several courses a few years ago about how to act in despair. We know this because he spends a lot of time with his fingers on his face and looks mournful. The docking scene with the nose of one boat that goes to the back of the other was the smallest half-world, and in addition to laughing in addition to the early scenes, where we see some ship shots because it turns only in a circle, it looks like an experiment from Lego. die in this movie, so why bother? Even the VR women are killed as if it meant something (especially because everyone else is dying ...) ... outrageous. Because the money I save on food is not about wanting to return the money that I paid for this DVD. The dollar I saved on a bag of vanilla wafers paid for this reviewer's time. <br /> <br /> I add that the story itself, at least as a novel and with much greater detail, might probably be quite interesting with the right author. <br /> <br /> 1/10
