One of the weaker adventures of Carry On sees Sid James as the head of a criminal gang stealing contraceptive pills. The fourth series to be located in the hospital may be the smallest genre. In the whole space there is a curiously flat feeling, with all seemingly wasted on the mats. It is far from the late 1970s, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. are all class artists without being given the support of a scenario equal to their abilities. Most gags are rather episodic, because Carry Ons are usually. So instead of the traditional hit and miss ratio, if you do not find the funny joke, you're the first to have the majority of the movie on it. These continuous conspiracy of sources include Williams? for no good reason? is afraid of changing sex, and Kenneth Cope in turn. Just as a physical pratt sinks, the whole thing feels more fanciful than in other movies and is lacking in the interest of casting. Continuing this topic, Matron lacks the usual puzzle and random format, very much choose to characterize and follow to provide humor. In fact, a rather small series of misunderstandings and forced circumstances reminds Terry and Jane again ... so it is advisable for Terry Scott to be present and unnecessary. Some dialogue exchanges have a bit of an old spell, like Scott and Cope: "And what a little drink?" "Oh, no, no, I've never touched her." "So cigarette?" "No, I've never touched them." "That leaves you only one thing." "I have never touched myself either." This means that even though he is a funny man in his own right (you get used to the end of the sweetest episode of Randall and Hopkirk), you feel that Cope is not quite needed for the self-parking of Carry On ideology, and that Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a sister would be much more fun. This is actually happening, in part, though only in the last fifteen minutes. Williams attempt to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey is hiding in the closet is a pure socket of a farce, but it lacks the irony to turn it off. Williams's description of premarital relationships is invaluable: "You do not just have to go to the store and buy enough for the whole room, you rip off and try it first!" "That may be so," Jacques says, "but you will not hold me to the wall." Williams really comes to life in his Hattie scenes, and you can never be bored to hear a song of sand whenever someone accidentally flashes their panties. Carry On Matron is in no way crushed by a standard film.
