I saw this film version of the classic novel R.D. Blackmore as a substitute until the release of the A & E version in 2001. And what a bad substitute it turned out to be !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!!!!! The actors are mostly wooden (with Sean Bean excepted) and "romance" looks forced and conceived. In fact, there is no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doon (or Lady Dugal, depending on what you prefer) and Carver Doone's evil is not mentioned or extended. Here we do not have a great look at Carver, or why he has some romantic feelings for Lorne. This film captures many key and interesting characters of the novel, such as Counselor Doone, and John's loud tongue of the youngest sister, Lizzie, who was critical of the plot. The scenario itself is lacking in conviction. Political intrigue is also not in the scenario. The way Lorna was made with Doones is not true of the original story. Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (observe Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but you find him as a stationary and stoic and long hair (maybe a bad wig) just does not suit him !!!! Polly Walker is a beautiful and perfect actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, where she also devotes to Sean Bean) but seems to be colorless and insignificant. He has lips on his lips that makeup can not hide, and costumes do not look authentic. Late Robert Stephens makes a decent turn as Sir Ensor Doone, though he only refers to Lorna as his favorite rather than his granddaughter, which she was supposed to be in the book. It also seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their roles (maybe it is makeup) and the landscape is brown, cold, gray and barren without so much hint of the sunny sky. I understand it is located in southwestern England, but there is green and it gets sun! The expression of Tom Faggus and his "death", which does not happen in the novel, makes the film even worse. A positive note is Sean Bean's performance as Carver. Although he did not even get involved in the A & E film on Aidan Gillen's portrait, Bean makes one of the worst thieves. In short, watch this only if you have to kill a few hours, but do not expect anything to be excited or true for the novel. Check out any other version (but I recommend film A & E) over this tired adaptation.
