Probably I did not have great expectations of "Corky Romano". But again, who did it? But I felt that it deserved the benefit of doubt. I had no hope of "Joe Dirt" - another recent comedy playing a SNL cast member - and I ended up pleasantly surprised. But this movie is just as bad as it looks in the previews. Chris Kattan is a truly talented comic actor - unlike what you can think of watching this movie - with great energy. He was in many fun SNL skipps and I think he is one of the most talented SNL cast members. In this case, he gives him a lame, insignificant screenplay and tries to fix every scene with his constant exaggeration. In every scene, he tries to act Jerry Lewis and fights unhappily. Jerry Lewis knew how to pull out this kind of physical comedy, not to mention he worked with much better writing. Kattan just looks like some unconscious fool with ADHD who had too many Cafe Lattes. He did not even expect to avoid it. it is assumed that we all laugh as soon as he starts jumping like a monkey to a crack. In one scene, he ends up with a terrible match with a dog that has a cocaine pack in his mouth. Packaging will explode and cocaine will shatter. He returns to work, pulls himself out of the coke. And now, how do we have to make ourselves comfortable with acting hyper and on edge when doing the same thing throughout the movie? <br /> <br /> As for other cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is lost in an unusual role, and so is Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also useless, though he has several fun lines that I'm sure he improvised. I hope Falk soon gets a decent movie. That's too much talent that's too useless on a horn like "Corky Romano". I did not like Falk's last film "Made" so much, but at least he played a decent role. <br /> <br /> I laughed a few times, but I could not just laugh. Each gag is done without feeling timed or delivered. And it was aggravated by the Kattan hammam. And there are certain gags that are persistently drawn. For example, when Kattan is about to break into the face of his two brothers. She stands there for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to get away, and when she finally does, it's a bit tricky. It's bad enough when you have a gag that is funny and pulls it, but when you have a brittle gag and you pull it out, it's much worse. Another example of this is when he tries to translate what these two Asian men say during a drug bust. I can continue what is happening with this so-called comedy, but I do not waste time. As I said earlier, if you predicted bad things from trailer - you predicted correctly. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (out of 10)
