Why is the movie so bad? Well, if it's so stupidly annoying and unfortunate is the reason, then it's the movie. The character of Corky Romana is at best unpalatable and in the worst case enrages. Gags are predictable, but that's not what's wrong. These are chaotic predictable jokes your unhappy friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is a mild maneuvering veterinarian who is trying to do the right thing but is so clumsy. His quiet life is worthy of a loop when the family that once turned him away now needs to get into the FBI's infiltration to destroy the trail of family history. However, it's not so easy for Corky, because the FBI is convinced he's a super agent, and he feels the duty of spying on his own family. Losses and mutilations flow, but they really do not feel any comic hijixn there. Corky ends up in love with his fabulous FBI partner and has to set a record straight with the FBI and his family if he is to settle back into a quiet life. I think what makes this movie irritating is both an actor and predicted jokes. Chris Kattan reveals his disturbing limitations as an actor and his actor as his one note routine slapstick falls flat about 10 minutes into the movie. It's okay to have a complete movie based exclusively on silly, tattoo humor. Will Ferrel, Kattan's SNL partner, seems to have exhausted her full career. The only difference between Katt and Ferrell is that Ferrel knows when to tint and rely on other ways to say a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in Katan's routine. It's hard to hear twice the same joke, but the whole movie is pure torture. The second problem with the film was the lack of truly original and FUNNY jokes. A homosexual brother, an unpleasant guy, and many other jokes that do not remember, do not appear as fun as the first time you laughed with him. The screenwriters seem to have a lot of fun time to watch. Even with an actor who has some comic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), jokes that are getting tired. There is no chemistry either. This film was obviously one for actor handkerchiefs. He did not seem to like it or even try it. The sad thing is that Chris Kattan's body did not do that.
