Save $ 8.97 at Walmart to buy this DVD and see a real movie by director Steven Spielberg. I'm a filmmaker and I'm a fan of HG Wells, I had to buy it hoping to sit down and watch three hours of good fun. Instead, it took four days for me to watch because I could not stand watching more than 10 minutes at a time. It's scary. There are reports that Timothy Hines had a $ 20 million budget for this production. Where the hell did she do? Has he used most of it to buy a new house? Financing his retirement? Or what? Let me start with what is really good about this movie. It holds books and there are several good performances in it. I can respect actors who apparently tried to make a good movie. But good performances were quickly overshadowed by terrible ... and I mean terrible special effects. Any student from the first film school could do a much better job with CGI. For me, most of them looked like a card stop, which was used rather than a sophisticated CGI software that would benefit from a $ 20 million project. There is no justification for amateur postproduction that has been applied to this film. My own partner and I sat down and re-created our version of the Ferry scene using software that cost less than $ 1500.00, and within one day had five minutes of a scene that looked better and more realistic than what Hines had created. I've seen movies with budgets of less than $ 2 million look better. Much better. In my opinion, the special effects used in the original King Kong were much more sophisticated and better than Hines' special effects in this film. In fact, I was much better off on the Killer Tomatoes attack due to this film. There is no excuse with today's technology for a film that would look like the 50th B-Movie movie if it was not an intention that should not be with this particular project. The problem I had with DVD transmission was that the film was jerky, another demonstration of amateur film. Overall, I have to say that in 2003 I created a $ 45,000 project with better cinematography and special effects than this movie. /> <br /> I strongly support anyone who appreciates good filmmaking, or who is a fan of WOTW, to leave this film on a shelf and watch Attack of 50 Foot Woman instead. It would be easier for your eyes.
