Although I have heard that Cama de Gato is the worst Brazilian film of decades, I watched it give it a chance; after all, the first director / producer / writer Alexandre Stockler managed to make his debut (shot in video) for just $ 4000 and - although it looks even cheaper - I can not imagine everything he went through in theaters without big sponsors or production companies behind it (then when I watched I realized why). But no matter what opportunities you are ready to give "Cama de Gato", it will be reduced to zero within ten minutes: it is an incredibly absurd, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray Brazilian youth from the upper middle class as a bunch of broken Neo- Nazis focused on bad sex, drugs and violence (and they are used to look like closed gay men), made without the visible trace of talent, imagination, expertise or concept of structure. Visually and phonetically, it reminds you of the worst amateur stuff you find on YouTube - it only lasts for nine minutes (count'em) of unwavering hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even fun - bad. <br /> <br /> We all have seen this story: Bored young people want to have fun, go to the party, take drugs and everything goes wrong - it's rape, spanking, murder, accidental death (falls down the stairs !!) the mother of one of the boys, culminated in the boys who decided to burn the corpses of the girl and mother in the garbage dump. Moral and literal garbage, will you get it? The film is heavily influenced by Larry Clarke (especially "Kids" and "Bully"), but Clark's films - albeit moralistic and sexploitative - are top championships compared to this bullshit. <br /> <br /> And I did not think it was such a monomania drive to the filmmaker to keep his ideas on the throat of the audience: Stockler catches us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop moralist to get into our brain repetition and exhaustion - you get dull, with screaming, screaming, awkward direction, shaky camera and horrifying storyline. The composer does not care about the technique (image quality, framing, sound recording, audio tracks, dialogue, sets, edits, etc.), but it is a narcissistic controlling angry: anticipates criticism by adding subtitles with smarti / cutie comments, and by protagonists commenting at one point on how far-fetched and fake it all is (I could relate to THAT). In spite of his megalomaniac ambitions, Stockler seems unable to provide us with a minimal visual or narrative structure - nor can he decide whether lucky realism (handheld video camera, etc.) or stylization (repeating scenes, using alternative shots, etc.). Damn, he can not even decide where to put his camera (there's a use of a subjective camera for Three Words)! The dialogue contains some of the most stunning banal eloquence ever; a plot exists just to justify the deep hatred of the director for his characters and what is worth. All you see is a filmmaker who is hateful, preaching, condemning and moralizing without using minimal talent (or technique). He is very disappointed to find Caito Blata in this mess. Surely one of the most promising young film actors in Brazil with his sleepy eyes puppy dog ​​looks and the emotional edge, which often resembles Sal Mineo's, Blat can be highly effective in a good direction (as in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir "). Here it is said that he has to go over the top and have to play with some of the most embarrassing "actors" in the recent memory. It also enters the risky sphere of graphic sexploitation scenes (so wild that they look more like web-cam porn). The film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) High School Youth - Stockler wants us to take these interviews as "proof" of what he is trying to preach in fiction. But he reluctantly despises and rejoices in his conversations, chooses the height of horrific, racist, sexist, silly statements (which shows that there are assholes everywhere). Stockler wants to prove that middle-class Brazilian youth are all present or future fascists because they are middle classes and are enjoying recreational drugs (says all neo-fascists are drugs) Or do drugs potentialize fascist behavior? do not say). <br /> <br /> Thanks to his dogmatic self-esteem, headache and boring technique, Cama de Gato is bad for 1,000 reasons, but it is particularly damaging: it casts a strong argument on Brazilian cinema. "Cama de Gato" is best unusual, not mentioned, buried and forgotten.
