We all know what it is when we have a bad day in the office, right? Well, this comedy by Neil Simon looks at what it is when you have the worst of all days, just trying to get into the office. Sometimes it's just not worth it, you know what I mean? And sometimes they do not want to do something about it when it was done before, in 1970, with Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis ... and much better too. It's not like Steve Martin is a miserable comedian or bad for a role like harassment and stress advertising ad; in both cases. And it's not so that Goldie Hawn is just as awkward; her work has always been good, if not great, since I first saw her on television by Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In in the 1960s. The problem with this film is that it's not about the unfortunate couple at all: is it really about New York and why should everyone live in New York and love their lives in marital bliss? something? in the largest city in the world. That's when you are a New Yorker ... Look, the 1970 movie is still an excellent comedy that has realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you're out on a trip and include most of the situation and the sight you can imagine what can happen in a strange environment. Unfortunately, this version of 1999 comes into unreasonable touch, specifically for an audience that expects or wants to see excess. For example, he is not satisfied with the star's appeal of the main players, there is a curl (also relatively long) from Rudy Giuliani, then the mayor of New York, as we all know. What? So, Giuliani, too, for the president? Worse? Walking to talk advertising for the loving face of New York City. And then we have John Cleese, repeating his role as Basil Fawlty? but this time, like a prancing cross-dresser also ?? looking at hotel staff, sycophantic sucking to wealthy customers, and generally looking like an idiot in this role. And during this process, he does a great deal of damage to Fawlty Towers, probably the best British comedy series, bar none ... Why was this 1999 film produced? In the 1970s, New York was in many ways a dying city. It was almost literally in bankruptcy. So in 1970, it was the city you saw: gloomy, dark, moody, disturbing, and not a place where the bored couple finally decided for their new life together in the Big Smoke (as it was polluted and everything). By 1999, things got better: the glitz was back, New York thrived, it was a great apple, ready to bite you if you had a moxie ... So, of course, a couple in this second coming will find out that the moxies inside and finally join the wonderful fray to continue the American Dream of Life, Freedom, and Efforts of Happiness. This movie is really funny, but not for reasons that producers might have imagined. Like Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn in comedy, this movie is much better than what happened to the great Jack Lemmon. If you've seen it, you're definitely not interested in it.
