Accurate review of Norimbursk must consider the door to history that was unintentionally opened with the film "Valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) finally tells the world that during the Second World War German resistance, professionally organized with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to throw a Nazi political regime, installed a new chancellor, closed the concentration camps. These unknown absolute heroes have never received help from the allies who helped the French resistance right next door. Historic writers have since used an institutionalized agenda to conceal the ally evil that cost many tens of millions of lives, and anyone who is conditioned by believing deception that the German people have fully supported the Nazis, and therefore deserved a 24-hour bomb genocide and " unconditional surrender "was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> German enigma codes were broken by English scientists in 1943 as much as what the Germans did was known. During 1943, the Germans developed new fighters and jet bombers by companies including Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. Even if the Nazis were expelled and the German resistance was successful, the allies would not allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-controlled rockets without the US having the first! Here is the relevant institutionalized agenda. As a result, German resistance did not help the Allies at all, although they always had the key intelligence to exclude Adolf Hitler. The coup d'état of 20 July 1944 demonstrates that the Germans have made considerable efforts to achieve peace. Instead, the Germans got to the end of the "unconditional surrender" and the 24 hour bombardment of saturation in the program to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientist from the Germans and include complete ownership through "unconditional surrender". It was a sophisticated allied agenda that allowed the war to keep and keep the Nazis in power to justify a 24-hour bombing, but it took it a year after the Allied armies got to Germany to steal the world's largest technology and the barrel gun scientist. However, tens of millions of people died because the Allies abandoned German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The Allies imposed a "unconditional surrender" on the Germans as a pretext for completing the ownership and control of German property and government, and it was done without using the German resistance to overcrowding the Nazis. The Allies wanted to steal the world's largest technology and scientists from the Germans to achieve world technological superiority. As a result, everything else was ranked second in the evil allies' agenda, killing millions of German people in a 24-hour bombing; concentration camps remained open; the war was prolonged and led to a "cold war" with weapons based on German industrial successes, technologies and scientists carried away by the Germans in the Second World War. The war crimes trials of 1946 in Nuremberg were public relations fraud and mass murder committed by the Allies as retrospective justice against the Nazis. It was a smoke screen that concealed the evil and greedy allied programs of world technological domination rather than helping the German resistance to overthrow the Nazi political regime. Tens of millions of people died as the Allies abandoned German resistance on the agenda, but they paid compensation to German Chiefs of Staff who paid for their lives in Nuremberg war crimes or not, even though the allies committed genocide to achieve world technological superiority.
