This word "True" in the title of this movie was ringed by bells. They noticed louderly when the title card referred to the American Civil War as a "war between states" (environs preferred by southern hard people). Jesse James - a thief, slave holder and killer - is described as a quiet, gentle farm boy. How dishonest is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, much less of the documented fact that Jesse James's poor, widespread mother owned slaves before the war, and that Jesse and his brother Frank actively struggled to maintain slavery. According to this film, all civil war soldiers have really fought to decide whether Missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's all. (Missouri: It's a mint of candy! It's a mint!) Black people are completely absent from this film, except for two flashes of a pair of beggars, one of them carrying "HELP THE FAT", which is very improbable, handwritten. (Some footage of nineteenth-century newspapers is also inaccurate, with 20th century scripts.) This film has a special structure of memories. There is a very impressive stunt ride (and some great work on stunt horses) and a great fit. I did a series of dialogues: "Some of the boys will never drink beans again." The film captures several facts: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mother, hides her right hand backstage after Pinkerton's agent (Remington), in which the mother Jesse James actually lives, suffered a wound requiring the amputation of her lower arm. Some errors here are justifiable: during his bushwhacking days, the real Jesse James accidentally shot some of his left middle finger, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) does not have a stumpfinger. I saw a photograph of Jesse James's real wife; if it looks half as glamorous as Hope Lange looks in this movie, Jesse James could stay home more. There is plenty of revisionism and most male actors wear hair styles of the 1950s. But many mistakes in this movie could be avoided. It is mentioned several times by mentor Jesse James William Quantrill, but all actors incorrectly explain his name. We see Jesse and his wife moving into a complicated two-story house (where they soon die) after paying the rent of $ 18. In fact, Jesse James's last residence (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St Joseph, Missouri) was a simple one-storey cottage and rented for $ 14. It was not the upper floor ... so when Jesse James was killed, his wife could not run up, as Hope Lange did. (It was actually in the kitchen.) One continuous mistake: Robert Wagner (without pair of stuntmen) is doing an impressive job of taking a slug into the jaw and falling while his hands are tied behind his back ... but when he gets up, the rope that binds his wrist , disappeared. The script makes some weird and unnecessary juggling of data. After attempting a Northfield heist, Jesse says he expects to return home for his birthday. The current raid by the Northfield Bank James Gang (Sept. 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe it means our next birthday.) Later we see Jesse and his wife moving to their St. Joseph's home for a great summer day while Jesse tells her what she plans to do when Christmas comes ... but in fact, Mrs. and Mrs. Jesse James moved to this house on December 24, 1881 ... and this scene should * be * on Christmas Eve! These errors were completely ruled out. Some of the fictions do not make sense here. According to this film, the Northfield Bank attack failed because one (fictional) follower lately cut the telegraph wires. If it really did, it would really prevent James Gang's escape ... but that would not affect the robbery itself, which for other reasons failed. Jeffrey's good performances are Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (as Cole Younger), and the acting scene of Marian Seldes in a rare role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, a normally undervalued actor. Elsewhere Wagner proved his impressive range of convincing images of heroes, villains and morally ambiguous characters. He does not seem to be able to decide whether to present Jesse James as good or dirty ... so he does not bother much. John Carradine calls his performance in a short role as a fictional pianist who bids Jesse and his wife at a wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, the Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a supplement. Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt Robin Hood was also Robin Hood, but that's another story.) There is no single documented instance of Jesse James that would ever share a prey with anyone other than his family. After some of his attacks, he did not even separate with the other gangs. In this film, Jesse is shot dead after he promises to give up his bandit forever. In fact, the night before his death, Jesse James and the Ford brothers stole the horses that Jesse planned to use the following day in the plight of Platte's bank. As a preparation for most of his robberies, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor people who (allegedly legendary) were reportedly the recipients of his pleasure. I scrawled on a scene in which the fictional Jesse James is so portrayed that he does not agree with an oil painting that nicely portrays acts. "True story (not much!) The story of Jesse James is deliberately dishonest about a thief murderer and equally dishonest civil war. For a very impressive stunt work, a good fit and a few fine acting drawings, I rate this obscene dishonest movie 2 points out of 10.
