Before I make Spike Leu a disorganized film SUMMER SAM that would deserve a fight, I would like to make one thing clear. I'm not going to make this film simply because of its abundance of unusual and unpleasant images. What makes this film so inconsistent is the fact that Lee seems to believe that LETO SAM should be taken seriously as a socially instructive drama. For example, Quentin Tarantino's crime films are full of violence, fury, and other daunting ones, but they are very attentive, as Tarantino does not attempt to pass these films as socially redeemed artwork. He knows that such films have only entertainment value. On the other hand, serious dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST are often unpleasant to watch, but the inconvenience serves to develop film and character, in order to gain the viewer's emotional involvement in the story and characters on the screen. SUMMER SAM, unfortunately, breaks his own sensations and confusion, even though he believes he serves as a social commentary just like other epics. <br /> <br /> SUMMER SAM does not serve as a serious drama, because his characters are only stereotypes carved from cardboard. His plot aims to show the emotional impact of the hysteria on Son Sam's murder on the predominantly Italian-American northern Bronx neighborhood where the murders occurred. However, rather than posing a diverse mix of personalities, Lee simply steps out every negative Italian stereotype you can imagine. Men are unconscious, lazy, supernatural goombas. The women are divided between the weak, satisfied "good girls" (Dionna Miry Sorvino) and the promiscuous "bad girls" (Ruby Jennifer Esposito). It seems that Lee furiously wants to "redeem" Hollywood for his years of negative African-American stereotypes by omitting his own stereotypes, and little critics seem to care about it. For example, if Martin Scorsese would represent the inhabitants of the African-American Quarter as a bunch of stereotypes, Amos Andy and Aunt Jemima, critics would rightfully condemn such spectacular stereotypes. Even more importantly, one-dimensional stereotypical features undermine any movie that attempts to be a serious social commentary. Without exception, SUMMER OF SAM is excellent. However, acting is largely unsettled. Cast is either just going through the motions, or having little to do with the scene. In addition, there is considerable miskasting. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented, but Vinny's character seems to be an outdated, comic personification of John Travolta by Tony Manero from SOBOTNY NIGHT FEVER. And Michael Badalucco, a loyal "handsome boy" actor, is a bad miscast as serial killer David Berkowitz, he came across as fun rather than frightening. The only performance that is worth paying attention to is Adrien Brody as a rogue, but honest, neighboring Ritchie. The performance of Brody and typically stylish Lee cinematography are the only virtues of this film. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of ****
