"Why?" This simple question had to come to the mouths of every New Yorker during the 12 months of terror that David Berkowitz created in 1976-77. The same word will surely become the same confused question 22 years later when people leave theaters displaying trite and exploiting "Summer of Sam". Director Spike Lee is trying to knit the story of a pack of wrong criminals looking for a famous psychopath - who has paralyzed New York City for more than a year - with clear and graphic depictions of murders, demons inside Berkowitz's head, and frustration with the useless NYPD offender. It is a set of scornful losers who hear their own "barking dogs" because they live without love, honesty and humanity - not just Berkowitz. Lee hides an audience in almost every slide with "none of us is what it seems to be". Often criticized by a white organization, Lee maintains a stereotype by including a scene where Mira Sorvino plays a newly married couple with a fraudulent husband (John Leguizamo), hoping to have oral sex with a black man "at the back of a large black Cadillac." The Italian Mafia tells the black detective that the famous hunter Willie Mays is "happy." Lee even cares to deliver the racist fairy tales of a middle-aged black woman who says, "I'm happy it's a white man who kills all these white people because if it was a black man who would kill all these white People - Rebellion in NYC History. "This film has no soul, purpose, or passion, other than a brilliant opening lady in the discotheque (reminiscent of the footage of Martin Goodrich's" Goodfellas "or Orson Welles" The Third Man "). Overlooks characters on the screen that are rid of human decency. Though they do not know anything about the real victims of this terrible spree, Spike Lee seems to say that New York City has earned what it deserved during the terrible summer bout two decades ago. "How could anyone do such a confusion in his beloved city?" "How could any such hatred for his neighbor?" <br /> <br /> Are these suitable questions for Berkowitz or Lee? <br /> <br /> You decide.
