After hearing an oral word about how bad the movie is, I dived and bought a DVD. This means that everything previously mentioned about this movie is true. For a movie that said it has a budget in millions, it does not appear on the screen at all. A list of film problems could last forever. The main one is that the movie is just too long. It takes a few minutes for 3 hours. For almost an hour, she might have been cut off if the editor just removed the excesses of scenes that are not just about what the main character is, who wanders aimlessly. <br /> <br /> Second, as many of the 'trailers' have highlighted, the special effects are nothing but special. Tripods looked fine in a few snapshots, but it was all in the 1970s or 1980s. Probably the worst effects were the horses that moved back and forth during the move. The effects on the rays were ridiculous because people were reduced to bones that were still able to get out of their muscles. Just as pitiful was the Thunderchild sequence, in which Thunderchild, described in the book as a lamb, did not see anything like that. Instead, it resembled the World War I destroyer, complete with firearms (which fired but had no visible crew) and torpedo tubes. <br /> <br /> The colors and backgrounds were just as bad as the effects. Most of the laughter was the scene in which the main character and his wife went on a night walk and Mars showed her in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and the landscape around them are wide daylight. Between the true landscape bought in full sunlight and the fake black night sky with too big fuzzy stars is also a very sharp demarcation. There was no point in the deterioration of the color of the scenes. Some bathed in orange light. In other green light. In others, it's blue light. In some cases, the exterior sides are orange-lit, but the interiors of the houses are green or blue. Framing frequency and camera are very restless, so everything is stuttering. <br /> <br /> Finally, acting is a sub-par. One person portrays two characters whose only difference is that he lacked a mustache. This has led to occasional confusion about who he was and where they were all. English accents, even American ears, are outrageous. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie could hardly claim to be the worst film ever released. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other recent flops, but this, because it's bad quality in every respect, must be a bit worse than anything the Hollywood mainstream has launched. I would not have been surprised if the film came to bottom 10 or 20 in the IMDb rankings. It's a shame that the Mystery Science Theater is not yet.
