Horror movies can be a lot of fun with low budgets, bad gambling and some panache. I think the film is simply missing, because after one crazy boring scene behind the other people they make mischievous mistakes in their hands. If it was not so boring, it could be funny. Horror film can go a long way with a tired concept such as "high school kids in a haunted house", just like the evil Dead Movies with lots of fun with a similar standard plot. Hallow's end, unfortunately, is not a long way to go. In fact, it does not go anywhere. It restrains part of the lesson and creates helpless and anonymous characters with what looks like an endless interpersonal drama. I have nothing against character development, not even in horror film, but they are uniquely one-dimensional characters (alpha-man, milquetoast, ... um ... revealed characters that exist mostly for sexual scenes.) Expenditure for forty plus bloodless, crushing minutes it was more terrible to them than when bloodshed began. Well, that meant bloodshed. When colleges change into what they wear, like in their haunted house (one is a vampire, one is wearing a nut and some white pancakes), they look pretty much the way they did in their costumes of a haunted house; The Dead Hate The Living, similar to the motif, is a comparison. There is no really gore that we should not talk about or there are no real fears. I've been thinking about it from almost every approach. If it were to be a tight, exciting horror movie (which would explain why things were moving so slowly), pathetic sexual scenes and cheap monsters would have devalued it. If it were to be a true horror movie (which would explain the slogan) ... where is blood and intestines? And antiklimax is one of the uncontrollable ends of the movie I've ever seen. It is such a film that, even if the film does not have a narrator, is busy, because all the senseless dialogue was simply not enough. It was hard ... it comes out of it, I wonder if I just sat over a Christian horror movie. Perhaps "I know hell exists" was not meant in this direction, but there are some hints (or bad routing - I'm not sure what). For all the absurdity in the movie, the line looks like "gosh-darnit" a little absurd, and so most crusaders worship, fear of God and Satan - scary, especially after some pheasant sex scene (one heterosexual, one lesbian. /> If it is a Christian society (the Highland Myst logo even has a bit of a crucifix of similarity), then this film is heavy for an atheistic camp. The Almighty Being can not be such a bad filmmaker.
