*WARNING. SPOILERS CAN BE AHEAD, IF YOU CARE. <br /> <br /> Well, the basic prerequisite for this home movie in Texas is: Kolegové děti + Spookhouse + book of evil magic = spooky things. In practice, it means that a lot of time is looking at the time to find out how far this movie will be dragged. A lot of bastards, along with various girlfriends and volunteers, set up a charitable, haunted house. The project is presided over by a strongly repulsive nature, whose main goal seems to be a verbal and physical attack on as many members as possible. I hardly believed that anyone would try to work with this person in any function: it is nothing but crude and crude for all, including my girlfriend and friend. Regardless of this, children are attended by the local character and annual Pumpkin Jack champion, the older kitten described as the "Santa Claus of Halloween," which discards the rest of the props for the house, including a sinister book that prominently appeared in the irritating stroboscopic prologue (where the swarm of rodent cultists changed into mixing). Needless to say, some damn fool begins to entertain the book and eventually most of them become real, and the other remaining normal people must try to survive. There are good things in this movie, but not much: everything is well shot and make-up effects are decent. On the other hand, artists either undergo or drastically overcome; much of the plot has no meaning outside of "it happens to become" a series; there is hardly any musical score to talk about, just kidnapping tracks in the whole movie; and the movie takes an hour to really get anywhere. This last problem is best known: two-thirds of the 90-minute runtime are used to re-set characters. Tom is a handsome guy who dates back to Heidi's control rage, but he once went with Jill, who is now dating Dan, but she started dating Kira's girl wearing too many clothes. Dan is really a big lady, Gary likes playing jokes, and Steve & Lily likes to have a lot of sex. Things that could easily cope in 20 minutes or so continue until the lesbian "sex" scene (calm down, it's quite tame) let me look for a fast forward button. That leaves us for half an hour of horror-calories, the endings and the deep sleep of Pumpkin Jack, which I blame for the whole mess. If you do not get a deep discount on rent (and you've really seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelves and continue searching.
