I am sincerely convinced that anyone who thinks about the film should be exposed to this unsuccessful failure. As well as "Movies" by Edward Wood Jr. in the 1960s and 1970s, this film is a brilliant example of why real filmmakers spend so many energy transcripts, adjust their films, and adjust their special effects until you look right. This film is also a good argument for the pre-screening study. If Mr. Hines was forced to withstand the honest reactions of impartial audiences, he might have reduced 75% or walking / running / walking the scene and adjusted this film down to a more tolerable 90 minutes. <br /> <br /> Students of the film should see this film as an example of how dangerous it is that their work is "good enough". Every performance, every line of dialogue, every digital effect, every filter effect, and indeed every video shot expresses the danger of striving for a mere mediosphere. An early filmmaker may occasionally attempt to think "at least I did SOMETHING" or "completing this will be a success in itself." This film will help them understand how little the film can become. Critics may also benefit from seeing this film before copying the latest summer entertainment "the worst film ever made". <br /> <br /> Beginning writers can learn from this film how important transcripts are and maybe understand the need for transcripts. Also, beginning directors can learn the importance of a good screenplay and a degree of respect for how difficult it is to write a script that makes the audience feel emotionally compelled. Writers and directors who watch bad movie films of the week and think that "I can do better than THAT" can see from this film the idea of ​​how hard it is to actually produce the average results. <br /> <br /> I sincerely believe that this film can serve as an educational tool for novice filmmakers. Especially those who enter the craft in this contemporary post-Lucas and post-Spielberg environment. There is a reason why filmmakers appreciate their ability with special effects. The War of the Worlds clearly shows that not everyone can pull it. Some can not even come close to it.
