I've probably given this credit more than it deserves because it's Halloween, I was just at Knott's Scary Farm, and I was in the mood to watch a really shabby Halloween movie. one dollar. I usually go through such a movie to get to "good things," but I resisted the desire and I still was not sure why. From the opening shots, it was obvious that it was not a "real" movie, nor a movie B. It's more of a "horror" movie DeCoteau, like "The Brotherhood," which is filmed on a film about 50 cents half-feared that some of his muscular college students would grab, at the bottom or something). There were no shots (too expensive to set up multiple cameras) and flat lighting, but ... it's hard to determine. Something refreshing is when you look at the director with no money choosing a decent film. The fact that he does even decent work is commendable and this film has his share of merit - the acting is not bad, the photo is pretty good (if it's too bright to be frightening), there is some surprise, and the whole thing is a bit .. . somehow else. <br /> <br /> A lot of college students are (for some unknown reason) stuck in a warehouse where they decorate an annual haunted house. A haunted old man gives them a satanic book and accidentally raises the forces of hell. This has the effect that people in the haunted house who find themselves in costume are becoming what they are made of, causing a lot of chaos and human suffering. Along the way, we coped with the strangely complex and thoughtful relationship of lesbian relationships - it is interesting that this pair seems to be the most rounded in the movie. Yes, there is a sex scene, but it is not kind - or at least not so much as you would find in any legitimate lesbian movie that shows that they have sex. It is somewhat unusual that horror film has made time and effort without resorting to cheap abuse. <br /> <br /> Another thing that interested me was how she clearly tried to imitate "silly children who have sex and kill" the vibe of the 80th slasher. It's hard to take it because there are so many films that already exist, the genre was at the end of death. I'm not sure whether it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to enter this genre without irony, as if it were still a LIVE genre, but I appreciated it. that's why I sat down; sometimes you just want to watch the soulless, free-budget, "pro-effort" horror movie. There were really too many settings, insufficient gore, infinite plot, lost ends and clichés, and the unfortunate overall feeling of a movie that simply did not have enough money as a movie they imagined the producers ... but at least scenes with a haunted house were pretty cool. I would have paid to go to this haunted house if it existed, and did not mind paying the dollar to see it on the DVD, even if I had never looked at this. <br /> <br /> A possible spoiler **, but in the coffin it was a great and short business: "I was once claustrophobic, but I changed." All right, good.
