In this 'sequel' Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get it? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee, no?) But besides, it's all in common with another movie. Billy is no longer an actor. It seems to be in another country. He's more like a spy. He is the only cast member to return and sadly kill him to make way for new brother Bobby. It's sad that when Bruce dies, the film will die with him again. It was very badly done. They seemed to write a screenplay of how they were filming. The shot works for a while (it's not too obvious at first) but soon Bruce is always depicted in the dark all the time (firing light in one phase without having any other reason to hide the fact that it's not Bruce playing part). Sadly, when he dies, the film is changing. I can not wonder if they were filming the way they write, and maybe he's going to keep Bruce alive, but later he decided to kill him because it would not be probable, as Bobby would not appear until Billy was dead. It's hard to change the lead figure to half in the movie and Bruce is hard to watch, so it's hard to accept Bobby as a star. Bruce is never seen again in this movie. I think they should do it without Bruce, who has a deceptive role in this movie. People who hope to see a new Bruce Lee movie will be disappointed when they see that although he gives top-level billing, he only has an acting role. Even worst movies have at least one unforgettable bit. If this movie seemed to be about this movie, it's a scene in which Billy fights at kindergarten. Paradoxically, he does not even use Bruce Lee's record. Be aware of this more, more convincingly, they did so in no surrender. None of the other actors did anything unforgettable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) is never mentioned. My advice is to turn them off as soon as Bruce finishes writing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth watching. I was really sad that Bruce died. I do not see how a small budget like this could get enough money to use Enter The Dragon shots. It was a cheap way to try to pay for Bruce's name. It's an original one in Bruce's filmography. Luckily, no one has ever attempted such a thing again. 1981 was Bruce's last film appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but fortunately it is proof that Bruce's film career should remain alone.
