There are so many stupid moments in "Tower of Death" / "The Game of Death 2" that you really wonder if it's a spoof. Sometimes I thought I was looking at the sequel to Kung Pow rather than the Bruce Lee movie. To be honest, this movie has a bug that has to do with the 'Death Game'. If it is something else, it's more like the 'Enter the Dragon' sequel / remake, which includes many elements of this movie - especially true shots. Person Bruce Lee Billy Lo (apparently) is investigating the sudden death of his friend and encounters a film that has remained with a man's daughter. When the body is stolen during the funeral (!), Billy is also killed and is on his brother to avenge both male deaths. Tong Long stars as brother Bobby Lo and really does not have the charisma that has the film to bear. But his fighting skills are very good. Bruce Lee apparently appears with (no) deleted records just to get a link. Let's say filming is actually better off than in the movie "The Game of Death," but it does not stop the film from messing. Ok, so the games are really fun (I dare say that I mean blowing) and make the film at least observable. But there are plenty of scary elements in this movie that really test your patience. First is the supposed villain who lives on his palace grounds ... or is it a mental institution? Surely, Nutter eats raw game, drinks deer blood, carries a monkey on his shoulder and owns a pair of peacocks and lions (?!). This attempt to make him look tough and intelligent only makes you feel sorry - half of you expect someone to take him back to his room. In fact, this middle section is terrible, and when it comes to the scene of a naked sucker and a lion suit when I turned it away. But I finished the movie and I was glad I did, because the fighting scene towards the end (like "GOD") was the whole reason for watching. While the story is embarrassed, the event is very good and contains great choreography. But even the final is disappointing if it was a prerequisite. What we were told was that the death tower was a pagoda that was upside down and underground. It sounded great, like twisting Bruce Lee's original idea with different fighting styles at each level. Could it be the "Death Game" originally planned? No! The film was supposed to be called the "Death Generator Room" because it goes to the tower. Yes, there really were one or two "different" styles ... they were foil slices, lacy skin and silly monk. It's like never having been a dragon, because it was a bad imitation. <br /> <br /> It is worthwhile to look at the rapid pace of the fight, but so stupid that it sometimes hurts. If it was intended, then it's okay. However, it is worth re-creating a scene from "Enter the Dragon".
