Is it possible to give NO STARS? I suppose not. However, many stars of IMDb show this you just think of zero and you get my drift. The director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have a big budget compared to Spielberg's acting effort with the same material (which is said to be the most expensive film ever made), but that may not be an insurmountable handicap. I saw some amazing work done on a comparable chessboard ("The Soldier and the Saints" is a recent example). With hard work, integrity, and above all talent, it is certainly possible to realize the faithful rendition of Wells' novel - just for a fraction of what Dreamworks has spent on his "war in the world." Unfortunately, Hines failed in all of these departments. Even if Spielberg had his budget and Tom Cruise signed for the lead that his film would become as bad as this animal that happened to us, we did. Hines seems to be unable to tell the story. With digital video technology, it can record images and sound, but it shows the lack of ability to compose narration with what it records. The guy walks a lot on the ground. He speaks badly. He accepted English to another boy. Then he walks along the same lane, just this time he fired from the back to show he's coming back - clever, right? Walking and talking, it will happen for almost an hour. OK, I concede that one extended excursion from the main character house to a place on Horsell Common to show that there are considerable distances from one place to another could be useful (a student from the first year could make the scenario more economical and more aesthetic foundation successions than this, btw) but half a dozen? Back and forth, etc. And so on with some yakkita-yak between them. Notable. The only explanation for this unnecessary redundancy than the overall artistic reluctance is the desire to clear the miserably amateur work of CG for thirty minutes into something that could be offered as a feature film. Eventually, Martian fighting machines appear, and walking and talking are getting on and talking or screaming. Later, we start and dart for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, most dialogues will be lifted directly from the text of H.G. Wells; otherwise we would not know what was going on. But does not this mean that the whole kinematic affair illuminates the text to realize what words can not communicate? If the film relies on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how we feel, why bother? Why not make a radio game? Orson Welles made it a household name. However, Hines thinks he is a filmmaker, so he is happy with the mouths of the word and the swallowing meaning. Secondly, Hines was able to buy some CG effects of some kind for his film, but he has no idea how to use them. Now I do not have any untouchable sweet tooth for eye candy. I believe that good science fiction cinemas do not need dazzling technical effects. Some truly sci-fi scientists flourished virtually nothing. But "War of the Worlds" as a film requires some basic effort. Wells tells a story that depends on what you can see, hear, and even smell. Effects may not be complicated; they may even be crude (for example, wagon machines sliding over miniature streets, as seen in George Pal / Byron Haskins version 1953), but they must be treated well. Unfortunately Hines' effects are both gross and incompetent? Tripod Combat Machine Higher Than Tower Stomp Tower Beyond Making Noise Like Pogo Stick Jumping on Linoleum ?? Martian squidos, even though they oppress four times the gravity of their native world and tolerate without visible effort? skeletons totally excluded from the flesh and the muscles are triggering and screaming - the same damn horse and buggy greenscreens his way through the forefront a dozen times (turned left for the right occasion in the hope that we might not have noticed) ?? and the ad nauseum. The raw technique is forgiven. So you have a CG fire effect that is less than convincing? Okay, we can do it around. Do not use it too often and only show its flashes. The stomach of the female sequence looks more like a crushed plum? Throw away. It's not necessary. Are you saying your Martian flyer looks like a string toy? If you need to use it, continue, but please do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We get the worst-looking things that are used over and over again. I have to have 180 minutes, boy. We also have acting, or too much acting. Whether in a speaking role or simply paying that you die at the front, everyone in this movie makes his little heart out. Apparently Hines thinks he's getting a contract - he's running out! You, tremble behind this tree, let's have a real bout. Do you say he's agonizing? Nonsense, my grandmother can sleep better - However, cast as a whole and smell individually. They are not good amateurs. But it does not have to be fatal. Many good films were made with rancid acting. That's what the directors are. And the editors. Which brings another point? Who the hell did Tim Hines modify the cheese factory? If American butchers had a meat cutting experience because Hines is cutting the film, another hamburger would be fingers and no beef. In spite of the almost three-hour start time, a lot of things are missing from this movie - not sequences but individual frames that create a weird effect that is harmless to watch. Perhaps Hines' intention was to simulate the effect of hand-made cinematography from the 1990s. If he was, I can say he does not know how to do it.
