I would like to start by saying that I am not an anime fan (with a few notable exceptions) and generally I have a small opinion about so-called Otakus because they are so in love with their special cartoon markers that they mark each movie to play spiky hair, big- eyed characters as a work of art without having to deal with other more important factors such as plot. And no anime movie better represents this division between Otakus and people with a real taste than this elegant piece of waste, Fatal Fury: a film movie. As you can see through the glass, unmoving eyes of an octave, it's not enough to find a mistake in Fatal Fury - there's a lot of special Japanese humor, one on one duel, some "dramatic" moments and everything is beautifully drawn. But everyone else will turn off clichés, a predictable cliché plot, predictable characters that culminate in a concealed and predictable ending. The hunting scenes are exaggerated - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is, of course, intended as a marginal moment, but it is practically impossible for the dirty laughs of the scent of smelly laughter. And of course, Fatal Fury is not without the mandatory cartoon T & A - it is delivered with carefree giant breasted Mai Shiranui. And because Fatal Fury IS comes from a video game series of the same name (oh boy), we get to a series of nonsensical adventures in the form of popular characters with little or no action-dependent action (they are going through all the trouble of introducing Kim soon, just to get away from this movie completely) . This clutter of the film reaches its peak with an unintentionally false final battle, in which all the main characters will catch the omnipotent major villain in the one-on-one fight. This is something I always enjoy ... even if there are no battles in the tournament, they always happen as though they were, no matter how meaningless it is! <br /> <br /> Otakus always says how anime movies should be considered FILMS versus just cartoons and a disturbing part of the same people loves Fatal Fury. So would Fatal Fury be good if it was not an anime? The answer is a strong "no" - all the magic of this film, as little as it is, is found in real drawings. If Fatal Fury was not an anime, it would be worthy of the Mystery Science Theater episode 3000 if the show was still in the air. That's the key - it's nothing but a ridiculously bad B-movie in the form of an epic epic. If you are a fan of such bad movies that they are really fun, consider renting Fatal Fury (or catching it on a science fiction channel) because it is definitely one of them. If you have an otaku, please lift yourself and realize that 90% of the good things you are watching are garbage. Just like the others, buy Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but you do not even have to see this movie.
