Sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror movie is a signal of its size. Do I remember the nervous laughter from the audience when The Excorcist was released again? really nervous laughter. She convinced us that we were all scared that we all saw the voice of Satan coming from a twelve-year-old girl. In the 1972 remake of classical classic The Wicker Man, however, I thought this new Wickerman was as awesome as the character of South Park, Scuzzlebut, a friendly forest monster with Patrick Duffy TV on the leg, and a celery stalk for a hand that is a favorite hobby , is weaving a wicker basket. Three years ago, my friend in Hollywood told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage would make a remake of the film. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) was angry at me when I was famous for being a great actor by Nicolas Cage. I just did not think she could pull it off and unfortunately for the audience who were right. Gone is reality, excellent original music, originality, craze and great dialogue. Instead, we have clichés of horror films, influenced by acting and changes in acting that cause credibility to collapse. Like many of the countless Hollywood remakes, we have been flooded, and it has been felt like watching the 4th grade on the playground "Wickerman". The original film takes place on a remote Scottish island, where a Scottish police officer is attracted to find a missing young girl named Rowan Morrison. In a new turn, a California policeman (Cage) is lured to an island on the coast of Washington State by his former girlfriend to find her missing daughter. Sends a photo, and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl she's been trying to save in a fire crash recently. The crash continues to persecute him because the girl's body has never been found. Still, even after receiving a letter with her picture, this link is completely postponed as she heads north to help her ex-girlfriend find her daughter. He comes to find an island full of actors who pretend to be descendants of the Wiccans, many of whom seem to get back into the village role. And like a village, it's not long before you realize you do not have to worry about it. Neither blind invisible nurses who speak individually. I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make a lot of money on film often comes with a great deal of art. I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in so many movies today, is losing touch with the spell that the movie can be when it gets to the point where a chef prepares his snacks. We needed a bad re-make of the Wickerman, as if we needed another '9-11' movie. I'm beginning to wonder if Nicolas changed his surname from Coppola because he wanted it or because he was asking for it.
