If Edward Woodward was a movie that would watch this movie, then it would be what it would be in horror screaming. <br /> <br /> I'm sorry for people, but it's enough. We had Get Carter, Italian work, Alfie and now this. What are the similarities? No. It's no coincidence that three of the original stars Maurice Micklewhite and other stars of another great British actor. The main component of these originals is film britism. They did not want to impress them on Hollywood. They were surprising English movies with a unique charm / atmosphere that can not be replicated in the US. The word is CULT and what a better way to destroy a cultured film than to bastard it with a remake or even a sequel. <br /> <br /> Wicker 06 had a hard job before he even got on the road. Wicker 73 is even more mysterious than other cult films; reverses genre, intelligent scenarios, class A actors, music scores, sets that deny the description and all the stories surrounding the movie. So there comes a remake. Do not worry. No originals were damaged in this editing. Some of the main aspects of the story had to be adapted for the modern US - communications, paganism, virgins. But that's just about the whole assumption. So, we give the policeman a Nam-style trauma that is complete with the play of shock music videos for cheap fears. Then with no mobile phone mast on an island that handles communication - but in the real world it will not happen. The cops just will not disappear. Give him blood connections to motivate rather than clash of faith and you have a remake. Limestone thin, right? It's just that everything was laid with a trowel. Changes to the name were simply hamams, almost Carry On, there was no community sense on the island, no city center that would catch you, only a few houses touched the forest and it was. Willow was just annoying by not providing any information at all, and Cage was useless to let her escape. When he went to the well, you know he'll lock him up. The script was labeled to the end - and you just wanted to hurry up and finish. The epilogue was totally cheerful and did not know when to stop. <br /> <br /> This end is probably the best way to sum up the difference between the two. One ends in the most beautiful sunset for the worst day. The second ends with a post-production explaining-it-all-to-the-to-thick type of conclusion. He loved the original but went to an open-minded cinema and was thrilled to see the movie. I have been grateful to know that this film is likely to end up under the road somewhere, only this time mercifully forgotten forever.
