Wicked man made it impossible! He replaced a cat woman for the worst recent film in my film about the film. YES is really bad. It's so bad that when I sat down to write this review, I thought, "If I had the choice to see this movie again or I'd have red hot needles in my eyes," I can actually go to the red hot needles. > <br /> Neil LaBute created a rare movie where Joel Schumacher could sit down and say with comfort and blameless mind "Yeah, that's some bad direction right there." I think the first guide for me was to be a mark: "Some victims must be made". Perhaps it might sound like a bit of an ominous sinister line that will intrigate you, but the victim will be everywhere on the audience screen. Believe me, the people responsible for this film should be charged with a hate crime ... or at least with scams because they are trying to convey this as something like fun. Seriously! The film is about an island where men are just for breeding, and I'd rather be stuck on Gilligans Island, with only Condoleezza Rice's photos there. <br /> <br /> The most fun part about this movie was the guy who ripped the loudest foul I've ever heard in the cinema. It's not a joke, not a fiction. I've never been to the "thriller" and I've heard so much laugh in the whole movie. I can not tell you for sure if she laughs deliberately in some effort to lighten the film tension, or if they really think this raw material really is flying. I honestly found myself in the way of a power outage or perhaps to fight a blast in the cinema, anything to make it more interesting, which is quite sad since Deez, Powder and I pounded every beer in front of the film just for a bit of mental anesthesia the law will soon be before all Nic Cage films, write to your congressman today, do not deny). At one point, did I actually think this movie is really a spoof and Anna Ferris is going to show up? Oh, I want it. Nic Cage throws out so much ham on one frame I think about the cholesterol test done today. To think that I thought Sean Penn was a daughter for killing Nico's acting, is that still less than one? Yes, because of this movie, Sean Penn dropped. Do us all kindness Nothing plays your strengths and stick to pathetic losers and drunkards. You can not play a superman, you do not have to play a powerful massive role going straight to jail not to go to not collect $ 200. His best moments in this movie are when he finally comes to unhygate and in fact sets off a woman to steal a bear suit (like a fud, not a joke or a functional moment during this review), then he continues as amok like Conan O'Briana, with half the joy of the bear knocking his junk stuff around. Fortunately, he will meet his end shortly after he turns out to be the victim of the crowd for a new tour of the Burning Man and Lilith Fair hybrid shows. Yes!!!! I just ruined the end for you? And if you did not know anything better, you are building my sculptures in worship and singing songs to my legend. I was sitting in that stupidity, so you do not have to. About halfway through this little bad time, I thought Jack Bauer would pack this thing in real-time for 20 minutes. .OK 35 minutes if Kim initially attacks a mountain lion. Even Steve Martin, Inspector Clouseau, managed it in an hour, and you are Inspector Clouseau. If for some reason you are captured and you have a choice or take a bullet, take a bullet. Somewhere, Uwe Boll laughs at us all.
