Anyone who has commented negatively on this film has done an excellent analysis of why this film is so bloody. I did not want to comment on it, but the film really misses me and the writer / director in particular. So I have to throw in my hat to join the naysayers. I saw the original "Wicked Man" and really loved the horror of music, sensuality, paganism in the modern world, and the clash of theological beliefs. That said, I'm not part of a crowd who thinks they should not do remakes of great movies. For example, I liked the original "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" from the 1950s, but I liked the remake of 1978. Both films can stand in their own right. Another example is the "Case". The original, as it looks compared to today's standards, is very proud to be in the remake of 1982 with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror film). So a small minority of people who like "Wicked Man" can not blame me for being bullshit because it's re-make. This film has fixed for me the sexism of Neil LaBute and misogynist tendencies. He also wondered how leaders who wanted to make a serious thriller would have a green light product against women. There are too many scenes that Cage hit women just because they were frustrated by making it impossible to investigate the missing girl. will it respond like this on an island in other cases where the suspects will not come? The original was created by a society in which men and women are equal participants of a goddess religion. The threat of the main character came from every male and female. There was no sexual hierarchy. The metaphor of bees, drones, etc. It was a bit heavy and comfortable ("Drone must die!") Especially when Cage's character has bee allergies. I still wondered why the men did not care about the island and used a mere physical side to prevent these women from being treated like a wink. They were not women with special supernatural powers and half of them were apparently pregnant, the other half old and fat, the rest of the girl and the thin blondes wanting, so if men really wanted to escape, they could do what most men do when they hate women. Physically control them. There did not seem to be weapons or weapons above the cutting tools to keep them if they were unhappy. But if they were content with being drone, why can not they talk? They could be used as a threat to Cage as they will defend the community. They are drone because it seems that Neil LaBute believes that the company run by women would let the man castrated. (Which movie was already created by Stepford Wives?) Classic symptoms from men who are afraid of what can happen if women get their sh * t together and they are really equal citizens. with a man who hates a woman's company is that it makes unattractive watching movies and creates unintentional humor when Cage starts knocking the women out. I believe LaBute was supposed to leave society egalitarian, maintain sexuality and unlimited lasciviousness, and push for discomfort when it comes to children on this island. No one likes pedophiles or children to be sexually abused. Just how would a policeman react if he saw crazy acts done by adults with children in the neighborhood? There would be a logical leap that these children were being abused, and therefore urgency was created to save the missing child and get help for all children. LaBute said he had created a dream story about a fiancé and a daughter to make Cage's character motivated to search. I do not think you need it. Any abused child causes an adult to respond to rescue them. Ironically, of course, the child Cage "saves" will eventually bring death. Dialog was created and camped. The entire third act was merry. The audience I saw leaned forward (and later became angry at the end). I just thought the movie started bad when the letter arrived written in a fantastic manuscript, and all the obstacles were changing to show how Cage was injured. We do not need it. Just show him he's coming to the island to investigate the missing child. Most of us in America saw "Law & Order" and other police procedures. We're coming to the movie as if we were Cage's partner to solve the mystery. So much potential ... missed. Neil LaBute, keep talking, especially for people who enjoy your manic horror games and moves of that kind. Stay with your own company of men. Let thrillers for people who understand thrillers. Here is your spring honey. I am looking at it.
