At the moment I'm sitting and forced to finish it. I think I dropped 6 buxes on the VHS, it could also suffer. I remember that about four or five years ago, I searched the "War of the Worlds" on the Internet for the reasons behind Spielberg's story at the time, and in the 1990s I missed old television shows. It's clear on the website that it was a million-dollar release from a classic book. It will be a "perfect translation". Perfect CRAP is more attuned to this movie. <br /> <br /> First, the video on this movie was destroyed! It looked as if I were watching Full Motion Video from the early mid-1990s or the Playstation CD-Rom. Unfortunately, the quality of the colors was similar. The actor makes the classical "dramatic pause" of the Shatners, who match Shakespeare's view of quality. CG rendering of different scenes was scary, and green screens were worse than those they had seen in the old scenes of Dukes of Hazardd. Secondly, it is slow and terribly exhausted. I sat over 45 minutes of videos (not at the start of any promo) before the cylinder was actually opened to reveal the first foreigner. Then the alien was terribly built CG squid. Now I'm an hour and most of the foreign weapon I've seen is a splashing silver disk (perfectly miserable) attached to a mechanical hand. The dramatic scenes are murdered with over-performed instrumentalities. The last thing about foreign invasions at the turn of the 1900s is NO ONE is interested in their lives. It's like they have no concept. Even though the media were slow, the word of mouth spread rapidly and people would know it. The "illusion" of the day and night was at best bad. Simply changing the color around people to purple, blue or green is not NIGHT TIME. Maybe some lighting and real shots at night would give a much better illusion. It's a lot of unnecessary sequences in the whole movie just watching the "hero" of a gallop or walking through silly roads. Continue the movie. I know how people get around, you do not have to be so deep. Now, finally an hour and five minutes into the movie and showing alien machines. Mighty Morphin Power Rangers had better-looking effects. Even the skeletons of vaporized people looked as if they were revived by the first high school student. Animations do not touch scenery at all. <br /> <br /> When you're closing people to "world war", do one of four things. 1) Watch the 1953 original, 2) Watch the initial 90th year of the TV series, 3) Wait for Spielberg to be released shortly, OR 4) Read the book frikkin (something we all have done in English). KEEP THIS FILM. THIS IS THE RESPONSE OF YOUR MONEY.
