Neil LaBute said this in 1973: "It's surprising how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. I love it, come on, maybe you do not like it, but if it's your favorite soundtrack, I do not know if I want you to like your movie. "<br /> <br /> Neil, one word. You may also want to sit behind this; as Lord Summerisle says, shocks are much better absorbed with bent knees. Neil, the original thing, is that Paul Giovanni's soundtrack is one of the most famous things. The filmmakers consider it a virtual musical. Together with Richard and Danny Thompson and Bert Jansch, it began practically the 1970s folk New Wave. The undermine is similar to the fact that he imagined jaws without John Williams. Or Buddy Holly Story without Buddy Holly. The result is one of the most breathtaking, arrogant, useless remakes of British cult classic since Carter Sly Stallone. The original apparently left Nicolas Cage "disturbed for about two weeks". So disturbed during this two-week window that he placed the idea of ​​reconstructing one of the darkest films about the struggle between believers, which has always been invented by a writer-director who was previously known for his utterly unsatisfactory display of masculine chauvinism. It's like a social game: what would you do if Sam Peckinpah took Bambi? Or Gaspar "Unthinkable" Noah has transformed Love, actually? (Actually, I'd like to see it). Unfortunately, someone has taken this game seriously: all that LaBute has managed to do is kick the original courage as she sits down with her own unscrupulous sexual war interests. After failing to rescue the little girl and her mother's fatal car crash, Cage's highway policeman spiraling into a healing torpor. Then he will receive a letter from former Willow Woodward's fiancée (this person deals with nominees for kudos) who now live in the private island community of Summersisle? that extra 's' means 'redundant'? and wants Edward to help find a missing daughter, Rowan. Summersisle, it turns out, is a female joint that is conceived as a shelter for oppressed women and refugees from the studies of Salem's witches. Here the matriarchs follow the ways of the Olde, and a few men are close-mute breeds-mules. It's like a big Lilith fair. Summersisle's main export is honey? symbolic and literal headache for Edward because it is allergic to bees. "Beekeepers!" exclaims Edward. "They seem to be everywhere on this island!" Well, that's probably because Summersisle's main export is honey. When he conducts his investigation, Edward hears the approaching Mayday ritual called "the time of death and rebirth." Finds that the past year's crop failed; almost dies from bee stings; and finally comes to a conclusion (a conclusion that certainly would not have been obvious if local residents had tilled an event schedule on the back of his hands) that Rowan would be burned alive in a pagan ceremony to provide a rich harvest. He also meets the beehive queen queen, Sister Summersisle (Burstyn), who has her own plans for the Wicker Man of the same name: "Drone must die." <br /> <br /> First, good news: all Cage's worries would be transferred from the crowded jaws of friends at the last minute by putting a black CIA helicopter ship: toast. That's about good news. "This is a story whose chapters have been carefully written," Burstyn explains, with an amazing irony. Although it retains the basic prerequisites for cat and mouse (and typography of credits), what's left pre-empts the original policies of the burnt country. <br /> <br /> To the original script Shaffer was decisive that his Christian copper in accordance with the ritual, came to the island of his own free will? and most importantly, she was a virgin; the perfect sacrifice. In reducing sexual matters, unlike religious power struggles, LaBute is the poorest of the qualifiers to harvest the victim. By the time Cage was dealing, it was a bait, you did not have to worry sincerely. A Cage is one of the worst things in this; carving, pulling donkey? arsewit, whose tongue seems too small for his mouth. "Damn," he sings when he hallucinates Rowan, with all the mental afflictions of a man who struck a morning alarm half an hour too soon. Does man hope that this is his frequent addiction to pills that have reduced him to this state? alternately tired, then full of preppy, overwhelming vim. If so, it's a fine display of immeasurable IQ supplemented with antidepressants. If not, he does not understand. Just like Willow, such a frightening Beahan, representing her lines as if she were in competition with Cage for the "most reliable" delivery. While Burstyn is totally lacking in the economic threat to convince. Who's Afraid of Naomi Wolf? <br /> <br /> Every element that made the original great? loving display of folk habits, genius score, dialogue (majestic Lord Summerisle "You made it beautiful!" was replaced by rather less attractive "You made it great!" Whoah, dude!)? were replaced for the meandering battle of the sex thriller with the occasional crash-bang wallop. Namely, female muscles; this is LaBute movie. Cage's Sister Beech bashing is just one of the more embarrassing episodes; the impotent little men will be laughing with joy at how the hippie youngsters finally get what they have come to, hyuk hyuk. The closing koda sees the entire rotting mess that collapsed under the genre cliché: in the bar two guys run to a few Summersis girls on the shore who are catching fresh martyrs. At the time of their successful takeover, you expect half the women to turn around and give them a blink of annoyance and thumbs up to the camera. One thing: Attentive lenders may have noticed that films that have an exceptionally high number of producers (up to ten) tend to be Not Too Cop. Wicker Man has a total of 18 manufacturers.
