Usually when writing a review for a movie online, it's one of three reasons. Either I found something exceptionally lacking in a movie that would otherwise be excellent, I feel that the public perceives a movie before viewing it for many reasons is inaccurate, or I think the purpose or message of the film needs to be clarified or explained with the help of other reviewers . While all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a review that does nothing but praise and statements like: "This is one of the best movies ever!" Nothing makes a potential viewer his merits and drawbacks, does not justify why the film is so good, which should be the first point of review. What has been said, "The War of the Worlds" is nothing more than a hasty, incompetent attempt to grab money; piggy backing his nasty skeleton on a million-dollar ad with Steven Spielberg's film of the same name. Many people buy this DVD in anticipation of a summer blockbuster and many more poor souls buy it and look for more material on the same topic. This movie is not so "so bad" that it becomes funny or cute, rather the viewers will be so incredibly disappointed when they reach the point of wrath. Now, when most of the insults out of the way, let me put some arguments as a warning to those who are happier than me. I'm judging from the envelope and the lack of any publicity for this film (I found it like $ 8's SAM Club), I assumed that the cast would be non-name and that the special effects would not be very spectacular. Control. This is not a big deal for me, because I have a big budget and over-reliance on big names, and the SE can cut an otherwise decent film. I also did not expect to have blown a big dialogue or moving score. Check again. What I was hoping for was a serious attempt at a classical theme and several foreign / battle scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to IMDb, all allies must be notified in advance, no matter how small, so there is a fair warning. The film opens up with a lot of unpleasant little conversations, followed by a trip to an observatory where it looks at the red dot. Seriously there are pictures of red dots in the tube. It is very difficult to describe every little matter in depth, but until the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of fractured camera work, tangled scenes, and plenty of walking begins to disturb the viewer. However, costume design is surprisingly bad, and the hope that pods reveal something mysterious will keep you. The following 30 minutes basically go like this: one of the main characters goes to one of the pods, looks at the pods and talks with another main character about looking at the pedestal and it may be hot. They both go back to town. These walks are not two seconds or are added, so the dialog can be changed. It's about twenty seconds or more, and they're just adding filler to an already inflated three-hour movie. In a particularly exhausting scene, the main character is shown as he looks at the pedestal, then shows how he moves and breathes, then looks at the bumper, then goes through the field to the city after one minute, then comes to the city and walks into the building, then she has a cup of coffee and says, "Thank you, Mary," to a casual servant who serves coffee, then spoils coffee and walks out of the building, then walks a few minutes across the field and back to the pedestal. I'm sorry for the extreme run, but it's probably the best way to summarize this whole movie. Characters talk too much about worldly things, they go a lot, they send people to walk, the camera moves between high speed and slow speed, but for no dramatic effect, the cameraman is somewhere else in Tech. Editing is wrong. People's activities do not make sense. For example, when a professor goes to a farmhouse and says he needs a farmer to give him a way to town, the farmer stutters and walks around. When the professor says he is a bra and that men can be trapped inside, the farmer locks him in the shed just to see that the professor has caught a fork and a second later opened a weak shed. Of course, there is no consequence of this scene, as the professor came to the main position a little later to begin an afternoon walk. The entire movie feels like someone has a good idea at the moment about filming a movie, but they absolutely do not know how to get it moving. I've seen better video production in high school. Finally, special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to make the story go. I feel like the director really wanted this movie to become somewhat cult classic of frantic waste. In technical terms, it is terrible, and in utterly good sense it just makes people mad. Avoid this movie at all costs.
