One does not expect too much from the PRC image and, except for exceptions - mainly from Edgar G. Ulmer and several Joseph Lewis or Lew Landers - that's exactly what you get: power. This "epic" of the Nazis in Africa, which is trying to incite the Arab revolt against the British, does not differ much. Scenario, long PRC hackers Arthur St. Claire and Sherman Lowe, is a trite, ridiculous, full of dysfunctional "wise-crackers," and the occurrence of holes in the size of Mongolia outside. The direction, from long-time specialist President Al-Herman in the PRC, is at best half-humor. Performance, with the exception of the magnificently incompetent and irritatingly lean head of Walter Woolf King, is not really bad. Veteran comedy Parkyakarkus is actually the best movie. He plays a Brooklyn man who dresses as a razor vendor and brightens brightly when he appears. He has great comedy timing, a spell for getaway, and seems to have a good time. Duncan Renaldo is quite convincing, as the Arab Sheikh - despite his Spanish accent - and the veteran villain George J. Lewis as an Arab rival of Renaldo does his usual dirty work, although sometimes he is somewhat above the summit. Joan Woodbury is pretty pretty and has a nice light touch and she and Renaldo have great chemistry together, although - like the rest of the cast - she has no King at all. H.B. Warner, whose career sprang back into the quiet era, gives a dignified dignified deal with low rents, even though his lines were blowing several times, and the PRC Chinese was not cut off. There is a lot of a series of films from a silent, big-budget silent movie with a similar Arabic theme - although I have no idea which of them - and because the PRC is a PRC, no effort was made to make it unobtrusive: I rarely saw serial shots that were so obvious. <br /> <br /> "And Yank in Libya" is of course not too good - of course, OK, it smells - but it would be worth seeing just to see Parkyakarka in his front. I heard about him and I knew he was the father of actor / director Albert Brooks and Super Dave Osborne, but he never saw him. It has been thought that this ten-fold PRC "extravaganza" only sees it in action. Otherwise forget it.
