I recently saw Broadway's Blithe Spirit revival with Angela Lansbury, Rupert Everett, Christine Ebersole and Jayne Atkinson. It's amazing production and shows what good actors can do with a game that's less than perfect. Angela Lansbury is extremely funny like Madame Arcati. It was likely that he was about to look at the film version of the game by Rex Harrison. The film does not have the energy or the laughter of good production. <br /> <br /> Blithe Spirit is probably one of those games that works better with live cast, in an audience full of people to laugh. Actors can improvise, deliver touch and nuances to their performance and line delivery, and engage audiences on a personal level that you can not get into a movie house or on a DVD where viewers are separated by the story of a "fourth wall." Story: Successful writer Charles Condomine (Rex Harrison) lives with his wife Ruth (Constance Cummings) in a house in the English countryside. Seeking information for his next book, a book about supernatural, Charles invites Madame Arcati (Margaret Rutherford, who rejects her role from the original production in London in 1941), the local spiritual media to take up her senate. Charles believes that spiritism is fake, but hopes to highlight "business tricks". But then Madame Arcati brings the spirit of Elvira (Kaye Hammond), the first Charles woman who died of pneumonia seven years ago. Elvira refuses to leave and develops with Ruth over Charles pirate rivalry (complicated by the fact that only Charles can see or hear Elvira). On the stage, actors can introduce performances that appeal to laughter. situation. But on the screen actors in "Blithe Spirit" tramline lines, as if they did not know someone was listening. Mumly lines that were designed to laugh at the stage. The performance of Harrison, Cummings and even Kay Hammond are flat and lifeless. Margaret Rutherford seems to have kept sparkle and humor like Madame Arcati. The visual effects in Oscar are not clear - not only by today's standards, but by 1946! They consist predominantly of Kay Hammond, who walks in brilliant green suits and makeup, photographing them in special lighting to look like a glowing ghost. The filmmaker deserves credit for creative lighting. But compare the blithe visual effects of "Blithe Spirit" with real pioneering effects in Disney's "South Song" - which was eligible for this year's award. In "South," people and animated characters share the screen fluently for several minutes at a time. Compared to "The South," Oscar, who received "Blithe Spirit" for special effects, was totally undeserved. In any case, I can only encourage you to come back with this Angela Lansbury game. As for the film with Rex Harrison, skip it.
