Do you like the introductory sequences as in "The Seven Women for Satan"? During the introduction, a naked girl walking through a forest pursues a hunting dog and a malignant guy on horseback until he falls off the cliff and divides his head on a rock. Then the camera appears on the face of a guy and we notice how he sits behind the desk while his secretary waits to sign some papers. "I'm sorry, I lost my mind?" then he says! Sweet, I came across another full movie. Even if you understand only the minimal French and look at the original title, you immediately know that "The Seven Women for Satan" has nothing to do with Satan or the sacrifice of the ceremonies, but only revolves around the spectacular escapades of a perverted and mentally unstable number during the weekend in the country. Is this really another unusual variant of the classic milestone of "the safest game" about the crazy hobby of hunters? best hot naked chickens - in the forest for sports. In fact, it's more than just a 1932 classic, as the writer / director / actor Michel Lemoine was supposed to directly link his protagonist to the legendary villain Leslie Banks in "The Safest Game." Count Zaroff is allegedly the original son of Count Zaroff, but has exchanged his private island for the distant French region. He can not afford to be unemployed, so he's a clerk from Monday to Friday and is a maniacal killer during the weekend. Zaroff is a real freak, which hallucinates about dancing with the deceased woman, but in reality runs his car over the living. His valet once committed himself to prevent the killing of the Zaroff, but apparently doing a foolish job. There is no depth in the scenario, and building is certainly not paying attention to the tension or sinister atmosphere. Indeed, the only useful thing you can do during this movie is to count those girls who are appealing to the Zaroff's trapping trap and hoping to reach the speed of seven. Half of the film is useless and dull, like a long erotic dance, in which the statue inexplicably turns into a muscular black boy (???) and the other half exists in a psychedelic elf, which eventually grows difficult even though all the girls look amazing. I think it was Michel Lemoine's intention to imitate his friend Jean Rollin and make a delirious kinky sex-thriller. "The Seven Women for Satan" is French production, so it is inevitably also the star of Jess Franco's regular Howard Vernon ("The Amazing Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine, of course, has the appearance of a crazy killer, but not a talent to portray him.
