1930 "was the golden age of Los Angeles with the film industry and the great potential of many other opportunities to become wealthy and glorious and happy People were coming in and hoping to fulfill their dreams Expecting open hands and welcome offers were just a few who managed to succeed and find a way to the stars, most of whom are condemned to live hungry, disillusioned and unwanted, looking for a little respect for dirty colors and ugly hotel rooms.A young Italian-American writer Arturo Bandini arrives in LA on a similar task - out of those beautiful rich women and writing a great novel that would put him in his career, he has written a short stories published in a dark anthology so far: If he wishes to create a romantic masterpiece, he seems to be unable to make something without experiencing it himself, and occasionally sends pieces of magazines to a local editor who helps him to survive. He is proud that presents itself as an Italian, but deep in his heart truly feels his Italian origins as a burden. The little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had is long gone and watches his dream change in the hangover that the last single nickel he spends. <br /> <br /> The coffee she brought to her was cold and sour, spitting a curse on her, causing an infinite relationship of insults, unspoken excuses and love hidden beneath it. Camilla, an uneducated girl trying to gain US citizenship through marriage, carries her heavy cross of unimaginable racial heritage. Though she is much stronger and more experienced, her situation as a beautiful Mexican woman is much more difficult to cope with than Arturo can realize. <br /> <br /> Is it obvious that Arturo eventually found inspiration to work on the novel? Is it possible that their love will finally find their place in the sun? Is it probable that their romance is unlucky? It is very surprising to find that chemistry between the two main characters played by Salma Hayek and Colin Farrell does not work. Relationships lack raw and authentic feelings. Hayek, though alive in comparison with Farrell, forgot to forget Camilla with the enthusiasm and strength of her once brilliant character Frida. It is also difficult to have faith in a character that is intelligent, but uneducated and illiterate, uses rather complex vocabulary and complex sentences. The hard character of Phil Marlowe would definitely suit Farrell better, though he looks stunning in the costume of the season, seems to be very lost and trying to find the fragile world of a twenty-year-old swarm that balances between hidden love and the desire to be true to him. <br /> <br /> The feeling of embarrassing tracking of two on the screen is wrong. Their relationship could be wild but it is likely that thunder and lightning are without storm, far from real passion, feelings that have been described do not feel inside. It is very sad that such a potential of interesting script and good actors was useless, turned into a gray average of the soon forgotten.
