Ned Kelly (Ledger), an infamous Australian outlaw and legend. Like Robin Hood with the mix of Billy Kid, Australians love the legend of how he stood against English aristocratic oppression, and united the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower class was about 70% of the criminal immigrants seems to be accidentally obscene with this film. Indeed, quite a few so-called "realities" in this film are a little dubious after the reflection. I suppose the suspicion should be aroused when the opening credits claimed that this film is based on the book "Our Sun". If a romantic version of the truth in the book title could ever be seen, it was. It was not a historic epic, but just an adaptation of one of the many dubious legends of Ned Kelly, though it was a hard and sporadically brutal version. Unfortunately, Ned Kelly is nothing more than just a crowded Hallmark channel 'real life historical drama' wannabe! The story is growing at an alarming rate (alarming because the movie never appeared so slow!) The feeling of insensibility after two hours of pure fertilization brought a lot of memories to the terrible Wyatt Earpa Costner all the years before. Simply put, nothing happens in the movie, but it takes a long time for nothing to happen. It might be a bit more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction was certain he was not). However, if you do not play the game at the site of the worst Oirish accent, then you will be disappointed. In this game, "Who has the most stupid beard?", "Find out the obvious rescuers!" (track, all are ginger for some reason) and "Nature in Australia, including lions," is an experience similar to Hallmark, Channel History, Discovery Channel and Neighbors, while suffering a huge hangover. Yup, nature appears a lot to fill even more time (perhaps an attempt at appearance), the film still shows unnecessary wildlife shots, and once all the original species are depicted, there is a circus that allows the camel and the lion (used during the one fight to try to make us feel much better left than the massacred people). This is a turgid, absurd piece of historical flute that was to go directly to the TV. There is not one good word about this movie. Even the usual fantastic rush seems embarrassed here. When one of the characters commented that there were only two charges left for him and his friend, I myself wished I had a gun to recall from this head some memory of this movie!
