I can not get over the message of this movie. It is too clear to ignore, and it is obscene because it has lost sense of what is going on. I did not read the novel, but Pollack opens the scene to the leading CIA organization in New York, divided by two professional murderers, headed by Max von Sydow, who brutally kills half a dozen strange employees for the members we met and understood. Employees are an older female receptionist, an old professor kid who falls dull when shot dead (is it a joke?) And eventually, beautiful Tina Chen, who looks at the copier, realizes he's about to be murdered, and he says, pitifully courageous : "I will not scream." Von Sydow responds sympathetically, "I know." These murders are completely unexpected, wild, unmotivated anything we are aware of and graphic. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no way that von Sydow and his follower can be redeemed. And yet, Pollack is trying to get it to the end. Following the killing of these innocent good people, von Sydow switches to the side (because the other party is willing to pay him) and murders the evil spirit behind the intricate intrigue of the CIA. The script will then transform it into a perfectly sensible, sensitive human being. "It is better to live in Europe, things are not so submerged." Or what. I swear I will not do it. Pollack wants us to believe it's better to be an honorary mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. That's the message. You should write it down if you forget. Exactly, what kind of psychiatric shake you need to have to change the common values, not to mention common sense, this way? I understand that there are thoughts of adults who do not like the government of the United States, even hate it, who see conspiracy almost everywhere, and provide explanations for otherwise inexplicable events. I know that people who think like this exist because some of them are among my closest friends. However, at some point this resentment, this hatred, if it grows, must overcome politics or ethics and into the field of psychiatry. I do not want to believe for a moment that the man who murders people for money is better than a sinister government official. I do not care what the murderer is and is cultivated or knows how to get to the Louvre on the subway. The one who gives the message needs either meditation or meditation. I would like to be able to say that production is as thorough as her message, but I can not. It's quite done. (In some ways, it's worse because it makes the film less permeable.) Even New York City looks photogenic on the screen. It's been a long time since I thought of New York as photogenic. Robert Redford does an admirable work that shows the initial shock and confusion of his character, but then turns into a telecommunication semi-genius. A man looks good! His wardrobe is right. Even his eyepieces are happening. And his peacoat. Not everyone who can make a navy jacket looks charming. It looks extremely nice, hog. I want to look like this. I want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such legs. Faye Dunaway is okay in her role, but she is not very believable. Would anyone want to sleep with the guy who just kidnapped her and kept her with gunpowder? Even if he looked like Redford? Would anyone be emotionally injured if this ambivalent relationship were to end, asked Redford not to tell anyone what had happened? Cliff Robertson is surprisingly good. It does one or two extremely good double shots. The postman is excellent. The struggle between him and Redford in the crowded apartment is great choreographed, and once we really do not know how it happens because Redford (a book reader after all) seems to be inconsistent with the brutal cunning of this hired killer. This is one of John Housemann's latest roles. Damage. It's a magnet on the screen. And what is the end of his life: a friend finds him lost, walks along the streets of New York, the surroundings he has known for most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very well done, but I can not ignore the dirty, paranoid message. I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of Will". Or her Olympic documentary, in which the speaker watches the night race, in which Jesse Owens pulls into the lead and says ominously: "This black man is dangerous."
