One can assume that Robert Osborne is contractually committed to expressing the pleasure of even the least appealing films in the TCM library because it explains that in the introduction, when I saw it on cable television, he explained the "virtues" of this "charming" film. When I see that any old IMDb movie has gained "classic" status from many frantic amateur reviewers, I thought there was a need for a more honest review of this film. <br /> <br /> This is not your "Shop around the Corner". For all your annoyance with 'You Have Got Mail', it still reveals it as a remake in almost every possible imagination. For those who have seen the original, the flaws will only be clearer. <br /> <br /> From one of the cutest Meet Cute series I can remember that I saw (a sad attempt of "humor"), this movie gets on the wrong leg and never really goes back to step. This "musical" only qualifies as an ambiguous term. There is a sprinkling of immediately forgotten musical numbers, and then Judy sings "I do not care" while I get rid of my arms as if it were in a bout. The Christmas song she sings in the store is probably one of her better numbers. Miss Garland has been amazing in many music movies, but it seems terribly wrong. The role was originally occupied by Allyson in June, and Judy certainly can not fill the shoes of the old part of Margaret Sullavan. Van Johnson is also turning into somewhat faint performance as the second type of Jimmy Stewart. Leadership never reaches the Stewart / Sullavan chemistry or even Hanks / Ryan. This is a movie that recognizes (some) notes, but not music. They do not seem to understand why the original worked and even feel the need to add another possible loving interest in Van Johnson's character to make things unnecessarily complicated. Replacing remake for subplot from original infidelity is a rounded fence game that includes invaluable violins. It is almost embarrassing to watch and feel as if someone with DeLorean and a flux condenser is likely to rise from the episode of the Trojan Society. It's just a justification for Keaton's pratfall. Even a scene with a high resolution between romantic guides is incorrect. Once you've seen both movies, you'll understand why they were called "Lubitsch Touch" and not "Robert Z. Leonard Touch". Avoid it and repeat the original movie or Judy Garland of the older films unless you are an icon-maker who enjoys one of the big stars falling to the ground.
