It's hard for me to say, because I really liked both Targets and Paper Moon, but I thought "The Last Picture Show" was somewhat fascinating, but too self-confident. Its main positive in terms of me is amazing photography. But for me the film had nothing to offer for the superficial beauty (and such a hidden beauty). These characters were very hard to get in touch with or take care of. In essence, you had this very slow pace and this naturalistic acting style, but it was all to create a very formulative and predictable story, complemented by all the experiences one would expect from a small town of melodrama - everything from a cheating boy to a teacher's wife to a handicapped a guy that everyone is making. It was like "American graffiti" without the joy of life. Some might say that this film is more realistic - nowadays it seems that many people think realism is the only virtue the film can possess. But for me, the film was simply oppressive, and I would like to see it as badly as I'd like to spend several hours in this miserable city where characters live. Perhaps the film really belongs to his time - perhaps if I saw it in 1971, I would be amazed at my novel when I saw something else on the screen. But it would basically suppose I never saw anything like Godard's "Breathless". Perhaps obvious references to classical films would appeal to filmmakers and help me overlook some of the film's weaknesses. But in the post-Tarantino world, which barely seems unique or odd. It's also interesting how he uses movies in the film to make his own film more in depth. We see 3 movies as I remember in the picture. First, we see Vincent Minnelli's "Father of the Bride" - the beautiful look of Liz Taylor provides a contrast with his girlfriend Sonny and Minnelli's medium-level study contrasting with the surroundings of the character of "real life." Later, clips from Howard Hawkes' Red River highlight the theme of the broken friendship between mentor and protection. He really reminds me that Bogdanovich kisses his own mentor's ass, just like I remember correctly by choosing the Hawks movie as part of my own screening on Boris Karloff's Screen in "Objects". I think that in 1971 this thing was new, but today it looks like it seems to be a matter of course, like so much of the rest of the film. Finally, I'd rather see another movie, Hawks, Ford, or Minnelli, than to remind Bogdanovic's movie why they were so stunning in such an unbroken form. Maybe he wants to remind us of the giants whose time has passed - all he really does is remind us how small he is with a majority of his contemporaries in a relationship.
