It should not be a shock when I say Alone in the Dark is a dirty movie. To make it unimpressed, it is as if the dwarf monster has fallen, eating the result, and then vomiting. The final product would still reveal this film. <br /> <br /> Apparently based on the old (!) Atari video game, the movie has something to do with the portal to the Earth's guts, releasing demons and ancient civilizations. Something about the existence of two worlds, that is darkness and light. (Guess which of us is.) And 10,000 years ago, the portal opened really super-twisted civilization, demons came and exploded, and then destroyed civilization. That's why we've never heard of them, comfortable enough. Christian Slater, who may be looking at Heathers and Pump up the Volume, plays Edward Carnby, a paranormal researcher who has been badly ill when he was 10 years old. It's hot on the path of one of the artifacts of modern civilization. Carnby had been part of a secret institution called 713, who tried to find out what had happened to this ancient civilization. But Carnby believed he would not be able to find the answers he was looking for and left the group. But to see, these lands are outdoors and their prey is gaining in different ways. such as evisceration, division into the middle, implantation of neurological control devices in them, or just their conversion to the killing of a zombie. Yes, it's another zombie movie. <br /> <br /> It's about so distilled that I can make a conspiracy. It is quite complicated and incomprehensible. In similar films, one could see that a frightened scholar / adventurer lacks things step by step, and when we and the audience can think with the researcher, it's a lot of fun. But when the scene shifts from attack to attack without a perspective or context ... it's not so fun. The game is terrible, with the exception of Slatera, who (although it seems almost embarrassed, the film) has shown that he is able to wear the acting load. He had to; to get it - Tara Reid is occupied as a curator of the museum! Honestly, I thought I saw life when Denise Richards was occupied as a nuclear physicist at Tomorrow Never Die. But Reid here answers Richards, a dirty emothy for miserable emotion. Reid, who calls "Newfoundland" as "New Fownd Land," and Reid brings most of her lines in a dazed, horrifying monotonous mode (probably like last week before filming), Reid Museum Curator, you think - in a star with stars and a hip-hugger. Yeah, she was just as credible as Jessica Simpson, who gave stock quotes. Oh, why's that nice to be so stupid? (Note: I do not think Tara Reid is so good looking, he seems to have a constant need for food.) Almost everyone else in the cast is totally forgotten, with the exception of Steven Dorff, who played Burke, one of the 713 leaders. she was not very well developed, but there was nothing in the movie, from set to character Tary Reid. But I'll turn. Incidentally, a confused and utterly absurd story is hard enough to follow a movie that moves at such a malicious pace, but director Uwe Boll throws in a buzzing, dead sound; it's so loud you do not hear what the actors say in some scenes! That can not be right. But with regard to the actor's level, perhaps it is thanks to Mr. Boll. <br /> <br /> Oh, and a fun note. Movie opening moments include telling ... words that crawl across the screen at once. Do you remember the first star wars? You have heard that the stars of war are now talking about while the prologue crawled. Surely there was no need for a narrative; why do I need a smile to read what's on the screen for me? Were the manufacturers just looking for blind people? Maybe it also explains why the soundtrack was so loud - they were also looking for people with deaf things. Also, the narrator inexplicably had a ticket for the first few lines of slippage - then he lost it. Bizarre. <br /> <br /> Alone in the dark is the loud, dirty mishmash of horrific acting, discontinuous script and ham-handed directing. It's hardly true. There is so much chaos that the audience simply gives up the care of the characters and the roots for their extinction. Even in the dark, demonic beings seem to be colder and much more developed. <br /> <br /> Ironically, since there were only three other people in the theater, I watched Alone in the Dark. I wonder if Uwe Boll planned it? I can not get this lowest score because I had plenty of hope to start - and because it was never enough to take care of it. It's ugly, though Slater is buying a little.
