There should be a rule that would clearly say that films such as Resident Evil should be created in a spirit of play, not in the spirit of blowing up everything. RE was a horror for survival and a damn efficient game, but Paul WS Anderson has done it like any other video game movie that might appear. He is essentially the same ghost in the dark as Resident Evil, so of course there is little hope that the director will have a piece of brain to make a horror movie and not an action movie. Instead, Alone in the Dark just proves that there is no longer any hope that video games will become movies. The story, despite the fact that it does not mean it, is the biggest of the many problems with the film. The film begins with what can be described as just five minutes of scrolling, which may or may not be important because it will pass after a minute, the audience stops taking care of them and simply sits through the others who hit the nearest object. Then there is something about orphanages, some artifacts, an old tribe, some bureaucracy, and some demons that shatter so that viewers can not really follow what's going on. Characters move in and out of conspiracy like candy, some have huge conditions for insignificant deaths. In essence, what I understand is that some demons have been released and Edward Carnby (Slater) has some link to them because of some surgery given to children in his orphanage who has failed. He finds an artifact that includes demons, and brings him to an ex-girlfriend, an anthropologist (Reid) who, of course, can have sex without depth. Then nothing was lost and the hell ended with a military team led by a commander (Dorff), who apparently had a common hatred for Carnby. It's all absurd, and the reason I do not understand it is not just because it's complicated and unclear, but it does not leave anyone who really cares. Instead, I strongly recommend that you, if you've seen this movie, bring a tennis ball or something you could take when the conspiracy gets into a mess. Action scenes in a plot with a conspiracy so terrible because it would at least bring it a bit, right? It is a shame that this film is like any other ruined kevk that has ever been made, with fast enough cuts to cut the balls of chickens. Because it is based on horror, not on action, it is particularly unpleasant. The first action scene in which a man is hunting Cranby from a taxi is one of the worst, and the rest is not so great. Demons look a little cooler, though the fact of turning them into powder when they kill it all eliminates it. Scenes involving lots of weapons that should be cool to observe include the beam of fire as the sole source of light and the zooming and shifting of the camera faster than the addictive head. It's all a bout that causes crap that keeps children in bed at night. Acting is what I like when I say to bind actors and do nothing to them. Slater has nothing but sounding important for the entire movie, though he seems to have more talent than he leaves. The same is true of Dorff, who has an unusual role, although he has some talent (something that has happened to him a lot). Reid is pretty much what it should be, background sexual background, because whenever he tries to act, it's a disaster (as well as an incredibly bad scientific expression at the beginning). <br /> <br /> In all, it's the type of movie that worries me about future video games. If such a spirit destroys it, it's just a matter of time before Samus Aran kills the Central African States with the AK-47 and Tommy Vercetti is fighting the aliens squad. Unlike Resident Evil, however, they do not deserve a second chance because I do not think I can help anything to forget how horrible this movie is. It is fearless, uninteresting, and unfriendly. This is the film equivalent of diarrhea; it's all worthwhile together, nothing really fits in, and in the end you're just glad it's over. <br /> <br /> TOTAL: 4%
