Really, what did they think? Over the years, the Columbo has tried some new things and deviated from the usual successful formula, but this film really exaggerated. This film is basically very different from any other Columbo movie, but the differences are not for the good of the film. The main thing that of course makes this film different from any other Columbo movie is the fact that there is no murder committed. The whole premise of this film is completely different and places the Columbo in a completely different environment and situation. Also the overall is completely different and more "modernized". Director Alan J. Levi has made some other Columbo films in the past, which were very suited to the usual formula. It also makes it a special choice that he was chosen to drive this movie. The Columbo figure also feels completely different, perhaps because of the fact that he gets into a completely different environment and the situation when he helps his nephew after his bride disappears right after the wedding. The absence of any good relief and trademark Columbo humor is also not exactly what makes it a good or pleasant watch. <br /> <br /> In all honesty, the film does not start too badly, but the film begins to be more and more senses with its story as it progresses. It's such a stupid written kidnapping thriller with a story that is becoming increasingly unlikely. It also makes the film more and more not. This is a very interesting contribution by Columbo, who also does not really enjoy the audience in any way. It also does not help too much that supporting actors are not the most talented in the neighborhood. Despite the fact that his character is filmed in a totally different situation and the film is filmed in a completely different style, Peter Falk still keeps well and his presence still saves the film a bit. Can you just imagine how this movie would be without it? It would be an extremely bad and ridiculous cheap movie I can tell you. A special entry into Columba, which could be described as an unsuccessful experiment to deviate from the usual formula. <br /> <br /> 4/10
