The title of the worst film of all times is the one that is being distributed quickly and often. It's mostly exaggerated, but I would like to welcome Alone in the Dark to a short list of real candidates: Plan 9 from Space, Battlefield Earth, and Pluto Nash Adventure. <br /> <br /> When I watched a 90-minute break, it was hard for me to stay awake even though I was trying to laugh so hard on the movie. But unfortunately I felt alone in the dark (I tried to avoid the game but could not resist) when I looked around and hoped to see Mike Nelson and his two robot friends. Unfortunately, my friends and I had to provide a comedy throughout the movie. So ... about the movie itself. It allows you to talk about action and effects, because it should be the only positive part of the movie. The film contains evil creatures that are a cross between Xenos in Aliens (even called Xenos) and creatures in Pitch Black. It can happen accidentally invisible (and I assure you it is accidental) and hurt the light. There are also small centipede creatures used to control people who transform them into something resembling a zombie. All of this is shown with obsolete special effects, which would be average in 1997. Action scenes are chaotic and can not be followed. People shot randomly on a blue screen or a blank set of monsters that were put into the post. The light flashes quickly on a dark display, causing students to burn too much work while bad rock music fades in the background. Those were the highest points. A story that turns around a paranormal investigator (Slater), whose idea of ​​how hard he looks, is wearing a black t-shirt with a bearded beard that is covered with a cloak and does not shave for 2 days. Archaeologist (Reid), who is rather awkward. And the government agent (Dorff), whose rows include a barking order. All three must be ashamed of their performances (not that they have ever done a good job before) and casting director should be ashamed. Reid and Slater are supposed to be lovers in the movie. The film contains one of the toughest love scenes I've ever seen on the movie between the two. <br /> <br /> Then comes the plot. Certainly silent parts that make sense are not at all interesting. The rest is at best illogical. The conspiracy holes could contain the collective ego of all three stars. The film begins with a text and a voice explaining the story. This opening takes longer than a minute and the viewer already knows they are horrible. This initial narrative is later repeated in a fearless dialogue in very clumsy and heavy red for the rest of the film. And the end did not make any sense. Not only does it make no sense in the movie world, it just does not make sense. Finally, in the direction of one Uwe Boll. Shame, that's all we can say. Its use to shake the camera to simulate tension. His lack of direction with actors. Just watch Reid in scenes that are not the focus of interest. Complete wasting of money with special effects for time effects. And finally, I decided to use a voice to explain something to the audience to be painful. <br /> <br /> I paid $ 1.50 to see this show at the second theater. And when laughing and my friends laugh, assuming it's worth every quarter, I'd like to advise people to avoid paying for this movie. Grab about 3 friends and split rental costs and tear this new movie. <br /> <br /> It's a pity for you. Tara Reid is worried about you. Damn you, Christian Slater. Damn you, Stephen Dorff. Damage to anyone who has been associated with this film.
