That should be my film. Even if it sucks, it should be right along my aisle; hell, I like the films "Congo" and "Allan Quatermaine". I have a soft place in my heart for stupid alien / demon / adventure films. Let's go why I decided to follow this in the first place. <br /> <br /> 1. Horror / sci-fi is almost always intriguing me 2. I am a great fan of archeology and this film includes a rare treasure. 3. Super-natural enemies with FX quality. 4. I'm generally looking forward to Christian Slater and Dorf. 5. Tara Reid is hot. So this movie had the potential, at least in the section of cheese-horror in the video store, but the kid did it. The only redeemed aspects are Slater and Dorf, and not everyone is as fun as I ... I think, I think, both are melodramatic. But now for some of the many mistakes. <br /> <br /> Tara Reid. Although the film as a whole is worse, Reid's performance is really terrible. We're not just talking badly, I'm talking about Tary Reid's nomination for the worst performance of the year. I do not know if she is able to act, but playing the curator of the museum is just her league ... completely. Watching her trying to play the role of a trained scientist was not very different from what you watched the wrong porn settings. I mean, it's not just bad, it's ridiculous. Oh, and for those curious, she will not get naked, just down the bra in a stupid, totally unnecessary love scene. Even with Reid's performance, perhaps the film could work, but the plot is what dominates, and the plot seems to be written for ten years. I did not realize it was a video game adaptation until I looked at the DVD, otherwise I would appreciate real-time foolishness. <br /> <br /> The story jumps back and forth from Slate's childhood in an orphanage, where there is a memory of something terrible, what has happened, of course, has amnesia. In his adult life, Slater was recruited by a unit of 713, a paranormal military force that apparently hunted evil or something. Slater had to leave because he was too rebellious, I guess you never know unless it was in one of those voices I've been broadcasting over time. The film begins with the hunting artifacts of Slater and gets its last piece after some talks with "Chilean mercenary force specializing in the sale of rare antiques". Maybe I'm right when she feels bad, but you get an idea. There is a wicked doctor who wants to launch some fools on the ground (no reason is given), experiments with children, super demon / human hybrids, photonic bullets (demonic things can not stand sunlight) and of course Slater and Dorf to try to save all. Jesus, I can not even go through clichés. The script was redrawn unnecessarily to narrow the focus and give some depth. I mean, why is the evil scientist so evil evil? Well, people are doomed and he's just trying to save the human race. I think he's infected? How did it happen? He rightly has one of the evil demons in the cage and draws his blood to shoot himself. How the hell happened? Why and where he got the super slug (yes, they use the old sci-fi stall of parasitic aliens / demons who "connect" with the backbone of their host) Of course, Slater is like a Blade super-but his slug "was not totally burned because of an electric shock, " thank God. And people with these "paired" canes have no idea they are half-demons and that they behave like good community members until there is a secret signal from where the zombies are killed. Yeah, we get the zombies. <br /> <br /> So much crap that could be fun, but none of it. <br /> <br /> It's also a stupid end because everything turns out to be no big deal to fix it first ... at least nothing that a bit of dynamite could not handle. It's not the worst thing you see, but it's really a bad movie.
