I usually start by passing the movie, but before anyone makes some quick judgments about my review, let me prevent it by saying that I'm someone who likes most of the movies (just check out my other reviews). Himself in the Dark is the film by director Uwe Boll, whose film was just before the House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it was also a film adaptation of the video game. Almost everyone hated him. Well, I loved it. I even gave him 10 out of 10! My opinion that I will turn away immediately is that if I even hated Alone in the Dark, something must be wrong with it. <br /> <br /> Premysl: Who am I kidding? An attempt to put the premise for this movie is just as easy as trying to balance the budget of the United States, but here it is the same. Some archaeologists have found evidence of a lost American tribe. The Indian tribe apparently discovered some means to overcome the "second world", which was bad in nature. The bad things shook them, but not before they could close the door to the evil world and blow the key. Later some scholars / government researchers who experimented with the supernatural and specifically with this tribe, decided to experiment with some children and try to create a kind of hybrid with the other world. (Believe it or not - everything up to this point, and then someone tells us in the written prologue of the movie - it's just a white text that goes through a black screen with voice readings and reads it too). Then there was something about the children being in the orphanage, but the government is pulling them back, and then a lot of people are looking for archaeological sites and there are super people who are wandering around, and a group of military people is called up and on and on. <br /> <br /> The exhibition never really stops. It's like an endless story of hell. There are plenty of ideas to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. But none of them is presented in a coherent way to create a good film. In addition to the mystical lost Indian tribe and superhumans, we also have monsters that resemble a cross between a foreigner and a werewolf, worms that attack your body and turn into alien snakes, underground worm tunnels, zombies, star-like wars, wrecks, underground ponds, , spooky warehouses, hooves, large unused museums, government conspiracies, golden tribes drawn from the sea, nuns, explosions, complex backgrounds, very ambiguous romance, kitchen sinks. . . wait, I can not remember if the last one was in the movie. Even more surprisingly, in the movie Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson was quoted as saying, "We spend a lot of time on the story, it's very careful." Tara Reid called Alone in the Dark a "smarter movie". Let me introduce somebody. Many of the things mentioned above may sound wonderful to potential listeners of this movie, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection. Usually I did not know what kind of environment is to some other environment, why we were there or what someone was doing (at least when every scene started). It's just a random mishmash setting and cliché as if director Uwe Boll had 250 unrelated ideas in his hat and pulled them out as lottery numbers. After finishing, he decided to cut the film using dice, along with editor Richard Schwadel, then rebuilt it by throwing I Ching. The movie sometimes plays as a reeling director of the extended director (a combination of short, colorful, unrelated scenes that directors move to try to get a job), but maybe it's too generous. I'm not sure Boll would get a job if it were his role. <br /> <br /> Like most movies, I tend to like most of the actors and most of the shows. It is very rare to say that the performance was bad. Well, Tara Reid was bad - and I'm someone who likes Reid. I do not know what happened. For a large percentage of the film, they simply move it around the show as a support. You could just buy a blowing doll. This would save them money that they could use for some cgi spirituals and vampires in the castle and cemetery environment. Perhaps they decided to move her like a nice piece of driftwood after seeing the diary of her mumbling absurd dialogue in a monotonous form that is usually reserved for the fun of the mother. <br /> <br /> And talking about this dialogue, a lot of Alone in the Dark plays as a Godzilla movie without Godzilla. I think it's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbless. At least Godzilla movies are scary for them because they know how absurd it is, and there's a big payoff when we see that Godzilla destroyed the city center and fought a huge comet that wore radioactive deadly rays or something. <br /> <br /> It's hard to say what Stephen Dorff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to overcoming and bringing actions against their agents. I can not say I thought somebody in the movie had a decent performance, even though Slater had seen the cigar at least. I think this is unprecedented for me. Still, I did not do this movie. 1. There was some competent cinematography, even if Boll and Schwadel had squeezed out of mincemeat and the hard rock melody final credits were good. Heck, even the New Zealander prologue was not that bad. Actually, I thought the movie was promising at this point. But it can be just the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
