True, many movies are much worse than this movie. This movie was no Manos: Hands of Destiny, or Troll 2 (yes, I've seen them both .. twice) but at the same time this movie is not Alien, Predator or even Alien Vs. Predator (Yes, even this movie surpassed this). Movies like this, Battlefield Earth like Star Wars, are so bad. Razzie honors looks, the biggest contest just arrived in the theaters. The film I'm talking about is, of course, in the Dark itself. I will try to take you step by step as to why this movie was so bad. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Acting - I first start with what might have been the best part of this movie (besides which he finally played the movie "I wish I had an angel", acting. , that it is possible to act comfortably in a movie that is worse than when it is freezing antifreeze liquid, so to speak, I was wondering why it just did not come from the table in half, maybe it was also because Stephen Dorff is also in the movie but it does look good, and that's all that matters in movies, but it does not mean that acting was perfect, it was average, not good, and maybe the only thing in the movie was not The soundtrack - except "I Wish Angel", soundtrack is useless and bad heavy medal is pumped into the ears of the audience, maybe a miserable story (something that I will soon get.) The long and very expensive 2 CD soundtrack is now sales for those who are musically challenged. Director-director Hollywoods favorite director Uwe Ball, who brought us the classic house of the dead. Let's say, "Yes, movies can get it all wrong, and that's just the beginning of my deadly saga of horrible movies." At least it is said to be governed by Uwe Ball. Without saying this, I would guess that the monkey was kidnapped from the Congo, brought here and forced to comment on how to make a film under financial shock. The director of photography was probably a camcorder attached to the skateboard and pushed forward until it hit the wall. In scenes where the camera should remain constant, it is constantly moving, does not allow us to stop anywhere, and when it should be in action, the camera stops for some reason. Production who on earth is stupid enough to put money on this bomb? Crazy ... sometimes grinning. Sometimes I'm glad that he or she has been taught such lessons never give money to garbage worse then dog trunks bound in a sack. Writing / Storyboard - trying to analyze the story is painful then with a jam collapse under the thumb and kicking a soccer ball as hard as I could with it right after, but I still try it. Edward Carnby escapes as a child from a children's home where 20 children go to scientific experiments. They run away and hide in an electrical outlet where there is electricity (that's where it was so bad that I started laughing loudly). Then, many years later, he moved faster, where he was a paranoid detective. He is attacked by a zombie who can not be shot, kills and continues his life. Later, he is attacked by a fool-looking monster and discovers a secret that nobody else knows. Yeah, the plot is bad, really bad. Film creatures with the expectation that we will read about 10 minutes of random text about the false civilization called Abskani. The film has no other action than the audience can handle, more than audiences want to handle, more than the audience might ever be interested in. This story is a deep bad stone that even Double Dragon does it better. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is missing. I gave him 1 out of 10, but it's because he's not 0.
