The snowman that just came out in Locarn, where I was able to see, of course refers to a world-famous fairy tale. And also refers to coke. Finally, real snow from the Swiss Alps plays its role. <br /> <br /> So all three aspects of the title are dealt with in this film. There's a lot of drugs on the scene, and there's also a pale, dark-haired girl-a prince who has to go through all kinds of trouble to get to her. <br /> <br /> But that's not a fairy tale. It is a realistic drama that is located in Zurich in Switzerland (according to Tagline). Technically, the film is almost perfect. Unfortunately, a weak conspiracy, predictable dialogues, predominantly unreal scenes and mixed acting do not contribute to creating authenticity. As a spectator, I remained intact. And then there were clichés that fool me one after another: Snow White is a rich and corrupt daughter of a higher class - of course, her parents are divorced, and she never had enough of them because they were so busy. Her best friend is on the other hand loving and caring parents. They (the steelmaker and the housewife) live in a small apartment, poor and happy - and do not know about the desperate situation of their daughter. A good guy (= prince) is a musician (!) From a French speaking part of Switzerland that is considered to be an economically less successful but emotionally therapeutic part of the country). He has problems with his parents. They are migrants from Spain who apparently have not accepted their wild lifestyle - until their father seriously worsens and admits his admiration for his son from the hospital bed. And so it goes: Naturally, the drug dealer is brutal, the bankers are heartless, the owner of the club is a playboy and a photographer, though the woman (!) Only has a career in mind when she shoots Snow White in artistic pornographic pictures on the show. <br /> <br /> This revision does not need a spoiler to add these pieces to a conspicuous conspiracy. As I like other Samir movies, like "Forget Baghdad," I was quite disappointed. We hope others.
