First of all, I would like to point out that this film has nothing to do with the Dutch folk tale of a spiritual ship, which is also called AIRCRAFT DUTCHMAN. You will not see a single sailboat in this movie. You do not see seafarers, spirits, or anything exciting. It's not a story of a spiritual ship, and I wish it was announced in the main data, or I would not see it because I really thought it was a legend film. It seems that many people think the film has to do with the legend of a ghost ship because the film is listed on Wikipedia's legend page "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. Can it be based on a commentary legend called "Jewish Jew"? Or maybe they just adapted the worst parts of the legend? The film begins with a combat sequence that would give everyone the hope that the film will have battle scenes. Unfortunately, it's the only combat scene in the movie. Then you see Daniel Emilforka (who was Krank in the City of Lost Children) for about two seconds, and that would let someone hope that the film will have good acting. Unfortunately, the film is very bad. The same can be said for the Italian actor Nino Manfredi, who was one of the best Italian actors and who is sentenced to embody a crazy bird who has no story whose sole purpose is to be a "wise man" film. And the boy, the film needs wisdom! ત U is detectionσίου, Бакер Thread, casey, contribucí naтели Thread Counting, БакЛи код filtering, Applied contaction, filteringвайте, Ли Бай месец, courseησης, seems to be so much fun that each story the story gets out that his series has been sacked in performance. You come from the Dutch director, you think extreme and shocking real dirty dirt are essential elements in the magazine, which contributed to the fact that Dutch filmmaker Paul Verhoevenův film "Flesh + Blood" is such a great film. The idea of ​​"Flesh + Blood" would allow somebody to hope that the film would be dirty and visually straightforward would be good. Unfortunately, and unlike "Flesh + Blood," there is no dramatic advancement, fight, good action and simply no Flesh and Blood. Taking pictures as they begin to develop is well done and tempting. It also stops very early in the movie. Music by Nicola Piovaniové ( "La vita e bella") is repetitive and annoying, if not irrelevant (sometimes this means that there is grandeur, while the actors on the screen spray liquid dung). During the first "act" of the film, which lasts at least an hour (!), The film takes place in the same circumference that is around the farm where the main characters live. Characters play a lot of excrement, drown in it, play in it. A long period will pass through numerous ellipses that allow the main character, the young boy who loves to play in the excrement, aged and played even more in the performance. A bird talks a lot when he says foolish things in Italian. Spanish conquistadors speak French. Nothing makes sense. Everything is confused and takes several hours. Then there is the second act called "The Ship", in which we see what ship could be long ago, but which is now the rest of the ship (I mentioned covered excrements?). The main character, walking a little further away from the farm, is just going to hit her and decides it's really great, so we live in it. The hunchback, who lived in him, is trying to kill him, but he does not mean it because (I mentioned) is not very clear. He thinks that a ship can move and hopes that it will sail on it until more conquistadors (at least it seemed that the conquistadors because of the hats in the style of Don Quixote, but as I said, it's really confusing one is who) prisoners, along with a retarded hunchback and burns the ship to the ground. The last part of the movie that the viewer is really hard, because it consists of more manure with more slow-motion middle-aged peasants that there fight takes place in an insane asylum. More torture and drowning with feces. He even liked the director who seemed to have distanced himself from his work, or handed the second assistant camera to the crew to do the rest of the job. Finally, many of the mentally handicapped new "friends" died by the Dutchman. The woman he had sex with whom his brother's wife was trying to find his son. The Dutchman and his son speak. The film ends after two hours of ugly pictures and unfortunate acting and technical performances. Then he attacks and the viewer is immensely relieved to have to watch the horrible movies without a plot that pretend to be something exciting like fantastic legend-based movies as they are just a catalog of how excrements some movies can get they do not have enough financial powers to place a seat or even a horse.
