There are several previous comments that deal with the cliché of the film's cliché - and I fully agree, both in terms of characters and dialogue. I have read about Elizabeth Berkly's terrible performance in the equally terrible "Showgirls" I have never seen - and her performance here, without being terrible, is barely in line with the worst lifetime standards. There was no depth to her figure, but she probably was not supposed to be. If that were the case, the film would be totally unbalanced because there was no sign of depth or charisma - not a trace - in any character, artist or portrait. <br /> <br /> The head of the Liz after her tutee kissed her was ridiculous. Her initial reaction and advice was also (Forrest Gump, who attacked Jenny's friend in his car, provided a more realistic, smarter action, and he was mentally attacked). A sad, cunning lawyer (the justification of redundancy), the laughter of the student actually did something that would probably throw praise in his performance: he was both ridiculous and strongly annoying at the same time, insignificant performance. Her attorney was a rather insensitive fool who is also not well-known in this profession. Finally (and frankly, I enjoyed this part), the police were such a collection of insensitive oafos, rather it depends on Barney Fife, without Andy to handle all law enforcement and investigation in your community. I know that most of the police officers who really resemble do not belong to the sharpness, intelligence, and empathy of the level most of the characters in the "Law and Order" series, and so on, but the cavities of this level seem to be staple to "Life." Finally, I found a sort of "story in the story" fascinated by Joshem's preparation that he was the "victim" of his teacher. This sketched performance in the story was even worse than his overall performance in the main story. It was something like a success as if it were from "F" to "F-minus". All this poor situation had to be resolved - in real life - about 15 minutes after a realistic meeting between teachers and school authorities, involving a husband. But then it would prevent dramas from being drawn, leaving an hour of empty film in the camera. <br /> <br /> But the writers here, with their end, could be even worse. When the situation was finally "resolved" and "corrected", it was achieved in all 45 seconds, without it being possible to indicate what measures could be for offenders and their parents in any "real world" could be able to find some way to redemption . <br /> <br /> This is a 2 * presentation; second "*" because it has some slight "fascination".
