Is there something that happens in this movie that is unpredictable? I think not. In essence, the film is cliche cliché and nothing really comes as a surprise. This makes the film very predictable and because the film is also seriously lacking in tension. So for the thriller it's not tense and unpredictable, but also as a drama it's a failure. This is because the movie is very unlikely. I mean, it will never happen in real life, just like the events in this movie. So the film has a real problem with tension and credibility. But it's really the cliché that killed the movie. Sometimes it happened. Everything is so formal in this movie. The predator is portrayed as a cold, heartless, almost psychopathic, sexually frustrated boy and victim as a naive young woman who behaves as if she has not seen any of these arrivals. Everything that happened in the movie was so obvious and everything seemed to have happened for some reason. For example, the sequence in which the "predator" corrects the damaged vehicle. This must be one of the oldest clichés in the book. I knew what the film was trying to achieve after this point. I tried to look like the teacher and the student really grew each other's eyes with the other people around them. It was so incredible and cheap that I almost stopped watching the movie after this point. The film is full of moments like these. The title could indicate that this is a cheap porn movie, but it is actually sappy for TV movie. Which means everything is slowly going on and the film spends half the time on character development and unnecessary partial drawings to make the film even more dramatic. I admit that Elizabeth Berkley is pretty good in this movie. Some clichés and events sometimes seem almost realistic. Her Hollywood career is as good as when she appeared in Paul Verhoeven's "Showgirls", so unfortunately she is likely to appear only on film and television shows like this one. It's the loss of her talent and she deserves better. All other characters are disappointing. Corey Sevier plays the cliché of a pretty "untouchable" wealthy boy, and the way the husband of the main character is introduced is even worse. It looks more like a sexually frustrated predator than the true predator of the film. He basically tries sex with his wife in every order. Wake up, she wants sex. Before he goes to sleep, he wants sex. She comes home, wants sex. Perhaps it will be a realistic thing, but I do not know, she just did not feel good about such a movie and the story in general. A cliché full of film and I can not think for any reason why anyone should ever watch this movie. It is predictable and therefore lacks tension and credibility. It's not a "horrible" movie, and it's definitely sometimes observable, but all the weak and cliché elements in the movie also do so far from the recommended one.
