I'm a black man living in a mostly black city. Under these circumstances, I have great concerns about the work of Tyler Perry. I realize that some people feel the need to praise him because he is black and tries to portray a positive image of culture. But honestly, I believe Perry White, NAACP, Al Sharpton and Jessie Jackson should be in his ass. I was forced to watch this movie one whole hell many recently and every repeated viewing causes my blood to boil. Characters are badly written and act. Jokes are so bad, I have to say something is funny. I'm going to break this big shit shit. <br /> <br /> Madea = suck. The character may have had some appeal, but it is not. When the only thing he sometimes does is to get children and threaten adults with violence is less than unnecessary. It is not unnecessary. The situation with the wife who took the fiance was horses-t. If a woman was so afraid of her husband's death, why would she try to escape while sleeping in bed. It would not be better if she left when she was at work. Anyway, the characters in this arc were so annoying and exasperated that I was hoping to throw her out of the balcony, and if that did not happen, he was craving. When he is not there. <br /> <br /> Then there are two turtles. The bus driver asks a woman to bother her while he is doing his bikes. I could not believe it. I could not believe when she agreed to be even more. But what the cake is, is that the grown man was reduced to throwing pebbles at the window and handing notes like a 10-year-old pulpit mega-bitch. I do not use this term lightly but this woman only had two modes. Moroso victim and psycho mom. It does not matter which of these two faces has turned out to be one constant. The bus driver will have none. He even married her without taking the goods - WTF! <br /> <br /> Then there is a scene of family unification. Here we have a mother, which includes implicit incest taboos, grinding, grinding, shirts, exact muscle aches, b-ball and Maya Angelou's great taste. When the girls pulled their teeth out and called for a meeting, I was wrong if I wanted the oldest one to be asked for a heart attack. All these bits are happening at a meeting, laughter is easily separated by groups and then the bell rings. When they do, each drops what they do, and continues on his back as well as a couple of Paul's dogs - WTF !! <br /> <br /> Then you have the final five minutes of the movie. Here we see how an abusive fiancée has gotten her husband's long-time victim and everywhere around a bad actress. There is an impromptu wedding where the Blacks are dressed as angels and hanging from the ceiling - WTF !!! The only reason he is so much watching is besides testing the pain threshold and the hope that the second villain of this story will get her ass given to her. Guess what, it will not happen. Instead, Perry takes the testicular way out of the way and plays her safe and ends with a film of forgiveness - WTF !! <br /> <br /> I'm pretty sure that if I got a day, I could probably write a doctoral dissertation about all the ways that this film absorbs. Do not even start me with Tyler Perry's other movies. Just say it. In my opinion, as a black guy, D.W. Griffith's legacy lives on. The irony is that it is done through the Black Man, who will be glad for doing what He gave birth to the nation and sold us along the river. I just wish Perry's movies were guys to kick them in nuts. Thanks a lot, buddy! What do you watch in 2009, a comedy about raping and wild beating slaves in Colonial America?
