The same night I watched this, I also watched "Scary Movie 4," so it was a confused double figure. Unfortunately, due to these murderous tomatoes, they could not stand up to the excitement of laughter, which is Scary Movie. As I struggled with the boredom that followed the jokes that were stupid and stupid, brutally dated and brutally bad, a newer parody made me laugh laughter. How can I wish more than this? Director John De Bello uses the basic assumption that some kind of growth hormone is terribly bad and tomatoes turned into killers. But his main goal is to pull around the genre of disaster that was so great day after day. The script has a modest humor, and maybe even if you take illegal films on film nights, it can be your cup of tea. I soberly stuck, watching the grown man go under the cover like tomatoes. And that is one joke that is never fun, where there is also a discrepancy between the voice of the actor and the voice. Some may giggle, I do not. Even Hitler had a joke that was not funny, and I thought all the Hitler jokes were fun. The story of this movie is so fragmented (without a good reason) that it's almost impossible to explain. Tomatoes kill people, the government tries to stop, they say bad jokes. Their goal may be right, as their goals include media, consumerism and paranoia (the three things that still govern our lives today). It is very strange that the main selling point of this movie, those crazy tomatoes, does not really look much like that. And when they do, they get it, they play real tomatoes. That flushed trick did not do anything to me, because I have very little when I look at a pack of tomatoes that swallows the body through the magic of camera tricks. There is also a fear of going for a break in work here that prevents this movie from being really funny. Gag after somebody has been asleep in almost every scene can please some listeners, but more than likely to be considered as an invitation to fun. <br /> <br /> I could also add that it seems to be some old-fashioned human egotism at work here. Man is eating tomato and it's dinner, tomatoes are human and it's a global disaster. But that's just the way the world works. In the movie, production becomes evil due to genetic modification, but in the real world, our production (see: Taco Bell) becomes evil through neglect. And like the bad ones doing green onions, the lifetime of this film has long since expired. There are a few good laughs. The last shot was really amazing, but it was not close enough to save this mad crazy bomb. I'm pretty sure that this is a deep-rooted film, but the script had to be filtered over a dozen transcripts to get there. And "there" I mean "Scary Movie 4" ** 1/4
