If you are a recognized scholar of cult cinema or bad film, is there a certain point of life? best sooner than later? that you have to watch the "Assassination of Tomorrow's Tomatoes". It's inevitable certainty because it's one of the most popular films ever made. One tiny but substantial detail is that "The Killer Tomatoes Attack" is deliberately horrible. Already the opening message he has enjoyed is Alfred Hitchcock's mockery "The Birds," which is clearly intended as a parody with a zero budget, and I can not escape the impression that the writer / director John De Bello never expected his film to become such a hit. The film fuses the current popular trend of so-called Eko-horror films (plants, animals and nature generally revolting against humanity) and introduces the least amenable kind of vegetables that can be imagined as an illicit killing. The secret government agricultural project to produce larger and more delicious tomatoes is terribly bad, and reports of tomato attack from the whole country are coming up soon. The president brings together a team of special forces to fight a juicy enemy that includes secret agents with very specific areas of expertise and scientists with severely dubbed voices. The first half hour of attacking killer tomatoes is very fun. How foolish it is that the look of normally-shaped vegetables jumped out of the sink and attacking the hysterical women in the home is quite original and fun. The first half hour also includes numerous memorable moments such as the catchy thematic song, the Jaws tribute and the unheard of unforeseen helicopter crash (for more details you'll find the section of trivia) that has come to the final cut. After that, everything turns into a dull, unstructured and unbearably amateur disorder. The level of jokes quality is from fresh and inventive to embarrassing and absolutely not fun and there are too many characters and sub-parts. I personally prefer the continuation of the 80s and early 90s that I saw before I saw the original because it benefits from slightly higher production values, incredibly special effects over tomatoes and the presence of veteran actor John Astin (The Addams Rodina) as a mad scientist Dr. Gangreen, but, as has already been said, the original inexplicably remains the obligatory tracking material at some point in your life.
