Well, I could not enjoy this film for its cult values. It's a movie action movie from director "Commando," but he is too hairy and stupid to be considered a good B movie with enough fun in it. 90 years, but above all the film should commemorate an action movie of the 1980s when these types of films B were still high. These films always went to the top and never paid much attention to his story or acting. It was all about blowing things up, big muscle heroes and beads around you. This movie has all the ingredients in it, but I really did not like watching this movie just as I like to watch some kind of movies. It's hard to say why, really, because story and acting, and they're just as bad as it was basically any other genre of the same era. This is probably because the movie is often too stupid. All these types of movies have their silly moments, but this movie is just being filled. Fight, Dolph Lundgren runs without T-shirts, characters, story. Everything just is not very good because it's often too lame for words. The story sometimes does not even try to make a little sense and what is even the main plot of the whole movie? Her story is really everywhere, and it seems to be just written to create a movie of combat sequences, gunfights, and so on. And these sequences are not really very good to watch. Moments are too short and quite disappointed when we really look at it from the man who brought us Commando. It's basically Dolph Lundgren, starring star star action star, who kicks ass seemingly quite easily, knows how to handle guns and other weapons and of course also gets a girl played by Tia Carrere. All of this also brings us one of the worst montage sequences in the history of action movies, and certainly one of the worst sexual sequences I've ever seen in every movie. Both are simply deceptive for words and very badly combined. None of the characters worked really well. Good guys are cops, but they never seem to behave like one. They just kill without having to face responsibility to anyone and are not interested in making any arrest or notifying anyone of their discoveries. Even if he finds out that a large Japanese criminal syndicate is trying to take over L.A. and the Brewery Brewery works as a shelter for a drug factory and smuggling large drugs. And also think about what's the overall purpose of Brandon Lee in the movie? The movie could easily do without him and the girls as well. <br /> <br /> Too stupid, lame and simple, and not just fun. <br /> <br /> 4/10
