*** Warning - This review contains "conspiracy conspirators", though nothing could "devalue" this movie more than it already is. It's really bad. *** <br /> <br /> Before I begin, I would like everyone to know that this is definitely one of those incredibly bad films that laugh. If you are in a carefree mood and you need a very hearty laugh, it's the film for you. Now without my next review: <br /> <br /> This movie was found in a Wal-Mart basket. This should be the first mention of how good the movie is. Second, star action star Dolph Lundgren. This should be the second key to how good a movie is. I'm still shocked that it was even on DVD (who would lose money to do such a thing?), Although as you can imagine, there are no bonuses or bonuses on the DVD. In fact, there is no menu; the movie begins to play. <br /> <br /> First, the writer of this film deserves to be tortured and killed. It has one of the worst scenarios ever written and is plagued by terrible one-time lines; a remarkably unbelievable, fake dialogue; and inappropriate comments (such as Lee's remark on Lundgren's mistake, which I will mention later). No single honest sound line is in the whole movie. Dialogue and plot go hand in hand, like a scenario, and both progress in a totally senseless way. Two cops seem to hate at first, and then there's no reason Lee's figure goes to the side of the road, runs to the other side of the car and says, "I do not want to go alone because, despite the fact that I like it and I do not want to see, that you will kill! ". or something like that. There are disgusting unicorns, mostly Lee says. For example, when he does a bad man, Lee says, "You have the right to silence, you have the right to be dead!" Finally, I mention the totally inappropriate and absurd comment Lee makes about Lundgren's areas. When bad men start attacking Lundgren and Carrer's seemingly casual scene and Lundgren decides to fight in underwear, Lee tells him, "When we died, I just wanted to let you know that you have the greatest I've ever seen on a guy . ". Yes, actually it says. It makes no sense and it is not even possible (Lee never actually see Lundgren naked, as he will know?) But the writer threw it into the script. The entire movie looks like some action video game, and Lee even admits it. After Lee and Lundgren Lingerie beat all the bad guys, Lee makes a comment that's also really great: "Wow, it's like a video game, we just beat the first wave!" <br /> <br /> Second , the story of the film is contemptuous. It suffers, in my opinion, primarily because it just does not exist. Trailer for this movie - which IMDb has available for viewing, by the way - makes it sound like the movie is about two cops trying to stop the Japanese Yakuza from taking over Lost Angeles. But this is extremely misleading because the film has nothing to do with it. They point out very short and unclear links to Yakuz, who are trying to launch a methamphetamine deal with local drug dealers, but the film ACTUALLY revolves around a misspelled attempt at Kenner (Lundgren's character) to avenge the death of his parents, Yakuza leader (named Yoshida) when he was only 9 years old. The entire plot can basically be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants to die Kenner, Kenner wants Yoshida died, and they are trying to kill each other. And of course the whole Kennerův sarcastic assistant (named Johnny and starred Brandon Lee) acts as an ignorant idiot and Tia Carrere naked. twice. <br /> <br /> Acting is one of the worst parts of the whole movie. Dialogue is so unrealistic, and their unreasonable depiction emphasizes even more. You expect the poor actress acting from the action stars alike, but this film highlights some of the most unimaginably bad performances ever recorded. Finally, we get into the heart of the stupidity of the movie: obviously bad actions. There are so many incredibly bad, unrealistic action sequences in this film, it's just absolutely impressive that they managed to find them all. Although Lee has a fair share of the bad scenes, most of the really terrible events include Lundgren. For example, Lundgren will take over four or five kungfu with one hand without spreading tea. When Lundgren surprises the approaching speed, he jumps over him. Or how does he get through the closed door, grab the villain on the other side, pull him back through the door and beat him? Or when he picks up Tia Carrere, he walks slightly (not running) back through the glass door that breaks around him and jumps the one-legged heights with Tiem in his arm, just to lift the car without the slightest effort, and uses them as a barricade to protect them bullets? All spooky clashes are also terrible when Lundgren and Lee instantly kill every bad guy while the rainfalls of fifty attackers never seem to hit any of them. This is, of course, until the final battle scene of the film. Lundgren got a shot point in the bare chest in the area that even if he managed to lose his heart, he immediately starts filling his lungs with blood and kills him in a few seconds. In spite of that, Lundgren remains in a top position and can earn him in the middle of the show with Yoshida, an evil super villain. And, of course, the passing people dressed in the show as a samurai carry REAL, the fully sharpened katana they both use to fight the sword. Now in addition to his bullet wound, Lundgren receives several deep slices in his chest and arms. Did he stop him? No, of course not! In fact, a few seconds after Londgren easily kills the evil Yoshida (who clings to a circle like a target and then unconditionally gets into the flame), Lundgren returns with Tia and Lee as if he has not been hurt at all. God, it's terrible. All these factors are then mixed with a completely unnecessary, unreasonable boredom every five minutes, including women without party topless, headless head, strip club, naked women in Japanese spa, and nonsensical hot bath and Tia's love scene. Not to mention a trip to the bizarre sushi bar, where rich Japanese men eat sushi from naked women. Which, by the way, calls on Lee to say with great false enthusiasm that after defeating those evil people he and Lundgren "go fish out of those naked chickens!" Which, of course, follow a disturbing five. And we can not forget the terrible adaptation, as if the villains crush a person trapped in a car in the waste bay, and the editors left in a really visible view of the figurine. Loans also include a huge list of stuntlers, which means that a lot of action is probably not done by movie stars. In the end, this film repeatedly overcame the crap of badness. It's illogical and impossible, and as a result is remarkably fun. If you're looking for a thoughtful cinema, this movie will make you die. If you are looking for a good laugh and good time is mocking about bad filming, this movie will delight you. As a real movie, I deserve this movie from 0.5 out of 10. As a fun way to waste an hour and eighteen minutes, this beauty takes over the cake.
