The funny sound you can hear when you look at this terrifying version of Jules Verne's classic "Journey to the Center of the Earth" is Verne in his grave. The only thing about this 80-minute opus that has something to do with "The Way to the Center of the Earth" is the title. Otherwise, everything is new in this insignificant production and is not worth it. In fact, the director wrote here at IMDb.COM that he drove only eight minutes to "The Way to the Center of the Earth" and the studio joined the "Dollman" part of helmer Albert Pyun's sequel to his own "Alien by L.A." with Kathy Ireland. It is obvious that the producers have run out of money and have satisfied overseas contractual obligations, inclining Pyun's sequel to Rusta Lemorande's film. Please do not buy or buy this wasteful waste. Unlike director Henry Levine, "Journey to the Center of the Earth" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boone, "Lemorande's Journey to the Center of the Earth" is currently being held in Hawaii, two British nannies and the dog are joined for adventure Richard ("Blind Date" by Paul Carafotes) and his comedic book, obsessed with brother Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith about "Weird Science"), go out to explore the cave, and the Crystal Hero (Nicola Cowper from the "Underworld" for a home service called "Nannies R Us." Being a nanny was Crystina's lifelong dream, she made less of all her five grandmothers, but her sympathetic superior, Ms. Ferry (Lynda Marshall of "Africa Express"), New Crystal's client, rock star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley of "Doomsday"), who plans to revive his career, has a Bernard dog, and Foul wants Crystin and took Bernard to the spa, and Crystina waits for her taxi to arrive when the careless motel co-driver randomly places the basket that conceals Bernard in Richard's Jeep. You see, Foul hid his dog in a basket because motel management strictly forbids pets in their premises. Foul masks the dog as a human child. Crystal captures a taxi and tells the driver to watch Richard. After she got caught with them to get to her dog, the taxi driver departed and left her. Crystina asks Richard to take her back to town, but she has other plans. Unfortunatelly, Crystina joins the guys, loses herself, and then finds himself in the lost city of Atlantis, a dictatorial police state in the middle of the Earth. Atlantis rulers repeatedly inform their citizens that life does not exist on the surface. Our heroes and the hero crashes Atlantis by accident. Atlantis reminds of a disco and everyone seems to be directly from punk rock opera. Atlanta ruler, General Rykov (Janet Du Plessis of Operation Hit Squad), orchestrates the raid on the surface with clones of the first man, Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland "needed roughness"), to visit Atlantis. Predictably, General Rykov's machinations for governing Atlantis and overthrowing the Earth have failed, and our heroes and heroes have saved the day. "The Way to the Center of the Earth" is an abomination. The film seems to be a comedy despite its superficial satire about dictatorships. Albert Pyun is one of my most popular low budget directors, but he fired him for this light snake of sci-fi saga.
