The journey to the middle of the Earth is the story of some Hawaiian tourists, three of whom are siblings, and one of them is a young British guardian who watches the dog. When the siblings were randomly dropped into a basket of dog biscuits, the nanny watches them (it could be much safer than buying more) to the cave that the siblings wanted to explore (I think). For some reason, they actually go to the cave, and when the place begins to hide, they try to get unsuccessful, except for the six-year-old nurse they say they are supposed to help. Meanwhile, they are moving more and more in the cave, the more they continue on the slope further and further towards the cave's core. And here is where they find the city of Atlantis and its bizarre aliens who live under the repressive rule of one foreigner who does not want to ask many questions about the worlds beyond their own. <br /> <br /> I see that Rusty Lemorande, the nominated film director, provided commentary on this film, explaining that part of the second half of this film is actually a sequel to Alien in LA Well, no matter how it was, it was incredibly an inexpensive film that I would throw only slightly more lightly than City Limits, because the worst piece of the most disjointed film that cuts the horns has made the least of the last 20 minutes to feel some humor and fun when we finally see what life is in a foreign world in the middle of the Earth. I also give her two stars rather than one, because it was sometimes fun, though only in its subtlety. For example, an alien asks a British girl if she is a foreigner and explains that the ministry should send her work visa briefly. Or, if the extraterrestrial girl finds Bryan and explains it is in the city of Altantis and is missing for Atlantic City in New Jersey. Such little things make the idiocy for the first hour or so acceptable. Imagine how great a movie would be if they had 1) really intended, and 2) they really had the money to do it. <br /> <br /> I like how no one finally believes what happened to the little sister who was sent in the beginning to get help. She just wandered around the Hawaiian caves and not too far from the exploding volcano.
