Josh Hartnett's dead eyes, dense writing and Harrison Ford is in a comedy comedy! Here are 3 reasons why you hate it, avoid it and make better use of 116 minutes of your life. Movies with friends are fun. However, their true golden age was in the 1980s and 90s. Creating the one who tries to combine action and comedy through Hollywood police alone is certain that it is a good idea, but the ultimate result has turned out to be the least spoof of the podgenera, but the reason why God ask for devotion to all previous films of the same kind , while the worst of them was in any case larger than (Hollywood Homicide). What really happened with this fun pattern? It has not been the same for decades. You should have a crazy flop after another. (I Spy - 2002), (National Security - 2003), (Taxi - 2004), (Starsky & Hutch - 2004) and the worst of them (Miami Vice 2006)! <br /> <br /> I believe one of the reasons is a natural case of saturation after many similar movie films and TV shows after two decades. Add to this, especially here, careless acting and boring humor. In fact, this issue is totally unbearable this time. Yes, we have the characters of two loyal policemen who have the second job and background of a sinful city, but what else was new ?! It's not a cliché; it's about a couple of restorations combined with clichés where both were badly made. The acting, especially the (Hartnett) party, is terrible. This man is just a comedian (or an actor!). So his character wanted to avenge his father's death! Revenge of one's self, probably lost tracking your acting! Even small roles have won people who have nothing to do with comedy (or it seemed like that!). Direction fails when presenting something comical or rough, some parts have been highly boring (black boxing by space); it's a rare time to be boring in what's going to be action / comedy! They did not use Hollywood alone, either as an ironic place where a superficial spell is an ugly face or even a place full of shining or fallen stars (cameras that would give them some interesting moments). <Br> <br /> <br /> It's a very simple film that has been broadcast that it is only possible to watch its stellar spell and as Buddy's film that ends up as one of the worst cases of two stars with an anemia on the screen one of them has no chemistry with the screen itself! Guess who ?!), and Buddy-Cop destroyer more than a movie! God, do not make me or my children live enough to be witnesses (Hollywood Homicide? Part 2)! Finally, look at Harrison Ford's performance, he wanted to have a good time, but at least we did not.
