Lame film. Completely uninteresting. No chemistry at all between Indian Jones and the guy from Black Hawk Down. The scene of car rape continues on and on to the ad in the museum. He can switch the vehicle several times, but always ends up right on the wrong tail. The scene in which Hartnett catches a family car with crying kids on the back was as silly as it could be. He tells them about Eastern philosophy and about being dying right, which I think writers think is fun or even funny. It just came like a fool, totally unbelievable, and even cruel. Some subplots were not explored, they were only used as fillers. Why does Hartnett get worse when she sees dead bodies, but still orders burgers on crime scenes? Why and why is the wrong IA guy suddenly arrested outside the head by the boss? Why can IA pick up police buddies and then let them answer their phones or pretend to be Indian mystics, and then just leave them out of the waltz without being like a wrist slap? For some reason, although Ford is revealed as a fraud and scam when acting as a real estate broker (he creates prizes when he tries to sell the house of a producer to raise his own commissions), they are still coming back to him anyway! They knew he was lying to both of them! Yet they got there that they both said I would never go. Foolish, just stupid. It is also one of those police movies where hopelessly fire on public streets without care around the world for innocent surrounding audiences. They were there, just standing on the sidewalk, where they shuddered as people tried to cover. It's amazing that they did not attack one person after burning about 60 rounds each .... The scriptwriter was terrible, the action sequences were boring, a conspiracy only pivotal to very pathetic attempts to have a root for Ford and Hartnett. He is not satisfied. And Ford's phone! Change the damn thing! How many times could it ring in a two-hour film? 50? 60? It was a frustrating worsening in the middle of the movie! Every 30 seconds would be a stupid melody! And if it was not for Ford, then Hartnett was ringing! It was incredibly unpleasant! <br /> <br /> The complete loss of time, the worst Ford movie from 6 days 7 nights, which was undoubtedly the lowest point of his major career.
