Well, this movie really felt so strong I was registered to IMDb just to warn people. This is clear AWFUL !! Nothing makes sense in this movie. There is too much subplot for the beginning. Person Josh Hartnett is an ambitious actor and yoga instructor, as well as a policeman who seems to be alive beyond his means and only teaches yoga to hot girls (Some of them wait naked in the whirlpool when they return from work). Add to that the fact that his father was killed by a criminal police who just happened to be in the current crime scene investigating an unfortunate duo. Harrison Ford is trying to sell real estate to her side and sleeps with a former wife of Internal Affairs investigator who does not want to follow a psychic radio show. NONSENSE! <br /> <br /> I can not remember the names of characters (so it's forgotten), so we'll refer to them as Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> Then the dialogue is brutal. I mean the so-called "Throw in every cliche in the book (the heart of the heart in the dark bar during the day over the drink where the bartender knows his name, the duo investigated by internal affairs (why?), Hartnett confronted with his killer father) and you have one hell as a mess . As I mentioned, the story is absurd and continuity does not exist: 1) When Ford's car is dragged out, how the hell did repo boys know where to park? They were behind him? 2) When Hartnett goes to the morgue and only happens that the only trace of the crime scene (the earrings) is replicated on the burned bodies there (it was lucky!) 3) When two are arrested and accepted - Ford still responds to their phone and Hartnett "takes himself" on a yoga table. Instead of taking the phone from Ford, the guy IA waited for him to ring and then try to catch him in front of Ford's desk. Meanwhile, the Hartnett Officer's IA with him is shattered by him. Then there are inexplicably two released without answering any questions. 4) During car chases, Hartnett's car breaks and breaks the way around Hollywood, but then suddenly the car is once again perfect. It's not a scratch! 5) When Ford chases the villain into the building and gets into the elevator, how the hell knows what floor the thief has come up with? 6) When they both chase the villain around the hartnett's car, Ford is trying to conclude a real estate deal. Come on! 7) The bad guy is the most unconvincing record. His motivation to kill an aspiring rapper on his label? They could leave their label and it is a warning to other groups to be faithful. But how do you ever sign that business plan? 8) Why is Ford Ford investigating Ford at the end? There is no explanation! 9) And Hartnett gets his "acting" to capture the evil at the end. I could go on, I really could. Anyone looking deeper into this movie than a direct action comedy needs to examine their heads because that's all. It's nothing else! It should not be satirical or ironic. It's just crap.
