Three giant sabottic tigers (created in a laboratory of mitochondrial DNA, a "genetic breakthrough" derived from fossil materials) are randomly exempt from a series of events (eg computer geek introduced virus to unlock security measures to keep a center of a new building closed during construction and security guard leave the gate open in search of the missing page of the porn mag, who flew in the breeze) that threatens the lives of those with whom he comes in contact. Tigers are always hungry, but they can not spend what they eat. So the tigers simply divide their prey into pieces. The victims include a group of college children (stereotypes include a goth, jock and tech nerd girl), security staff, and the somewhat developed rich villains that we can easily despise and wish for terrible deaths. <br /> <br /> Rounding off a series of bad science fiction movies, Attack of the Sabretooth has some of the most poorly computer simulated animals I've ever seen. And the final sequence of death is so confusingly presented, in the deepest corners of your soul you will demand the time spent on this really terrible exercise in the canon clan. There is some good dark humor derived from the head being torn from the neck, but even prosthetic work is not convincing. Parts of the prosthetic part of the body and blood, as a sacrifice, fall, cry for help, and receive none. I'm beginning to sound like a broken record, I repeat myself in every comment of the user I'm writing for these science fiction channels. I think maybe it's time to move on to other types of cinema. Robert Carradine plays a role as a merciless businessman who is responsible for the truly repugnant former brother-in-law Nicholas Bell, the one who opened Primal Park, a zoo with genetically created Sabreutu tigers because it is a great attraction. Stacy Haiduk, who is still very fabulous, is a security officer who tries to persuade Bell to get investors and hopes to invest in his million dollar projects to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is Haiduck's mistress and his role is the mechanic of keeping operations seamlessly. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate at the end, which is the result of a scraped teeth from sculpture, is a pit. Carradine spends a lot of the movie that has fun with Bell, his arc of nemesis. The view of the tigers shows people in bright colors how they move. The film eventually consists of characters passing through the dark corridors (the technical killer broke the power), who is afraid of his safety. High school children are breaking and entering the game to get some needed items (it's a type of myth-hunting activity) to join fraternity / association. The cast play played by these children does not rise above their clichés.
