The film starts with a manager (Nicholas Belle), who gives nice investors (Robert Carradine) to Primal Park. A secret project that mutated a primary animal using fossil DNA such as Jurassik Park, and some scientists resurrected one of the most serious predators of nature, the Sabretooth or Smilodon tiger. However, scientific ambitions become lethal, and when a high-tension fence opens, the creature escapes and begins to wildly watch its prey - human visitors, tourists and scientists. Meanwhile, some young men enter a designated area of ​​the security center and are attacked by a pack of large prehistoric animals that are more deadly and larger. In addition, security agent (Stacy Haiduk) and her friend (Brian Wimmer) fight hard against carnivorous Smilodones. Samaritan males, of course, are the real stars of the stars and they are tremendously terrifying, though not convincing. Giant animals wildly haunts their prey and the group runs hopelessly and fights against one of the wildest predators. Moreover, the third Sabrath shook his victims. The film delivers goods with lots of blood and bleeding, like a head, hair that rises, full of fear when the Sabretooth appears with average special effects. The story offers exciting and stirring fun, but it results in quite boring. Giant animals are mostly made by a computer generator and look completely miserable. Associated performances although players respond appropriately to becoming food. Actors give energetic physical performance avoiding animals, running, binding and jumping or hanging on the walls. And wrap the ridiculous last deadly scene. Not for young children, realistic, horrific and violent scenes of attack. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are: "Sabretooth (2002)" by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and much better ¨10,000 BC (2006) Roland Emmerich with Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Belle . This film, filled with bloody moments, is poorly directed by George Miller and without any originality because it accepts too many elements from previous films. Miller is an Australian director who usually works for television (tidal wave, way to the center of the country and many others) and occasionally for the cinema (Man from the Snow River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe). Rating: Lower average, lower barrel.
