I give score 3 NOT what I would give the original Soviet version of this film. It seems that the American-International film, which specialized in an ultralight fare in the 1960s, bought this film and completely destroyed it - it cut two hours plus a 64-minute movie! In addition, many of these 64 minutes were new material (like "monsters") - so you know that this film carries almost no resemblance to the original. The original film seems to be a direct drama about the Soviet conquest of the universe - though I'm really not sure what it was originally! To look into the original movie, read the Steven Nyland Review - it was very useful. <br /> <br /> By the way, this was the third Soviet science film that I saw American American bought and then hacked in addition to creating a "new" movie - a standard practice for a company that was willing to put on the screen something to avoid - provided, of course, that it bothered more than just a dollar First place !! This americanized film was about two competing world powers (not the US and the Soviets) who were trying to be the first on Mars. Complex "bad boys" try but fail and "good guys" rescue one of the idiot astronauts and then head off to Mars. Unfortunately, they are temporarily stuck on the Moon on Mars, where they see some monsters (added by America-International), which are REAAAALLY cheesy and one carries a resemblance to a certain part of a woman's anatomy. Then they are saved - they returned to the heroes. The bottom line is that the movie was crippled - an incredibly beautiful artistic subject (on time) turned into a Grade C movie. Because of this, the Soviets really had a reason to hate America! I am just shocked that the terrible work I have done with this film has not convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these junkies! It is worth looking for laughter, but the really bad moments that make you laugh are far and away. So the movie is crazy - it's not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movie enthusiasts and too far to be taken seriously. I would like to see this movie in its original form - it had to be some picture.
