Monster is a terribly terrible movie about a bad American concrete factory (there is something else in Hollywood?), The polluted waters of the small Colombian town of Chimayo somehow create a catfish like a catfish with the advantage of lamb and free women. James Mitchum is Bill Travis, a man sent to Chimayo by his noble boss Barnes, who can not keep his hands from the back of his secretary to get to the floor (the intended vocabulary) of the story. While in Chimay Bill, he has to fight with an annoying reporter who apparently transmits all his stories in perfect English straight back to America. I think that in the 1970s there was a market for news from small South American cities. There is also a radical named Sanchez, who wants to sabotage the water pollution factory, which incidentally also supplies the city with work for local residents, but why the economy of the cold heart goes into unpleasant enviro-Marxism. Pete's factory boss unconsciously helps the monster when he has sex with his ex girlfriend on the beach, tells her he sees the daughter of Mayor Juanita and is among them, and she immediately ate them that night. A little side event without evidence. My hat is up to you, sir. John Carradine closes as a priest who believes God sends a monster to punish sinners. You can see the scorn he has in his face in this movie. It could also shoot as he runs to the local currency to see if his checks have not reflected. Probably based on a true story, so much that they say it twice in the opening credits, this movie is terrible in all directions. The shooting began in 1971 and was abandoned eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his foot on Monster's throat by adding his two poignant children as new characters, and even putting his daughter Andrea in top billing with Mitchum and Carradin. Sound quality does not exist and most scenes look like someone has blurted the tar in front of the camera before filming. This is made even more tedious during many scenes at night. The monsters themselves are ridiculous when the ugly gummy head leans against the counterclockwise end. James Mitchum, along with his brother Chris, is proof that the nepotism has to be twisted in the acting industry. Incomparably dignified. John Carradine is charging you.
