While not exactly insulting, the 1967 version of The Perils of Pauline is sad. The title could lead you to the expected hut Pearl White (the original Pauline in the series 20 episodic silent 20 episodes), but you'd better serve Betty Hutton in 1947. This 1967 version is a mixture of "Casino Royale" and the weakest of Elvis movies. The worst of all is not a mixture of these, but rather like a bitch-carton together segments from everyone so that the thing jumps back and forth between two styles. <br /> <br /> What unity in production comes from pair Pamela Austin (Pauline) and Pat Boone (George Steadman), a good match because they both lack the most basic acting skills (imagine Mandy Moore playing against Dan Quayle). <br /> <br /> Austin would later play against John Aston in "Evil Roy Slade", with talent differences between them really painful to watch. In the mid-1960s, she was the girl "Dodge Rebellion", as such appeared in a similar series of dangerous situations - imagine Sandra Dee in a dark blue suit. When a car manufacturer's advertising agency replaced her with a Dodge Fever girl, someone had a clear idea to show her a feature film. <br /> <br /> What story here begins, Pauline grows up in the Baskerville Foundling House, where she plays the actress who played Mrs. Chatsworth Osborne Sr. to "Dobie Gillis". George falls in love with her (Pauline - not Mrs. Osborne) and sabotages several opportunities she has to accept. George is leaving to look for his fortune, and 19-year-old Paulina gets a job to teach the young oil-rich young prince. When she tries to add an attractive blonde to her hare, she escapes and goes from danger to danger. These include African pygmies, millions of years of age, who want to freeze her until his one-year-old grandson is old enough for the wedding, the film industry, and the Russian space program. All this is meant to be stupid and charming, but he controls only a silly part. There is an effort to integrate silent film into action sequences by simulating the camera's undercurrent (accelerating the action). Unfortunately, everything else (film composition, production, adaptation) is depressing in the 1960s. Nothing here will touch the Pearl White paintings attached to the log, moving toward the buzzer or bound on the railroad line waiting for the approaching train. And what else do I know? I'm just a kid.
