In the summer, which also boasted such nasty offenders as the snakes on the aircraft and the Da Vinci code, it is quite a bold statement. But I still stand behind him. Superman returns, just like King Kong 6 months ahead of him, is too long, overweight and with CGI to eyeballs. My God, these things make my head. Richard Donner had the idea of ​​"keeping it" for his two excursions. And I find my approach to special and optical effects the most appropriate. Brian Singer bombers us with so many CGIs that he really takes you off the story and constantly reminds you that you are looking at a rabid blockbuster who thinks the only way to impress the audience is to spend $ 250 million (a totally irresponsible amount of money) to unpleasant visual effects that do not live on hype. We've seen everything and we're everywhere that CGI can take us. There is no real atmosphere or involvement in it. And for a 95% movie from this bullshit ... you can do it well. I've read so many reviews from fanboy critics about how the movie has "soul" or "human heart" or "mercy of moments". Puh-rental! We already had embarrassed superhearts who said softly, "You love me if you knew who I am", ten times in recent years, and the SR has absolutely nothing new in this respect. Even land is recycled waste. Lex Luthor (seriously mis-cast and hammocks Kevin Spacey) rendering to destroy the US land area has already taken place in the first movie! And, well ... that's your lot! It's amazing that they've managed to take out this junk mail for 2.5 hours of pain! Even if the cast would be pleasant, it would be less intolerable. But Brandon Routh has a mahogany hat person on the screen, Kate Bosworth is totally unconvincing as a journalist who won the Pulitzer Prize, James is 250% wooden, and Kevin Spacey really needs to burn his agent or get some better judgment. The only cast member I liked was the beautiful Parker Posey. But I'm in strangely looking girls. Every year, movies are growing and bombing. Pretty soon we will have 300 million movies. Students need to realize that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. For all the money that Warner spent on this pile of crap, because all the money that this movie is worth doing ... was it worth it? In my opinion, certainly not! These garbage brought me the life of Superman!
