This film was extremely badly conceived from every angle except the technological one. I stood and noticed how they all started out of the theater, and their faces were exhausted as if their life had blinked in front of their eyes-their eyes wandered over to their neighbor and wondered if it was them alone. I mean, how could the film really be bad. No one admits, it is the classic case of an emperor who does not wear any clothes. "Who am I to question a movie with a guy who stops the jet line?" But the fact remains, every member of the audience thinks what I'm writing. Actually, I plagiarized their faces. <br /> <br /> It's obvious that Lois is just excited by the force, he will not even have a cup of coffee with Superman with glasses that will not stop the jets. It can not be a "sight" of his eyes on the depths of his soul or something. At Old Supermans she had some level of connection with her, of course she was not the number one priority, but her character was reinforced that she was "torn". I bet Henry Kissinger would even win Loise before Clark Kent. And now it's official, Kryptonite does Superman what he's eating at McDonalds doing on avg. human. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN "ONE" He loses his earthly father, then finds his real super father, the story is charming every step of the way. He is a human, refers to people and feels love for people, applies to high school students, applies to people who feel different. Relate to. It seems that Superman Returns Superman only applies to superperopies and seems to be just "doing the job" when it saves people. There's something about Clark that Lois likes, it's really in love with him, but I can not admit it, and when he comes to the picture like Superman, he falls into love on the rock. Without Superman, she would fall in love with Clarke (at least that's what the film shows, whether it was an intention or not). Superman Returns is a love story between a woman and SUPERMAN, Clark is like a bunch of horse maneuvers on Lois. Literally. <br /> <br /> SUPERMAN TWO I just watched again. As a child, I "thought" that I liked it, but now I know it was a story that kept me and I watched it again and again. If I had seen Superman return as a child, I would have hated him too, I think. <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and soul and super power in this movie, it's bad. Superman gives up his powers for love as the world plot is going on, and meanwhile, Lex Luther has something fantastic in his sleeve. SUPERMAN THREE Now there is a three-way love story between Superman and Lanah. and Clark, only Humankind prevails, and Clark's inner nature surpasses the power of Superman because when his SUPER moral nature is gone and he is Superhuman (who does human things with his great powers), he sees it is not too much of a superman to be in love SUPERpowerman, but SUPERMORTALman he loves - and who is really SUPER. And when he tells Clark that he "favors" Superman, he's excited, he's back in touch with people. He wants to be accepted for who he is, not only for his ability to bend steel. This is the kind of material missing from SUPERMAN RETURN. <br /> <br /> Clark super-sneezes to help the child get a strike - humanity again. In addition, it is an inertifying use of super-drives. It does not only use strong brute strength. Crushing charcoal into a diamond for his wife because he has to sell her, love is the only thing that leads him to use his powers other than for salvation. <br /> <br /> There seems to be nothing at stake in Superman Returns. Even in the movie Superman Three we see the damage caused by the nemesis' world dominance plot .. we see suffering, we see how Pryor and others and the people in the middle of it ... is not a shame, emotional from Lex's plot to sink the United States. We see a ball of crystal in the cosmic space. Superman had to be very creative in the first three supermans to stop the plot against him, he could not "just" access his superpowers. In the first one, he had to stop two rockets in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase history to save the life of Lois ... "That was thirty years!" In the second he had to overcome the three boys that he was much more powerful than, but in combination with Lex's genius and immoral darebacky tactics, Superman's superiority was not enough, he had to work against each other and overcome them ... In Superman III again, his powers were not enough to win .. He had to overcome a computer that computed everything he saw He could not use computer aggression because he had calculated it beforehand so he had to use a benign acid that would react the computer to aggression and find out that it was an acid before it could not simply use its superpowers to burn a fire because it was a chemical fire , so he had to use his superbrains - he could not bring water, so he froze the lake and dropped it to the fire. Now in Superman it it simply lunges the island into the outerspace, as the night tempo for UPS. It does not need to invent anything, it only uses its "super power". And Lex Luther's shine has been shown at the level of the resolve of a drug addict who has come out of junk mail. Not to mention that he threw that island into the outerspace after he had been punctured by the NNM with the cyrptonite right in the bloodstream. And the island itself poured spores of kryptonite in his face, but he just turned his eyes and nose away as if it were not the gray rifle he was looking at.
