I think this movie is a sincere homage to the first Superman movie because it's as crazy and painful as the original. After the opening scene, which consists only of fuzzy intergalactic visuals, to the perfectly futuristic puzzled credits of the original Superman film. <br /> <br /> Then there's something darker. Ma Kent sees a ruddy hand on the farm and slowly spends a lot of my life slowly on foot for a little debris in the cornfield. Then Superman fills her and disappears. Then we'll meet Lex Luthor in the scene of the many dark details of an old lady when she dies. We can not see Luthor's faces until the end of the scene, an early example of a film that does not want to leave any untrained stone. Lex Luthor is a guy who does not like Superman because he is not a human. He also probably does not like people, because sometimes the film contains some kind of plot about Lex Luthor, who intends to kill most of the Earth's population. After a while, Clark Kent will return to his old job (I forgot to mention he was away on a five-year journey where nothing happened). Then he finds out that Lois Lane has an illegitimate child and goes with Cyclops. It makes him so much worse by losing control of his super power to such an extent that he accidentally breaks the image. At this point, we can see that Miss Lane is on some type of nozzle attached to some kind of shuttle. It's an important event because it's on TV. Then we learn that there are people in this building who are following this event. There are also people who watch it on TV and the cockpit are also pilots. The film reminds us that these people are involved in shooting with each other for most years. <br /> <br /> When the events that led to the inevitable disaster began to build, I apologized for having a soda. I accidentally went back to the wrong theater and watched the film about Al Gore, which portrayed the pictures as a whole. I tried to find my way back to Superman Returns, but somehow I dived into the Prairie Home Companion, which I watched twice in a row. That was the time to stop moving around. I went back to the first theater, found my place and looked up to see that the impending disaster of the Lois Lane shuttle was almost on us. It seemed that it still lasted, so I went to the theater, met the girl, married, raised my son and sent him to college. When I attended my son's medical school, I remembered that I would probably have to sign up for Superman Returns, so I apologized and went back to the theater to learn that there was no need to dive. It was still half an hour before things went wrong for Lane's shuttle. When they did, Superman saved everyone, which was pretty nice. <br /> <br /> And then there's a subplot where Superman turns really scary and begins to watch Lois Lane and her family with his X-ray vision and super-hearing. Then she tries to get her to cheat on Cyclops, who looks like a good guy. Lex Luthor has been involved in some kind of contest to show all possible generic villains before the end of the movie. I forgot to bring my screenplay (they give you one by the door), but I think it scored almost a hundred percent. I hope he wins a million dollars. At this point, large finishes will appear. I think the projector was probably broken because the film seemed to have been there for some time. I remember when I saw the dark things rising from the water, that Superman was getting worse, that Superman was improving, back to the dark things, he was sick again, not waiting, he was alright. Then Lex Luthor unleashed his final bad boy moves: he screams at his girlfriend a little. <br /> <br /> Then Superman died and returned to life. I thought the movie was over, so I left. After ninety years, nursing, where I lived, felt a bit cold. I realized I left my sweatshirt back to the theater, and I went to get it done. When I did it, I was a bit surprised to see that Superman Returns had not finished yet. I tried to ask some of the audience what I missed, but most of them were only skeletons with long gray beards. I sat in my old seat and watched Lois Lane move to his house for a moment. Then Superman appeared and began quoting the beginning of the film, and because I had already seen that part, I thought she was all right. <br /> <br /> This is my review of Superman Returns. <br /> <br /> Also, if you like jokes about people who are driving dogs or jokes about having one dog eating another dog, you will love this movie. Because there are two jokes in it.
