First of all, let me just comment on what I like in the movie. The special effects were fantastic and I rarely felt like watching a video game. There, that's the last nice thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I would like everyone who reads to know that I can not even talk about how difficult it was for me to write this review without an oath. <br /> <br /> I have countless complaints about the film, but the four main complaints are coming to mind. My first major complaint is related to the incredible syroveness of the "conspiracy plot" (if you can call it because most people probably saw it pass away), where the 5-year-old son of Lois turns out to be a super-powered Superman child. When a crying super child throws a piano on Lex's friend to save his mother, I almost get up and leave the theater. Singer could have done a much better Superman movie without resorting to cheap tricks as a seemingly fragile, but latently super-powered, illegitimate child. It's been five days since I saw the movie, and yet I want to vomit. <br /> <br /> My other major complaint has to do with Superman lifting the continent made of kryptonite up into space. They do not go to the Simpsons comic to show what's going on. I do not know how many comics Brian Singer reads, but when Superman is exposed to only a small amount of kryptonite, he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. Whoever thought he was going to fly him on a big island that was made of his greatest weakness in space was never associated with any other Superman projects. The concept is as ridiculous as shooting Dracula, where the title character has a strong power over his heart and can still fly a space ship made of garlic in the sun. Why does not Superman just eat the kryptonite? He can eat, then teeth his teeth with him and then go to sleep in a kryptonite pajamas. It's not so absurd when he picks up the continent of kryptonite into space and then falls into the atmosphere without burning it on his way back or spilling across the park as he strikes the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint is that Singer slows films all over her face with the religious symbolism of the whole movie. I have to deal with his characterization of Superman as the only son of God-like Jor-el sent on Earth to be a savior. Jor-el was not wise, he was just a scientist. And he did not send his son to the ground to be a rescuer, threw him into a rocket and hurriedly fired him into space as his planet was about to explode. I will buy Christ's allegory if Brian Singer shows me what part of the Bible, where God sends Christ to Earth, because heaven is about to explode, and then the radioactive sky will become Christ's primary weakness. Next, the crucifixion scene, where Luthor guessed Superman in the side of a kryptonite "spear," just wanted me to hurl my face into bricks until I was too brainwashing to notice that it was not a clear and inappropriate symbol that would nasty the man from steel in the foreseeable future. We could also renaming this movie "Superman Returns: The Passion of Christ." And I talked about Luthor, my last major complaint has to do with Singer's Lex Luthor. Lex Luthor is a smart and cool business mogul, which is better suited to the president (what he does in a comic book) than trying to destroy the world. A man wants money and strength; wants to be in charge, not to destroy everything. Still, Luthor, seen in Superman Returns, like all the previous Superman films, is a crazy theater dune that comes with negligible plans to destroy the world. If Singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of (quite terrible) previous Superman films, this film may not be such an unbearable travesty. Perhaps Singer's next project might be Batman, where he focuses on the performance of the Batman television series of the 1960s. ZAM! WHAP! POW !! <br /> <br /> To sum up, I do not know what I hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to give them good reviews. Everyone has the right to their opinion, but if you hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely encourage everyone who reads to see this movie if you have not done it yet. You do not see it, do not buy it when it comes out on a DVD, do not lend it ... basically it does not pay any money for it in any way. This film does not deserve any money. I think that for everybody who sees this movie, Bryan Singer should be fined $ 45 billion. If you are a fan of Superman and really want to see this movie, just turn around and let someone kick the ball and get the same experience without having to lose 2 hours of your time.
