His MASTERS OF HORROR, NIGHTMARES, and DREAMSCAPES can only be seen as an absolute superscript for the genre, which began in such a happy way with the ROUTE ZONE and EXTERNAL LIMITS. Of course, part of the problem is that it has nothing interesting for a comparable adult audience, instead it focuses on TEN-YEAR-OLDS who are able to count body-bags, and hardly that. So the rudeness is king, and the king is rough. <br /> <br /> Stephen King is simply illiterate? generally has the ability to tell the story of Bart Simpson. Because he can not read his only inspiration, there are movies. It is true that the cinema is not such a bad place from where it has generally escaped the onslaught of "Realism". But these films are just a story, not that, and you have to dig up more deeply to write. Of course, only PICKMAN had monsters as close friends. But even so it should be clear to every undergraduate that the vampires are not Dracula and Lugosi. At least AUTOPSY ROOM FOUR is a clear sign of what is wrong. One can almost imagine that this pathetic dick is sitting when his desk tried to come up with something SCARY. No, you think, you will try to describe the horror of the system of which he is an integral part, stupid stupid, but trying to find a creepy story for your little nephew. Suppose you were paralyzed, and people thought you were dead and started opening you like the autopsy! Would not it be rough? And that, boys and girls, is a story. And what characterization? Oh, yes, it's one of those suits that never told life, you know, and now it's too late, is not it? And he screaming? Well, they can not really hear him, you know? he says he will judge the hospital, but it's not that big shot anymore, you see, you lie there (or it's reputed, I never remember) and everything. And he thinks: Oh no, please, do not cut me and that's terrible, lie (or who) like that? would not it be a great story? You know I read somewhere that it can cause snake bites, I think it was the great medical authority Agatha Christie. What was the name of that snake again, oh yeah, BOOMSLANG ?? it's quite a ring, no. <br /> <br /> We will do it PERUVIAN BOOMSLANG! Sure, Steve, is that cool? except that BOOMSLANG is Afrikaans, you crazy! But how can you really say that the target audience is children and not just mental defects? It's easy: there's no sex. <br /> <br /> Well, it is, but it's the kind that glimpsed through a crack in the door of the parents' bedroom. Modern filmmakers are really big on the erotic aspects of the genre, the monsters, the female victim, the persecution. But unlike UNIVERSAL and LEWTON, they have no idea what's going on. All that really is left is giggling outside the SM club and the fascist credo that people with sexual preferences are really bad. Despite some discrepancy in size, King Kong knew exactly what to do with Faye Wray. Freddy Krueger can only kill her. And because there is no real irritation, must she first torture her? in any case, which could excite her, you will understand, because it would undermine our Puritan views. And so the horror and the romanticism become simply the inconvenience and the care of the psychopaths. Our hero, you see, is a rubber fetishist and can only get on the skin if someone touches it, you know there to know? rubber gloves (giggling). And that's what they use in autopsy, so they will find out that you really know it. Obviously, the author is at the height of his inspirational authority. It's a shame they solved it because it could destroy the FIVE-YEAR-OLDS watching show!
