I just saw the third week of Stephen Kings Nightmares and Dreamscapes mini series; means I've seen 6 episodes so far. I have to say that the stories are really weak. I read Stephen King's Skeleton Crew, a collection of his short stories that were published back. I remember most stories were poor on average, but there was one that was really excellent, if not excellent. What I'm trying to say is just because this mini-series is from Stephen King's story collection does not mean it's going to be good. In fact, if his previous story collection has some indication, then most of these mini-series will be poor on average. <br /> <br /> I did not read these new stories in Stephen King's defense. Perhaps they are good as stories in the book and they are not easily customizable to television, or perhaps it was the mistake of screenwriters in an attempt to write an interesting script. Who knows. Also, these short stories could be created exclusively for this mini-series and not for press purposes. Maybe it was a problem. If Stephen King handed these editions to the editorial staff, I'm sure the editor would immediately say he's more interesting because it's just boring. that is, the problem is with stories / script, not actors and actresses, because this mini series has some excellent people to act on it. Seeing this mini series really does appreciate those old "Twilight Zone" series. Each series was only half an hour, but it was convincing and unpretentious. I do not understand why this mini-series could not achieve similar performance. I'm sure this mini-series has a lot of money to make a good mini-series, but unfortunately it can not click anything. For example, two episodes appeared this week. The first was a horror writer who bought a film by an artist who committed suicide. The writer begins to see the changes in the picture when he goes home. He feels uncomfortable, throws the picture, but he still appears. Also, the portrait of the man in this picture kills people and is to kill him. (I will not even mention the second episode of this week about criminals and their booty because it was even more boring than that episode!) <br /> <br /> This premise is interesting and the story should be good, I was frustrated because There were too many gaps in the story, just like strange materials that turned out to have not helped the story. After the last scene, I had more questions than answers. I tried for 3 weeks to get into this mini series, but it was simply too bad for bad stories / scenarios. If it were a movie, I would recommend that people wait for the film to appear on the cable or the like. I do not even want it to be rented in your video store. Since it is a TNT, a cable channel, I would say if you have not seen it yet, then try it for a week. If you do not like this week, then you will not like past and future as they all have the same boring feature.
