Most of Stephen King's short stories are small precious stones, with original ideas that have not developed for long; basically inclined and obvious - quickly set them on a limited number of pages, read them, and end up before you know you've started. They are the equivalent of a box of McDonald's French fries - it tastes really good and you know there's not much nutritional value (literally it does not talk about a universal human condition), but you'll still be staying, just do not be a piggy and go to extra large size ("too greasy" is a metaphor of prose in King's novels when you find out that you have read one of them and you have said - enough with popcultural observations or clever Yankee asidey - to continue the story already!) He produced four books about storytelling collections. I read them all - from NightShift to the latest, Everything's eventual, and they all show the efficiency of getting to a point that is sometimes very lacking in their tomorrow's romances. <br /> <br /> But his short stories never exceed their welcome ... which brings us to Nightmares And Dreamscapes ... How the hell (the producers of the series) got a light that turns off stories that usually reach 15 pages in 50 minute episodes? I'll tell you how - two words - "Stephen King". Stories with their name probably did not take them cheap and one hour shows that they allow more than half an hour's ads so ... what the anthology should be mostly episodes of 23 or 24 minutes has changed to double the length and twice the trading time ... Ka -Ching! I will not waste time synopting the lands of these stories - this review assumes that you've already read stories and / or seen the show; what's next is just my reaction to what TNT introduced ... Out of the four installments so far, there are ten percent of my rating (from first to worst): <br /> <br /> Battleground is not a classic anyway, but hey, how could anyone argue with William Hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialogue? And the speech and reference to the destruction of Zuni's murderous Trilogy Of Terror showed me that the producers (and the writer of teleplay, the son of Richard Matheson, the writer TOT) knew it was lethal and fun. It took longer than I got to Hurt's apartment, but I think he has accomplished his goal. 8/10 <br /> <br /> The Last Thing of Umney - It was because of the idea of ​​William H. Macy. I think the writer / Umney should appear in the story before it becomes a private eye / Umney, because it was the real story reality and anyone who met the story of the king (probably half, if not more) Chandleresque arrangement should be interrupted by the reality of the writer, so we continue with that and we omit the cute and clever hard cooking - "Private Dick banter". Once the writer's / Umney's family tragedy began to reveal, I thought the show would develop an emotional connection that made the viewer (at least me) feel sympathetic to Macy's real life attempt to escape his pain by usurping the exciting fictional work of life. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The end of the whole mess ... This title is how I felt about this episode when it ended. After twenty minutes I was ready to shout on TV - OK, we already have it, the younger brother is Mega Mensa Genius Prodigy Extraordinaire! We know from Ron Livingston that we are talking to a camera ("I do not have time" - it was not enough for me, I thought) that the young guy is about to find something really bad for humanity - we know because it's already built , but he almost died because he could not take him out of the way of the tree; and exploded his chemistry lab when he was teaching chemistry (thinking that the end of the world could be prevented if only this child had some other parental supervision). So much time was unnecessary for the genius of Henry Thomas to get off to finally find his discovery - the end of the world by an unintentional idiocy - how much should we see from the world "ending?" - an inexpensive videotape of the rapporteur that begins to forget about what it reports, and a short radio broadcast announcing the day of judgment is at hand. And brother brothers burned and sang old songs. My point is that if your story really is about "the end of the whole mess (the world)", I want to see a "mess" when it goes into flame and crashes and burns. Talk about the ending with the knuckle really. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Crouch End - This episode has completely eliminated me. I could live with the exposition of a happy couple coming to their hotel, playing a tickle, lunch and getting a taxi (it was half the episode) if they finally crossed the Crouch End episode, but they did not succeed. Not only was it not frightening, it was practically ridiculous. Ooh, look - cat ... wait, it turns around ... oh god! Look at it is a scary eye! Uh-huh. They could have gone a long way to shoot the Crouch End sequence at night instead of daylight. Things you might inadvertently find fun are more scary when you see them in night shadows. But I think the budget was not high enough to shoot at the fraudulent London kits they drowned at night. On the page, it's a very scary story about tourists heading for places they should not have, and about terrible things that could hide just around the corner. The only terror in this adaptation was leadership and acting - it was really scary. 1/10 <br /> <br /> Total series Average (so far): 4/10
