Nobody goes to The Hills Have Eyes 2 and awaits the second arrival of Citizen Kane. The same goes for most of the horrific, low-profile movies, especially those that Roger Ebert described as "Dead Teenager Movies." The Hills Have Eyes 2 definitely qualify as a movie for young teenagers, just here with teenagers getting the superficial appearance of military practitioners. Some will have to deal with the line "it's just a movie," they're brought up in the movie, but I've always been firmly convinced that all good fantasies must be rooted in reality to be effective. In Hills Have Eyes 2 we have to believe that the main characters are soldiers on the exercise but look and talk like kids in high school camping in the desert. Dialogue is terrible and often vulgar to surplus. Though the films are not nearly comparable, I still imagined that these "soldiers" are in the Platoon and shudder with fear. Very little about characters evokes a soldier other than rifles and fatigues: radio transmissions are conducted as teenage phone conversations; Colonel is addressed as a "hey, asshole" by private. And it seems that no one has any idea what to do, or any sense of the structure of command when things start wrong. I mean soldiers in James Cameron's Alien, a film of pure fantasy, and how the futuristic Marines, despite their fantastic situation, were real soldiers. Fantasy rooted in reality. I'm trying to start watching the movie as 5 on the 10th scale and judge its strengths and weaknesses. You must authorize material concessions; in any case, the Star Wars are not as good as the Godfather under the same conditions. But both are excellent examples of their kind. In this respect, while Hills Have Eyes 2 is a pretty awful exercise in amateur and immature writing, it's only slightly worse in this respect than the typical Dead Teenager Film. On the technical side, it seems that the film has a fair production value and is quite well made from this perspective. Scenes that are supposed to shock or cause urgency or tension usually work. So when you look at The Hills Have Eyes 2, it can really be a fate worse than death, there are certainly far worse movements of horror in circulation. It is worth watching for those who like this kind of thing without the usual fanboy luggage or those who do not tend to think of any movie they see is either the best or sometimes the worst. If you do not have "horror," especially the Dead Teenager, you probably will not have the time. <br /> <br /> 4/10
