The remake was an excellent film remake in every direction. Most remakes ended with total waste, but under Alexandra Aja's highly talented direction, it has become one of the best ever made in terms of remodeling, and also with regard to the mutant inbreed of human horror subjak. In part 2 of Martin Weiss's next-generation director, written by father and son Jonathan and Wes, "I can not make a good horror film that would save my life" Craven and if there's any indication of Weisz's skills and young Craven skills writing, we're all in a painful future, as THHE 2 not only is not as good as the first, but also fails to entertain at any level. Getting started with a relatively graphically mutant birth of a child that's fine, it will not prepare you for getting to the full waste, just for what might be in this movie. Then we look at the crew of the scientists, who will be briefly introduced and broadcast our radiated rejection. In the footsteps of our primary reserve army to save the day, that's where the major problems begin. From very underneath (for this type of film), to horrible characters to lack of true bloodshed for most of their operating time THHE 2 will become a work to watch because nothing will happen because idiot soldiers make mistakes just because to meet the dead, not mutants, but themselves. Think of Marines in foreigners just the opposite, and you know how well these soldiers are trained. This is the real damage to the movie because most of the Hills residents do not get the kills you'd like to see as well as in the first movie, in fact, if it did not have the beginning of THHE 2 attachment and a brief overview at the beginning of this free dating first could be almost Sci- Fi Channel original. Mutant Mountainbillies are also not so fun this time in fact in many ways that they are far lower to our previous dose, because they all come out of being somewhat designed and uninteresting. Also the one who took the cake was the Sloth-like Mutant (you know Sloth of Goonies) who helps him in the 3rd act. I was waiting for him to ask for Baby Ruth or to go to Rocky Road Ice Cream. Really disappointment and shame is the only way to describe most of them. <br /> <br /> Gore is in the movie, but not nearly as visceral as the original, in fact it looked different from the mutant baby birth scene there really is nothing that excelled as in the first. Another major strike against this film. So what worked here, the answer is nothing at all. It feels like a sequel that was specifically designed to make money from the success of the first and not create a really "good" movie. I can go on the miserable SGT drill. has a speech barrier (that's right, he's the kind of guy I want to broadcast to help in a real crisis) or a pacifist fighter who looks like the "hero" in the first movie, but I believe you get a point . This movie is not in the same league or on the same planet as the first. He should be given another title and added to the Saturday Night Night series on the Sci-Fi Channel. Real damage as a solid sequel could be done, but unfortunately it looks like another horror movie that drops the ball to almost every level and gets one of my lowest points when I give THHE 2 the same score as his part: 2/10 Terrifying: Words can not describe how bad this film is entirely the polar counterpart of its predecessor in all respects, unconditionally and unnecessarily to the right. Next time, guys, if you do that kind of bad thing ... do not even bother. Please do not support this waste in theaters, save money and thank me later !!!!
