I'm not a horror film, but my wife's nieces and nephews are. So I saw the first movie. It was terrible and tense, but not my taste. Still good. For similar reasons, I am currently undergoing a follow-up. The premise itself is absurd. I can buy that disasters occur in the desert. I can buy that there are mutants. I can even buy that the events can be so strange and strange that the army can decide to join. It's unlikely, yes, but I'm willing to suspend my faith. But under no circumstances am I willing to believe that the military unit to be entrusted with such an area is not able to avoid mutants. As a member of the United States Army, I can assure that while new recruits may lack the sharp eyes and experience of combat soldiers, such recruits would be integrated into a capable team. <br /> <br /> A group of armed soldiers are about to knock out a few mutants with knives. That's how it works. Squad movements, tremendously higher firepower, and of course radio support, would ensure nothing less than total victory. I'm not saying that you would not lose, but once the area is tested as hostile, military training will be preferred, no one would use or even use the bathroom. <br /> <br /> And if it was found that the area was so attacked by enemy groups that the team was not able to handle the dangers, they would like to pay. And believe me that their radio would not be jammed if there was a chance that normal radio would not do, the team would have a military problem with a satellite phone. It is likely that if they could not check every hour, they would search for it. In order to receive this film, you must accept that our soldiers are incapacitated by fools, incompetent leaders and incompetent chain of command. Whilst it may be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant with a map and a compass, our military forces are full of intelligent, well-trained and competent soldiers. Knife shifters are far below our ability to cope. The whole film's performance depends strongly on the impossible to imagine, the film can not deliver. Instead, we are supposed to believe that our soldiers, sailors and pilots are unable to deal with even the most striking threats. As a veteran veteran, I find the film offensive.
