Is not anyone else tired of the old cliché, where the almost dead man appears in the horror movie, gives us some information and then obviously can not explain it? I know I am. <br /> <br /> The sad thing is that use in this movie is worthless. If you saw the first movie (the first remake I should say) then the information is completely worthless because you already know it. I think you may not be worthless for the main characters ... but why does the idiot shoot in the head? Would he not want to live? Sure, he would die anyway. <br /> <br /> This is the second film called "Hills Have Eyes II". The first is the continuation of the original 70th film. This is a place where someone like me is a bit complicated. You see, I'm probably part of a minority of people that my age even knew was at the beginning of HHE2, much less the original HHE1. And now that we have the remake and the fact that this sequel is named exactly as the sequel to the original HHE1 ... it only gets worse! But always .. Original Hills Eyes Wes Craven was decent. Ultimately, however, the idea was better than the presentation, but most likely it had a low budget. To be completely honest, Wes Craven is not such a good director of horror. He made only a few good horror films (The Nightmare on Elm St., The New Nightmare), some great (Scream) and a lot of horrible (Cursed, Shocker, Vampire in Brooklyn). Yeah, and he also did Swamp Thing, but the original HHE2 falls under the second category. I saw only a few minutes, but it was terrible. Now he has written a new HHE2 ... and it's so disappointed! Last year HHE remake was even better than the original movie. It was tense. I think it had to do with the fact that the main characters were the family, not the bunch of beers and pots and sexual crazy teenagers. We felt like dirty. We were in hell for the first hour and finally, in the last few moments, good guys avenged bad guys and felt good. This new film has no strain. No tension at all. Only violent things are usually stupid people. There is almost no menacing presence here. Just ugly hobos hiding under the rocks. I'm tired of horror movies, where people are dying because of the stupid mistakes they still make. The very next day I watched the "Deep Blue Sea," where Samuel L. Jackson went on a walk through the water while talking and then shaking it just because the idiot stayed close to the water .. something nobody in he did not do that! Here's exactly the same. People are leaving to escape, even though they know that people are dying ... seriously, could not wait for the potty? And then, when you think people would learn, somebody go alone! Seriously, is not it more terrifying when characters bring their A-game and are still losing? I would think so ... <br /> <br /> Even under the van. It was to make the first remake look like the "The Fog" remake (which was less threatening than the episode "Becker"). More bad. More time in caves. More tension. More of all. <br /> <br /> But that actually means a downgrade. Less bad. No tension. Surely we have more time in the caves, but there will not be many. In the end, it seems that there are only two or three bad people. The last movie made it look like a whole tribe of people. Where is the tribe? Who is watching the binoculars further? Seriously, these are the things that should bring this film to us, but it ends with exactly the same promise given to us by the last film with this exactly the same "observed" scene. Come on! I'll give it to the devil. The appearance of the film is good .. but it is. <br /> <br /> I do not think the gore fans like it .. though I'm probably wrong! There is a gore (though most of it is accelerated while in the dark), but without the strain and characters she even cares about .. gore does nothing in my book! Finally, you are not scared. Do not be shocked (unless you're an 8-year-old girl). You do not feel like seeing something new.
