Okay, let's get confused here. If it is a continuation of the remake of the original horror classic, does it also automatically remake the original horror classic sequel? Here is the hope that this is not a general rule, like Wes Craven's own sequel to the original "The Hills Have Eyes"? released sometime in the mid-1980s? is easily one of the worst and absolute most redundant horror films ever made. Part two did not have a real conspiracy and re-used the original footage just to further exploit the success of the truly gravel and petrifying assumption. Craven also wanted us to believe that even the dogs suffered from memories and painful memories because the loyal German Shepard of the Carter family had again experienced a bloody struggle with one of the mountain hills. It was a rather disturbing sign that suggests that this sequel will be a terrible failure. Did Remake come out barely a year ago, and here's the sequel? The incredible speed of his release rightly causes you to question the quality of the script. Do not they need a little more time if they want to come up with a movie that should be scary, horrific and worrying? Alexandra Azu, through his excellent film, almost changed his mind about horrible remodeling because he had the courage and intellect to change the essential elements in the plot and added another nausea than anyone could ever hope for. Also Aja is quite a talented young director and has come up with his French instant classic cultured "High Tension", but who is the new director? Aja "The Hills Have Eyes" was an unexpected hit, appreciated by both experienced and older generations of horror fans as well as younger and more enthusiastic target groups. It's a really good film, and although the avalanche of new sequels and clones will be inevitable, it is very unlikely that anyone would be surprised by the surprising quality of his embarrassing interference. Since I have all that in mind, and rather a great deal of personal skepticism, I have to admit that this grim sequel is really not as awful as it was expected. The screenplay is a routine and cliché horror feed featuring a relatively large number of characters with little or no spine and no taste showing the way they are defeated by traditionally repulsive prospects. After the events of the first film, the US Army built a camp in the middle of a new Mexican desert to explore the effects of nuclear tests that took place in the 1950s and 1960s. For terribly mutated survivors from the miners' community who stayed there during radioactive testing, scientists and scientists make up a tasty starter until the mainstream of incompetent soldiers runs through a truck. They are simply determined to omit food and supplies but to meet their ultimate military training exercise when faced with inexorable humanoids who live within the remnants of min. <br /> <br /> This is basically just another smiley figure with silly characters who, even after losing a few of their friends, are still stupid to separate from the group and act as easy targets for killing. It's also very easy to point out which ones are going to be alive from this adventure, especially when one of the soldiers is against all kinds of violence, and another is constantly looking at the videos of his cute 3-year-old son. "Hills Have Eyes II" Completely Missing? how is it expected? originality, logic and credible situations. Mutant miners are not as threatening as their colleagues in the first part, mainly because they are not organized this time and just act like drowning and sex prototype monsters. Because you do not care about the amateur GI. Joe "heroes" and definitely does not feel any sympathy with eyes in the hills, this film is far less convincing and entangled than last year's original. The most important thing is that this second film is not nearly as violent and cruel as the first! The consequences usually compensate for the lack of tension and the absence of surprising twists with extra bloodshed and more graphic sequences of killing, but the action in this sequel is really humble compared to the ill-shots introduced in its predecessor. Are there several scenes that satisfy the bloodthirsty horror fanatics? mainly showing that soldiers fall on cliffs or get shot with their own weapons? but there are unfortunately no violent battle or virulent dog attacks. What a shame! What does it make sense to continue if it does not even exceed the level of roughness and / or gratuitous dirt of the original? Fortunately, the film is never boring or unnecessarily sentimental, and you will be most pleased with all the things that do not make the smallest sense! For example, wallets that fell from human blood heads, women without any muscular force occupied as soldiers with a heavy ass and ?? my personal favorite? assigning a single soldier with a speech disorder to control radio communications.
