Last Year's remake "The Hills Have Eyes" was one of the better attempts to update the indefinitely exploiting horror footage of the 1970s for a new audience. Alexandre Aja has enabled the adventurous personality to develop, and when violence began, it was bad and wild, all in the landscape of flawless photography and production design. I was one of the few people who really thought it was better than the original and was looking forward to a second visit to a particularly dark and cruel world of wild desert mutants. "Hills Have Eyes 2," released just a year after the original, seems to be a gloomy and poorly conceived contender cash deal with little idea of ​​quality. Jonathan Craven's script could have been written over the weekend and given the speed at which this film came to kin, was probably back to every clattered genre cliché in the book and at the same time does not offer absolutely nothing new desert mutant mythology I've always dropped a groan of disappointment when the sequel replaces civilian characters with the army Soldiers are always so lazy writing and never can carry the coarse I think the movie "Aliens" was the only film that successfully made such a transition because of James Cameron's talent, not only because he was driving the best action sequences but never forgetting that the audience must take care of the people who they were killed, he was also ably helped by some really talented h "The Hills Have Eyes 2" makes it clear that director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron, and the casting of television bitters does not have the talent or even the tendency to turn his shiny characters into something close to life, the breathing of a human being. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, every character is a broad and generic cliché. They act stupidly and illogically, they make stupid and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably stupid and illogical deaths. The other half of the film becomes just another tedious scenario going through the dark corridors. "Descent" (in which Sam McCurdy, incidentally, also worked as a cinematography) proved that even this most deduced sequence can still be made with original originality and tension, but we do not see any such innovation. /> "The Hills Have Eyes 2" is just a very lazy movie, rid of any tension, tension or surprise, without being the only individual who would be interested in producing any kind of quality. It's a humble and tired excuse to go on and deserves to spend the rest of your life in a complicated shopping basket.
