"Hills Eyes II," one of the most bizarre and ambiguously stupid sequels that occurs at some point, is the 90-minute incompetent film that fits best. Or the worst, but you decide to look at it. While the remake of "Hills" in 2006 was one of the best and truly horrible horror films, this sequel continued with every spark of what made such a success. Part 2 never gets to the ground and his mind does not interfere with dialogue. The worst of all is not scary. The remake of the year 2006 was followed by a family that was in the middle of the desert in New Mexico, deserted and one by one chose shaken and sadistic people. People who, as a result of military atomic bomb testing in their country many years ago, have become who they are. Surviving travelers who find themselves in the region. The sequel gives the audience the same desert, now occupied by the army, secretly investigating the hills, and what could have become of this poor family. When a group of military practitioners is brought to the camp, they find that they are abandoned without signs of life. A frequent reality will soon happen when they learn they are not alone. And the bloody fate that has been given to many before them will soon become their destiny. It does not matter that Hills has no legitimate reason to exist. But since last year's remake was received well in both the box office and critics, it was no surprise that the sequel would continue to produce while still having to make money. This time there is no rhyme or reason, just an incredible and funny set that paves the way for ruthless characters, non-homicidal murders, nonexistent story, and sloppy interest. Originally director Alexander Aja made Craven's classical cult remake, which was a unique and deeply disturbing experience. The one who crossed the border more than one occasion. His sincere demonstration of violence, sadistic torture, well-rounded characterization, and strained white joints were all effectively used to shock and turn away viewers. The second time it's changed again manually. There is no style, no sand. He's trying to create tension by splitting up the body when all he's doing is he's there, he's made such a nice movie where even the gore looks tighter compared to newer bloodshed. It's a sad situation where deformed mutants capturing women for breeding purposes do not keep your attention. It's boring, nothing more. "Hills" has no bite. In spite of a jump or two here, and there's nothing scary about how he got scared. It feels like something you would see on the Sci-Fi channel, with just some F-bombs, here and there blood, splashes and graphic births that are rougher than shocking. It is cheap. And with 'Hills', you're harvesting what you've been sewing. Without effort, you can not wait for anything in return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Ae with director Martin Weisz for directing was the first major film error, all he does is emptying the film of any emotional resonance. But even more shocking is an unusually bad script written by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You ask how bad it can be? This is the kind of dialogue that makes any comparison look like Shakespeare. Craven had a fair share of clunkers in the past, but I would never expect him to do anything like that. It's so unintentionally funny, you have to wonder, is Craven playing a joke? Or did he spit on his son after he paid off his studies? The characters of the film are one-dimensional vocal heads without emotion or common sense. The game is just as bad. The only person who can fight you is "Napoleon" Napoli, a dirty kid who does not fit with others. Even villains and instinct-driven villains, who have found some kind of favor in the deepest thoughts a year ago, meet indifferent. You hate them, you do not like them. You honestly could not worry less. Just like this movie. <br /> <br /> Though you were terribly afraid of the fear of "The Hills Have Eyes" like me, you will have a hard time finding something you can enjoy in this piece of garbage. It is as generic as generic, and there is absolutely nothing we have not seen many times before. I can not say enough, I avoid "The Hills Have Eyes II" like a plague. It's haunted, non-original, furious and boring. Get closer to the remake or Craven's original vision. Because if you do not go out after the first thirty minutes, do not say I warned you.
