I saw this movie on release and watched him three or four times, including last week. I regret that I must be a voice of controversy over the performance of Mr Branagh. <br /> <br /> It's really a wonderful, luxurious movie, not to be ambitious after more than 4 hours - beautifully shot and designed. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others. Then there's Kenneth Branagh. If there was any vain project for the actor, then it is, and Mr. Branagh does not care to give Hamlet a "ham". From the stunt (which gives us the worst performance sometimes in the terrible scum Jack Lemmon), to make the bits of scattered business go to fulfill the feeling of "nature" to his own performance, which controls the extent of throwing the only most famous soliloquy in the whole literature to scream every other row. His performance confirms that while he may come across better on stage where he is bigger, he is never a great film actor. The budget of the scenery could be charged for eating, Mr Branagh eating so much. His performance is a perfect example of why people do not see Shakespeare - "full of sound and rage, which does not mean anything." And if its direction is bad, it's keeping the camera firmly stuck to its overcrowded performance. It does not matter what theories people can build on Bard, he was finally told and done, playwright. The brilliance of his work lies in the fact that his themes are universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play games, it's certainly great acting, good acting and bad acting. Shakespeare himself gives instructions to the players in the text itself "Hamlet". I am surprised that Mr. Branág has "heard, but he did not hear it, it was an example of spending too much time telling him something and too little realizing what he said. While Mr. Branagh certainly did a great job when installing some fun productions, he should be wise to stay behind the camera and allow those who know the artistic acting to practice them, his direction always superior to his acting, and I still have a tremendous interest in resurrecting the interest in Shakespeare's shooting. He set a great template for other productions, and it would be interesting to see him on the scene, about 20 lines back but I hope he decides to drive more and act less. <br /> <br /> It's worth seeing? There is a lot of little joy in the movie, but it's a long, long movie, and in the end it may feel less like it's been enjoyed before it survived.
