I think all the inner jokes are what the Munchies do cult classic. I thought it was terrible, though, given that this is a ridiculous story and a character's character, it might be a much better (and more fun) movie. Perhaps what they needed was a real budget. Munitions, as many audiences have pointed out, are something of a parody of Gremlins. Therefore, all the links to the movie. The film begins somewhere in Peru during an archaeological excavation. An anxious dufus named Paul, an aspirational standing comedian who does not offer any sarcasm or funny jokes during the film despite his career, is captured with his father in the caves. His father is an unconventional kind of archaeologist looking for a cave, not for works of art, mummy or anything but UFOS evidence. And that's where the poets appear on the picture. Hidden in the rock slot is a ugly little mutant that looks like a gypsy rubber doll with the voice of Gizmo. They call him Arnold, put him in a sack and bring him home so that Paul's father can finally show evidence of extraterrestrial life. Paul, the idiot who is, violates his promise to his father watching Arnold (the bet he made with his father if he loses is in college to get a "real" career). Cecil (television veteran Harvey Korman), a strange neighbor with the next rug, wonders what his neighbors have. So he and his lazy son, some airhead hippie type (which looks more like having made his character biker or heavy metal enthusiast) go and catch Arnold. Why? Get rich quick, of course. And, of course, Cecil's son is too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after several shots and shoots at Arnold, it will multiply to other Munchies. It was not even a movie that was so bad that it was good. It was just terrible. I was hoping that the men would mutate and kill those fools who were always after them, even Paul and his girlfriend. At least it would be one way to get rid of all the bad gaming in this movie that really twist the movie. Not to mention the bad special effects that look like puppets on their hands. And really bad writing all around - it was not funny - not even the young cop who really could give you a murderous attack in your eye. As I said, Munchies, if they got a real budget and better actors, they might have been able to pull a good parody. Fold.
