. . . And that's a bad thing, because at least if it was the movie Throma, it would be a hopeless violence and a greater feeling of anarchist abandonment that would make me a little bit more appreciated. (Roger Corman produced it with an unknown director who was not lost later) Gremlins (1984) / Critters (1986) -wannabe with almost exclusively flat humor, little logic that makes Gremlins so good - fantasy logic or not, no tension, no sense for adventure and no violence or nudity to resolve it. While I'm sure some of the film's problems are hidden in the script - say, no one could deliver these jokes so funny - it seems the biggest blame has to fall into Bettina Hirsch's lap. In more capable hands, Munchies could be entertaining. It finally begins like many great adventure films. Simon Waterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are in Peru on an archaeological excavation. Simon is a bit of a mischievous archaeologist who is always a floating theory about the connection between ancient places and strange civilizations. For example, he thinks he sees evidence of laser cutting of old stones. So, in Machu Picchu, they're looking for more evidence of Simon's theories when he's in a secret chamber. Inside, they quickly find an animal that later bears the "Arnold", one of the title munchies. They take Arnold back home to their little California desert town. Simon, who thinks that Arnold is probably an extraterrestrial creature, has to go to a colleague's lecture and intends to tell his colleague that he has a foreign sample in the end. Paul and his extremely cute girlfriend, Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde), stay in Arnold, but as long as they have not seen, they leave Arnold without supervision while they are in the bag. > <br /> Meanwhile, Simon's brother Cecil (also played by Korman in two roles), the owner of a successful refreshment company, longs to buy Simon's home and country - are adjacent to his own. Simon does not want to sell, so Cecil will hit the scheme to steal Arnold. Things gradually spiral out of control, and the munitions who want to go with their desire for junk food begin to overcome the city. <br /> <br /> It reads better in summary than the screen plays. The best pictures in the movie are those that are in the background with nature, for example, when figures are cast on the edge of a desert town. Interiors, with the exception of Cecil's home, tend to look like poorly decorated, inexpensive sets and, more importantly, tend to show that Hirsch is not too able to block and create shots. Especially, due to the small volume of production, Cecil's home is quite a gem, impregnated, as in the crowded 1980s, to the smallest detail, and Cecil's stepmother, Dude (Jon Stafford), was a fun counterpoint. So bad that it's from the movie so fast. <br /> <br /> Anyway, Korman is an entertaining actor, but he came a lot better like Simon than Cecil. Unfortunately, Simon will be absent for most of the movie. Cecil, who is physically distinguished by the absurd wig and facial hair, is not just the "evil capitalist" of the film, he is one of Korman's classical ruthless, blatant characters - one of his specialties, often capitalized in the Carol Burnett Show (1967). Unlike the Carol Burnett Exhibition, which had a tendency to succeed, as directors Clark Jones and Dave Powers had studied the way to move the jumps to the brink of chaos, Hirsch was so far away from Korman, and the character Cecil simply did not work the way it was supposed to be. <br /> <br /> There are a lot of other directors-related issues, the smallest of which is unusual stimulation and editing, which completely slows down any possible tension or impressive dramatic impact of the film. Even the scenes that should be footwear to improve drama - for example, when munitions harass the old lady on the road - have become too uncomfortable to have a great deal of influence. <br /> <br /> There are also serious logical problems with the story at its stage. Where does the munchie come from in the Machu Picchu chamber? The film trailer seems to indicate the answer, but it has been modified from the final cut. A more serious problem is that, unlike the gremlins, there is no clear reason why munchies would have to go from cute, plush furball to threatening monsters. It just happens. Furthermore, because Munchies were held PG, and violence remains toned down when the creatures are in their monster phase, they are never very threatening. They are also easy to send, at least temporarily. <br /> <br /> It is true that the essence of the film is not tension, horror, convincing track or any other material, but humor. It's more like saving Gremlin and countless rip-offs. The only problem is that the movie just is not fun, even though I laughed a few times. A surprisingly high percentage of jokes is a turbulent cliché. Too much of the remaining material consists of non-promoters. Due to the bad timing from Hirsch, it all just falls. There was the potential to make a film that was also spoof, humorous and horrific, cheerful and disturbing, gritty and thrilling, all at the same time as Killer Klowns from Outer Space (1988). It is bad that the Ammunition is not so close.
