Munchies begin in the deepest darkest Peru (it looks more like some unclean path) where the archeologists Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are on the mission. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec buildings were actually spacecraft control centers and is on a mission to gain evidence that foreign life forms have been visited by Earth, while in such a structure he suddenly finds a strange little creature that he holds in his backpack and takes home with him to the small American town of Sweetwater, California. Simon believes that the creature is the proof he was looking for, and for some inexplicable reason, he decides to leave that thing at home while he is acting as his share. Simon asks Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) to take care of it. Meanwhile, Simon's brother and fast-food businessman Cecil Watterman (Harvey Korman) steals this animal so his brother does not make money for him, but his idiot step-son (Jon Stafford) fights him and digs the knife, but the parts go back to separate small creators that are gradually triggering a trigger between cities ... Bettina Hirsch's must be one of the worst horror comedies ever, if not the worst. Lance Smith's script is so unfortunate that it's painful. Every joke in Munchies lacks the goal for a promising mile, I doubt that humor in this kecik would even appeal to adolescents. It's just not funny in Munchies or even fun in terms of me. The basic story is also crap, they simply find this animal running without explaining what it is, why not seeing it at all, how to learn English so quickly, how to learn how to drive etc. The whole thing is the great Gremlins (1984) does not come out of the elements that made this film so good. Characters are a sad, stupid deputy (Charlie Phillips) and his dad (Hardy Rawls), Cecil wearing a wig and a fake mustache and his wife Melvis (Alix Elias) and others. They're simply embarrassed and ridiculous, I'm not suggesting anyone to find any of these rancid laughs funny. Essentially, Munchies fail incredibly to be either a comedy or a horror, and it will end up, you guessed it, bullshit. Director Hirsch apparently worked with a low budget and showed that the whole thing is happening in two houses, a desert, some caves and a miniature golf course. This is really cheap and incompetent film making. Special effects on the Munchies themselves are really terrible, their simple dolls that have no movement unless someone pulls out a string that is attached to her arm. I can not emphasize how bad these effects are, it would not convince my 4-year-old nephew (as I did yesterday!). Total incompetence all the way, this movie is upset. Technically, the film is terrible, bad special effects, lame production design, garbage sets and well, everything is crap. The actor has shoved and ran from police to Korman, who has two roles to prove he can not act and is not fun. Munchies is a really bad movie that fails in everything it's trying to achieve, sure to watch if you want me not to stop you, but do not say you have not been warned! My advice would be if you were watching Gremlins instead, but your decision is yours!
