Most would agree that the character of Wolverine is one of the most intriguing figures of comic history. I'm not a Marvel expert, but I grew up with the X-Men adventure, and I definitely approved Hugh Jackman, now widely known for the dirty Logan. I used the first X-Men, I found the sequel to be too heavy and dirty and I liked the third one as comic fun. During all three films, I probably enjoyed Jackman more than anything else. I was thinking about the idea of ​​"origins" - talking about Wolverine could well end up being a better film than all three X-Men films. If we focus on one character, I suppose it could be a movie that will achieve what I found in the second film that failed - a fairly complex and character-driven comic adventure. The reason why Wolverine's film fails is not because the competition is harder for The Dark Knight. It's not even because of the development of a conspiracy that is out of the question and rudimentary - though it's definitely not good - no, it's because the movie does not even seem to try it. First, it is not good entertainment. There is something about the action in this film, which is very, very automatic. Without bigger special effects or tension elements, and when one event causes you to predict the next five, it will almost look like the Uwe Boll movie, mimicking the concept of action / adventure film you've seen a dozen times before. Naturally, nothing in this movie is as awfully horrible as the Bolls, but when everyone talks clichés as if they were part of a string of events that is so standard, at least you're making connections and that's pretty bad enough. <br /> <br /> But there is a bigger problem. Even a generic action movie is a generic action movie, and by the way it causes you to forgive a lot of plot of holes and the stupidity of the character. I think we'll find the most fundamental mistake in the title. I mean, "Origins". Really? What do people think about this title for this film? What does that mean? Do you want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. In dramatic situations, she has run away from home. Then they went to war. All! Civil War, World War I and World War II as well as Vietnam. Why did they do that? Not yet known. Eventually, the brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber) became evil. "As?" you ask. I do not know it was somewhere between Omaha and Hanoi. "Yeah, but why?" you still ask. I just said I do not know! The film does not explain. It's all right! "Yeah, but ... you know," origins "" ... Yeah, that's the origin! I mean, rain! Anyway, eventually he will end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers. Something with the government, bastard. Wolvie gets enough and leaves his brother. For six years now, he has been a happy carver with a relative who will end up a little defenseless at a time when Sabretooth suddenly reappears. "Yeaaah ... but ... why?" - Shut up! - and Wolvie decides to be a guinneapige for a group of evil scientists who make him a metal warrior covered in his body. He goes after all the bad people and they come after him and after all the fighting he ends up shaking his memory, the cue X-Men first film. <br /> <br /> That's the origin. You can also find it on the back of the DVD cover. The real movie will tell you nothing. With no valuable scenes of action, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my viewer: Fat suit! Token black guy! Oh, I'll give you 200 in cash if this girl survives this movie .., It's supposed to be Gambit. mmhm, yeah well ... uh-huh, okay), not one line of unforgettable dialogue and zero lines to cover the T-shirt with, added to the common stupid things that will destroy the plausibility that you would mostly forgive. ....., it sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will check or have it already. This is not a stop. But if you did not like X-Men movies for any other reason than they were good and fun - we'll see them again and do no favors by trying to find the origins where there are none.
