Soulless Milking Franchising for Cash Cows. Generic superhero. Presentation of CGI. Gavin Hood is a "series of unlikely events." Combination iteration of mutant combat scenes associated with barren exposure that warrants the emergence / dissolution of arbitrary alliances. I do not expect Shakespeare, but the cliches per minute meter were out of charts: Primal shouting over the sky and kneeling over the murdered girlfriend. Renegade Military Commander. Predictable double crosses. Revenge was looking for a dead lover. Deleted memories. Evil character appearing at the last moment of morality. Incorrect failure of nemes after slaughter in melee. The lover is not really dead. Lover really acts as an espionage for the hero-nemesis hero. Girlfriend / spy falls into the protagonist. Good people work for antagonists to save hijacked family members. The evil leader does not fulfill promises to reluctant employees. A lovingly old couple cares about a tired hero and is murdered for their troubles. Some deaths are turned away when third parties come to the scene before the demise of grace. The hero reluctantly joins the secret government agency. Leaving the elite unit in protest against the defeat of innocents. Scientists unable to control the indestructible machine of killing their own creatures. The obsolete but attractive government "secret weapon" kills a better, but ruthless successor. The hero is passing through the wreck and inadvertently shining a trace of gas behind him. After each surrendered, the flat heart monitor picks up the pulse. The evil leader explains the plans of a hero he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the defeated enemy because it is "better than that". Transparent comic relief figure makes merry underscore and unpredictable comments. Cheerful psychopath enjoys random murder storms. The irresistible Goliaths plunge between themselves over a number of walls and other physical trauma that would kill a mere mortal. One sends dozens of weapons to control enemies with nothing but a skillful sword. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily abandoned. An antagonist using murder of a loved one as a justification for bad crusades. I could go on, but that's only exhausting. If you are over twelve years old and do not live in your mother's basement, there is probably nothing for you. It's so much that it's not too far away from the superhero pariah, so discount everything I wrote if you can not get enough of the genre.
