It's official, people - Hou Hsiao-Hsien does not have a pretty little head in mind. Are you wondering why Shu Qi has chosen his muse? Shu (or is it Qi?) Not shown here. Instead, we can destroy Yo Hitoto, apparently a pop star in Japan - judging by her song at the end, she's a pop star, just like a girl who serves you in Rockin 'Curry's "actris" - and unnecessary Tadanobu Asano, of quality that is obliged to do nothing here, but stands around him and looks like a mummy of Asian hips and is too old to do it. <br /> <br /> Hou philosophy? Life is empty, it's nothing, it feels and it goes on. I would like to do this, but Hou does not give us anything to feel at the Lumiere Café for an indefinite life essay, Life in Tokyo Circa 2003, and irritated observation that people are ships that pass through at night, not by trains, day without would join each other, moving to their own destination, usually some variant of a dark tunnel or perhaps a bridge if they are lucky. So. Flowers in Shanghai are one of the most unique, technically perfect and fascinating films of all time. How could the same director who created the opening film of this film, which contains about twelve actors who have been in the machine gun for about ten minutes - which is impossible directorial performance - trapped and became such a laconic sub-Jarmus reality porn for two movies in line now? Millennium Mambo can be a deadweight but at least two great shots, shots that suggest that Hou is a real vocation as the film equivalent of Odilon Redon: These shots are a sexual scene with arrhythmically flashing lights and an initial shot of Shu Qi floating along the blue corridor. His M.O. while Cafe Lumiere seemed to be removing two great shots from Millennium Mambo to be as consistent as possible. You will be a judge if it sounds appealing. <br /> <br /> Hou does not need to be specified - you can not refine the idea of ​​limbo beyond Flowers of Shanghai. It needs to expand, blow out, free the inner expressionist and revitalizer of the genres that are so nonsensically wiped out on the cliches of minimalism. It's time to make a live action Akira remake or something. This kind of artistic film, in which actors are considered authentic because they are held helpless in long shots and speaks monosyllables, is now every last bit safe, ghettoized and stagnant as the Hollywood action market. (What is the connection between "reality" and people who can not speak? I think people "in real life" will never stop jabbering.) Again, given that 2005 alone brought great budgets as diverse and rich films ideas such as Aeon Flux, the island and King Kong, it is now certain that even Michael Bay surpassed Hou and is really sad. The good news is that although Hou is 50, he honestly feels like he does not even start. There are a few moments in this movie that show that the promise is still there, like a mood a little early in the bookstore when the room darkens on a bloody sunset-red while Hitoto talks about babies with the faces of elves. But any fear holds him back, no matter how comfortable it is, that the same movie again and again brings together a gentle and pretentious movie rescuer, Hou, your time as a darling of Rotterdam, Venice, Toronto, Berlin and all the other film festivals are almost up and people are catching on your double-quick rush. Two words for you: Atom Egoyan. Two more words or maybe three: Tsai Ming-Liang. Now you are harassing both these lengthy scams that are about to visit your dark tunnels forever. Risk your shirt in epic sci-fi, let go of it, shame - but leave social criticism to people who have no eye or heart. Let your painting talent fully express yourself. You will never get out of the limb otherwise.
