I am relatively later to the transcendent work of the author, Yasujiro Ozu, whose masterfully underestimated views of Japanese life, particularly in the after World War II, illuminate universal truths. Now that he has seen several of his major films, such as "Late Spring" from 1949 and "The Tokyan Story" of 1953, I am convinced that Ozu had a particularly idiosyncratic gift that brings a number of feelings resulting from intergenerational conflict through elliptical stories and gentle images. He is Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien, who longs for Oza in honor of his 100th anniversary with this generally disturbing film of 2003. Among co-founder T'ien-wen Chu, Hsiao-hsien seems to get a visual image but does not capture the emotional weight that would make glacial stimulation acceptable. The story concerns Yôko, a young Japanese writer who researched the life of Taiwanese composer Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after her return from Taiwan where she taught Japanese. After 25 minutes of exhaustion, he reveals to his father and stepmother that she is pregnant with one of her students in Taiwan. At the same time, Yôko is a friend of Hajime Cafe, who runs a bookstore, is obsessed with trains, and probably falls in love with her. Hsiao-hsien joins this slim fence line with a series of frames held behind too long shots when changing the composition of the image. There are also long stretches of silence as well as a number of scenes with trains. While these techniques are in line with Ozu style, it seems that Hsiao-hsien is immersed in dog characters as Ozu did with maximum fluidity and minimal theatrics, and in particular, Yôko seems to be unsuccessful in the drama plan, reaction her parents were too passive to be very interesting. In fact, the whole film has an atmosphere of exhaustion, making the movie feel endless. Performance is unobtrusive, albeit hardly memorable. J-pop star Yo Hitoto brings Yôko natural comfort, while Tadanobu Asano is like a cipher like Hajime. The rest of the characters are barely registered, even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Cameraman Lee Ping-Bing provides professional work, even if he violates Oza's essential rule of thumb by not keeping the camera steady when shooting. Hitoto talks - sings a song that was exhausted and ended up with "Hito-Shian" credits. The DVD includes an hourly documentary of the French film "Métro Lumière", which in fact helps to provide some context for Hsiao-hsien access to the film. It contains excerpts from Oza films, especially "Equinox Flower," which show parallels to this film, although surprisingly no mention of "Tokio Story" or "Early Summer", which is an obvious basis for some scenes and set-ups. There are also adapted interview clips Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, as well as a movie trailer.
