I do not have to be a great admirer of the original "Creepshow," but his passive sequel makes the anthology look like perfection! And I was thinking about going back and expecting it to be enjoyable. Five years after his predecessor, George Romero returns on board the EC Comic Style trail, and on this playlist is the scenario for three stories by Steve King. Yet the direction is passed to Michael Gornick. The film is mostly worsened by the uneven brushes from Gornick. Most guilty, however, will have to go to Romero's static and unbearably crumpled scenario (especially in those interviews that go through the first and last stories). Moral news (which came from most of the oxygen figure) simply took on black humor. Oh, that was painful and the same can be said about the live rotten musical score accompanying the picture. Freely connecting three stories (Old Chief Woodenhead, The Raft and The Hitchhiker) are a slightly curious and effective story in the picture that takes place in an animal form of nostalgia (80's). I loved this segment, and the stupid character of Creep was a shining light. The first story "Old Chief Woodenhead" sees two older owners (George Kennedy & Dorothy Lamour) from a general store in the dying Dead River community. Be robbed and eventually kill a couple of punk dying in Hollywood. Before the shop is a wooden statue of an Indian boss who comes to live to avenge his death. <br /> <br /> - Listen to George Kennedy's waffle .. And for 10 minutes throw away how he works for his "great" community. What a pleasant pleasant time. Just like Kennedy's speeches, it's a monotonous, colorless and overwhelmed thing that never does a good assumption. The natural script is simple and the performance is appropriate. These two factors actually contributed to my headaches. When the Indian man comes to life and avenges him with vengeance, they are tempted by a very quick (though terrible) death. The effects were praiseworthy, but what about the free-flowing hair. How could Hollywood knock that hair lock? Ugh! <br /> <br /> # The second story "The Raft" follows a group of drug smokers and yahoo teens headed for a lighter lake. After swimming on the raft in the middle of the lake, they get trapped on the platform because of the ominous-looking creature lurking in the water. <br /> <br /> - This is much better, much better. What begins when your teens run a demon turns into a mysterious, spooky arrangement that is full of tight and claustrophobic tension. Nor does he speculate on nudes of nudity or malicious splashes. That's pretty morbid, and that's true of humor. The surprisingly ironic end has a beautiful touch. Performance from nobodies is acceptable without being overwhelming. Gornick's direction keeps on the uncomfortable and rather gooey side. While an alarming musical score on this occasion compressed true chords. The fragile creature in the lake (as many of them mentioned) looks like a black-and-white sailboat (yeah, you read it right!) Floating on the water. <br /> <br /> # Finally, number three closes with "The Hitchhiker". The rich but sexually deprived woman is on her way back home after she was with her male gigolo, but she's late. When we think about some ideas to explain her delay when needed, she jumped out of the way and accidentally hit a hitchhiker. Instead of checking and getting help, she leaves in the hope of returning home to her husband. Soon she is terrorized by the dead body of a dead hitchhiker. <br /> <br /> -It's not terrible, but I really did not get into this laughing senseless exercise. Compared to the first two, he liked it and tried to get dirty bones instead. Lois Chiles was in the lead role, but the constant assurances and the little conversations that had happened with themselves were getting worse and they were totally tired. Live make-up effects are well displayed and drip-to-see. When he encounters a hitchhiker, that's when he becomes hectic, cheesy and overcome in his execution. From there, do we constantly hear our reportedly dead tracks of repetition and repeat? and repeat the line: "Thanks for driving!" This happens every time he chooses to go over it. You have a little courtesy for a dead darling. <br /> <br /> The second story of "Raft" and unpleasant, well-conceived effects is all that raises this far worse sequel.
