We were all there, sitting with friends watching the bad movie, laughing at how bad it was and how poor the acting; in the end he will go to credit, and everyone looks around and says, "How could it be that a movie that paid the money was made to make this script a feature film?" No Jigsaw is not such a movie, instead of asking how these garbage is counted and wondering why the manufacturers were fired from the cannon into the sun. Yes, Jigsaw is perhaps the worst film ever created or conceived, it comes from the guy who saw Campfire Stories and Fever Lake. The film begins in a sort of college class, which class I'm not sure of, but it's a class of art. Now these dudes got the final project of their idiot teacher, five of them got mannequin pieces and told him to suggest it in any way they think fit, and since there are only five pieces that the other students in the class get and automatic A, it's weird, that in this class there are only six students, so one goth chic gets free A, good for her! One week passes and five students plus a teacher and one hillbilly husband meet at the bar to discuss and complete their project, put the pieces together, head, arms, legs and inform others why they chose their specific suggestions. these creative geniuses have used the week to make full use of them, one puts a saw blade in his left hand, the other gets a cut shotgun, the right foot gets a lot of broken ceramics stuck on it and left some magazine cuttings, the head is the worst to get the camera in the eye, a Hellraiser 3, with some rockets for stylish mo-jawk. After everyone has scattered their courage about their specifics, now a drunken teacher says they have to burn a figurine that is now appropriately called Jigsaw. Until that time, it was a standard horror film fair, bad acting, dialogue, and everything else, but it is quite likely, but after Jigsaw captures the fire, it turns to the worst ... Jigsaw comes alive. ask? I do not know, it just does, because the writers could not think of a realistic way to form plasticized plastic to stay alive (come guys, lighting, voodoo priest priest, something could work.) So once Jigsaw comes to life, he uses his new abilities walk very slowly and tightly with the use of shaped fingers to cause confusion. At first he kills a cold guy with a barbed wire, the guy who is about to get it with hot chic, decides that drinking beer in the distance is more important than what is ahead of him. With him, Jigsaw shoots a sexy girl into his face and then gives the old man a heart attack with a slight twist of his head, then he sees the ugly looking southern woman and then her hillbilly husband; Jigsaw then kills a righteous guy with some headless scam. Did I mention that Jigsaw took the bodies from the victims to create the human version of herself? No! Not even his insignificance reveals his makar creature, nor does he show that he steals his hull from his poor creators (perhaps trying to create a detective from In Living Color). So after these five were killed, the teacher and the nerd girl are all who are left, the teacher finds out that Jigsaw needs only the head to complete his masterpiece because he is still uninterested in the matter. So he's a coward, he's a teacher tying a girl as a victim to Jigsaw, who comes just to visit a teacher with his electric buzz-saw that is not even recessed. This is where the nasty movie ends, I do not see how the teacher kills or what's going on with the girl, let alone an explanation of why Jigsaw has come to life or how it has been cleared after burning. This movie is so shameful that it's also seen, it's only 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day; For lifetime memories, Jigsaw, Jigsaw, Jigsaw. Thank you Total Recall! The judge has decided to look at Jigsaw only if your plans for your genitalia departments seem to have occurred.
