This movie really disappointed me. The effect is unfortunate. Incredible. And it's about actors. The story is incredibly obvious: a group of independent actors will introduce Passion Play and, on the contrary, will live the lives of the characters they play. I've watched a lot of movies recently with Netflix and it's the first one I've never seen before. I felt I did not have to see the end; we all know the end of this story. Some seem to think that this "modernization" of the Gospels is either wholly or instructive. I can not talk about it because I was not in the Christian church. That being said, I was raised in the US and I live in ever-growing Christian culture. I am quite curious about Jesus and the modernization of religion, for a better or worse situation. I did not see the Mel Gibson version, but I think those who like it will like it, except for the most conservative ones. I just wish it was a better movie. Many of these reviews praise Arcand's direction and especially cinematography. I did not like it. The film itself is rather violent and preached. I did not believe personalities and I never cared about their lives on the screen. Game play is very dated and, in my opinion, should not have its own weight in production in real time. But that's next. What I really needed to work would be a stronger development of characters and plot to support the philosophical and theological issues that the film would like to be. And musical choices are obvious and non-original. There were two examples that were easy to remember. First, there is a reconstruction of the parable of Jesus that directs the lender of money from the temple: the main actor who fell for a woman who plays Magdalen and who is also a model and dancer is angry that the bankruptcy for commercial a bad producer and a lot of breathing men in the audience) with their trousers. It stops the place and everyone is chasing them. I think that's the level the film wants to achieve. Romance between the two is absolutely arbitrary and not emotionally realized, and the scene takes place as a collegial rendering of Death to the Dealer, not so well. Please stop banging my head with such high "meaning". The second is the relationship between the second leading woman and the priest who asked them to play and who eventually turned against them and handed them over to today's corrupt church. Why. Why sleep with this guy. "It brings so much pleasure and so little pain." Oh, holy bitch and nice old kittens. It seems that Arcanda is enough to mean it, but it is not worth the effort to enrich and revive these characters. Movements move, and I'm trying to eject the eject button. <br /> <br /> Do not hesitate and tell me that you are bored, crazy or you just do not care. Do not be afraid to watch this movie and see Passion, in all its beauty, sadness and inspiration, adds as amateur and admirable charades. Do not be afraid that you have confirmed all your prejudices and you will see any obstacle to the artistic integrity you have left for monotonous stupidity. But do not say I warned you.
