"King and Queen" is a bloated French drama that stretches for an endless two hours and thirty-two minutes without any recognizable point or purpose. The film contains two stories that first appear to be unrelated, but which eventually joined together around half of the film. The first focuses on Nora and her struggles with various men in her life, including an older father who finds she only has a few days to live. The second story includes a young man named Ismael, a violinist who finds himself - unjustly - confident - in a psychiatric institution through the machinations of an unknown third party. After traveling on several trips, these two stories eventually merged when we learned that Ismael was a former lover of Nora and the man she chose to accept her son from an earlier tragic relationship. <br /> <br /> With a little more focus and a great deal of efficiency, "Kings and Queen" could be a powerful, breathtaking drama about today. He certainly has moments of great insight, and emotional strengths and performances are largely complex and moving. But as a whole, the film shoots and accumulates to such an extent that it is quite frankly that it is beginning to stir up our patience and is soon to be welcomed. Even more difficult is the fact that even if we spend what looks like a slight eternity in the society of these people, we really do not know what to do with any of them when the concert finally ends. For example, Nora's father, in her deadly bed, writes of an exhausting embarrassment over the character of a daughter who simply does not understand the woman we've been looking for for over two hours. Nora is undoubtedly no Mother Teresa (then, again, who is it?) But she definitely does not deserve her own father to hit her. Nora could be accused of being confused, indecisive, occasionally bruised, but bad enough to have her father want to give her cancer and die in his place? I do not think so. Maybe this movie just works at a depth I could not understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and co-author / director Arnaud Desplechin would have problems with this being a well-spent, demanding displacement of the film that brings the viewer to a long, steady journey across the sea of ​​personal crises, a path that at the end leaves no wiser or more enlightened than it was in the beginning.
