"Rois et Reine" is a huge disorder of the movie, which is likely to irritate as many viewers as it pleases. It focuses on the fact that former lovers Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) are turning to every major crisis in their separate lives. While Nora's story plays straight and is silent in tone, Ismael is played mainly for laughter, although it is not a special fun. Nora's crisis is caused by the terminal illness of her father Louis (Maurice Garrell) and Ismael's sudden imprisonment in a psychiatric hospital to instigate a mysterious third party. Ismael and Louis are just two of the men who formed Norin's life and shaped it again, of which the most important are her late lover Pierre and their young son, Elias. Given that past and present events occur to the audience, and former lovers will once again start engaging in life, Nora is gradually becoming personally accepted by a life story, she may be less reliable than she encounters. > <br /> Cult director Arnaud Desplechin has created a great trait here, which has won great nobility in France. He deliberately avoids established narrative conventions and develops the film through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this approach was based on a coherent unifying nucleus or topic that could work, it is unclear what the Desplechin movie is all about. The basic insights into Greek mythology and Freudian theory are apparently transmitted by the sense, but at least for this inexperienced filmmaker they remain less than useful in illuminating and interpreting the lives of characters. Otherwise, treatment drops into kitsch, but the use of an anodyny "Moon River" as the theme of the film's motif suggests that it is probably deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** I suspect that the main theme of the film is not a very original observation that the way we see it can radically differ from how others see us or even how you we think others see us. This idea is most evident in the film represented by the violent death of Pierre and the revelation contained in the secret diary of Louise, but unfortunately both events seem to be completely disconnected from what otherwise appeared to the audience of Pierre and Louis's respective relations with the Norm. It seems to be a cheater from the Desplech's part, as if he was directing us in a spontaneous form rather than illustrating it much more gently in the natural course of the narrative. One or two dark, unreal touches suggest the presence of an alternative, but largely unconscious, world of people deprived of terribly bare, but once again it feels more like a difficult disruption of film technology rather than an eruption from a deeper reservoir of truth that is a story of its own. In fact, for all their profound hints, in-depth characters are curiously undeveloped and unusual as if they were more like ciphers for many creators' thoughts about humans than as real people. Much of the details of their lives seem to be accidentally applied rather than organic. For example, Ishmael, as he constantly reminds us, is a viol player, but it will be more than two hours before we actually see or hear him, and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession on his personality is never drawn. Therefore, he can be as good a marine biologist or artistic musician. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings a certain mania spell to a dissatisfied but ultimately healthy Ishmael, but I found Devos cloying and monotone (which may be deliberate, however) as an elusive Nora. Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston as his psychoanalyst, and Magalie Woch as a mentally injured but defiant sinologist with whom he has become friends in the hospital has the greatest influence among supportive actors. Catherine Deneuve is also in her, though her role is nothing more than a self-referential portrait. <br /> <br /> Finally, Rois et Reine is a very good taste. If you can not push your buttons, it's very likely that Desplekin's undisciplined and florid approach will be frustrated and excited even if you look somehow.
