Anita and Me seems to be just a justification for Meer Syal, the novelist and screenwriter, to send her prejudice, indignation and general antipathy to English. The overall sense of Indian superiority over English is bad in this movie. The English in this film is portrayed as overweight, violent, dirty, promiscuous, dealing with child neglect, stupid, uneducated, racist, ugly, eating poor food and annoying - only when turning to Indian culture, the local priest may " " at the end of the movie. The Indian family is beautiful, smart, educated, can speak a lot of languages, parents care and loving and feed for grammar school. The film is so unpleasantly damaging that I am surprised that the BBC has ever funded it. If it was the opposite, the English family in the Indian community was describing this, the film would be considered racist. <br /> <br /> There were a few moments when my eyebrows shot so far on my forehead, I thought it would be in my hairline. At first, the sculpture scene among women was celebrating - the subtext: Englishmen are dirty and promiscuous - and men - subtext: English are prostitutes. Second, eat with Anita, where Neema is a family to her a spoon of cutlery - a subtext: The English are so stupid, you can do anything. But the basic contempt for any English - even English weddings are the subject of contempt - is the whole journey through the film. The figure of Anita was so ugly - almost the fallen female trope - that I made a movie that was angry. It's not "Bend Like Beckham," where humor focuses on loving exaggeration of behavior and habits of the community from someone within this community and is a film about two girls from different backgrounds that are being gathered. It seems that Anita and I believe that the form of cultural apartheid is inevitable because English is almost a version of India's invincible caste, and this is underlined by a thin veil series of attacks on a "different" film: English. <br /> <br /> I felt that Anita and I were hate-filled work based on complaints. On this basis, the BBC should not finance production.
