This is another of the "people vs. insect / eco-horror" features; a topic that was popular in the late 1970s. You just can not call it horror. There is zero tension and no frightening events. In other words, this film is quite chaotic. It's not like it's really bad or something; it's just boring. The building at the hotel reveals a large nest of ants. Later, we learn that probably because of the different types of pesticides used in the past their bite has become poisonous. Some people bite and go to hospital and it takes ages for hospital residents to find out what's going on. Robert Foxworth first realizes it and then you can see him go berserk with the digging machine for what looks like a few hours. Then they fled into the house and waited until they were saved. And man, you should see all the effort they make to save them. I will not be too ruined, but they even use a large helicopter in one place. All the time I watched, I sat down as I thought, "Come on, people, you all got your shoes, just exhaust the building, I'm sure a couple of ants will not get you." It's all ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Of course, there's a lot of creeping ants in the movie. Ants in the garden. Ants in garbage. Ants in the kitchen. Ants on the roof. Ants in the bedroom. Ants in a sink. And the best part: The ants are crawling on the faces of the people as the actors breathe through the straw. But when you see groups of ants in wider shots, they actually look like black rice, a set of designers stuck to the wall. One small surprise was coming to an end. No, it has nothing to do with the twist. It was Brian Dennehy who appeared to be the chief fireman. Ehrr ... What else can I say? This film is called IT HAPPENED AT LAKEWOOD MANOR, but box-art of my copy read ANTS and the title during the initial credits was PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. Here you are. Now, because it's a movie made for television since the 1970s, I'll be back in an extremely moderate rating. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, the other 1976 "People vs. Insects" TV movie was much better than this one. I even feel like I have to go back and add some points to my rating after seeing ANTS. Lack of tension, action, excitement, shaking and crawling, the only thing you will have when you see ANTS is annoying itching.
