MONSTER - He was great; I loved the special effects that created this monster, which looked like the updated version of "The Creature From the Black Lagoon". Scenes with these beasts that give birth to the earth and capture people range from good to jaw. SOCIAL COMMENT: A lot of the story takes place in the quarantine area as doctors (on government orders) that SARS-like disease is there. In short, we get a well-known story about government coverage. You know, I expect this liberal paranoid thinking with Hollywood movies always paint our government as corrupt, but Koreans seem to copy the format and it's very tedious. Here it takes on the excitement and tension of this "monster". The film simply draws the film. The main family in the movie has to watch from a distance, while the young girl in her family, allegedly dead, has been torn apart from creation. MORAL: Typical "do not clean water" because that's what can happen - a terrible mutant monster. This became a report of the 1950 nuclear bomb, when irradiation caused giant ant, spider, fish, or anything in science fiction films. Now is his "environmental affairs" that are focused. <br /> <br /> HUMOR It was mostly stupid. I usually laughed but it was not funny. I do not know if it's a Korean sense of humor, or the movie is deliberately trying to be ultra-angry to take on old "Godzilla" movies. Let's hope it's the other one. <br /> <br /> TRANSFER - Video transfer was good. It was a sharply looking image, and the sound was decent with the bulk of the rear rear speaker. I saw it in Korean with English subtitles. That might be a mistake as it sounds a Korean guttural voice that is disturbing after half an hour. TOTAL - It was a promise, but it turned out to be a great disappointment and even boring in too many places, which is uncompromising for a modern monster. Two hours were too long for this story. As this film drew record crowds in Korea, I do not know. They have to get along with the movies to enjoy and support.
