All I liked in this movie is that it was just enough to keep myself up to the end ... I still thought maybe things would be gelling in the NEXT scene ... Alas .. . <br /> <br /> Those who love Gus Van Sant movies - especially his later - will probably like it. I personally consider Van Sant's films boring, demanding and easy. Well, he was the executive producer of this film, so it's no surprise that the movie could be almost made by him - although I personally liked this better than Van Sant's last effort (eg Elephant). <br /> <br /> Unlike many here, I did not think the film was hard to understand or discontinuous, I thought it was primarily a movie that wanted to portray a certain mood - the mood of a juvenile who slowly moves to of the adult world - but so slowly that the changes are hardly visible, if at all. But I feel that the problem with the film is that the "mood" is not enough ... and not only that, but that the mood painted here is, in my opinion, wrongly chosen for the story that is supposed to happen. The cloud that is so closely associated with nature is beautifully captured here, but it is a mood that is much more a young child, the one who is really getting into motion while watching nature (waves on the beach, grass and flowers, spiders etc.). The movie rhythm reminds me of my summer when I was eight or nine. There is LANGUOR language to the film, which is in contrast to what should be very tense in teenage life. When someone caught you - or you were bullied in school - you are something but unintentional! There are only two moments that really worked in the movie ... SPOILS HERE - First, when Logan dropped the food and his mother fits a bit in. The frustration of an adult who is dealing with a boy from the clown - especially without the presence of his father - seemed real to me. The second and only part of the film with all sorts of tension was the scenes where "Leah" (Logan's re-creation) calls Rodeo and tries to get him to phone-sex. The first reason I liked it is that the one who made the voice "Leah" was the most convincing actor in the whole movie. (I was thinking about Claire Danes from my so-called life ... the voice even sounded like Claire.) She and Rodeo had only scenes that seemed utterly believable among the kids. And what I really liked was the fact that Rodeo just pretended to play together ... it was the best moment in the movie - finally! - We have a bit of a character. <br /> <br /> Overall, somewhat lost effort ... we'll have to see what she's doing in her next movie before we can really tell the talents of the director's talent. Meanwhile, if he can get away from van Sant's influence, he can do a good world. Who is the director - one of the bathtubs?
