First, it's a GLACIALLY slow-moving movie, and I see that most viewers lose patience with it in the first thirty minutes. The film subject was one that I thought would be the basis for an excellent film; what was most lacking was a conspiracy that would support basic themes. It's unfortunate because in the hands of a writer like Lanford Wilson, I think symbolism as a mountain lion is attacking the campus could have great, tragic proportions without being difficult. I think that with a good film-aiding scenario, the same filmmaker, with the same tastes and even the same actors (who really did not even have a chance to impress me), he could have imagined a meaningful and touching picture of the pain and struggle the boy is going through when developing strong "crushing" an older boy he admires. However, I am sorry to say that without this foundation and armed with a vague, unclear and extremely uninteresting scenario, without any conspiracy and without any kind of rational structure (for example, after viewing it I think you will find that you can not point to the top scenes, and instead, you will find that you have read "well, maybe it was the scene or the one that was the top ...") - the result is 95 minutes behind. <br /> <br /> Without a good conspiracy, we are never troubled in any of the characters; their tests and troubles are simply boring and boring. Without a good conspiracy, dramatic installations and surrealistic directorial freelance become more confused and unclear than story improvements. I have never really believed the creation of "Leah," and I think most viewers would be totally confused with the conventional way her phone calls were made. How does the film stand, I'm afraid I can not recommend it at all. What I can never understand is that a movie like this is not recompiled by an enterprising filmmaker ... instead of all the average movie breaks that were very good in the first version! All he needs is a good script written by good writers, and I think that this film could easily turn into an unforgettable classic about the aspect of male coming of age rarely treated in drama. All the elements that were so tiring and seemed to appear in the movie (messages written on the boy's belly, "Leah" scenes, fantasy from the TV screen) could be rich if supported by a good STORYLINE. <br /> <br /> In a few comments, I can see that people are talking about this movie as a "homosexual" topic, and I think it's wrong. It is obvious that the "crushed" is the one who is a new puberty boy on an older teenage boy, but the figure of Logan is too young to settle for any particular sexual choice, and indeed in our imagined fantasies of masturbation we see all kinds of stimulus, sexual and non-sexual as we would expect from a very young boy like him. I believe that "crushing", such as Logan's, is common in male juveniles who grow up and have a strong preference for female sexual partners.
