When I sat down to watch the 14th Bachelor's ("On the Wings of Love"), I knew I was going to be in "interesting" time. I was looking at one of the previous bachelor studies; watch one or two episodes and miss three more. I have found that a bachelor is often attractive and interesting, although his quality and morale are often lacking. "The Wings of Love" details Jake, a 31-year-old commercial pilot from Dallas, Texas, to find true love as the true love that can be found in the seasonal dramatic reality-drama performance. Jake meets 25 beautiful girls from across the country. It starts to get to know them a little, but it is mostly superficial; How do you know someone in five-minute conversations? Jake has been trying to figure out his real intentions at first, at least to the audience. He remarked that he did not want only love or good time, but he wants a fiance or a woman. We can assume that it also made it clear to women in the competition. If so, it can explain to some extent some women's actions. Women are very competitive. While they do not know Jake at all, they're still in it to win it no matter what the price. <br /> <br /> Not only were women competitive, they were also confident and clever. Threats, frustration, and caution on "Be careful!" all show that these women were not there either. Jake said he was not only looking for sex appeal, but was looking for a "connection." However, the girls have pulled all the stops to try to impress Jake with that sexual appeal. Did they come to the castle in a smart dress? either low or short. While some girls seemed to retain their sense of prowess, others did not notice this remark. One girl, Channy, remarked that Jake was a "good guy" who could be a "naughty girl". She also said that Jake could land on a "runway" at any time. She got up from the other girls because of her provocative statement that showed them to meet them. So real estate performance could not be that bad, right? In addition to the obvious sexual attraction problem, there are other issues that show this seemingly harmless show. It's the right way to find a future buddy; trying to get someone interested in going into extreme proportions? Unfortunately, however, this is what America reduces dating to the present day: pleasure and sex without commitment and a bit of luck on the side. Another problem is the premature emotional attraction that many girls bound themselves to Jake. Some girls seemed to be too involved. One girl said, "If this first impression does not increase, it will kill me!" As already mentioned, she still does not know it, and she was talking about a specific rose, not just one of the 15 roses, which should not be ruled out. Michelle seemed to have some problems with the attachment to Jake. The other girls also noticed it. After one special explosion of Michelle, Vienna claimed that Michelle had a "mental disorder and we are only an hour here." Michelle got the last pink evening at the first show? narrowly missing out? and was extremely emotional. The other girls thought it was just ridiculous. Another girl also called, but because she was excluded. Did it start with the Survivor, and from there only took off? reality TV. It shows our entertainment interests as a country; if we did not watch shows and did not give them a good rating, the networks would not let it go. The only logical conclusion that can be drawn is that enough America is shrouded. One thing is clear: America (in general) loves the reality of TV and its subsequent trap. <br /> <br /> It raises me to the question: why is it that we even like reality TV? What does it mean to attract us? Is it because we see similarities with our own lives, or is it because we want to be sure that we are more stable and less pitiful than others? Whatever it is that attracts us, we should be careful about the media and the entertainment that will allow us to fulfill our minds. I'm not saying all television reality shows are bad; however, I say that it is necessary to evaluate each of them. Episodes Used for Criticism: Season Premier and Episode 2.
