Yes, even as a fan of shows like survivors and apprentices, this show is bad. I did not remember the first couple of concerts, but then I realized how it was going to be possible to actually go to the show. Alex and Aaron's worries give men a bad name in the way they cheated or kicked their choices on the first occasion was really not a good look at the show. <br /> <br /> Ryan, you can have Trista. She had the worst voice I've ever heard on TV, and certainly was not the smartest girl in the neighborhood (very media, but I doubt there is much more). really watched one of the exhibits because, apart from the occasional re-run on the daily TV. I think the reality of television broadcasting is treated as "fun waste". You see it as something you can laugh at and you do not have to think too hard (I do not see CSI as a TV reality - tired and cliché, but you have to think too much when watching.) <BR/> <br /> A few thoughts for some reasons , why it's happening at the show. In the first woman she says "A woman like Amy (who had a lot of tricks about her) said she had tried every bar scene and club scene to meet a guy and it did not happen to her. Hi Amy, what's going on in the club? Are you interested in doing a charitable work? Shall I change my job to where you meet other guys? I only know that going to the bar is not an ideal place to meet a future partner. Amy and many other girls seemed obsessed with the idea of ​​meeting a "perfect man." Charm for ladies: there is no. There are, however, many great guys who can make great wives, some who can be right to you! they do not have to earn six numbers a year or a JFK junior look, but they are great guys anyway. The fluffiness of the woman at this show is absolutely incredible. I am still young, which led to the idea that the woman gradually grew out of their fluency when she was older and more realistic about her future partner. This show proves otherwise. <br /> <br /> Overall, this show greatly confirms the many stereotypes of how a woman sees men in society. It's a terrible show, and I think all these shows should stop doing. The best dating shows the land miles are Blind Date and Fifth Wheel because they are fun. There is nothing more than a simple night between "pairs". bachelor, unfortunately too taken seriously.
