** SPOILERS ** Redicules movie slasher that makes no sense at all with a killer running around dressed in a black cloak and wearing what looks like a pull-over rubber mask by Peter Lorre. It was said soon in the film, almost on the first scene, that young Beth Morgan was in rehab because of heavy drug use after her friend was assassinated in Tennyson Collage about a year ago. that in the FBI agency Agent Sacker (Jeff Conaway), who is obsessed with hunting a killer, the daughter of Tennyson was murdered at the same time. At the time of the movie, "Do you want to know the secret," is it ever explained just what these two murders back in Connecticut have to do with the defeat in Florida of half a dozen collage students a year later? another, that the murderer, at least at the murder of Beth's friend, was wearing the same stupid Halloween suit. <br /> <br /> In the spring break in Sunshine, six students spend their holiday in a beach house, and even before you know it, they start being knocked once. Beginning with computer geek Brad Clyton, Chad Allen, the killing even flew into town with a lot of people who have nothing to do with the target student, including Gavin Police Chief Jack McGee. <br /> <br /> The masked killer will save Beta for the last in this strange rite in an abandoned church in what looks like the Florida Everglades. He then finally reveals who he is and what his intentions are, which have as much meaning as the movie does, none. I'm trying to scare it out as an audience, the whole movie does, it's confusion and confusion with a number of unruly scenarios. The most successful of those who have the victim of Oz Washington, Tom Jay Jones, will survive at least three attempts at his life and end up with Agent Sacker, the hero in the movie. <br /> <br /> Oz also had a bad cut on his legs from a large glass of glass that nearly cut him in half and froze him but later miraculously recovered after he was arrested for murder actually did two more days than when he had a slight lapel in his walk! Does it make no sense why Oz and Beth went on their own to stand up and catch the killer instead of calling the police, instead of the cell phone that Oz had? Beth's boyfriend, who loses his head over her, in Hank Ford, Joseph Lawrence, is also very unconvincing as well as the two girls on the beach house. They and Beth Oz end up being the victims of the killers and then somehow vanished out of sight! for a moment, you did not know if they were actually killed or if there was any hallucination at Oz's or the local police station. Until the final scene outside the wall, where they appeared in the church. We also have a preview of the previous relationship between Tina and Hank with her, drunk and stubborn, trying to get him with Hank when Beth enters without even seeing Hank and Tina. It seemed to Beth upset even more than her boyfriend murdered at the beginning of the movie!
