The simply scary slash, shaped by I Know, what you did the last type of feeding in the summer, has a beautiful rich college student who spends a spring break at a Florida apartment that is murdered one by one. Wreckage in every category you can imagine from an appropriately built tension on the executed death sequences ... nothing is solved correctly and the figures leave a little more than the cartoons that you see the roots see destroyed as quickly as possible. Del Tenney of all the people, executive produced, co-wrote, and stars as a key actor whose relationship to a murderer means something to be psychotic. The apparitions of the assassin are ineptly treated and ineffective, probably not the surprising soul who is following him. There are plenty of jumping jumping attempts, with one character leaping to scare off a friend who could not even make some cheap excitement because they are so calculated as rats. Most attacks appear outside the screen with bleeding cervical slices (or pools) that are the only real manifestation of violence. The long lasting finale, where the killer goes on and on, when the actor desperately tries to betray his villain so devilish and demented, is embarrassed and tense. There is not even a single positive result that would result from this cliché and the boring exercise with a nice occupation, trying to just overcome its one-dimensional roles. And for sympathy, they could at least let us see Joey Lawrence coming out of the boards or something that could endure the misery as she sat in this massive hall for 90 minutes. Dorie Barton, like the last heroin girl, Beth Morgan, whom the murderer seems obsessed with, could not be more empty and uninteresting (... she was in rehab and taking nightmare pills, such an interesting exposition). Chad Allen, shot against the type as a very intimidating "friend" of the band (which first disappears from the movie, creates the idea that he is the first victim), has a heavy hill to climb with his role so the steep stumbles eventually, ramping uncontrollably without end. Jeff Conaway, who needs some cash, I think he has the role of an FBI agent whose murder daughter motivates him to look for a murderer and lead him to Florida. Jack McGee has his usual roles in the hole as the police chief in Florida, who is often nosed with the Conaway bearer. <br /> <br /> Oh, the answer to the question about the title ... not really. Because once you get the answer, you'll wonder why you bothered.
