The film began with Wheeler, who sneaked into his girlfriend's flat. Her aunt (Edna May Oliver - a person who is too talented for this film) did not like Wheeler - a sentiment I can easily deal with. Aunt decided to take this sweet young lady abroad to jump her off from Wheeler. They departed and Wheeler invested in the revolution in a little mythical kingdom because they promised to make their king. At the same time Woolsey was in the same little mythical kingdom and became king. So when Wheeler came in, he was supposed to fight for the boys, but they refused because they were already friends - which greatly disappointed people because killing and replacing kings is national entertainment. <br /> <br /> I am a great fan of a comedy from the Golden Age of Hollywood - the silent era over the 1940s. I have seen and re-evaluated hundreds, if not thousands, of these films, and yet, despite my love and appreciation for these films, I have never been able to understand the attractiveness of Wheeler and Woolsey - the only comedy team that could be as bad as the Ritz Brothers! Despite being very successful in his short career in Hollywood (shortly due to the early death of Robert Woolsey), I can not see that virtually every other successful team did the same basic ideas but much better. For example, many films resembled the film Marx Brothers, DUCK SOUP, and yet NUTS's fury had never laughed and DUCK SOUP was a stupid and very pleasant story. Sometimes Woolsey spoke a bit like Groucho, but his jokes never have punchlines that even remotely fun! In fact, he seemed to be rushing unnecessarily. His only witty quality was that he looked proud - he certainly had no reason to put him on the film. In addition, Wheeler had a comedic appeal of a piece of cheese - a piece of cheese that sang very badly! The missed opportunity was the old Vaudeville routine later promoted by Abbott and Costello as "who is the first" that he had done in this film, but it lacked any spark of joke or timing. In fact, soon after they started playing, they ended up routine - so early that you were disappointed. I knew that "who's in the first place" has been for many years and has used many teams, but I really wanted to see Wheeler and Woolsey make a nice shot and give him his own turn. again I found another sub film of this duo. While I have to admit that I liked some of their films (for example, SILLY BILLIES and RAINMAKERS - which I actually gave 6 on IMDb), this was a great test of endurance - something that happens to me too often when I see Wheeler and Woolsey. Where was all the humor?
