Just like a relative who gives you a bad gift, Soul Survivors has his heart in the right place, but he'll go out with a bad execution. Stephen Carpenter's writing / directing effort is freely borrowed from other high-quality films such as Jacob's Ladder and Abra Los Ojos (Open Your Eyes). For those who have not seen any of these films, I will not let them go; it is enough to say that it is not as good as it is here than in the two quality films. Melissa Sagemiller plays Cassie, going to go to college. Her current friend, Sean (Ben Affleck), and former friend Matt (Wes Bentley), both friends, and Annabel (harsh Eliza Dushku) are in a car crash after being beaten by two killers (?) In transparent masks. She survives the wreck, but when she attends college, she has a hospital vision, and the dead people reappear and disappear, leaving her in complete confusion: who is dead? Who is alive? What is real? The Soul Survivors look bad - there, done - that, full gore, full of blood, and pushing the body. It is true that he has his share in the scenes of murderers-prosecution victims (rich, repetitive and dampening of mind), but at least attempts to create tension over thoughts rather than clichés, unfortunately, rather unsuccessful. There is confusion much more often than cohesiveness because the story breaks down is dirty and disjointed near key points of secrecy (predictable as such) <br /> <br /> Horror fans who have chosen a copy will have no idea they are in a film that is more concerned with building a faint facade of reality than providing body counts. The credit goes to Carpenter for trying to create something out of teen horror flick; too bad created a derivative psychological thriller. Sagemiller also deserves to show off strength in a central performance, in fact, developing her character and making emotion feel like an uproar Cassie. It's great that the creators try something different, but the film ends with a mixed bag and a failed experiment. <br /> <br /> 4 of 10
