The world is facing immediate destruction and the suicide mission is sent to the sun to avert a catastrophe by firing a bomb into a fiery heart: yes, it is the Solar Crisis, aka Crisis 2050, which fired a huge piece of change that never appeared on the screen back in 1990 and returned is hardly going to buy Happy Food for each of the cast in Japan before going straight to the video (remember it?) in a redesigned version attributed to one Alan Smith. The hook is almost the same as Sunshine - a suicide mission to the Sun, a sabotage on board, a logical occupation - except that this time it does not try to sun again, but prematurely detonate the sunshine before it gets to Earth. With a talking bomb. Paul Williams said. Who wants to be promoted so the crew will take him seriously? As the cast also includes Jack Palance at his most demented OTT, Charlton Heston at the most rigid, top-liner Tim Matheson on his most anonymous, original Hills Have Eyes unforgettable Michael Berryman (maybe you do not remember the name, but remember that face), and Peter Boyle as an industrialist to sabotage the mission, because if he succeeds in the world, he will be saved, but his stock price will fall, you expect that you will not laugh at least every minute to laugh at each reel. No joy. This is the worst kind of bad movie: boring. The fate of the world can remain in balance, but the whole film is filmed with a total lack of urgency or momentum at the same merciless slow, dark step. There's a little key and it's going through it, but the actor does not even do it. Instead, most of the time they are still watching the screens in almost dark. You still hope that the Paul Williams bomb will suffer from an existential crisis, but instead the film just ... stands and gives nothing for nothing. Literally. Is this one of the most attractive films ever made? so inert that if Clive Owen was occupied, he would be almost flat. Even the poorly explained attempted suicide repair does not raise frigo, as it is mostly about it, yes, only the standing figure is still looking at the screens near the darkness. Even if the bomb prematurely goes into the countdown before launch, it addresses the new crisis. still standing on the screens close to the darkness as if they were all over the world. Merchant-Ivory films have better scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not much more alive on Earth, where most of the time spends most of the time when Matthew's son / grandson, Chuck's Corin Nemec, is trying to set off on a spaceport trip through arid landscapes with a colorful artistic artist, Palance, the note while the cats still kick me ", while avoiding the madman's refusal and the poor corporate suits that follow him so they can? relax him on the beautiful beach. Just do not expect logic if you have not guessed it yet. Best moment? A girl girl at a bar that describes Jack Palance as an "old guy with white hair and face like rotting skin," though Chucky Baby pulls out a criminal plane with a bazooka thrown out of the office window or defeats a fly, likes his beret to be welcomed in the camp corner of the movie , which offers a lot of nuts for 99% of his run. Richard C. Sarafian is a slightly longer original cut that he played in Japan, offering another six minutes, but is called to be reduced to more manageable 17 minutes: the director of Vanishing Point had to thank his happy stars when re-editing gave him apologies to make his name out of the movie. The film is so bad that it is not good and painfully inoperative
