(This is a review of the later English edition of Disney, featuring Alison Lohman, Patrick Stewart, and so.) I really wanted this movie to be good. Really really. I'm a huge fan of Princess Mononoke and Spirited Away, and after seeing all the brilliant reviews on this earlier Miyazaki movie, I was glad to see it. But I was shocked, shocked, as I say, about the quality of this film. These later films boast fancy drawings, three-dimensional characters and the best movie music from ... well ... at all. This movie just will not come close. <br /> <br /> But it could start with positive aspects. Like all Miyazaki movies, this film is still very imaginative, with bizarre fantasy / sci-fi environments, in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species. Nausicaa also boasts some excellent animation of other films from the time. (though not as beautiful and fluid as Miyazaki's later films) And English voice acting is quite well done. But this movie ... just ... is not ... good ... The figures are all cardboard - from saccharin sweet Nausicaa, to ruthlessly evil Tolmecka, to each other. Once you've seen them for 30 seconds, you've seen everything. And the fact that the plot does not work does not help. Then there is music ... Nowa, Hisaichi has my favorite film composer down, but Nausicaa does not do justice to him. Half of the music is a keyboard for 80 minutes and usually enters and leaves it so suddenly that it scatters images rather than helping them. I really think he was written to write a lot of music before he even saw the painting. But wait! This movie is a great news, is not it? Save the environment! It's a shame that this movie is throwing you over your head like a hammer. There is a scene in which Nausicaa hugs a tree. No really. I'm kidding. I'm a little sad to talk about how this movie is lame. For some reason, all other IMDb reviews seem to adore. And when characters have to talk to themselves in extended sentences to tell you what's going on, that's lame. If you are such an anime worshiper, you have 80 year old music and a tree every Arbor day, you might like this movie. Otherwise, you will save money for your later films, because they fit it.
