The point of Wolfe's original novel - indeed the point of the whole story - is that things take place for a carefully computed sense of purpose. The goal is survival within a particular lifestyle. The novel is full of anger. The only relationship that sounds emotionally true is between Sherman and his daughter Campbell, and that only affects. In addition, they are all excluded from what they can gain in a way of publicity, power, money, or self-control. Wolfe was criticized for having hit every character and every social segment of New York overhead. His answer was a denial. After all, he lived himself in New York and was part of the Neighbourhood Improvement Commission and other admirable organizations, just as he would have in his life to deny he did not love the New Yorkers. (Wolfe has a doctorate in American studies from Yale and is not fake.) These supposed weaknesses are what made the novel memorable. No one was good. And Sherman McCoy extinct, a professional protester for social justice. The film captures everything and places the moral framework of a story that simply does not fit. Wolfe did his homework. The novel was rooted in reality. Every event was perhaps not only credible. Wolfe could be a great cultural anthropologist - he knows how to get into the system and record his details. Yes, some of us would find Sherman and his mistress, the South Bronx, threatened by two black children and one of them after the escape. This scene is precisely transferred from printing to celluloid. <br /> <br /> But after the scene, the film does not seem to believe its listeners, and sometimes it furiously tries to explain its message, though it is vague. <br /> <br /> Sherman could accidentally hit a child and arrest him because he is in the novel, but immediately after his release from prison he will not return to his phenomenally expensive apartment building, pulls off a shotgun and start shooting with him ceiling, as well as in motion. In what is to be a fun scene, the ceiling plaster will fall down all the party guests and they are rumbling and screaming. It just would not happen. The film left the unexpectedly detailed reality of the novel in the dust. Wolfe's sensitivity, the work he put into capturing the real was lost. What we get instead is a noisy, fantastic and silly scene that will not do anything but wake the audience. Similar empty scenes follow and shout at Wolfe's verisimilitude. The film also fails because it puts a lot of sin and redemption into the funny story of moral nihilism. Here we see "Don Juan in Hell" in the opera. We have lectures on the redemption of a poet with AID. We see a lot of guilt in Sherman. A black judge who preached from the bench and gives one of the last speeches about how we all have to act again. A reporter who regrets Sherman for offering him as a sacrificial lamb. And the happy ending of Sherman when he breaks the law, with an idiot smile. The scene sits on the film like a jester of a cap on the head of a circus elephant. <br /> <br /> The film not only makes points that are already truncated and non-original, but it overstates them as if the viewers were not able to absorb some subtleties. <br /> <br /> It's not an act or a direction that's bad. The film is not bad in these respects. And the photo is pretty good, including two spectacular shots - Chrysler gargoyles and Concorde landing. It is a scenario that is thoroughly distorted. The first half of the film is roughly in conception and execution. Keeps some of the little detail of the novel. Sherman and Judy are called Marshall. Who the hell was Marshall named? In the second half of the year, it is losing its focus almost completely, and it is hardly worth it overall. Wolfe's cynical redneck right-wingism can be offensive to many people, but has cojones to put his perceptions. Unfortunately, writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up, and so exploded the opportunity to do a fascinating study of New Yorkers.
