Currently, this film is featured on IMDb as the 42nd worst movie ever shot - which is exactly why I rented it from NetFlix. However, I am sorry to report that the film, though bad, is not where it is bad enough to deserve that at the bottom of the 100 films ever created. Personally, I've seen at least 100 movies worse than this one. It has hardly become a fierce support, but it simply has not met the expected level of horrors to be included in this infamous list. The film begins with Stewart Moss and Marianna McAndrew on their late-day honeymoon (by the way, they are also married in real life). He is a doctor who is obsessed with bats and insists on going to a nearby cave. Once they behave there, they behave very, very, very stupidly (a characteristic feature of a bad film) and soon the bats are bats. According to this film, bats love attack people, and in the United States, vampires are bats - both are not true at all. <br /> <br /> Special, after a match, one does not even bother to go to the hospital! The first thing in the minds of someone (especially a doctor) is to get immediate medical attention, but not this. Soon he has seizures - but STILL is not interested in helping! Again and again you think this must be the stupidest couple in the movie! <br /> <br /> After a while he will go to see a doctor and be sent to the hospital. But then it's too late and his attacks become more violent and he starts killing people to take blood. When it is obvious to everyone that the man is a crazy murder machine, the wife (who, like her husband has grapefruit for the brain), refuses to believe he is dangerous - even if he attacks people, he steals the ambulance and the police car out of the way! <br /> <br /> Now most of the time Moss goes through these episodes, eyes return and looks like a normal person. But it's special that he has several bat-like hands and at the end he used pretty prosthetics to make him look quite similar. If it was really blessing, the movie would deserve 1. At the very end, in short, which almost did not make sense, the woman inexplicably changed into a crazy bat and the swarm of bats killed the evil sheriff. As it was all arranged, it was a secret, like Moss and McAndrew's belief, that this film would somehow help their career - although they both had a relatively long career on television that has been playing bitches since 1974. Overall, very stupid. The conspiracy is stupid and does not make sense, and strongly relies on people behaving too stupidly to be real. It's not a good movie, but not one of the worst films of all time. <br /> <br /> NOTE: IMDb for some reason shows the graphics for the three DVDs that are for him in life, and they are two sequential BATH websites. While BAT people were seen under the title "It's Alive," these two films are not related at all. It's easy to understand the mistake - especially since they both went out in 1974, but the movie I just reviewed played Stewart Moss and Marianne McAndrew, and the second film was played by John Ryan and Sharon Farrell.
