Indeed, the use of documentary material about shivering bats employed by BAT people is one of the most effective. On the ceiling of the cave hang deep bats, batting bats from caves or swirls around the caves. This in itself is enough to be disturbing: Imagine that everyone will be redeemed for you? And they are really swarming at what should be a sequence trace, which was about forty minutes, a seemingly inadequately cheerful sequence where the battered swarm of bats appears to attack the police car and spray across the windshield like a bloody broken egg. The problem is that this sequence is about five minutes late to save the film, most of which consists of one or more people running around, shouting and waving their hands over being excited about some bad goofball , during your vacation. <br /> <br /> Fear is that they collide with rabies that actually suck, so their vacation is destroyed because the drawing synopsis on the top of the BATH pages out. So here is an effective summary of the movie: A young couple goes on a romantic vacation that is destroyed when the bat catches him. They boldly try to endure, but begin to move, trying to convince those around you that they are a little more involved than rabies that they can not control and they should all save. <br /> <br /> Now, when someone drinks in their mouths, covered with sweat, their eyes around one another as one of the cheaper Muppets and yells at you to leave, you get out of it. You do not try to give him drugs, you do not try to tell him that you love him, you give your man space, go home, and try that scenic getaway the next year. , the people in this movie behave like fools, insist that they push him on his shore, and slip away, turn into a part of a man, and so he kills a lot of irrelevant secondary characters. There is nothing wrong, but the film forgets that it's a small budget for Creature Feature and is trying to be some kind of psychological study. Instead of a monster movie, we get a lot of people trying to get that guy to take a cold pill and finally run into the hills looking for more people than he had, people insist they want to chase him and pay the expected price. The main thing that's wrong with the movie is that it was supposed to be the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty peaks, and the movie was supposed to be about the guy, later he turned into a Batman rather than a trip there. It was a good eighty minutes when you actually picked up a couple on this queue with some interesting characteristic sketches along the way that always included the entertaining Michael Pataki as a policeman who lost the moral edge and lately Paul Carr as a friend of a physician, . The film is awfully boring, about fifteen minutes for too long and missed the opportunity to be a nice, forgotten little Creature Feature about the mutant running amok as the Italian horror favorite RATMAN that I watched today and unfortunately was inspired to try it after looking. Me and my clear thoughts, though the scene with the cop car was a howitzer: It was a shame we could not have had another twenty more minutes. <br /> <br /> 3/10
