"The Bat People" is a proud population of IMDb Bottom 100. Every moment the film suddenly disappears from the infamous list, depending on whether new movies with Paris Hilton are headed or American Idol stars, but always sooner or later revert reliably . And why? Because unlike most bullshit in this list, "The Bat People" is a legitimate bad movie and deserves to be there regardless of any media impact or internet sound! This is hardly the worst film ever to make, because the basic concept is certainly charm and resourcefulness, but it is still indescribably difficult to possess the whole thing. The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary fillings and huge gaps in continuity, and yet the main characters are still alien to the film. Other than a reasonable scenario, the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and make-up effects? although courtesy of young Stan Winston? they are ridiculously awkward and remain largely invisible until the end of the film. The name of the movie is inaccurate because "people" denote the number in the plural, while the story is actually rotating to one person from Bat. Much more than Bruce Wayne, the real Batman plays in this movie and he also has a real Bat-Cave and a Bat-mobile (stolen ambulance)! This plot introduces the young couple to their honeymoon weekend exploring the cave. They walk from the guided group and he is bitten by a bat while trying to protect his wife from the sinister attack of the animal. He feared he might be raped, and undergo intensive treatment at a local hospital, but it still does not prevent him from slowly turning into bloodthirsty bats. Kills casual people at night and toys around a suspected police sergeant while his loving wife is still very convinced that the unpleasant behavior is caused solely by allergic rabies responses. Sure, honey! The script never explains why a bat would attack humans and how John would always turn into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day, rather than gradually becoming a state of bat-guan. So basically "The Bat People" is a variation on the old good werewolf theme, but of course it is not very interesting. The concept has shown plenty of potential, but some of the pieces concentrate on frantic drunks and perverse sheriffs instead of scary monsters. Some of the setting and location in the exterior look impressive, the bad song playing during the credits is strangely catchy, at the time of climax is really a nice gore and the main actress Marianne McAndrew looks at (although she does not listen to). This really bad and boring movie is the current listing in the bottom 100 is the number 80, and I personally hope to hold somewhere in the region. The list would simply not feel and was not traditional without "The Bat People".
