Hi Mary Lou: Prom Night II starts at the Hamilton High School Prom in 1957, where Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) cheats on her date Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) and Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). Bill finds out and is destroyed while Mary Lou is announced to Prom Queen 1957 and takes the stage to accept her prize. Bill, who is still hurting, decides to play Mary Lou to throw a box on the stage, but a still fuse flashes Mary Lou's dress and lights it in seconds. 30 years later and Hamilton High will soon hold an annual ball at night. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now a director and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis), who dates to Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and they both plan to hang out together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a priest, and Bill & Bud was still chasing a terrible night thirty years ago. One day, Vicki looks around the cellar when he discovers the big suitcase he opens, which turns out to be a bad step, as the vengeful Mary Lou is liberated and is determined to use her crown as a queen of free time decides to avenge her premature death. At first, Jess Browning (Beth Gondek), whose death is suicidal, Mary Lou begins to own Vicki's body as the night approaches the ball. After releasing a Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) contest, which tries to solve the ball, she wins. Mary Lou in Vicki's body is crowned by the Hamilton High Prom Queen who lets Mary Lou himself come back from the dead to make an unexpected look and truly revive the party ... <br /> <br /> With absolutely no connection with the original Prom Night 1980) and directed by Bruce Pittman I thought Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was not a particularly good movie. Ron Oliver's screenplay focuses on supernatural elements rather than cheap teen slasher themes, whether it's a good or bad decision, will depend on your expectations, I suppose. Personally, I found out that these different elements do not really work or do not work well. The whole movie was rather slow to be really enjoyable, after the opening ceremony where Mary Lou dies, no one else is killed until half an hour, and then the film grows for another half an hour until Vicki is finally obsessed and eventually the film raises the momentum for the culmination when the evil Mary Lou kills one person on the ball before he is supposedly defeated, come to the fans of horror films that you expected cliché killers not dead and ready to go on? Do not expect body height, just five in the movie and nothing special, though I liked the way Monica (Beverly Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in a box that Mary Lou crushed and resulted in the poor Monika bleeding blood. The supernatural side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom night II is depicted by Vicki with a lot of hallucinations for the first hour and Mary Lou controlling the subjects during the second stage including a couple of haunted shots of a rocking horse that comes alive, the blackboard scene is pretty good as it turns into water and zombies hands to drag Vicki into it. Classic character Hello Mary Lou: Prom night II is not great, I did it like Mary Lou herself when she churns a mandatory one-liners and she did a good villain though she did not have to kill enough people. Oh, and yes, I've been honored with various horror film directors with almost all of the characters that share the last names with one, apparently nothing adds to the movie, but it's a nice little touch, as I suppose. The game is fine, but normally reliable Micheal Ironside looks lost and uninterested almost as if he asked himself what he was doing in this case and if he ever worked again. Forget about some gore, someone is hanging, it's stabbing with a crucifix that gets out of the screen, someone is pulled with neon light, computer goes crazy and electrocutes someone's face (!?) And Mary Lou erupts from Vicki's body first as rotten zombie, which was a pretty cool scene. Some full front nude shots are also in the girls' showers if it's your thing. Give her some credit Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is fine to watch, has reasonable value in production and is generally well done. Overall, I was disappointed Hello Mary Lou: Prom night II, it was just too slow and ultimately insignificant to keep an interest in nearly 100 minutes. I'm not sure it deserves 3 or 4 stars, I'll give it 4 because there's nothing special about it, and I suppose I'm sitting in much worse movies but it just did not do anything to worry about me.
