I just got the British four-core special Edition Superman 1 for about $ 5. Other things include Superman and Mole-Men in 1951. So I hit him on DVD player last night, and here's my knowledge. Some initial disappointment - I did not try, and I think I mentally labeled him as one of the Kirk Alyn series. I'm not a huge fan of George Reeves as Superman and I saw nothing but a special clip by Kirk Alyn - but hey, it does not matter. This black and white production runs less than an hour. He feels several episodes of one of Reeves' early television series, two-parter, associated for the release of the cinema, although IMDb says it was shot as a release of cinema before the first television series. In any case, this is a special reason why I get later. I'm aged when I remember TV and film productions that are limited to one or two places and files so there was no big surprise here. Still, this is a low budget, which is a really low budget. The story concerns the small town of Silsby - a population of 1,430, surprisingly, also home to the deepest oil well in the world (6 miles). The story opens with the foreman making good steps to close the well. This contradicts the arrival of Metropolis reporters Kent and Lane to report on the oil company's instructions. As Clark senses that the drill has emerged into the radioactive cave 6 miles down, a pair of tiny boys (small in height, big in the head, black in the suit, and dense eyebrows) appeared out of the exposed layers of the drill shaft and start dressing around a confused city expressions on the cheeks. <br /> <br /> Deep breath, here's the remaining plot of the image. Little boys scare some children, so Jeff Corey (playing in the outraged city xenophobia) encourages some friends to kill these "creatures". Superman joins (slightly ineffective) and captures one of the little guys who were shot and takes him to a local hospital. Corey's buddies burned the hut that was hiding the other boy and assumed he was killed, but escaped and his feet down the shaft. Corey encourages the lynx crowd (even if the sheriff is arresting him) to hang up the hospitalized Mole-Man. Superman stops them from entering the hospital and takes the wounded chappy to the shaft to bring him back to his colleagues. In total, 4 Mole-men appear with a weapon of some sort they fired at Jeff Corey (I call it Aargh! Gun, because its only effect is that Corey will go "Aargh!") And Superman will save him. He immediately changed his way because of the astonishment that Superman had rescued him from the way he acted, The Deaths went back down the shaft. End. Despite the fact that the film is only an hour long, a lot of reptiles, attention and persecution are exaggerated - I missed all the "Mole-Man 1 creepy from A to B to make sure no one watches it." Mole men never engage - they have no dialogue - they just lift up, chase and return. They look a little scary, but they are barely caught eyeing the bourgeois reaction. Reeves is quite good Clark Kent - a very playful reporter, much more than Phyllis Coates is rather indifferent to Lois Lane. But it's a terrible, terrible Superman. Not only does it not look at the part (at least in this color is the black color, which is the improvement of relatively light hair that was emitted in some episodes), the way it plays is all wrong in the book. I'm sure he was told he's "striking a pose" (which Superman is always doing), but someone should tell him it should be fists on his hips, not his fists on the rib. And he plays Superman as a rather rigid and tiny teacher - he really does not turn his finger into a shout, but maybe he did. And Superman makes a huge amount of walks around (I say a huge amount - in fact, not so much) and a bit running. He takes and lands several times, but he can not see it at any time. Oh, some bullets rebounded from him and used telescopic vision like Clark, but without accompanying visual effect. In fact, visual effects are noticeable by their absence and only a few that are present are not very good. I tried to consider this effort in terms of time standards: but even according to these standards, I think it's a really dirty effort. Fortunately, production standards have been higher in television series, and at least they have managed to find stories that have been a little bit more. <br /> <br /> Something disappointing - they will not watch it again.
