The really disturbed, cannibalist psychopath John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody) who lives in the cave is running down campers who make an unfortunate mistake to find themselves in the wild in their backs. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) enter into playful arguments with their wives, Sharon (Tony Barrett, late real wife of Gary Kent) and Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) themselves. To make it clear, gary decides to leave Los Angeles for a wilderness trip to the camp, disturbing their partners until they soon follow. Falling prey to John, Teddi is soon killed when Sharon runs for his life when men arrive late into the wild because of the overheating of his car. Fear, tired and paranoid, Sharon gets some very unusual help. John's Ghost Kids! Correctly, John's children remain in the wilderness, the scary signs that spy on those who exist in the forest, Sharon loved it in a special way and helped her in safety and friends. Meanwhile, Steve and Charlie soon find shelter from the bottom and darkness of the night in the cave where John lives. Cooking above a burning fire, massaging is actually from Charlie's wife, Teddi! Unconsciously, Charlie gives her the flesh when John offers him who finds strangers in his dwelling! Anyway, they were soon afraid of their wife, Steve and Charlie set off to find them like morning breaks. Meanwhile, John goes hunting, with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in the fight for survival. When Steve suffers a fracture of fractures between two massive rocks over a flowing river, the disability will only increase such a nightmare when Sharon will follow his affirmative young friends for potential security ... even at one point ask for his father to give her did not kill. Charlie, unfortunately, does not have such friends. Director Donald Jones (who also wrote and went off to fund the film) cleverly shoots the film in such a wonderful, magnificent spot in California's Sequoia National Park, where the gargantuan trees are decomposingly high and basically looking at what's going on, on what they are doing. For some strange reason, Jones's direction did not matter to the atmosphere. Fear was missing, though there are some rather worrying assaults from John using his knife (... cleverly shot, Jones' camera suggests more than what is actually on the screen, yet still somehow reaches how he asks what John does to the victims ). In such a picturesque landscape to see the innocent mania conquered, this species increases the horror. Urban people who try to spend a few days in another place, feel fresh, fresh air, enjoy the view of the beautiful view just to find themselves in the shadow of a haunted predator with a very intimidating knife. Providing a story of why John the Monster, Jones, allows us to testify about his memory of the memory of discovering adultery of his wife and the corresponding reaction (.. is also a spirit in the wilderness by searching for her children who want to punish them as "anger") killing her , as well as a lover in bed (.. refrigerator repairer). Children, sad and depressed, commit suicide and now "chase" the wilderness, they still communicate with their pa or with anyone who chooses. I realize that such novelty as the children of ghosts in the slammer is unique and appreciated by some, but I found the idea a bit hockey and too stupid to take seriously. They help our hero escape from several potentially dangerous situations, but it was terribly hard for me to constantly giggle. The music I discovered secretly in the 1980s and the shows are not enthusiastic. I mean, I can respond to the situation they are in, because it is really terrifying to find yourself in the unfamiliar and hostile area hunted by anyone who knows this area. I think the movie is in many respects similar to NOT ALLOWING WOOD, except that FOREST has the above mentioned ghost children (... their voices echo when we talk to Sharon, their father or each other). Gary Kent looks like dirty George Lucas, with torn clothing and humanity lost. As I mentioned above, violence is not as horrible as what is being proposed because director Jones is able to effectively break away from the big penetration of the knife, yet the way he performs on the scenes leaves you rather upset (for example, Teddi's murder, violence mostly silhouetting on the surface of the huge huge stone formations, her requests for John to stop and several times trying to crawl away from his predator just to finish, I saw better and worse this type of slasher film, it's rather average, in the best case, with some effectively sculpted scenes. I do not think it's particularly memorable, except for ghost children.
