The film begins with two campers, a man and a woman probably together, walking alone in the vast wilderness. Surely a person hears something and it suffers him so much that he is exploring it. Our killer greets him by stomping his stomach. He then pursues the girl and squeezes her throat. The camera during the opening scene is from a killer point of view. <br /> <br /> We also meet four main characters, two couples, one of them on the rocks. Men have a joke about how a woman would never be able to handle camping alone in a double term, which would have prompted the ambience of a token blonde to leave a week earlier. The men unexpectedly leave the same day and their car breaks down. Eventually it will arrive in the evening. When men arrive, they are warned that people in the woods disappear with crazy Ralph's doppler. They ignore the warning and business into the black night and the eighty-five song in the background with lyrics about murder in a dark forest. Men are lost. <br /> <br /> In the next scene, we realize that this is not just another Burning clone, but a ghost story! Women, terrified and lonely, warm up together. Two children appear in the shade and decide to play Tom. Well, they are obviously spirits, according to how their voices are heard! Their mother appears with the blood dripping from the hole in the forehead and asks two ladies to see their children before they disappear. <br /> <br /> Children run home on papa and tell him about two beautiful ladies by the river. This causes quite a stir and gets up and grabs the knife from the fire. "Dad's going to hunt," little girl shouts badly. It is obvious that Dad is not a spirit like his children. <br /> <br /> Attenuated by something in the woods, a symbolic blonde is split, blind to night, carrying a knife. He meets a father who explains that he is starving and will be quick. It makes no sense because of the panthers we have heard before (Maybe she's allergic! Are pals honestly even in California?) She ends up with a slight injury before they get stabbed in the head. The thunderstorm explodes and men seek shelter, which turns out to be where the dad is. It is obvious that someone lives here because there is fire and something strange is roasting over him. The kids will appear and warn them from a dad who will appear a little later. They will disappear as soon as he arrives. For some reason, our murderer is only for women. He calls men to have something to eat and tells us about his ex-wife. We remembered that his wife had caught cheating. The old man does not tell them that he will kill her but her mistresses, but that's how they relate. We will not give a reason for the children to die. Men go to sleep and remain undamaged. The next morning the men will discover the empty camping of their husbands. After a brief discussion, they split. One is to stay in the camp while the other goes and gets help. The one who returns to his car breaks his leg. Then we met the children when they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who have killed their mother sad. She agrees to make a woman join her friends. The following scene is reversing the logic of the movie when Dad kills a man waiting in the camp. He also dated or married a blonde. Sometimes children realize they are murdered and tell the woman about it. She decides to see her alone, and of course she gets to the killer. Fortunately, children make him stop by threatening to leave him forever. You know where it is. Overall, the film deserves four stars out of ten, and it is generous. After all the doubts, the musical score is well done. It is still observable. There are some camera angles that look professional and some files are doing well. The plot is incredible. There is such a thing as a willing suspension of unbelief, but with a toad 6 miles away; I can not imagine the token blonde would be like that in the middle of the night. I mean, come on! <br /> <br /> - Alan "Skip" Bannacheck
