I think of all the unclear, overlooked, low-budget horror films waiting to be re-discovered in the DVD release, why choose The Forest? I love an ultra low budget directly on home video or other alternative horror. I love the horror of hackers from the 1980s. I like scavengers who go crazy for the night to persecute, murder and eat the psychopaths. I think nonprofessors are working on horror film as a way to get into the industry or just shoot a movie because they want to do one. I am all for the use of found public places, non-actors, no talent talent behind the camera and in the studio. NO PROBLEM! The most evocative picture of the garden is that it opens a couple of walking pairs in the distance across the forest into the forest. We see them as small, vulnerable creatures entering a tiny gloomy world where people may not be the top of the food chain or the most feared predator. After that, the film is filming and will never recover - we will meet a pair of toddlers just as they realize they are being persecuted. They are divided, both are crippled, and then we meet the protagonists of the movie while driving their car in a traffic jam. They meet their respective friends and decide on camping. The sounds of snoring fill the room as people who came to watch movie violins with their cell phones, who are sending text messages there, who do not say how much the film absorbs. This movie is too slow, this movie is too boring and this movie is too talkative. Which would not be such a bad thing if the writers gave people something to say other than the deepest, asian and unnecessary things. You know your horror movie is in trouble when the figure with the most interesting lines of the park is warning everyone before Cannibal Woods. And if they talk about these "woods," they look so far away from civilization as the rest of the fields behind the football field, with only the larger rocks and the flowing streams. There are impressive shots of the forest, but no real feeling of being in the middle. If any of the characters stood on the trail and waited long enough, someone would get there. <br /> <br /> What's worse in the movie is that it does not create any human interest: I do not know who these pairs are and they care what happens to them. The Hermit cannabis slasher guy is uninteresting, even though he pretends to see freshly cooked meat from the foot of one of his victims to serve a cruel bite to a friend seeking shelter in his cave. His irony is the embodiment of "irritation". Together with a deliberately sinister synthesizer music score, cinematography that looks suspiciously as if someone pinned a camera to a dog and followed human movements, a lack of noticeable gore, nudity, exciting excitement and unfavorable atmosphere and what we have here is a horror film as awesome as the PBS television show on how magnets work. I do not mean to "wash out" the people behind this film because, of course, they went to a project with nothing but much, they did not try to be creative and ended up with another boring film that some murder chases women in the woods with a knife. It's nothing wrong with this concept of what's wrong, it's an ignorant and totally pedestrian way, as it was done, until the utterly unnecessary conclusion, when the film just gets an 80-minute mark. The best thing you can say about FOREST is that it's pretty fast and there's not much to re-project - So my confusion about why someone would feel the need for a DVD. It was cool like prism video rentals for years, as a DVD it will be a $ 5.99 rack fare within a month of hitting racks. There is little or no urgency to see the movie if you do not intend to create your own ultra low budget backwoods hacker set up in a public park where no one can charge the money for filming there. Here's how to avoid creating. <br /> <br /> With what was said and done, the film had an interesting sequence, or rather one sequence that was so pathetic and reluctant to think it would become a mystery in another cut and dried film: The madman will come home and finds his wife in bed with a local contractor. He emits his beloved, hands alone with a kitchen knife, which seems to have been made just to be used in horror film and flew over the interloper. This guy is attacking his quarry, which avoids and escapes only in order for the psycho to materialize in its footsteps with a bigger, worse weapon. Again psycho-attacks, and the guy gets away. Psycho materializes again and once again, one gets away. Then again! Finally on the fifth attempt to psycho training the dude to fall on some kind of bladed strain. How did he materialize with armed weapons with larger guns? Is there any supernatural element of this psycho? Since the film never claims that the scene is just a mystery that has the task of creating some tension. Its purpose remains unclear. The whole movie is such that it really does exist without the need to perform and implement such a ham-fisted, an unimportant way that one can not help but wonder what it was. <br /> <br /> 3/10, and enough evidence that just because you can release a movie on DVD, which does not necessarily mean it.
