The title of this obscure and (almost fairly) forgotten 80 slasher inevitably reminds me of a mega-smash-monster hit song with the same title, a piece of text in the title-section of this user's commentary. I also had nothing else to say that is useful. But hey, "Forest" is not quite hopeless and not even bad. If nothing else, at least it will follow, undoubtedly unwritten, the first 80th slasher rule: to kill someone during the first 10 minutes of the game. Surely you have heard about the basic premise of this movie ten times before, but do not let yourself be dissuaded from watching it, for "Les" has a few things more than an eye-catching ominous picture of the envelope. It's actually a little atypical 80 slasher! The main characters are not ordinary teenagers without effort and the script has strong ambitions to supernatural culture. The concept is not always successful, let alone likely, but it is more than interesting enough to attract attention. There are even some surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot that you can enjoy. Two married couples decide to go to camp in the most isolated California forest, but because of the stupid wage of their wife they travel separately from their husbands. As soon as they prepare for the night, they will have an unusual visit to their mother, who is looking for her two children, the children themselves, and ultimately the father who is out of love with humans. The demented family can be real or fictitious, but women are certainly in danger, and at the time their husbands come they have disappeared. Men also meet their family and learn more about the background of mild dysfunction. "Les" is a weird and unusual film, at least. It's not really a masterpiece of rendering, but a totally strange atmosphere will surely appeal to open fans of 80th Horror. The murders are pretty scary and filmed, including a split neck and a painful massacre, and the movie locations are amazingly beautiful. The more you think about the story and its sudden changes, the less it makes sense, so my advice would be to enjoy this strange tour as long as it takes and not a minute longer. The actor's performances are just above average, the music is fine and at least director Donald Jones (who is also responsible for exploiting 70's "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to be a bit more creative than most 80 horror films. It is a shame that it will eventually fail.
