I watched this movie last night with anticipation, but was not really overwhelmed. With the exception of "Combo," I thought acting was bad and the narration was limited. It appeared as a "made for television" drama. I felt that the film was very fanciful. The whole knockdown in the context at the beginning (yes, we get that Britain's 1980s - you can stop now) was tedious and gave a very unilateral view of what life is in the 1980s in Britain - poverty, war beside Queen, Margaret Thatcher, nothing in between? In fact, there were middle classes that existed at that time - just ordinary working people with a decent wage and mortgage. It also seemed that the clips from Falkland were randomly added to the end, due to the "dramatic effect" I suppose. The sequence of events felt somewhat divided, as the characters moved one action to another without seeing how their thinking could change so quickly. The relationship between "Shaun" and "Sense" was pointed. During the snogging scene I could not even look. I think it's very hard to believe that she was attracted to a boy who was not only younger, but also looked much younger. I know there are only four years between them, but four years are nothing when you get to the twenties, but it's a huge difference in your teens! In my experience, this type of adolescent adolescence only grows when the girl is younger, because girls are accelerating much faster and are more likely to be on the boys' wavelength a few years older. I'm sorry, but I could not buy it - an unnecessary spike created for the shock value. The end was somewhat sudden and re-created. If the flagship event should be symbolic, then it dropped slightly. <br /> <br /> I'm mistaken that British films only concern higher classes or the poor. Do not get me wrong, I like Trainspotting and the four weddings have their magic, but can not the British come up with something else? Why are our films hanging on a class system? I was born in 1973, so it did not change much in the age of "Shaun" in 1983. I grew up in a single-parent family on a rather dilapidated Austrian estate in a city in England. However, my childhood experiences differed from those that appeared in the film - I even remember that racism is not a problem (although I do not say it does not exist). "This is England"? It's not my experience. <br /> <br /> The most important thing is that I felt that this film lacked the essence and I was totally bored and flat.
