"Fred Claus" is sure to avoid making this year "The Santa Claus" by having a bit more fun time than Tim Allen starrer, but that does not mean it's enough to make it worth a trip to the theater . <br /> <br /> Because the holiday movies go, it's conceived and sentimental. But in fact it may be the least interest because "Fred Claus", who boasts that David Dobkin ("The Knights of Shanghai", "wedding crasher") at the rudder, contains practically nary really funny moments as it clumsily treads line between Vince Vaughn's flamboyant car and the fuzzy Christmas movie. It does not last in both. And in the film, which consists of Paul Giamatti, Kevin Spacey, Rachel Weisz and Kathy Bates, it leaves one more disappointed. Vaughn plays Fred, an elder and estranged brother, Nick (Giamatti), who (Bates and Trevor Peacock) after having earned enough sincere favorites of his parents with his younger sibling. No one grows up like Santa Claus (and as he tells us, time will freeze on you and your family when you become a saint) while Fred becomes a poor repo man in Chicago who hardly remembers his girlfriend Wanda's birthday. He has problems with the law and had to call his younger brother (who looks at least ten years older than he) to release him from prison. Nick agrees, but only if Fred agrees to help him with the toy shop on the North Pole. Fred reluctantly agrees, but his cynicism interferes with Santa and Elf's eternally cheerful nature, even as an expert in efficiency (Spacey) controls the operations of factory factories, very happy that the whole arctic operation will end if things fail. /> <br /> The film has its moments, but the padded running length is dragged along its entire length. Among them, there are piles of Christmas film clichés that they have been dealing with, say, "Elf," and attempts at sentimentality are as noble as last year's fetus. <br /> <br /> Vaugn, as usual, brings his rough charm to the table, but the castrated script Dan Fogelman keeps him from really doing his thing. Giamatti, under a dirty, thick suit, brings a cheerful old charm to his iconic figure, but unfortunately he has to play the second violin with Fred. Spacey brings his game to his face, but his turns usually end up as a clumsy flaw. Eventually, "Fred Claus" becomes a forgotten film that falls under what those who take part in it deserve. Sure, there are worse ways to get started in the cinema, but there are certainly better ways.
