A painfully bad Christmas movie that has the same painful performance by Vince Vaughn, who pays his usual frat boy alone, but this time for a child's film but without the joke or spell that is in his R rated movies. Vaughn appears to be on the autopilot, though most of the movie is on, and he continues to wall with his faint performance. After 30 minutes of the movie, you would be in contact with your inner disaster and say "Bahumbag" about how this movie is unfortunate, and after another 30 minutes you'll want to come out how excruciating the movie is at that moment. Of all the actors who participated in this disorder, only Paul Giamatti and Rachel Weisz bring some life where there are perspective paper thin roles, and that's crazy because they are both too good actors to be in this movie. Paul Giamatti brings a certain depth and warmth to the character of Saint Nicholas himself, but he is forced to Vaughn's youthful behavior when they make their sad siblings. You can see on Giamatti's face that he does not enjoy his role and painfully appears in certain parts of the film. Rachel Weisz brings into her role a sense of fun and spirit but she really does not have a lot of character to work with and you can see in her face that she is well aware of it so it seems to be irritated in certain parts of the movie . Fortunately, she is not in the movie at all, and she can save a face, unlike Giamatti, who seems to burn his agent to the end of the film. The direction also feels unstoppable, as if there is no feeling or flux that should be, and it is supposedly a holiday film, but in the end it feels like you're just staring at a fantasy widow display that is torn. <Br /> <br /> I do not know what happened wrong, but only two actors (Giamatti and Weisz) tried to bring at least something to the table with a malfunctioning script they had to work with (and that's a Christmas movie about all things) and an actor who does not care about his performance (Vaughn), you have a very unevenly bad movie that is very painful.
