Recap: Something mysteriously dense to send radio signals is discovered in the icy Antarctic. The mysterious block is dug up and brought to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former SETI worker, was brought to decipher the report. The problem is that one of the researchers is his old girlfriend, and the situation is rapidly becoming clumsy, especially since other researchers are practically suited to him. And the block of ice with things inside melts unnaturally quickly. The building is soon open. The mystery continues because the object generates a huge amount of electrical energy. They decided to open an object, but just before Julian is decoded. "Do not open". But too late, and the object explodes, how it is finally broken, and two things that are released on the ground. The first is the alien who was sleeping in the building, and the second is the virus that immediately kills the research staff. And Washington, who is suspiciously updated on this historic event, decides that these things can not be unleashed on the ground. So a Russian Nuclear Nuclear Submarine is sent to Antarctica. Comments: The film has some surprises. One of them is Carl Lewis, who surprisingly gives good acting, and the second is that special effects that are beautiful, well-done and much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has many own surprises and this time not good. In fact, it's so full of plotting the holes that sometimes it seems that movies make up almost from randomly connected scenes. It can never be explained why Washington knows so much about why Washington can drive Russian submarines, why is an Antarctic object and waking up now. It is indeed a mystery that the alien is broadcast in comprehensible English. Someone might want to explain by saying that the alien was previously on Earth and knew that language (and apparently chose English, why?). But then it is very confusing why dear aliens who apparently want to save Earth from the virus send their message "Do not open" encrypted! Finally, the end is as open as the end can be. The movie is a little fun, but too much energy (from me) must be diverted to fill the emptiness of the conspiracy. The overall impression of the film is therefore not very good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
