And maybe, as Fred Sandford said, "one over his lips." That's for those who have made this film unsuspecting to the public. And maybe for a person in "Rue Morgue," who called it "Fender Hellbender," and said it was good. The five young girls who apparently take a shortened home from a high school football game will lose themselves and stop asking for a small deal in the middle of nowhere. While the driver accidentally hits the parked SUV and blocks the headlight, the girls decide to just leave and find the driver. But the driver came to find them, and it's not just that the light of the light on her vehicle got corpses, that's another reason they do not understand the girls yet. When the driver first caught it, she (yes, it is her) fired shot a gun and made them get rid of them and still screaming at them, "how much did you see?". Of course, girls are afraid of death and I do not know what they are talking about. Because the night rolls on girls end up in a cat and mouse game with an SUV driver who drives to cause all sorts of injuries to girls that are extremely resistant to shots and screwdrivers where they do not want them. Eventually he finds that after they left, something happened in this store, which is the reason for the woman's psychotic rage. And eventually they have a chance to avenge and take it as far as they can go. <br /> <br /> There are elements of this movie that are rather worrying and scary, but unfortunately these moments undermine bad gaming, poor dialogue, and tremendous loss of credibility. One girl is hit by a shooter explosion and she seems to be mortally wounded, and she feels cold, her life is going through her eyes, but she's getting better? And how far can a mini-van run on an almost empty gas tank at a speed of 80 miles per hour? I need one of these things, apparently getting a big kilometer. It should be the end when the girls avenged, but the film goes on a bit after that, which is anti-culmination, but at least learns something that gave the woman away, and the driver is still concerned about "spoiling his mother's bath", which is obviously the smallest of everyone who is afraid. <br /> <br /> It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's too amateur to be good, and yet it's a little scary and scary sometimes totally terrible. But that cake does a lot of dizzying hysteria and you want to put two over your ears if you look at it. Which, by the way, I certainly do not recommend. 4 of 10.
