Five Across the Eyes begins when five young teenage girls travel home in time for their curfew, stops at the store and accidentally hits another car and decides to ride and leave. Soon after the second car forced them to stop, and a crazy woman with a shotgun was going out and shouting at them, making them dress her up and making them banging at them and then going away accidentally. The girls shuddered and shocked their suffering ended, but the crazy woman returned for a few seconds because she seems to want to kill the terrified girls who are lost and have low levels of gas ... Made and directed by Greg Swinson & Ryan Theissen with Swinson wrote things & Theissen responsible for cinematography and adaptation I have to say that Five Across the Eyes is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen, if not the worst, I think I'm trying to think about a movie I've seen is worse . Now let me begin by making sure that many of the film's taken decisions here were deliberate to try and provoke atmosphere, tension, realism and tension, but there is not one aspect Five eyes over which I did not hate to be honest, it looks like a bad home video that was built on YouTube, and it's even a little embarrassing and frankly worthless wasting 90 odd minutes of my time that I could do something fun and fun to pull my nails out with pliers. Reviews on the web appear to be absolutely positive, but to IMDb (a number of comments 1 star is revealed and can not all be bad, right?) And this is a message that in my opinion is much more an indicator of what the average person thinks it is totally suppressed by almost everyone, and the phrase "the worst movie I've ever seen" is used a few times and is fair, most of these negative comments have mentioned the same things and I have to agree with them. The story is horrible, okay do I suspect it is minimalist, but minimal? There are never any reasons or explanations for events that happen and they just feel completely random. It's been going on forever, the amount of plot here would be trying to fill the thirty minutes made for television shows all day long. The conversation is terrible with these annoying girls who apparently do not have a brain cell about random things and screaming a lot. God shouts, there are seemingly infinite scenes of these girls screaming or crying or wailing that not only irritates and upset and prevents any sensible viewer that they have compassion for them but does what they are trying to say almost impossible to hear right. Then there's a real killer, the whole movie is set up and shot in the minibus, the camera really does not leave the car, and as you can imagine it's really boring, we add that the low number of people of a person killed by a screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie, which I hated with passion. On a technical level, I can see again that the film style was a deliberate choice here, but I have to be honest again and say "Five through the eyes" is the worst movie I've ever seen. As a movie fan, I like my movies to look like the right movies because it's a visual medium and I certainly do not want them to look worse than the average YouTube video or my home movies shot on my camcorder when I was drunk. It really looks like amateur and it's bad, it's a complete look and I hate each other's every moment. Just think that the Blair Witch Project (1999) is only ten times worse and looks and you will almost. There are times during Fifth through the eyes when you can not really tell what is happening or going on because of camera work and almost black and grainy contrast levels. Violence is also tangled with a few bloods and a stab at the end. The low budget does not even begin to describe Five Across the Eyes with an estimated budget of about $ 4,000, making it one of the smallest budgeting ever released. The two supplies in the movie were owned by members of the production and that is basically the entire budget right on the spot. Acting is a pretty bad master cast, I just hated all the fake of crying and screaming that they did not convince, but they irritated tremendously. Five Across the Eyes will go down as one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I've seen some movies whenever someone asks me what's the worst movie I've ever seen, Five Across the Eyes will surely mention. I hated him, every aspect of him and a miserable moment.
