Less than 10 minutes into this movie I wanted to end because it was painful. All this horror movie was about a bunch of stuffed females who do stupid things for 90 minutes, quarreling, crying and screaming. Do not let positive reviews deceive you because it's really a terrible movie and you really should not look. The film plot had the potential to be something great, but it just will not happen. A group of five "teenage" girls go home one night when they find themselves in the way of a crazy female driver who wants to kill them. Two minutes into the movie and the character are already arguing and it will not stop. Everything we have for 90 minutes is a lot of girls' lamentation, crying, shouting, "acting" and arguing. None of the dialogs is interesting, so you do not have to really know these characters or enjoy them. The game was terrible and I was shocked when I found out that these characters were meant to be teenagers. None of these women seemed to be under the age of 20, and one of them looked as if it were almost 30 years old. At least get people who look like an age. None of them made even a decent performance and seemed to be out of the street or friends of the director who did not have acting skills. The actress, who played the killer, pushed her over, but at least showed something the other girls did not have - a little talent. Characters do not help things, because these girls are a pile of monsters, stupid bitches. That's all I can really say about them, and it did not help everyone survive. If I have to go into detail, in one scene the girls are pursued by a killer and their car has a lot of knocks. One girl gets hurt and wailing ... Four of them do not have a belt ... what do you expect? One of your friends is brutally attacked by a killer ... and you're all just "too injured" to help? Anything. Filming a movie is terrible. I do not care if this movie had a peanut size budget, shooting was terrible and it was like watching the pirated version of the film. The cameraman apparently found himself in the car, somewhere popping out against the window, and the number of times the camera was spoiled, shaking and leaning on the "actress" was scary. It was also grainy and sometimes you did not hear what the characters were saying (not that it was something that was worth listening to). It is supposed that the assassin's car in the movie (allegedly hit, even when we heard an accident) is in fact a car of directors in real life. No wonder they did not show that the car was getting! This movie is so cheap that they can not even show that the car a little scratched. Oh, I also have to mention the soundtrack ... if it is. It was terrible ... sad for a second, then heavy jumping another. <br /> <br /> At the end of the day, Five through the eyes just feels like a horrible home movie shot in the middle of a night road with a bunch of stupid girls screaming and arguing for 90 minutes. It does not help when the screenplay is horrible, fears / tension / tension and (and hardly any gore to make up for it) is missing, acting is terrible, and picture quality and shooting are terrible. <br /> <br /> It was a terrible low-budget movie. Avoid it at all costs. <br /> <br /> 1/10
