- Contains mineral spoilers - I've seen a number of decent films from India such as The Hamiltons, The Boys Love Mandy Lane and Cabin Fever; unfortunately I felt that Five Across the Eyes did not belong to this category. From the beginning to the end, the film is hurting amateur acting resonating from a very bad script, God knows why the writer (s) intended to talk like, "Do not go out, you do not go out, it gets you: if he gets you, he'll kill you and kill you, you're dead "has film quality. The film has very little personal development, and it is sincere that I do not care less about what pain and torture they have been caused because they are just a group of Dittish college girls who do not show much redemption. "The only thing they do is crying and running around the movie, and if the girls do not say their arguments, when they say that the themes are entirely random: dating boys or how some of the girl's fathers have recently cremated (the subjects when you are being pursued by a psychotic killer). <br /> <br /> The soundtrack is also (although hearing credit music knew the end is coming, it looked like heaven). because it has little or no budget, the director has been limited to just one digital camera, which is almost a movie in a girl's car. I think it was an effort to keep viewers as close as possible to events: to feel and experience what the girls are going through But because of a very shocking camera, grainy image and too close to action, it's hard to tell what's happening during the action scenes and it's just chaotic. I've become subjective, but it's another thing to do on the screen that the audience can not figure out about bad cinematography. I understand that Five Across the Eyes is a low budget indie film, but it does not justify extremely poor quality. There are no payback factors for this movie: bad behavior, bad scripting, poor camera work, and no story. In the light of all this I decided to give the movie one out of 10, because it made me very disappointed; they want the meteor to hit the ground and bring me a sweet relief. Her 94-minute silly college girls cry, quarrel, aimlessly run and have random inappropriate interviews. However, the number of times you get to the eyes that are back in their hands and throwing bulls on the windscreen of a persecuted car.
