Like horror fans, we all know that blind rents are bullshit. Sometimes we find a real jewel, but many times we've found that the movie we've just spent on our hard earned money is nothing but a nasty steamboat worsened by completely undeserved reviews and film fests on the box. This is the case for Five Across the Eyes (a title I'm sure is a double bidder, referring both to the budget of the film and to the urge someone watches it will have to use all five fingers to look up ). <br /> The story, or at least what the writers * ahem * thinks they are going for one, focuses on a group of teenage girls who tirelessly decide to go back to the joyride late at night after leaving the soccer game and running a crazy woman, which carries a cat and mouse as a punishment for what they think the girls found in her car behind the fender in the petrol station parking lot. In justice, this is an interesting idea. Some of the best horrors have very simple stories. It's under Five Over the Eyes that this idea is falling. The film is attempting to be a cross between the Blair Witch Project with its turbulent camera and the Texas Chainsaw massacre in the bare-cheek approach to the material, but it succeeds in not being there. What we get instead is redundant scenes of persecution, torture, release; persecuting torture, releasing in that order for 94 minutes with long interludes of bitching, strenuous and incoherent villain acts as a lot of padding between the pursuit of the sequence. The film's view is incredibly grainy and dark, which, in a better film, could increase tension and realism. Here it is just annoying. The characters are incomplete and the viewer is pressed hard to find something to comprehend. One character stops to get a first aid kit and tends to scratch it, while the sounds heard in the background indicate that her friends can be killed. Another girl speaks cheerfully and stupidly like "Do not go out there, she gets you when she gets you, she kills you, and when she kills you, you're dead." <br /> <br /> The Fangoria and Dreadcentral.com Awards were put on a box that forced me to check this message. Talk about a fake orgasm! Perhaps my expectations would have been met if it was in a comedy. I'm for the low-budget horror of India, but this little piece is giving. Put five over your eyes (or FATE, get it?) Passage. <br /> <br /> RazorFriendly gives FATE 1 slash of five /
