Watching TRUTH ABOUT LOVE (it's a double star entender?) It's like connecting white noise or sounds made of water to help you sleep - put it in the DVD slot because there's nothing else on the shelves of the store, and you need it distraction after a hectic day. And it works for this purpose: to be a British romantic comedy, it's a little more. The story is fairly simple about wife Alice (Jennifer Love Hewitt), who married an increasingly distant husband, Sam (Jimi Mistry), who gave up his love life because of the burden of his busy practice. His partner Archie (Dougray Scott) loves both Sam and Alice, but has a long attractiveness to Alice, who goes out of friendship. Alice's friends with her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), a lawyer for free love that encourages Alice to have matters. On St. Valentine's Day, after drinking with her sister, Alice sends a card to her that signed Anonymous as a test to find out if Sam is reacting and testing her loyalty. At the same time, Archie sends a package to the radish of Alice, to whom he wrote a suggestive love. They both ex post facto regrets. Sam really spends time with lover Katya (Branka Katic) and really cheats Alice. Alice arranges Sam assignment by email and phone calls, and plans to meet Sam in disguise like Anonymous to test her loyalty. The entire cast of the figure is captured in a stupid charade and finally shows that true love must be based on truth - and how it results in different pairing is the surprise (s) of the fluffy script. <br /> <br /> <br /> British comedies work because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting. Perhaps director John Hay chose to make a British actress like Alice instead of putting a false accent on Jennifer Love Hewitt that the outcome might be better. But in the end, this story of Peter Bloore in his messages jumps between slightly humorous and pathetic. One terrible distraction is a musical score that is constantly so loud that it covers the entire dialogue and is disturbing. There are some nice scenes from London and a few moments of acceptable humor, but eventually this little movie is actually best used as background music / white noise. Grady Harp
