This weighted production has its fans. But paraphrase the classic bad review "Mary Reilly", Moby Dick is like painting, just slower. Because the philosophical reasons for film production never make a great movie, it is rather a substitute for the lack of a strong leadership idea (in this case for film-to-film conversion) with a list of hopelessly atomized, undynamic but dazzling conundrum in an effort to deceive audiences into thinking, that they saw magnificence. As spectators and critics are able to sink down on it, the Oscars follow, feeding the whole stupid equation. I do not share the pleasure that all these reviewers have found. Moby Dick is amazingly uninteresting. The actors courageously teach the essays about Jonah, Moby Dick, the ocean, Moby Dick, Moby Dick ... all that can not react, and none of them is absorbed in the slightest. It's dramatically inert. It does not show up. In narrative terms, Moby Dick (as a movie) is no more than a culmination in finding a true story. After half an hour I muttered: "Oh, oh, oh, oh, another oath ... another 4 minutes!" <br /> <br /> In an unsuccessful attempt to engage you, it's a pretty nice pussy show. Many gray hair. Starbuck is to be a golden deity. (!) One person knows that he is looking at a great director when he makes the medium as his own, rather than trying to replicate the feeling of someone else's painting and palette, or the respectable embalming of the classic, as Huston does. Pictures and books are nice, but they're different media. Such a movie can not understand that a really nice piece of crap (Village of the Damned) is in most ways better than an unbearable culture. This is Eat Your Vegetables School of Film Making. <br /> <br /> One appreciates the work that they had to do to make a film, but not a narrative. Only a few segments reflecting marine research are interesting; recording shanties as a means of structuring work and different maritime endeavors; and whale hunting technology. And it does not require a two-hour movie.
