At the end of "Dragon's Heat" I realized why I was bothered to sit the whole thing. The premise of the movie is interesting and that - like Maggie Q - is what attracted me to the film first. But I was sometimes disappointed. Writer-director Daniel Lee can not have a candle like John Woo, Ringo Lam and Corey Yuen. This must be one of the most unpleasant films I've ever seen. Lee is so embracing in his visual style - and I use this expression incredibly loose - that he fills the film with completely unnecessary black and white photographs, frost, slow motion, fast movement, and other visual nonsense. I suppose he did everything that compensated for the lack of a good story or dialogue. Action scenes are nothing special and they play like some jump music video more than anything else. Some figure will take care of little, including two allegedly professional snipers who could not hit the wide side of the barn inside! - who are then loaded with some of the smartest dialogues I've seen in one of these Hong Kong shareholders. The action is without any twists and turns - from the initial setting, everything is predicated on predictable fashion - and Lee feels the need to constantly remind our back story stories if we did not get it several times. It's terribly amateur writing and film making and losing the talents of Samma Hung, Michael Biehn and Maggie Q. Still, I'm honest and I remember that Biehn is in a good movie that was not directed by James Cameron. <br /> <br /> If you're really in the mood for a great Hong Kong stockholder, it's a lot better to hold some buckles, John Woo "The Killer" (1989) and "Hard-Vailed" (1992), Ringo Lam "The City on Fire," which Quentin Tarantino stole for "Reservoir Dogs" (1992) - or his remake "Point Blank" (1967), Full Contact (1992). Or even check out Yuen's "So Close" (2002), an extremely fun but awkward popcorn movie. And there is always a great French police shareholder "The Nest" (2002). True, most, if not all, are a little overlapping, but they were movies that are exciting, exciting and even thrilling. They have characters that matter to us, and meaningful action sequences. <br /> <br /> "Dragon Heat", on the other hand, is simply terribly average. The problem is that Lee did not make a bad action movie, he made it blunt.
