The story is as follows: Kate (Jessica Simpson) decides to visit her friend in a big city. When he comes, he finds out he's not as faithful as he should be. Katie then ends up in an adventure that is New York. It sounds like a comic wheel and a magic misfortune. It fits into a hole in the country, and thus meets charismatic good Ben (Luke Wilson). It's not love at first sight, at least for her, but fate and Ben will not give up quite easily. To be "just" a girl in a small town and a blonde, a few bad executives in a construction company decides to be the perfect scapegoat for her clever plan. There is a misunderstanding with happy and sad consequences. But this is one blonde who will not take it down! <br /> <br /> People who have decided on this movie will soon be coming. Jokes are convincing and appropriate, and the story well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben is so natural that it gives everything Godard has done to be disgraced. Multiplayer Jessica Simpson will surprise the strong role he can fight. Simpson is really Marilyn Monroe of today (there is one scene that honors her!). Perfect balance between vulnerable and whimsical. Katie really shows us you can not judge the book on the cover! Luke Wilson is just as charming as ever. Even if it was covered with manure, the man would be as attractive as anybody else. His light touch, dog puppy eyes and a slowed way that it is difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays the role he was born to play, one of two devilish leaders. It can not be underestimated. The power of power lies in its restraint. It's remarkable because most actors simply run away and play cheap laughs. Not this guy! In the end, director Scott Marshall has created an intelligent and often cheerful comedy that is meant to become a classic alongside masterpieces such as Epic Movie and Norbit. Kudos to everyone involved, especially Jessica Simpson. Her sincere smile and cheerful laughter cause even the hardest man to smash in a big smile. You can be hard, but you're not that hard! We cordially recommend to anyone who wants to be dragged out of their legs and see a romantic comedy that once feels sincere. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and soundtracks! <br /> <br /> Now, if you have not yet. I'm sarcastic. 1/10
