It is commonplace that the film about repression is somewhat dampened in style and tone. However, there is a difference between using restrictions and encouraging narcolepsy among audience members. In the film "Secret Dental Lives," starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Rudolph plays the closet as close as possible, so a movie that never goes beyond the boundaries of the overview of how teeth are a metaphor for married life. <br /> <br /> Scott gives a fine performance in the role of David Hurst, the dentist who married another teeth (Davis). Rudolph quickly develops the dynamics of his relationships - he is totally absorbed in everyday parenting duties, is quietly disappointed with their frantic family life - and then stretches tension when Scott may or may not be witnessing his wife to another man. From this moment on, the film focuses on whether David is about to put his wife Dan back against her possible adultery, or whether she defeats her to the blow and leaves her. From time to time David treats visits to an imaginary "friend" in the form of former patient Denis Leary (heavily borrowed by Tyr Durden from Brad Pitt in the "Fight Club"). <br /> <br /> While there is enough uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's instability that would require the test, the last two-thirds of the film are embarrassingly empty of the subject or narrative. Instead, Rudolph creates a drama of harmless fever that slowly travels through the Hurst family, culminating in an unnecessary visit to the hospital at the height of the film. The film never shows signs of what David really can do if he was not so dedicated to his family; nor did he spend much time looking at Dana's uneasy balance between her family life and her other, more fulfilling ambitions. By deciding to spend most of the film worrying over Rudolf's feverish winter, he will kill the momentum of his film. At the time the fifth member of the family appeared to be sweating and sick, the film took advantage of all the good graces of Scott's well-measured performance. David and Dana end up stepping back and over and over until they reach the cathartic finale. With what we could not build in the last hour, it seems the conclusion is unpleasant and full. "The Secret Life of Dentists" has a common theme and does nothing to improve. Overall, this is an unsatisfactory, non-imaginable film.
