Yeh, I know - you tremble with excitement. Well, * The secret lives of dentists * will not ruin your expectations: it is solid but essentially non-imaginative, true, but boring. This is a story of spouses who have become dentists and who share the same practice (already a recipe for trouble: if it was not for our separate working lives, we would all pay our wives for utter irritation). Campbell Scott, whose mustache and behavior are not all, as well as Ned Flanders of The Simpsons, is a gentle maneuver, a uber-dad husband, and Hope Davis is a bored-tough housewife who brings her frustration into the amateur opera. One night, when Dad and Daughters attend one of Davis's performances, he finds his wife's frustration more than just singing: he witnesses that his wife kissed and flirted with the director of the opera. (One nice touch: we never see the face of the opera director.) Scott decides to pretend that the negotiation of divorce, divorce and child care in child care - just profitable for lawyers - decides to pretend to be ignorant of his wife's indecision. br /> <br /> You have already begun to sing amongst those literate: swing, another story about a wicked, sad little Cuckold. But Rudolph, who took the story of Jane Smiley's novel, hopes that the good life of this material will be offset by a series of crazy postmodern touches. For example, one of Scott's warrior patients (Denis Leary, maintained relatively and blessedly under control) later becomes a kind of dental imagination, emerging as the Devil-on-the-shoulder attorney for the old ("Dump the b --- h ! ", etc.). When Scott did not appear to his imaginary new friend, he is otherwise tortured by fantasies that include his wife involved in three trips with two male dental assistants who work in their practice. It's not too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for real people (or Grown-Ups, at least). In this direction, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are definitely recognizable people compared to the glamorous pair of Cruise and Kidman. Additionally, the * Secret Life * script is clearly more relevant than Kubrick's. As proof, I offered a display of the children of dentists, especially the youngest, who are aged 3 to 4 and whose main expression is "Daddy, Daddy, Papa, Daddy, Dad! This is a family life, well, with all its spells. would be interested in an interesting double account with * Kramer and Kramer * One can easily follow the feminization of the American man from 1979 to 2003. In this film, Dad is a housewife like * Kramer *, but he is by no means a distraught home role, from Dustin Hoffman, who was too manly made toast, and here Scott gets all the tasks he needs to do, such as fighting kid's vomit, cooking, cleaning, bringing kids to any unpleasant activity after school, and without complaining. this is of course taken for granted.) The film has virtues that are mostly related to verisimilitude. However, it is torn apart by grandeur by the fact that a fashion distraction that culminates in a long scene when it makes terrible five-day stomach flu in the home. We must endure the senseless imaginary sequence initiated by the imaginary leader Leary. Which, by the way, reminds the character of Brad Pitt in the combat club *. And finally, the home movie is another big mistake: lack of originality. In this overview, I realize that it is too easy to refer to many other films. This movie benefits from most of them but still. * The secret lives of dentists * are worth seeing, but do not be too excited. (Not that you were just as excited, I think.)
