Obviously, none of the previous reviewers, most of whom praise the film for their accuracy, actually read the biography of Ludwig Pasteur. The most obvious inaccuracy is in the relationship between Pasteur and Napoleon III. In the 1930s this species inevitably manifested bad light. While in an admirable position - he was a stupid politician and a self-proclaimed "military genius" who allowed France to get into a catastrophic war, there was no silly reactionary. He had a keen interest in science, and like many other people in the 19th century, he saw a bright future in the future thanks to the improvements he would bring. Besides the exile of Pasteur, his PATRON was, he set up a lab and provided him with all the resources he needed for his research. While the lab was under construction, Pasteur became seriously ill. A bureaucrat, deciding it was a waste of money to build a lab for someone who would soon be dead, ordered the work stopped on his own authority. the Emperor heard of it, his agitation shook the bureaucracy, so there was a turbulent reversal, and work resumed immediately. The Emperor personally visited Pasteur to please him and assured him that he would get to his lab. The Emperor would often bring members of his court to admire the Pasteur projects, and it was obvious to everyone that Pasteur was one of the favorite emperors. Pasteur's main concern about the Emperor was that Napoleon thought that Pasteur was virtually a miracle worker who could do almost anything, and that he always assigned tasks beyond his previous experience. Pasteur, a very modest man, always protested, but Napoleon would have said he had full faith in him, and Pasteur, despite his doubts, always walked. They always had a close and friendly relationship, and after the overthrow of Emperor Pasteur he refused to say a bad word about him, grateful until the end of his life. Part of his daughter with a child and Pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor never happened. The part about anthrax and rage for which he was known is generally correct, but the idea that the anthrax experiment has lifted him from uncertainty to glory is false. He was famous and respected at the time when it happened. This movie is fine from a dramatic point of view, but very distorted as a biography.
