I saw that Chan was missing when she first came out about four years after she moved from San Francisco to New York. Perhaps it was the prospect of a few years, but it seemed that this film captured the essence of the city and its inhabitants better than anything else I have ever seen (still). It focuses on one particular community - the Chinese - but that's fine, because so much of the soul of the city breaks through the setting, faces, and perhaps even over all the voices of the characters. <br /> <br /> It's not San Francisco tourists. The settings are humble and everyday: taxi taxi, Chinese restaurant kitchens, Richmond row houses, small chinese dwellings and small business offices, pillars, Philippine older center. That's what the city looks like and feels like everyday people who live there - even now, at the time of Silicon Gulch city rebuilding. Unlike, say, Dirty Harry (in his own way an excellent film in San Francisco), everything is shot at street level: We understand the attitudes of attitudes from the point of view of their surroundings, not from some fantastic dizzying Shooting. <br /> <br /> Wang was probably shot in a black and white B & W because he had no money to do it, but one of the strongest visual elements of the film is the natural light he gets. The often harsh and ubiquitous quality of sunlight is one of my closest relationships with San Francisco: It seems to expose everything, bring buildings, hills and other landmarks in a scale and fun way so that people on the streets look more individual and potentially closer to you than they could elsewhere. Wang's photo perfectly enhances and even helps the story in points. Wang captures the speech and conversational style of Chinese and other saints of Franciscans better than anyone else, I think. If there is something like a real San Francisco "accent", that's what you hear from a wicked taxi broker medallion (I think) who appears talking on the phone in one scene (listen to the way a man calls at the other end "ya dingaling!" ). The story is dizzying and, despite some very little mistakes, it makes its points beautiful by the desires that drag the hearts of people living in old immigrant communities - including legitimate political and ethnic displeasure and little ironic entertainment to help them. All this is gently communicated - perhaps why some respondents here consider film as a meander. It's not - it's enough to say that the effort of two drivers for Chan becomes a quest for something more personal. Chan Missing ends with the Chinese way, which is supported by the Goofy novel from the 1930s (about) about San Francisco and all its crazy varieties. American cartoon, yes, but not quite out of the mark.
