Hayden Christianson and Jessica Alba, two of my favorite actors of this century, have joined together in what is perhaps the most flattering attempt to remake an already terrible Butterfly Effect. The awakening is so boring and so uninteresting that you would sleep better. Terrance Howard, who is still recovering from the devil's Augustus Rush, is trying to make a decent fight for a physician who seems to be a hell in favor of killing Christianson and looking at his performance I would like to help. Alba is still recovering after the Fantastic Four Rise of the Silver Surfer. It is naturally disastrous and as inconsistent as it has always been. It was only once that she was great in being safe from Robert Rodriguez's hands at Sin City. Perhaps it might be that Jessica's albums are not as proud of an actress as most of hers think, and maybe her acting skills are related to a bad screenplay. If so, then it would explain the awakening. What about a scenario that would defy Plan 9 from space. Jessica Alba, Hayden Christenson, and Terrence Howard perform for the first time in director / writer Joby Harold a nervous psychological thriller about a man who is experiencing a terrible, common-world surgical phenomenon known as "Aesthetic Awareness," in which those on the operating table remain sharply aware of what is happening around them, despite the fact that they remain completely paralyzed and unable to call for help. When a successful young young man (Christenson) goes under the knife and realizes that anesthesia has not reached his job, horror is quickly becoming as his troubled woman (Alba) is waiting anxiously and a dreadful drama unfolds in the operating theater. <br /> <br /> I hope I make the final target for the aircraft for the aircraft, this first effort by director Joby Harold turns to bloody glaze. The sequence of preliminary credits tells us that one in 700 people suffer from a phenomenon known as "anesthetic consciousness" where the patient remains conscious but paralyzed during surgery. One such unfortunate person is Clayton Beresford Jr (Hayden Christensen) who finds himself in a broad state during heart transplant ... and can feel every single cut. Intermittently inventive as he searches off at his tortured psyche, Awake does not make real terror into his novel. Spiraling from cold simplicity to absurd plot, it is hampered by sharp turns from Christensen and Jessica Alba. Would you like to watch a sedative before? <br /> <br /> VERDICT: Awakening is, at best, incredibly simple. Drawing no dune film, which undoubtedly looked better on paper. Like a movie, though its terribly generic and extremely inferior. Awake does not incite terror into his novel. The end result is really quite miserable. Albums and Christians are the least of your worries, because the main mistake of the film is the inability to scare your audience. Awake is the movie you most likely sleep with.
