What an unfortunate mess is "Shiner". I wanted to like these surprising antifilm aspirants, and in fact, I found several moments with resounding resonance. These moments are sad little and far. While I appreciate some of what Calson is trying to do, any benefit he desires for bare bones, no budget cinematography has been destroyed by some really harsh editing from which the film has failed at all. <br /> <br /> The budget (and big budget) cinema, Shiner has some remarkably poor performances that are almost painful to watch. Especially the "direct" pair of Linda and Young Guy. These are the two most badly written characters that almost do not offer the story. The game is so horrifying, and none of the actors seem to be able to withstand stinging or cracked action when the lines with a terrible lack of skills are clearly lost. The awesome editing almost gives the impression that these roles were completely impeccable and dropped to prevent movies being stereotypically cast as a special gay movie. It would be better anyway. What's wrong with all this is that there are some performances that seem to capture what Calson had hoped for. In particular, the story focused on Bob and Tim. These are the two most dramatic characters and offer the most rewards with really glamorous performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a boxer with serious problems. The remarkably low self-esteem is masked by almost caricature as the arrogance she wields as armor. Casting with Tim, seemingly harmless, but ultimately scary Bob, he is stunning to the boxer's classic cat and mouse. When the tables are turned and the hunter becomes hunted, the result is only the true emotional catharsis of the film. In the film, which is so hard (that is, a compliment), one character MUST have this breakthrough breakthrough (or a breakdown as the case proves), and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim gives Zelinas and the King the opportunity to show some real actor chops. <br /> <br /> Like Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony and Danny seem to concentrate on the film and despite their own moments (including one really disturbing scene that reveals the obsession with gender / violence), but it does not seem, that they would leak out a drawing similar to cartoons, and it's hard to look at them - or for their seeming note of the symphony and find something other than obvious. Finally, it is the same raw material that could (and should) be used to better tell this story. Unfortunately, there's really not much to do with this, the performance of Mr. King and Zelinas really offers something special and a look at what could be and ultimately worth seeing.
