Shiner, directed by Christian Calson, focuses on three "couples" and their relationships with obsession and violence. Pretty good start when it comes to me. Interesting. Couples fall apart on a heterosexual couple, two heterosexual friends and a straight kid who is "harmlessly" persecuted by the homosexual. <br /> <br /> "Het" really does not really have the role of a movie. There are some scenes that show how they want to be aggressive when sexing or playing with each other, but they seem to have no real purpose because they are so marginalized. My assumption is that they represent an everyday illustration of how sex / violence is integrated into the life of a couple. The couple is not too aggressive and is not even shot in any way with eroticism. As characters do not add too much to a topic or conspiracy. Two male friends make up the main part of the plot. They engage in some gay bashing by persuading a homosexual man to have sex with them in the aisle. It evolves into violence. And violence is changing. It becomes a means of sexual satisfaction. And their need for violence is increasing as the film progresses. The main problem I have was that violence is not convincing. It never seems that some of the characters are in real danger. It simply does not work. Since the film's whole theme is about relationships between characters and violence, it's a big problem. Unfortunately, even makeup does not help. Sometimes it's okay, sometimes it's very bad. In one scene, I really wondered why one of the characters stood on his face. The more interesting pair of characters is the "Stalker Couple". Here, Calson appears to have more information and was able to develop a more coherent storyline. Maybe it's because the characters look like they are developing more and they have solutions at the end. Shiner can be much better if he gets stuck with these two. <br /> <br /> I appreciate that Calson wanted to do a lot with this movie. It's admirable. Most low-budget films do not do much. I do not think Calson did what he wanted. I have not found anything particularly controversial or disturbing. Shiner was not convincing. That does not mean that the director can not do anything about his next film. He seems to have something to say.
