-SPOILES - A South Border Adventure Movie Lame, which has something to do with the blackout of a great associate of the Rosenl president of Unasco Inc. at Lake David Ziegler, who lives on Reilly Beach or Ziegler House in Cancun, Mexico. With this CD, which he gave to his brother James, he has three years of telephone conversations between Rosenl and the President of the United States involved in the criminal business. This CD gave David an edge over the international stars who are after him. <br /> <br /> The fact that James got a little greedy by trying to break Rosenlski into 2 million diamonds not only cost him his life, but David is also threatening to lose his. Ropsenlski wants to negotiate with David on the CD when his ex-wife Liz gets to talk to him about giving up, and Rosnelski has made a deal to repay his debt if he goes through. David is later killed by a Rosenliskin Mexican hit by Tony, with the help of a large white shark who simply does not go for all these peace talks on his boss. <br /> <br /> Tony took the CD that Liz left for his boss in the local hotel vault and now they want to kill James as David did and keep the CD to have something over Rosenlski. David, who secretly hid the diamonds James had at the time of his murder, is now the target of Tony and his men to stop him forever. David also wants to take diamonds and give his bosses Rosenlski the impression that David's CD is lost, but later uses it without Rosenlski knowing who is behind him to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The film Night Sharks has a series of shark attacks with this huge single-eyed white shark, which eventually selects about half a dozen members including Tony. David, who firmly believes in weapons control, uses high-explosive knives and Molotov cocktails as well as fists to pull out Tony's entire crew. Even the shark killer is finished by Tony, but with a hunting knife, not a gun. When she came to use firearms to save her friend and helper Pac, girlfriend Juanita and his priest, Mattia's father, lives from Tony and his gangs were not David and none; it was rather a knife and a spear, then something else. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie was about as predictable as you can do with David who thought he was killed by a shark that later emerged from the crowd after Rosenlski was convinced he was dead and left the village . David continues in his life as a wild and loving beachcomber without wanting to kill him and two million dollars richer. on David's merit he had his friend Paco give Rosenski his CD, but on the condition that if something happened to his cousin, who Rosenlski does not know who and where he is, he will shoot his big mouth away and let the whole world know about his dirty and criminal behavior.
