So is it really coming? Are we as consensual adults blaming the fact that the next generation of filmmakers does not have enough understanding of the film and celluloid capability? As for Wayans and Co. The last increment of the moving picture scenario; The little man. This United Kingdom P.G. (Parental Orientation) must be accompanied by a responsible adult film with a certificate that embodies what has now evolved into a worse case of exhaustion because the cigarettes have been "destroyed" from the film icons of the 1950s. Predominantly under the twelve audiences who were sitting here, some without advanced supervision, obediently, everyone enjoyed them and paid no attention to their subject and partly grown features that Little Man portrays, at least in part. Films can generally be better than this bad attempt, while these nonsense get inside, while they are still young and fresh, the greatest fear of the future of cinematography is that child ignorance can simply continue to adult well-being. The cinema deserves more than that, and as well as its ever-growing and in the true sense of the audience, this careless cash cow feeds on the ubiquitous mind of the young. <br /> <br /> There is no movie experience here, no open eyes of wonder, no awe-inspiring respect for the magic of movies'. There is nothing but confusion and contempt because of the lack of mass, the originality and its delivery of the less boring mind and the parody of everything that is now wrong with the Hollywood machine, because of the fast dollar, we must stand our future viewers in cinematography like this archetypal catastrophic film. Will it be like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner in their graves? Money that they all liked, but talent and enthusiasm for excellence and quality, and to a great extent respecting their vocations and audiences, were never inadequate. We again see the Wayans clan's other clichés of bad taste, while the White Cubs (2004) are undoubtedly a sting in the bourgeoisie of the American society. The irony is that the two leading players who once played the Wayans Brothers are so secret that no recognition exists, it also makes a better film, and that's the Terry Crews actor who gives White Chicks his substance and personality, not Wayans. <br /> <br /> Once again, with their pastise 1970 Blaxploitation films, as well as the 1988 movie I Gonna Git You Sucka, it can be seen as a comic and entertaining heavyweight film such as Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and gorgeous actress Ja'net Du Bois. The fact that the little person has absolutely no personality of any kind is shallow and narcissistic, without any appreciation or value to his followers, swiftly immerses himself in his money and, before we know, hides the teeth of commercialism. There is no recognizable effort as to where our money was spent after Scary Movie (2000), things could only have been picked up, but unfortunately they did not do it, no great consideration of artistic value, and I do not doubt that the installment of these clumsy moguls 'Other movies will be directly on the video, you can only hope. Wayans seems to have created the film genre all by itself, to a certain extent; they lost the film parody to death, stroking every journey and every journey and its inevitable style. They have slowly destroyed the reputation of the last hundred years they have given us to cinematography, because the ghosts of the past are still humble in their judgment because their growing audience seems to be, because when the bubble bursts, they can be equally understandable.
