America. A country of freedom, hope and dreams. This is a nation that, from its independence, has sought to promote democracy, prosperity and peace throughout the world, for the good of all mankind. There are times when one can not help, but I wish the Americans stay on their side of the Atlantic. <br /> <br /> This movie (and I use this word with some reservations) evokes these feelings with intense purity. This vision of hell follows the adventures of Calvin, the evil jewelery thief, who was created by putting Marlon Wayan's cut head on the body of a two-legged dwarf. After the inadvertent dropping of a big diamond into a Vanessa purse, a career woman who is reluctant to have children, Calvin realizes that in order to recover a diamond she must face her. Just like any normal person, Calvin dresses like a 2 year old and is parked on the threshold of a poor woman where Darryl, the adorable Vanessa, finds him. Darryl disagrees with Calvin's disguise, despite the fact that the "baby" has a full set of teeth, stubble, tattoo, scar-scar, and 16-year-old sex drive. Even more absurdly, Vanessa does not even see Calvin's baby clothes and really tries to kidnap a lewd defector. This miserable attack on the soul of mankind is attempting and failing to find a sense of rape, scatology, sexual assault, and pedophilia, but in a dishonest attempt to change into a piece of "family fun" a bad amount of sentiment and faulty morality. <br /> <br /> The courageous brothers are trying to freude the rehabilitation of their thugs by revealing that they have a "bad father". She repeatedly hits Darryl in her crotch and allows Calvin to develop the love affair between father and son, which he and Darryl always wanted. As if it was not absurd enough, Calvin's attempts at sexual assault on Vanessa surely convince her that it is selfish for a woman to pursue a successful career and that she should spend her life instead playing a housewife who spends her time or alternatively squeeze the children and cook for your husband. <br /> <br /> In this film Wayan poets mixed up their fragile and twisted form of humor along with the sentimentality clichés that infected much of Hollywood's recent work. In addition, there are the endemics of the current generation of black comedians who are responsible for transforming African-American humor into the poor and poor shadow of herself, which is over-accompanied in quarrels and rough sex gags. By right, these two should be legally excluded from taking anything, even remotely resembling a camera. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the current artistic and moral bankruptcy of American cinematography means that two sequels will undoubtedly be filmed next month and make millions of dollars from unobtrusive merchandising shops.
