[THAT CONTAINS SPOILERS !!!] Timon and Pumbaa watch The Lion King. Timon decides to return before the start, until the story really begins. So he'll come back. Way back. Back before Simba was born. Return to Timon's old house, which was far from the sea. The Meerkat clan was buried underground to hide from hyenas. The worst kick in the clan was the pompous, egotised Meerkat named by Timon. His mother liked him, but Uncle Max shook his head. The mother proposed that Timon be sent; Timon had some dreams in a bigger and better place. It was then that the hyenas arrived Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed and almost killed poor Uncle Max. He did it. The other mekers only wanted Timon to leave as Timon took to leave. So he kissed his mother goodbye and started. He did not get too far to get home. He just met Rafiki, who taught him to look for what he saw. Timon had no idea what it meant, and so she continued to meet the warty name Pumbaa, who was alone due to gas problems. Timon and Pumbaa then joined together, but Timon said he was known as a friend, rather than friends. Soon they will arrive at Pride Rock, where all the zebras, antelope, wilderness, rhinoceros, giraffes, elephants and many other common animals have gathered. What was happening? Timon did not care. They pressed. Timon then saw Rafik on the top of the Rock, which got into the air that he had not seen. Then all the animals made a bow. Was it in honor of the birth of a new king? No, Pumbaa passed through the gas and the animals bowed to cover their nose. Timon and Pumbaa will try the assortment of new homes, but each one is uncomfortable because of constant singing or hyenas or a big stampede of wilderness! Pumbaa and Timon suddenly came down the stream. When he arrives in the country, Timon decides to give up. But then they look at their newly found paradise. It was wonderful: the trees and the water fall to your eyes. Timon named the place after the strange sentence he had learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumbaa set out for bowling once a afternoon when they suddenly get to Simby. They take him under their wing and become father's figures. They will teach him artistic competitions for catching and fighting. Pretty soon, Teen Simba takes over Timon in a snail competition. Simba has won, and Timon died of a fatal illness. One day Simba came to baby girlfriend Nala. Timon and Pumbaa only knew they would share friendship. Suddenly Simba escapes. Nala and Pumbaa race after him, but not Timon. He decided to stay at the "Hakuna Matata" himself until Rafiki "had said" any sense, and so he joined his friends at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrive. While Simba fights Scar, mother and Max kick a big hole to capture the hyenas of Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed. The scar will soon be thrown over the same hole where the hyenas will absorb it. Then everything is fine. Mother, Uncle Max and the rest of the Meerkats live with Timon and Pumbaa in paradise, which is Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumbaa finish the movie when suddenly Mother, Uncle Max, Simba and Rafiki want to watch again. As well as Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, Seven Dwarves, Dumbo, Peter Pan, Lost Boys, Mad Hatter, March Hare, Genie, Aladdin and Jasmine. must say that the Lion King 1 1/2 was not as good as I had hoped. It was too ridiculous and stupid. The original lion king was a masterpiece. She had a serious story with a light comedy that had slipped. This was just stupid and ridiculed. I swear that sometimes Timon and Pumbaa are too exaggerated. They are overestimated, except that they are no longer funny, just annoying. The original voice cast is back: Nathan Lane like Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. The novelty is Julie Kavner from The Simpsons series as Timon's mom and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So this is not the movie The Lion King III, and it's not II because it's already II. It will take place immediately after Sections I and II. That's why it's 1 1/2. Finally, I do not recommend that the Lion King fans die hard, because it's too ridiculous and frivolous. Children will love it, so I recommend it. I hope this will also be LAST LION King. Two are enough. "The Lion King 1 1/2". What we expected from the creators of the Disney sequel. <br /> <br /> -
