The director and his crew will head to the isolated Beal House to create a low-budget horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that occurred there in the last century. Even with the manager's attention, the director does not pay attention to the allegedly cursed house. One of the crew will find a book called the Tibetan Book of the Dead, and will use some passages from her for her screenplay. But when the red rises the ghoul from the grave. The boring, confusing and sticky everything slipped into one, equal to this financial singing horror. What feels like eternity, it seems that it never seems to be quite effective from some rather decent ideas. Even the fact that director Paul Harrison is clumsily and hopelessly built a few secrets, moody and atmospheric sets. But laziness gave it up soon. The whole film in the film structure takes over most of the film and nothing is of great interest at this time. It's not fun. Think about "The Children Should Not Play With Dead Things (1972)" by Bob Clark and now we have older actors here. However, I found the "seven dead" who are inferior. The script prematurely has some creepy fun before finally becoming motionless, predictable and abandoned with many unfulfilled options. The cheap base with limited sets did not help even matters, but the mysterious, dark look of the lock had spooky air for him. The performances from the recognizable b-cast are mostly rigid. John Carradine is mostly hidden in small parts. John Ireland plays the director with the hothead, the exhausted actress Faith Domerga needs attention, and Charles Macaulay can handle it. The slow ground assumption is crossed out between the "ten small Indians" and your usual zombie setting. However, it is not all that impresses, even with the occult and supernatural edges. The hell even throws a cemetery without winning. When a rotting ghoul comes out? finally, but a bit late. It will get a little better if it's very confused. Just like the inspired opening, the end is deliciously small. To a large extent it is constantly stretching. Continuity in many scenarios goes through nonexistent, and death scenes are far more exciting and bloody (but really badly done) in the movie they are doing, and what happens when the zombies appear. The general musical score is shattered with its glittering but honest Gothic cues, and working with the camera is unmistakably represented with a lack of imagination. Shoot and frame. Shoot and frame. Done. This is the packaging.
