This is the type of movie where she really hurts when she recognizes she's really upset. Normally, I sanctify such things! Early 1970s grindhouse flicks with exclusive sounding titles and schlocky low-budget atmosphere usually ROCK. "The House of the Seven Corpses" seemed to have even more trumps because acting is a gathering of great genre veterans (including John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue), and film sites (titular house, cemetery) are of course very suitable for the grim story of terror. The film opens with its absolutely the largest and most remarkably memorable sequences, though they are sad to be the only ones who qualify as such. Loans are a wonderful fit, complemented by strange color effects and mysterious frosty frames that illustrate how the title house gained its famous reputation. The last seven owners were mysteriously murdered and the initial mounts gladly exhibit their last moments. Someone falls through the balcony, screaming, the lady drowns in the car and another woman's body hangs hanging from the ceiling and four more macaroni boards. Needless to say that the house is cursed and unpleasant behavior by Mr. Price (Carradine) may only reinforce this reputation. In other words, the house is the ideal lawn for the acclaimed director, Eric Hartman (John Ireland), who shot his project of Satanic Horror. The structure of the movie inside the movie is what makes it the most important thing that the "house of the seven churches" is so dull and insignificant. Lots of film material is unnecessary for crew members who put film coils in the camera and pull around cables or ?? even worse ?? Faith Domergue, and Charles Macaulay, which are terribly unbearable acting stereotypes. The conspiracy is a bit interesting (little, you think) when one of the characters reads some lines from the occult book and accidentally wakes the rotting body in the backyard. The asthmatic (judging by the noise that produces) the zombie slowly leads to the house and kills the entire movie crew, reminding them of how the previous seven turned into corpses. After about 60 minutes, the film suddenly changes from humor to simply strange and confusing. I'm still sure that the final conclusion is about the reincarnation concept or just by chance, and that all the remaining characters suddenly undergo immense mental changes shortly before they die for some reason. I sincerely regret that the confirmation of "The House of the Seven Dead" is quite a terrible movie. Location and scenery are gentle cooling, but almost do not take full effect, and there is a serious lack of spooky bloodshed. Numerous 70 gemstones with a low budget have been tremendously brutal, so lack of money is not justification, and movie murders are not really counted. Even always reliable veteran stars deliver hammocks, and Harrison's direction is totally non-inspired. It is not recommended if you do not think that the zero cold installation in the four and a half minutes that plays the initial credit assembly is worth the purchase of a copy.
