After reading the previous comments, I'm glad I was not the only person confused, especially the last 20 minutes. John Carradine is twice taken to the grave and behind it closes the lid. I waited anxiously for some explanation of this strange behavior ... naturally, I assumed it had something to do with the bad departures in the house, but because it was killed by the first corpse (Zombie # 1), these scenes made no sense. Please, if anyone knows out there why Carradine is constantly climbing in the graves - leave us alone! <br /> <br /> The whole action is limited to the last 20 minutes so I will try to summarize. John Carradine went out to the cemetery to investigate and was thwarted by Zombie # 1. So far, everything is good. But then we get into a confusing scene where John Ireland and Jerry Strickler, out behind the little moonlight shooting in the cemetery, will find Carradine's body dead. Strickler has repeatedly tried to push Ireland into an open grave where Zombie No. 1 appeared, but Ireland managed to move him instead to the open grave and PRESTO! Strickler comes out as Zombie # 2! Yeah, I think we can deduce that Strickler was dead all the time (witch?) But why he changed from the normal look to the version of the rotting body by flying to the grave of Zombie # 1 is never explained. (As these zombies are relatively slow, I thought they would prefer to stay in their "normal" form until their business is over). This scene also brings a question to the mind - just who the hell is Zombie # 1 ??? We can only assume that Zombie # 1 is one of the original victims of the murders that appeared during the introductory films, but who knows which one and why he has a special hatred against the film crew. Ireland sees this transformation and escapes, we see exactly the same explosion of zombie No. 2 that runs through the trees as we have seen at Zombie # 1 (This leads to instant confusion over how many zombies there really exist). Then in Ireland's best horror film in 1950, Ireland will be on the road. He knocks comfortably on the small tombstone of dead cat Faith Domergue (was not it so nice that John Carradine made a tombstone for a cat he hardly knew?) Meanwhile, Zombie # 1 has destroyed a house in the house. It simply sends three members of the film crew and then runs the stairs. Faith Domergue hears it and thinks he's a lover of John Ireland back from his night shooting, and he's going out. When he sees it as Zombie # 1, he sends out a scream and retreats to the bedroom where he gets an Irish revolver. While star Carole Wells is showering and can not hear a scream, her star, Charles Macauley, (who swings and covers her in the mirror in her bedroom) is doing it. When he takes his sweet time (and then after some other swing from his hip) he finally decides to investigate. (One thing that the viewer will experience during the last quarter of this movie is how the SLOW TO REACT stars hear shouts and shots). Domergue returns to the hallway armed and ready, but Macauley is missing for Zombie # 1 and shoots him six times! He makes a nice acrobatic flip over the railing, then the frightened Domergue backs up directly to the waiting Zombie # 1 arm. Carole Wells is already out of her shower and wakes up when she hear the shots and Domerg's cries; she does not feel much urgency to avoid investigating. So during this time, Zombie # 1 has time to chase Domergue out of his neck with a rope. Wells sees Domerg's hanging corpse and disappears. The next time we see it, it's in the brook outside the house (???) - but later on. Meanwhile, Ireland has restored its senses and hit a house where it has discovered the bloody Zombie # 1 massacre. Although Ireland has just hit three murdered people, it is more concerned that its film has been exposed and destroyed! Mercifully for him (and the audience), Zombie # 1 throws his head off the second floor film equipment. This is the last zombie # 1. At this point, the audience is treated with all the deaths, indicating that the new "mirrors" the old. How Deep. <br /> <br /> In the meantime, Zombie # 2 has come close to the house (remember that these zombies are moving slowly like molasses in January), where they can see how Carole Wells moves in the stream and fish out there. How did she get there? Zombie # 1 brought her down, threw her in, and then came upstairs, just in time to crush John Ireland? Apparently one of the original victims was drowned in the bathtub, so Wells must also drown (but why not out in the stream, the place in the bathtub, is never explained). Zombie # 2 never gets into the house alone (everyone is now dead, in any case thanks to Zombie # 1), but instead takes Carol Wells back to the cemetery. When the final credits appear on the screen, we see Zombie # 2 with his dead love still in his arms, descending into the open grave. The spectator lets think: Yes, but was not this zombie # 1 a grave? Why does Zombie # 2 decide to live? And what if Zombie # 1 came and wants to go back - it's Zombie # 2 and it leaves him or does the zombie fight? Will the Zombies share both the tomb and the newly deceased Carole Wells? And now, dead John Carradine - where will he stay? After all, we know from the earlier scenes that he's obviously home in the grave ... If this final synopsis left a mess, do not worry, because you're not alone.
