I have three comments on this movie, which I found to be in the Blind Lane in Blockbuster. First of all, it is interesting to see the approaches that filmmakers are trying to make for essentially unfiltered works. Some have, as Kubrick did with "Lolita", got the original author to write a script that is something like the original work. Of course, it can not happen; Kraft-Ebing is long dead. Some used the spaces of the original work as a starting point to a completely new, unrelated direction (here is the recent adaptation of "Tristram Shandy"). You can do it stupid - "Slaughterhouse Five" is my example. Or, you can simply take the original format and try to render it in film vignettes. That would be Woody Allen's "All You Wanted to Know About Sex" approach, and probably this movie. After consideration, it is probably the only thing that can be done with a scientific piece such as Psychopathia Sexualis. The potential loss lies in the fact that any cumulative point of the original work is hidden or destroyed. So it's here. <br /> <br /> Point two is a movie style. Some would call it "honor" Murnau, Pabst, Carl Dreyer, etc., But I think it's grossier. Her too heavy and confident to be effective for a long time. It is ultimately just annoying. Point three is perhaps less intellectual observation. How did people who are responsible for doing this film about wild sex deviations and perversions that are so incredibly boring? I did not find a movie that would not pay attention and anyone who is not automatically alerted to the depiction of sexual deviance will find it too. I do not want to be completely unsatisfactory and say that the film is useless, but I must say that any point the filmmakers have had is somewhat obscured by the nature of the source material, clear copying of film styles, and a strong refusal to engage the audience emotionally (perhaps for fear will be accused of blurring). The movie is a dubious exercise from the beginning and it really does not work for me, I'm sorry to say.
