Wow, it's very unusual in one respect: usually the first movie in the long string continuation is the best of the volume. People are surprised when the sequel is really better. With Tarzan, I thought this movie was the worst of the band, or at least the first six, which included the Tarzan Collection DVD. I will like to follow the sequel several times, but I'm over this step, thanks to several characters. Well, let's start with the good news first: <br /> <br /> THE GOOD - Lots of action with a lot of wild animals on the display, even if they're just series shots. You see attacks of lions, crocodiles, hippos, panthers, you name it and you see several different tribes of all kinds, including pygmies (in a movie called "dwarves"). Since this film was shot almost 75 years ago, I can not touch any realism because they did not have in movies that long ago. They're doing the best they can to talk to the actors against a fake background. But Weissmuller did a lot of action scenes and was in great shape. He and O'Sullivan make a well-built nice couple if they were in the golden years of cinema. The film has historical value (with so many sequels) because it shows how Tarzan gained Jane and his beginnings of learning English. BAD - Since Jane Parker has been taken over by Tarzan, almost every scene with her is Maureen O'Sullivan in hysteria, screaming and screaming after the scene. Just give you headache and destroy the movie. Fortunately, she calmed down in the sequel, but not in this movie. The film also does not support the image of "Big White Hunter" like C. Aubrey Smith, playing Jane's father and Neil Hamilton, as "Harry Holt," a safari guide, shooting every animal to sight, whether or not the animals are threatening. These people are happy, especially Smith. According to another note, it is bad that there is nothing in explaining how Tarzan first came into the jungle. There is no history or record of its growth. It's only when Jane and the band get to a certain place in Africa.
