Dreamgirls, in spite of its fistful Tony wins in an incredibly short year on Broadway, has never been what would be called a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. However, it does not mean that in real cinematic hands it could not be exhausted and polished into something that would cost on the screen. Unfortunately, what it transmits to the screen is essentially a slavishly faithful version of the scenic interference with all its inherent weaknesses. First, the score was never one of the strong points of this production, and the film did not change that factor. There are plenty of songs (perhaps too many?), But few of them are particularly memorable. The closest thing to catchy melodies is the title song and One Night Only - a lot of acclaimed And I'm telling you I'm not going Going is a lesser great song than the drama ensemble for the character Effie (Jennifer Hudson). The film is smooth and technically well-produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lack any resonance effect. In the opening moments, there is some interest in seeing Jamie Foxx, who resembles Svengali, manipulating his acts up to the top, but in the second part of the film he becomes the back seat when the story attempts to guess as a villain his truth from business Positions for a good majority of the movie. Beyonce Knowles is beautiful and sings her songs perfectly well but comes with a character that is basically the whole surface of the shine. Anika Noni Rose as the third member of the Dreamgirls trio has nothing to do with the whole movie. Eddie Murphy frees himself well as a singer apparently based on James Brown, but the role is not particularly massive and ultimately has little influence. Foxx looks like an ideal casting, but it seems strangely downloaded and boring. The biggest selling point of the movie is certainly the former American Idol winner / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the central role of Effie White, a temperamental singer who has fought the group and returns a triumphant final act. For me, Effie has always been a big problem in the show and the movie. The movie obviously wants you to like her and rather she succeeds, but I was never sure that this character deserves such devotion. From the beginning, Effie usually behaves like an unpleasant, egoistic and self-evident diva who is more interested in what everyone else can do to her than to have a great interest in the group she's part of. When the band is eliminated for their unprofessional and bad attitude, the accusations are more than reasonable, but it seems that the scene / film supposes that Effie should be unrestrictedly released simply because she has a great voice. Although the film is trying to relieve some of the harder edges of Effie to make it smoother, the charge still stands. Her story becomes much more manipulative by suggesting she should have more sympathy because she is the mother who is trying to resurrect her daughter - with the fact that motherhood (like a talent card) instantly casts doubt on any behavior. The only big effort the film brings to Effie's motherhood show is that she tells us about it and then we include the scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl does not have a "father" and then refuses to look for employment is encouraging, because singing is all she knows. In the hands of an experienced actress, gaps might have been removed by technique and charisma. Unfortunately, Hudson is not an actress. She sings well, but dialogue moments do not come naturally to her, nor will they make high emotional moments. Effie's signature moment (the above-mentioned AI Am Telling You ... number) is sung by Hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. Effie is supposed to express her fury and despair in her troubles, but Hudson sets out as a cabaret artist who claims to be a hot figure. Overall, not quite the emotional warning we expect. The second part of the film is an essentially predictable melange of events that maneuver Foxx into the older position of Hudson and allow her to come back and control over everyone. Foxx's crimes in the film are undoubtedly parallel to many warring record producers, but apparently the film comes because he helped in the disco is quite absurd, not to mention the pretense and the beatification, especially from the film with the depth of the puddle. The end result is a faithful rendition of scenic intervention, exhausted emotions, energy, or something that can be described as dynamic.
