Before I start, I want to say briefly that this film is very well handled and it works well with all those involved, including Whittaker, who really deserves his nomination. It's very fun and. . in the right context as FICTION, it's a very good movie. For that I give two stars. However, rather than waste time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, I want to point out instead the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a fictitious work as if it were true. I emphasize that this film does not tell us anywhere in the credits that the main character, Dr. Nicholas Garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. Rather, it represents this character in a real historical environment and allows an uninformed viewer to assume that it is actually real and what it sees is true. I have no problem with mixed facts and fiction - but doing so in such a dishonest thing is in my words a conviction. There is no doubt that Africa, along with most of the Third World of the Earth, is full of human misery and suffering. Hollywood has long tried to capture the suffering of people in these countries in the movie. But Hollywood also has an eye for making money. The only real way to capture the suffering that seems to be happening everywhere but in the West is either to experience it for yourself or at least to capture it in an honorable documentary. But these images of fictitious characters in a real historical environment can do so much. At the end of the day, less is the way the viewer tells the facts to decide for themselves, and more about how they bring you from the image to the picture and that will overwhelm your head: "You see, we said you were evil! " A key example of this can be found by anyone who is willing to watch a documentary on a DVD after sitting in the movie. Probably the most shocking picture of the film is a look at the body of Kay Amin, the second wife of Idi, whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity. In the movie we see that her limbs were separated and attached back (leg hands and vice versa). This is a director who assures you that you understand that Amin is, as the Gungans call it, Bom-bad! But when we look at the document, we learn that this is in fact nothing but a myth that the minister of health at the time he tells us is not true. So. . . co. . . they just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a poor idea of ​​our intelligence, that's why! We do not believe that we will come to the right conclusion. See that she was murdered and divided is in itself enough to conclude that Amin is not a nice guy he portrayed in the media - we do not need this inspired images of Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE to reinforce it! And that's just the tip of the iceberg. What is not explained to the occasional viewer is that Garrigan himself is fictional. No young Scottish doctor was behind Ammin's wings. As such, Garrigan is clearly present only because he helps the fools who understand the African world. It seems that the producers will not be interested in the film about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (The irony is that even the titular character is portrayed by an American black actor!) The problem is that the film is no longer a revelation of Amin and its regime, but rather a exploitative thriller of white western advent to Africa for all the wrong reasons, then "redeem" himself, at the cost of another three innocent lives. Frankly, I must say that it is almost convincing that Mrs. Amin's real tragic death was the result of an attempt by a fictitious Scottish doctor-almost seems to be a morbid joke in the interest of entertainment! I'd really like Hollywood to stop suffering for our money. For the first time, I realized my propensity to do this with the pitifully manipulative, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman, the sweet adaptation of John Nash's life, which launched the darker side of a man to introduce only a tortured hero, enough to get enough. The sad truth is that Hollywood has been selling us for years, and viewers who are predictably and comprehensibly too lazy or hostile to investigate for themselves have bought these false portraits by hook, line, and tarpaulin. <br /> <br /> Look, I'm definitely not suggesting that Amin has turned into a villain that he was not. My point is that if the truth is so shocking that she has persuaded us about the brutality of this man, why does Hollywood have such a fictional length? Why should Hollywood continue to offend us by keeping our films? Why can not they believe we think for ourselves! Can not we just give honest portraits on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I appeal to all those who continue to pursue Hollywood's allegedly "true" films to make a favor ALWAYS investigate for themselves and NEVER suppose that what is on the screen is even close to the truth!
