Forest Whitaker's performance is all the more impressive that it's almost useful when I'm sitting in this roadblock. "Historical fiction" does not justify a change in history. Absurdity starts from basics with an imaginary leading figure played by James McAvoy. Creating a fictional observer to provide a reader with a book is regrettable, it is regrettable that white people can not just read the book without joining a white protagonist, but at least being placed in a somewhat passive role. Creating a fake historical actor and attributing this fiction by revealing Amin to the world is irresponsible, lazy and stupid. Failure to act credibly believable or even sensible is just a criminal and has opened a film door like the one who plans with Leonard DiCapri as the heroic informant of Enron, who NEVER EXPOSED. The logic of the world does not apply to this film, where some Scottish boys think it is right to sleep with the wife of a murderous dictator. It does not concern where the dictator's wife longs to sleep with some silly, dirty, irresponsible white boy. For every thing, everyone is used to sleeping with this crude, irresponsible, arrogant white guy, even Gillian Anderson has licked her pretty chops. Let me say I do not like James McAvoy. I'm not sure what it is about him but I thought his Mr. Tumnus in Narnia was scary and intertwined. I think Kerry Washington would never look for him, so I can not believe that the wife of a strong, dangerous man like Amin would risk and lose his life for him. I do not believe him as a doctor, and I just do not see the appeal. His character appears to have much more arrogance than make sense, and tried to look bad when shooting a cow, it was just ... this is the word again ... absurd. Think about looking at all these characters bending to the knots to adapt to this incredible main person and never being such a guy. Gillian Anderson looks incredible and sounds more British than most Britons. Whitaker gives great expansive magnetic performance, and with incomprehensible pre-Oscar speeches, he emphasized how much he acted. It is a shame that the film around him has no reason to exist.
