Well, let me admit again that I have not seen any other Ivory movies (distributor). I have not seen more of the celebrated works of the director, so my ability to discuss beyond the length of the analysis of the film itself is moderated. With this admission, let me start. Before Rainsy is another kind of movie that does not know what genre he wants to be. At first it pretends to be a romance. In most novels, the protagonist falls in love with the supportive character, separates himself from the supportive character and is (sometimes) united with his partner. The movie hero has already won the heart of her lover, but she can not with her. Her name is Henry Moores and her name is Sajani and she lives in southern India during the dying days of Raj (British imperial rule). Henry was a long time from London and he fell in love with his married Indian servant despite his legal marriage and overseas children. What could be better than this? They often go for intimate afternoons until some children notice them. The word spreads over to Sajani's husband, who questions her involvement with Moores. She denies any contact with him, but Moores asks her to leave the area. Sajani refuses because of his devotion and suicides. Please note that these events occur in the first third of the movie. The film changes the tone and becomes a crime drama in the last parts. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body is discovered just as Moores's family comes to visit. The alleged offender is Moores' English assistant T.K. T.K. knows about his master's business, but he is silent until his life becomes threatened. Once declared to be innocent, he tries to regain his honor by killing Moore. T.K. is too nasty and leaves him in an unclean way as the rain rains. I want to warn you, this is not a romantic movie. The DVD envelope and the theatrical posters show an Indian woman and Caucasian man who walk in an ideal tropical setting. This image is captured directly from the film opening, but quickly disappears. Then it's over. It looks like an effort to use Western fixation for forbidden love. It is not effective at all. Not only is the film not romantic, but its characters lack any personality. They are bundles of walking clichés. Moores is an arrogant white man who does not recognize his Indian friend, TK's intelligence. T.K. is torn between his own heritage and his educational background. Sajani is a woman incapable of choosing a romantic life. Oh, and of course, Moores's family is curious about Sajani's death, but still slightly racist about the Indians. If the tone was not so serious, I would be willing to overlook these problems, but not. The film is introduced with a didactic tone that emphasizes its poor development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie is not terrible. Another than the ridiculous scenario is not bad. The actors are all experienced and play well. Nandita Das, playing Sajani, was part of the great Indian drama Water. Even director Sivan has an impressive resume. Recently supervised by The Terrorist, part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" collection. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Well, Sivan mentioned how inspired he made this film for a short look in Israel called Red Roofs. The story seems to be "timeless," and Sivan tried to create a similar experience set in the thirties of India. I have no problem with this approach, but I think Sivan may have been too motivated this time. Actors, cinematography, and scenography are acceptable, but if you do not share Sivan's aura, you probably will not like it. My recommendation is to assume that you are not in line with it and look at something else. Final Consensus: * and ½ of *****
