Although actors do a convincing job by playing the losers watching the screen, the fact that these characters can not be identified when I watch my watch just 20 minutes into the movie (and more than once after). The plot's development is discontinuous and slow, verbal diarrhea of ​​a single friend of the main person is practically unbearable, the basic quality of most of the character's actions and the more courageous way they are treated is unpleasant. <br /> <br /> Ventura Pons is typical of releasing harsh psychologically disabled characters. However, this faux sociological analysis is a great step down from CARICIAS or Caresses, where the characters relate and despise each other for good reasons they play during this film. At AMOR IDIOTA, we are forced to watch bouts of truly inferior intelligence when a heavily depressed and detached woman runs away. It's probably because of his own depression, but the script does not support it. Will not I make the rest of the story just in case there are some masochists? Is he healed through his obsession or is a woman shocked by her own depression over his unwavering attention? Even though I was watching the whole thing, I did not care for one of them for a moment. If you can sit with all these prejudices, ignorance, betrayal, BAD dialogue, modest philosophy, etc? the camera was pretty good and it seemed to be inspired by the DOGMA band. It seemed that makeup was also aimed at showing these players in raw and mirrored light, because it is the worst that I saw Cayetan Guillen Cuervo in each of her films (while personally it is really attractive). <br /> <br /> I suppose if it is thought that we should be forced to see the lower strata of society so we can be thankful we are not part, then Pons has achieved his goal. The barrier of almost the same sexual scenes was the proper loss of film (if the actors were filmed, but once in the blue green clothes, the backdrop behind them could be changed in the studio of special effects on the pittance). It is true that I have heard that many male listeners appear in this situation, but an objective survey proves that this is not the real purpose of these scenes. <br /> <br /> Save and watch something else.
