After many days, I first saw her for the first time as one of the worst Laurels and Hardy's. For me it's not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters", but there are some tremendous shortcomings. The film is set to show Laurel and Hardy as the owner and instructor of the dance studio. Hardy is funny when it appears as a "London Bridge", surrounded by 20th-century gems, while in the next room Laurel teaches ballet beginner while wearing a ballerina. The clumsy carpenter spreads the glue to the floor, which leads to a predictable gang where Hardy ends. Then come the blacksmiths who are now selling insurance that covers their protective rocket. One of them is very young and handsome Robert Mitchum. But as soon as the boys madness to buy insurance, they are arrested. This is the end of gangsters and last we see the dance studio. The rest of the film is dedicated to Laurel and Hardy's support for rich patron Trudy Marshall and her inventor Robert Bailey. First, they try to help them hide their relationship from their disagreeable parents (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and hopeful Allan Lane, who can be said to be unneeded pigs. This leads to Briggs' hidden lane being exposed to the Dumont and gag tea camp, where the carpet is literally pulled from a wealthy patriarch who crashes his bed into the pond below. When Bailey uses boys to help them see their razor weapons, the pandemonium continues. The dead butler tells Case and Dumont that their house is in the fire. Later, Hardy wants to use an insurance contract to get the money to pay for her dance studio rental and hopes Laurel will break her leg to do so. There is no reference to the fact that insurers were gangsters and that this policy would probably be invalid. (Even if they became legitimate vendors of insurance, after their arrest their license would be canceled). Laurel ends when he jumps out of a bus that has left the driver over an allegedly frantic dog (with only a frosted cone, a cake that swallows this look alike or probably a real pooch) and causes Oliver to end up on a huge beach roller - as long as the bus stops , perfectly fitting wheels on the track. The gag roll can be exciting, as shown by "Abbott and Costello Go to Hollywood," and this is fun but anti-climatic. As the story of the folds, all these gags seem to have no effect on the impression that they are just a series of single-handed guitars made to create a full-featured feature, perhaps even part of a double account. L & H, as I mentioned in other reviews of their later films, lost most of their shine after leaving Hal Roach's staff, but surprisingly here they do not look as old and tired as they look in movies made in the same year. If gagy was not as fun as it was with some of their other films, it should be "2" in contrast to "3".
