For fans of Laurel and Hardy, for the 1940s and beyond, it was a very sad time for the team. Their contracts with Hal Roach Studios have expired and are now "loose agents" - able to work for any studio that offered them a job. Unfortunately, Fox, RKO, MGM (without Roach), and even a French film company that hired a boy, had absolutely no touch for their comedic talent. In addition, Stan and Ollie were much older and saw that these geriatric men enjoyed pratfalls as sad, not funny. The tent looked very bumpy, and Ollie's weight was balancing to a point where she could hardly walk-and so I felt uncomfortable that I laughed at their very armed anger. In addition to the age, this movie suffers from the fact that Fox Studios is a strange throw in the supporting role and created a parallel plot involving a young couple - something that reduced their time on the screen And turned them into clumsy "curtains on" instead of being alone. Cute and plush Stan and Ollie are very old Laurel and Hardy of the 20's and 30's - and they seemed terribly weird and tossed them wrong. was a decent film if he was given decent writing, and if the studio seemed to be a studio - and obviously they use the "B unit" - with the best support of the second class. In particular, there is very little laughter and the last 10 minutes of the film is just frightening - relying solely on the clumsy back screen of the screen for silly pursuit of the scene - which could just be one of the worst of its kind in film history. <br /> <br /> For lovers of the zombie, Laurel and Hardy, who are lovers, are probably a movie they will love. But for team lovers who are willing to honestly evaluate this film because of their amazing early movies, they just really want to. In fact, of all their feature films before 1940, I can not think of one I liked less than DANCING MASTERS. Unfortunately, from films after the 1940s, it may be just one of their better. It's sad that it was much worse - with poor movies like BIG HUMAN and NEVER, BUT FAIL. I just wish the boys just retired after SAPS AT THE SEA. Finally, I wonder if all the generally positive reviews of IMDb movie can reflect the love of reviewers on the more than it's an indication that it's a good movie? For audiences who CAN NOT LOVE with the team, I DO NOT KNOW WHAT this movie will do anything but do not wear the audience - definitely NEVER convince that Laurel and Hardy are comedic geniuses. But even comedy geniuses need material worth their talent.
