This film uses all artistic clichés (slow pace, long static shots, minimal amount of dialogue) to try to hide the fact that there really is nothing to ask: there is no plot, characters are horrible leaders) or clichés the character of Tersteeghe) and they never talk to each other about anything about their rather insignificant life. The film focuses on a woman who learns about the adultery of her husband. Instead of confronting him, he will take revenge on the revenge, honoring himself. After fighting and reconciliation, her sister - who knew of adultery without telling her - asked her husband to stop cheating. They seem to be reunited as a family. Two other stories - the planned move of an older woman's father with his young wife to Guernsey and the rivalry of a female sister - offer no interesting development. The suicide of a female colleague who appears to have started the film's events is not herself alone. For 2005 - or any other year - it's not enough to make an interesting movie. Besides, the few possibilities of dramatic development that are in the scenario are not used or they are deliberately avoided, as when a woman and her sister mark a particular piece of furniture from her father's house that will be sold due to his planned move. Both sisters want this particular piece, and given their rivalry in the past - much more important than furniture: men - this could theoretically lead to confrontation. Or the matter could be resolved by one sister who is retreating to the other. Either way, it would not be very interesting or original story development, but at least it would be a development. The film clearly sets the scene (with both sisters who look closely at each other during the label, and one sister who mentions that he does not want to draw strawberries), but that disclaims any distinction: the scene ends and how it is rather shocking and materialistic - the problem is resolved, not shown. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue that is in the movie is unbearably flat and lukewarm. For example, when two sisters resolve their rivalry when visiting Guernsey, it is in a three-line dialogue that has a childish "yes it is - it's not, it's not" a ring. Combat and reconciliation scene with two sisters is totally without dialogue - it gives a highly artificial, too stylized and unrealistic impression and greatly reduces its impact. The way a woman finally - finally! - addresses her husbands adultery in a single circle of dialogues, he must believe he believed them - and it is totally unbelievable. It seems that the husband has no obvious reaction, or if he has any, is not shown. A woman does not mention her adultery with her husband. The scene showing the wife, husband and their young son sleeping on the plane the nurse watched is probably seen as a happy end, but the way the characters dealt with the questions of their lives in what preceded them makes it unlikely. <br /> <br /> Because of the slow tempo, the uninteresting story, the sensual direction, and the absurd lack of dialogue, I found this film to be an example of everything that can be wrong with film art and a complete waste of time.
