I do not know what I missed, but I can not believe all the positive comments of so many people in this movie. I thought it was stupid and a little over the top. I liked the performance of Gregg Henry and Michael Rooker, but the others were just ... boring. Now I like B movies, really, but it was a little further down the alphabet for me. I've seen someone who compares humor and horror with "Army of Darkness" and "Shaun of the Dead," as well as "On the same level as The-Animator." You're definitely joking. I did not find this movie funny, tried, tried (maybe too much effort), but in my opinion I did not succeed. At the time I was hit by the third or fourth one-time line, I raised my eyes and checked my watch. There were certainly honors for several other movies that are always cool, such as the joke for us horror fans. But here it could just be a lack of original ideas. Probably there were some nice special effects, good gore, but it can not carry the whole movie. Mutant Grant looked like a cross between Jabba Hut and the early stages of the mutation - Chet of "Weird Science" (after he had turned into a monster) and one of the explorers' extraterrestrial creatures / children. It just did not work. I thought it looked like something that an art class 5 guy could suggest. Then there was Brenda, the woman Grant impregnated and got up in the barn. When she finally came, she looked like a giant key waiting for him to get out. The project was again completely non-imaginative. Round round balloon with face in the center. * yawn * <br /> <br /> Now about zombies - The more movies I see with zombies these days, the more I wish George A. Romero to have a patent on them and was the only writer / director released movies about them. He's the only person who's doing it right now, except for Edgar Wright and Simon Pegg (but it was a comedy). Oh, and Danny Boyle, but they were different Zombie style. Maybe Mr. Romero destroyed a zombie film because of his brilliant ability to make his actor moan, moan and trembling as if their joints were dry and lacked a drop of synovial fluid, and their muscles struggled against the effects of rigor mortis that had begun to set just before before they were animated again. People from "Wheelsy" just did not have the right motivation ... they were terrible zombies. So finally I will have "Slither" 3, for a few laughs and a couple of beautiful gore scenes.
