Slipping is a horror comedy that really does not have enough horror or comedy to qualify as one or the other. It has one scene that is exceptionally good, any number of zingas that work, but very few real fears and a lack of humor to keep the movie. Besides, the screenplay does not care about the hero and the hero, and it breaks down in several places. <br /> <br /> The main drawback of this film is that it introduces itself and leaves its hero (Fillion) to follow Grant Grant (Michael Rooker) when it is introduced for the first time and then becomes a monster. This whole part of the movie stretches - Michael Rooker's character is not so interesting to us, watching as he walks through a series of moves while acting in monstrous interest, it might be interesting if it was Grant - Man portrait Turns on a monster rather than a scary movie comedy. In the final analysis, the problems of this film are in the scenario - it is not as important to the audience as the monster behaves or spreads. The purpose of the horror-comedy is to get the heroes backed up in the corner with shotguns and then toss the bugs on them, cracking them wise every time something horrible or nasty is going on. Instead, we try to explore the habits and tactics of an alien who are attracted to this part of the film. The more prominent heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is more important to this, but I felt that the film had left its narrative unless it planned to continue until the end of Grant Grant. <br /> <br /> When Fillion and his posse finally confront strangers, the movie begins to cook, but again the problem is in the script. At this point, the audience knows that Grant suffers not only from a disease, but that he acts as a shotgun, instead, he is constantly involved in increasing evidence that it is not something that will "help the hospital". Though their reactions could be human and real, they are signs in the action film, and they should just do what the movie promised-delivered an action. The lack of action scenes in a movie with as few ideas as this one is very bad. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS AHEAD *** After the first confrontation and rupture of the extraterrestrial larval sack, the character and possibly the best scene in the movie), the screenplay again hurts the movie. At this point, one of the characters is almost taken over by a stranger and develops an insight into the stranger. As a character, the writer-director (Gunn) chooses an entirely new character, rather than one of the already developed small figures. Why? Why did he need to imagine a whole new figure for more than an hour in a movie that will become the center of action? At the time when this character is attacked, we do not know anything about her and she could care less about her even though she is a teenage girl in her spa. If Gunn chose not to use this character, and only used one of the noted small characters, he could completely avoid the introduction of his family and save time and money. Besides, the hero and the heroine would be filled in the plans of an alien without all the other characters, and he could get inside to drive the stranger out sooner and more energetically. My last criticism is based on the film's view. Gunn is primarily a writer, or maybe it was a budget constraint, but this movie looked ugly and uninteresting. Most events take place at night in the woods or in the field, and the screen looks simple. Sets in Wheelsy (the fictitious city where the event takes place) look cheap. The whole movie looks cheap. Boxing Office Mojo says the $ 15 million movie budget, newspapers say $ 29 million, and because they do not use any talent talent, I think the money will not appear on the screen. Monster is just repellent and seldom looks deadly. The last criticism is based primarily on the true attitude of the character. At a time when Fillion and What began to hunt Grant / Alien, one woman disappeared and Grant is known to be abusing the animals. At this point I expected the FBI or at least the state police to appear and take over from the sheriff. The woman disappeared, and she was probably murdered and the local psychotic. Time to call the authorities. But basically I was hoping it would happen because I wanted only some characters that would appear and ACT. Though this film is a seemingly horror comedy, the movie that most resembles Dreamcatcher's terms of the monstrous invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had much more trouble with the story (especially the entire Morgan Freeman underworld), and especially its end, it was in many ways stronger, mainly because the main characters were stronger but mainly because it looked beautiful. Although it may be anathema - I prefer a movie that is usually weaker in structure and structural spine due to production values ​​- it only shows how uninteresting I have found the appearance of Slitter.
