This movie disturbs me. Maybe I'm just a stupid American, but I just do not get 400 Blows. Everything I read about this movie is totally excited, but I could not be interested. I'm sure it was just as revolutionary in a movie as all critics say, but when it's down, it's really really boring. Perhaps it is a language barrier, I can not just be "sensitive" or "artistic" enough, but no matter how I hated this film. The story itself is not bad; he is a young French boy whose parents and teachers are unfairly treated, and eventually ends up in a juvenile facility. This in itself should have been interesting and it was initially. There was nothing wrong with the dialogue, but then it's hard to say because half of the interviews were not under the headline and for no apparent reason, so I did not know what was going on. But for the dialogue we understood, it was reasonable. The actors were pretty credible, but it's hard to say what a real person would do in these situations. So you feel like the main character, but only in the sense that when you get into trouble, you think it's upset. This matter is not even your typical plot. Every time he gets into trouble, he gets into more trouble than last time, but the reasons never change. And thanks to the whole movie you realize that nothing can be done with the main character. So it's more like waiting for it to end. The end, by the way, was overhead. It's too polite for me, and I just could not. Leading to the end was easy enough to follow. The structure was certainly there, and it made sense, but everything was really done. For a number of dialogues and important moments, the film could be shorter by an hour. It just does not stop. There were unnecessarily long shots, none of which were particularly memorable; the end was, for example, the main character clip that ran along a rural road that lasted for thirty seconds. Now I'm sure it has some deeper meaning somewhere, but for the average viewer, I'd rather get to get more food for it. Or at least do something a bit more useful than sit and watch this boy run like he was doing my laundry or doing a nap. <br /> <br /> The ultimate verdict <br /> <br /> I felt throughout the movie that it would probably be very moving and just amazing and that it would teach me a great life lesson if I could just get what the director he was trying to tell his? a unique decision. As it was, I felt I was being cheated from the good two hours of my life.
