One star. That's all the document he deserves. I did not feel disappointed with watching the film, let alone a documentary, after some time. I'm a big fan of the "Walk With ..." series, including Nigel Marvin's turn, for all of her fun fun and yet informative information. And although the subject of a prehistoric man is never interested in almost the same way as other prehistoric beings, the subject is still interesting and unique to explore. When I saw all the other documents in the series, I had to notice it, especially after I had seen relatively good reviews in other places. <br /> <br /> Well, for those of this doctor ... what did you think ?! lol. Although the information they were able to get was interesting, the presentation failed in any other way. She had a terrible flow, she was incredibly blurred in what she was trying to say (with mixed information and sometimes out of place), horrific effects (including several CGI moments and especially makeup effects) and the overused MTV camera style. When we talk about makeup effects, one reviewer mentioned how ridiculous the scene happened when the cave met with this huge monkey and how it looked much like a horror movie from the 1970s. There are plenty of moments, just as people who display monkey people looked ridiculous and ridiculous. None of this is helped by the awful positions and camera compositions. The worst part of all is that none of them is shown in an interesting or dynamic way or looks distant. It does not even seem to take it seriously. He also lacked the emotional blow that had the predecessors of the series. Remember the episode "Walking With Dinosaurs" about the fate of Ornithochirus (sp?)? This episode keeps me on the verge of tears every time I watch. It is such a relationship to the topic that is most lacking here. When you are more concerned with the subject and it is your personal story, even the one that is just speculation, you are more interested in the facts that surround it. The only economical grace of this production is fairly good narration (at least in the BBC version I've seen) and music. Otherwise you CAN NOT bother either by renting this if you do not want to laugh good (which I did often, but usually followed by eye taxiing). It does not belong to the shelf with other documents "Walk with ...". And does it make sense to learn that this document was not produced or directly involved in the same people who did the next in the series? Hmmm ...
