This film aka "Four hundred blows" is a mistranslation.Faire les 400 couples "means" to live a wild life. As a French I am amazed when I see the popularity of this good but in no way excellent film. (1958) "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958) by Alain Resnais (1958), "Le Beau Serge" (1958) by Claude Chabrol are leading. Historically, "forest 400" appears. 2. "Nouvelle vague" was sometimes somewhat humiliating and hard on their predecessors: Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret and many others were doomed to be forgotten. "nouvelle vague". You have never heard (or read) the great generation of the thirties (Renoir, Carne, Grémillon, Duvivier already, Feyder) to laugh, say Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. So thanks to Truffaut and what, some people will never discover some of the gems of the 1950s or 1940s (Duvuvier's "sous le ciel de Paris", "Douce" Autant-Lary, "Yves Allégret", "une si jolie petite plage" and "manèges "went as far as William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann were worthless!" The "Les 400 coup" is technically somewhat unsatisfactory: it is very academic, the story is as linear as it may be, the teachers are cartoons and mother Claire Maurier adds such memories as (you have to be French around 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is): Well, your father only has his patent (diploma of junior school) and as far as I am concerned, I have only my high school diploma You must know that circa 1960, almost 10% of the pupils had HSD in France! Antoine Doinel was supposed to be proud of his mother and wants to have diplomas to blame her for it 4. In view of the innovation "H" iroshima mon amour ", which contains a completely new form and a new" fragmented "content, the" forest 400 coup "becomes significant. Truffaut can handle a new form only with the highly superior "Jules and Jim" who helped the unparalleled Jeanne Moreau. 5. Interpretation is rather stiff, Jean-Pierre Léaud, probably recorded when nicknamed in English, is still decent, but will soon fall into the most affected of his generation. 6.The child = stolen childhood had better days (Julien Duvivier is "Poil de carotte", Luis Bunuel is "los olvidados") and will have (Maurice Pialat "l'enfance nue", Kenneth Loach is "Kes" Truffaint, his film is not bad, but frankly, French film fans prefer "Jules and Jim" "l'enfant sauvage" (honest, true and commercially uncompromising film) "l'argent de poche" (as academic as "400 couples "but much more fun) or its nice Hitchcock pastiche" vivement dimanche ". <br /> <br />
