This is Frank Zappa's axiom that "music journalism are people who can not write conversations with people who can not talk about people who can not read." If you ever needed proof that the musicians can not talk, it's the movie for you. Repeated depth attempts hit each other to finish in monosyllabic commentaries that were released in horror-like voices: "Wow." (Thank you, Idris Muhammed.) This film is demanding, but while much of the pontifications by Youssou N'Dour and his gang of merry men (and one token) of the grid, music saves the day. <br /> <br /> The main idea of ​​the movie (what I consider to be the main idea, extracted from an indefinite comment) is interesting. Gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and take them on the journey through the various styles of music that grew out of slavery, from their roots in West African music and a concert in the old slave fortress of Gorée on the Senegal coast. We're working on gospel, blues, jazz and a variety of them, including fantastic drums both in New Orleans and Senegal. There are also many own N'Dour compositions. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is another weakness. It is never entirely clear what N'Dour wants to achieve himself. To some extent, the film seems to be an exercise in self-promotion on the side of N'Dour. He wants to play his own music, to some extent he got up and played in the company of piles of musicians he admired. It's obviously a little embarrassing with it, and soon in the movie gets the blessing of the curator of the Gorée Museum. The conflict between different agendas shows over several other places. For example, one apparently felt that it was impossible to tell the story of black music without the involvement of the Evangelical Corps, but N'Dour and most of his fellow men were Muslims (a point repeatedly in the film). The whole early sequence of black Christians is inconvenient, and then disappears from the story until the Dakar group returns to the harmonious group at the end of the film (the only black Christians who can make a tone). (To be righteous, triumphantly rising and doing the best in the movie.) If the story of black music needs to nod in the Gospel, why not also towards Latin America? Where are the black musical influences from the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe. It seems that the black diaspora did not record any caliber musicians because N'Dour will decide for the Austrian guitarist and trumpet from Luxembourg. Are they in the team just because they played N'Dour with him? What I personally thought was most irritating was a long succession that tried to re-create the form of the 60s of the beatnik / black power / Nation of Islam cultural plot in New York's Amir Baraka (aka Leroi Jones). Hearing people talks about the meaning of "knowledge of your history" and then in the next breath that remains ignorance. Why do so many Africans believe that the use of the Arabic name is the assertion of their African roots? And why does he think Arab Islam is more admirable than European Christianity? Who thinks he has established a deal with African slaves? The film has nothing to say today about the situation in West Africa beyond the boundaries that "the current conditions" are the result of having all the lightest and the finest 300 years taken away. The Senegals look like poor, but happy, musically talented people, friendly and welcoming, respecting their elders (and not as they flee to visit the Americans in the fish market). Is this ethnic stereotype or just my imagination? There is no commentary on the armed guard N'Dour and the cameraman apparently need in the opening order as they cross the Dakar streets. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong consequence in the film that the slaves who were taken from Dakar came from the Dakar. Similarly, there is a similarity between the style of folk drumming in New Orleans and the popular drumming in Senegal. The last thing the slaves heard before they were taken was the drummer of his homeland and he said goodbye to them. Of course, most of the Dakar slaves did not come from Dakar. They were captured or trafficked from inland to coastal Senegal and sold to merchants, any European power currently inhabiting Gorée a slave fortress. Dakar people are not the descendants of Africans who have escaped the slave trade are equally likely? rather? being descendants of people who sold their black brothers to slavery and exile. Two agendas reappear in the final part of the film. There are two separate ends. On the one hand, a concert that N'Dour and Co. try and prepare along the way and deliver the slave fortress in the courtyard of the Gorée. The other end comes when Harmony Harmoners sing the spiritual "Return to Glory," at the entrance to the slave fortress. This is deeply touching, although it is hard to believe that performance is spontaneous, as it seems. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is flawed. An obscure story that attempts to tell and attract in different directions. Irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional. Watch (listen to) music and feeling, but do not expect enlightenment or intellectual rigidity.
