I loved the "Frankenstein Curse" so much that I set out to get "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see Cushing again ... even though it was without Chistopher Lee this time. To my great disappointment, this film not only does without Lee, but it does it without the Frankenstein Monster completely! It was a case: "If we can not get Lee, we will have no monster at all"? Why would they do that? Monster is half the fun of the whole thing! This film is devoted exclusively to studying Baron Frankenstein and his efforts to complete experiments that began with brain transplantation before he ended up in asylum. I found the script very weak, with the necessity to suspend infidelity a little too much for the audience. I'm willing to cut off a lot of money, but this movie has become quite ridiculous, which made me take the film out of the way to immerse me into it. Peter Cushing is absolutely brilliant playing pure evil in this movie. Because he was one of the most popular actors and notoriously sweet men, he could play threateningly and maliciously very well. Supporting acting is competent, but has little to do, even a young doctor and his fiancé blackmailed for helping Frankenstein. A clever police boss is introduced together with his side assistant to create some comic relief, and then they are completely dropped from the movie! Why? We are led to believe that the chief of police will be the Baron's main intention, then we are led to believe he will be a young doctor, and then end up being the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplant. There was no tension, we were not invested in the "creature," and the end was so ambiguous that he left one unhappy, because it was so clear he was creating another sequel. Also, there are virtually no "horror" elements. Yes, in the beginning, there is a breath of breath (outside the camera) and we look at the sounds of Cushing, which pulls off the tops of two male skulls (again from the camera) and there is the worst and most unnecessary scene of rape (90% of which are out of the camera) . I understand that there is love for "letting the audience imagine it all because their ideas are far worse than what we can show," but come on if you do not make us Monster, then at least Look at some "terrible" elements you choose include. It showed us that the skeleton in the lab is shining with the green light, not just scary. At the peak of the slim scenario, I thought the overhead was mostly flat. There were some nice shots, but no excitement, atmosphere or tension was created. The same director did "Curse" in 1958 and I thought he was brilliantly guided ... guessing he was not like that movie like me. The film gets 4 out of 10 strictly for Peter Cushing's powerful, step-by-step performance ... besides, I've found a little in this movie that's worth recommending. Instead, my suggestion is to watch the "Curse of Frankenstein" and see the really big Hammer horror movie.
