"Her Cardboard Lover" is Norma Shearer's latest film. She left the movie, and I think she joined the MGM board. That was a good step on her part. Her Cardboard Lover was partly boring and boring. It was obvious that there was only a handful of actors with speakers, so they had a lot of dialogue to talk to keep the marsh on the surface. The story was a good idea for a rich woman (Norma Shearer) who employed a man (Robert Taylor) to get her fiancé playboy (George Sanders) jealous. I am surprised that director George Cukor has not responded to many scenarios between Mrs. Shearer and Mr. Taylor. Mr. Sugar served Mrs. Shearer well in The Women, but not in this film. <br /> <br /> The best performance in the film gave Robert Taylor. During the career of Mr. Taylor he gained his best comedy role in this film and in 1941 "When Ladies Meet". In 1942, he performed his best comedy performance in Her Cardboard Lover, and his best dramatic performance in "Johnny Eager". He had a difficult year. I think of all MGM actors, Mr. Taylor worked with all the major and minor actresses. MGM also gave all sorts of films to Mr. Taylor - most of them were successful. That's why MGM kept him for 25 years. <br /> <br /> Mr. George Sanders was very good as heels. Eight years later he played a similar role in "All About Eve," for which he won an Oscar for a supporting role. As for Mrs. Shearer, it was one of her worst performances, it was not fun and too dramatic for comedy. It is strange that she made a great comedy "Women" in 1939 and gave her the best performance. It was obvious she was too old to look for her younger leading man in her "Cardboard Love". It also did not help that some of her clothes were terrible. The pity that with Mr. Taylor did not make another dramatic film, like their latest film together, the excellent "Escape". The same comments on this film can be said about the next film "Personal Property" that Mr. Taylor did in 1937 with Jean Harlow. She was too nasty, boring, and the actress looked old. Mrs. Harlow looked bad throughout the movie, and no one in Hollywood noticed she would tell her to visit a doctor, so she died in 1937 at the age of 26. What waste! She became a good actress and had a better role.
