Even in 1942, the film's meeting standards, which HER KARBOARD LOVER introduces, was dated to the extreme. The carnage of one half of a couple (a husband / wife, a former husband / ex-wife) to go back for the threat of marriage to another, divorce or eventual separation of jealousy, humiliation, or other programs was much better in classics like his Friday GIRL and PHILADELPHIA STORY. Both of these films are women with a strong, clumsy presence on the screen that played independent, proto-feminist figures. In both films both women were stripped of divorce from their first-married couples and tried to marry the colorless men who were their opposite, and both would be babysitted to reject their former ex-wife and re-burn their passion each one. <br /> <br /> The role of HARD CARDBOARD LOVER is changing gender: here is Norma Shearer in the role of Cary Grant, this time to divert a former friend (George Sanders) by hiring Robert Taylor to pose as her gigolo. The problem is that Shearer is too old to play a role that would be more suitable for an actress in her mid to late twenties; Sanders is the most involved as a furniture - every man who is in love with his fiancée when he sees a strange person from her bathroom as it happens, a huge scene. Not here. And Robert Taylor plays his role as if he was trying to listen to Cary Grant for half the time, not in a speech, but in a general sense. But the worst is Shearer. For an actress who made her sense of intellectual sexuality and a dramatic presence, Consuelo Craydon appears to be embarrassed by a complete, excessive and excessive gesture that, although it is still part of her ten-year acting and desirable earlier, makes it look like a very powerful artist who pulls a joke out of a situation like water from a relatively dry sponge. It burns only the fires that tell the theory that gives Irving Thalberga the creator of her career and the selection (most of her) roles; why she passed roles like Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver on mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS. MINIVER is a secret, but most of the time also notes that at that time she has just burnt out of acting, that she has completely lost interest in the whole thing, and it is no secret that someone who has experienced such things has basically lost focus and could not wait when retirement or termination of the contract as soon as possible. Such a case could be the case. She seems to be lost, she seems tired, seems to be in a bad state, she's going through an autopilot instead of living. After this film she will do nothing more, but she will be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who would come into her own as a star screen in the late 40s and 60s.
