Welcome to movie 17 on the cool 50 classic pack. Where we can see, that's true. Another movie that makes no sense. Seriously, this movie made me so confused at the end, I thought I was repeating "At dawn to sleep." The story seems to be pretty simple .... well, it's up to 3 seconds in a movie where the girl allegedly killed a cat and then ... exploded? I have no idea what happened. and it was in front of the subtitle screen. It's really sad when I can not even say what happened in the first 3 minutes. Anyway, this star photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl after dumping his next girlfriend on the way to shoot something. so we get there, but not before someone steals their jeeps to take them about 200 feet from the road to the city. suspicious? nah. so they decide to stay in this abandoned village with one old lady. and then blah blah is going to happen something and blah blah is talking. A boy with a mustache goes out of the mist for some reason, even if the old lady tells him it will not be. He lost himself and then found himself back. Oh, I forgot to mention, it's all after an incredibly unnecessary 20 minutes of staying in a guy's house that looks like that carriage, Casablanca. Then they left. There is no point in this scene. It's really just a cushioning. if you cut it, no one would notice it. But sadly, it was actually the best part of the movie. Wait. let me reformulate it. Unfortunately, it was the best part of the movie. because the others are so confusing that I had to look at IMDb to find out what happened. But of course no one else knows, so I am SOL. <br /> <br /> Seriously, the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most important moments I've ever seen on the film. They dressed her in their clothes, kidnapped, dismissed, run back to the house, then at the end are the witches in the house and end up? seriously. I was so confused in the movie. I think they are just as bad as movies like Robot War, at least MAKE SENSE. this film does not even create a connection with ATTEMPT. the end was as confusing as the end of "They were asleep at dawn" and the conspiracy was much boring. This movie gets 1 just because his film "I have no idea what happened in this movie." The "Witch of the Mountain" gets 1 confused filmmaker from 10.
