I did not have a lot of time for this movie, nor could anyone else, based on other reviews. The opening scene of this movie practically has nothing to do with the rest of the story. In this photo reporter with a big mustache, he cancels his vacation to get away from his girlfriend. It is designed for mountain range photography. It is said to be spooky, but I could not tell if he heard it from his boss or later in the movie. On the way she meets a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on her business trip. Throughout the movie, it's a horrible musical score, mostly composed of noisy singing that forces you to scream "GET ALL AT YOUR!" What a person really wants is that the movie always looks like it should be good, though it never does. Beautiful mountain scenery and a truly spooky atmosphere. The inn and the quiet abandoned old building scattered over the mountains are somewhat ominous. Deep nights look really, not like someone put a set fog engine on the set. And the idea, though not the original, had the potential. But it never improves, at least not enough to be useful. Here's how it goes, more or less. A strange inn (you expect your name to be Igor) with a hearing problem. There is a scene where the writer thinks that peeping tom is in her window, but the scene is so dark, I had no idea what was going on. Whether it's bad lighting or poor film transfer is unknown to me. Under no circumstances will we ever know what happened. There is a scene where they wander at night. No matter how helpful or enchanted the witches of the title, it never appears. Another scene that is never explained is when their car is stolen, then found again, with nothing stolen. This seemingly abandoned mountain village, whose only inhabitant is this seemingly kind old woman, ends. Are there other things, including a committed wild man in a cave, which is never explained, an attempt to sacrifice a writer in some way (kill her, or bruise her brain to join them?), The Witch Himself, a bunch of brunette in white robes, which do not appear until the last 15 minutes of the movie and whose practices and beliefs are never explained. Even the final scene does not make sense. When everything is said and done, most people will say, "Huh?"
