Let's say this movie is extremely hard to watch and as frustrating as you sit, it's very easy. Also say that the current available print is dark, sad, scratched, abstractly trimmed, painfully dubbed, seemingly censored, and almost inconsistent, is also correct. This film is in the urgent need of good remastering of the full, unusual, original negative and seeing it reasonably atmospheric (and won the director's prize at the Catalan Film Festival), it might really be worth the trouble. Then again, maybe not ... It's simply impossible to tell in your current state what kind of movie it is. It becomes quite interesting if you can discount a completely absurd, preliminary introductory introductory sequence, which includes an uprooted killing of cats, a snake-loving little girl named Gerda. Mama's daughter, Carla (Mónica Randall, who should make a little eyebrow), splinters some gas in the garage and drives the horses. Seemingly crazy as a young Gerda, she visits her estranged photographer (ex?) Friend Mario ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). She is on vacation from work but so desperately getting away from Carly that she asks her employer to put him in charge ... any job. She frowned, "You will be sorry!" as he steps through the door. Well, Mario is assigned to taking pictures of "Witches Mountain" (somewhere in the Pyrenees, as I believe). Before arriving at the destination, she appears on the beach called Delia (Patty Shepard) and captures a few pictures of her bikini. Just a little adorable, he claims to be the only writer, both of them flirting, and then decide that it would be a good idea if they went together on a mountain trip. When he stops at his place to pack bags, Mario suddenly hears loud, ominous music. Delia claims to hear things. <br /> <br /> So the two begin their hikes on the mountain and stop at the local inn to spend the night. There they meet a peculiar, partially deaf and creepy host (Victor Israel), and Delia claims that someone is going through the window. The next day, under a trance, he slides into the mountain and finally comes Mario, who jumps out of the jeep and runs after it. While he finds out what's happening, someone steals the wheels and is forced to walk around and eventually finds that it is undamaged at the foot of a small, ancient, seemingly deserted village ... almost as if someone is trying to deliberately attract them. As we will see, that's exactly what happened. In the village, he finds a friendly old woman named Zanta (Ana Farra), who claims to be the only person living there and letting them stay at home. Mario takes some pictures of a "deserted" city, and when he develops them, they are furious with people. Slightly exhausted, he and Delia begin to leave and get stuck in the "treacherous" fog and have to drag and camp out for the night. The rest of the film is related to voodoo virgins, black cats that turn into sexy women, satanic rituals that ladies wear in brassieres and deadly fall off the cliff. And, by the way, Carla, a stolen wife, is one of the witches. Everything takes place in the semi-dark and be honest, I did not know what the hell was going on most of the time. The unconvincing "open" end is just another slap in the face for anyone who has to suffer the rest of this absurd mess. Sincerely, there are only a few things that seem really good to me. The first is Shepard actress, who has such a wonderful Barbara Steele dark, mysterious beauty. There is also an excellent musical score (attributed to Fernando Garcia Morcillo) and the chanting of songs that have helped immensely in filming this film as atmospheric as it is. Local work is decent, but as I said, the press is ugly as it may be, and that does not mean it makes sense, so be careful.
