In Europe he is known as Who Dare wins; in America, is known as The Final Option, but under any name this absurd action movie SAS will ask the audience to put their infidel on one side for about two hours. I think it's incredibly difficult to understand how Lewis Collins (the hero here) was almost elected as the successor to Roger Moore in Bond ... this guy is so insignificant that he would try to get a job in a wax museum (like wax work!) Luckily, Judy Davis is on the way to partially redeem a mass-act as a hard-hitting terrorist, and there's a ten-minute action sequence that is quite competently orchestrated by director Ian Sharp. Let it be said that it is very, very, very long waiting for these excitements to come around, and I can not honestly say that they are waiting for a little decent action for two hours, it is worth the effort. <br /> <br /> Hard SAS man Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) is secret among a group of mild demonstrators who would like to see the end of nuclear weapons stockpiles. He meets their leader Frankie (Judy Davis), a talkative and troubled woman who may be able to take extraordinary measures to achieve her goals. Frankie's insinuated party forcibly dresses the US Embassy in London and demands that the nuclear missile be released to Scotland's naval base (believing that when the world actually witnesses a nuclear explosion, everyone will be so horrified that a disarmament campaign will be added to it). Unfortunately for Frankie, he makes the mistake of taking Skellen to his little embassy, ​​and plans to thwart his plan from inside with a little bit of help from his SAS comrades. The film is inspired - quite obviously - by the amazing SAS attack on the Iranian Embassy in 1981. Someone who saw this event in the news apparently thought it would be good to design a movie like that. Unfortunately, the film is rather banal, with too stupid conversation and the heck of many embarrassing scenes (Archbishop's debate that descends into the rebellion, anyone?) Frankie's idea of ​​bringing peace by stimulating a nuclear explosion is so ridiculous, so it becomes a ridiculous figure when viewers find themselves looking at her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins is trying to be a celebration of the military legend that is SAS but also immersed in clumsy cliché of action and misinformed rendering. The result is a well-intentioned but completely ineffective cut of Boy's Own Absurdity.
