In most of us there is something, especially boys, who admire some populist flyers that are really the working class of "real men." And Sean Penn is for us with a cherry on the top. Hey, a lot of people use Penn as a political whip, but I do not rate movies or actresses / directors based on politics or personality. This is exactly what makes-up commentators such as the exclusive reviewer of faux film Debbie Schlussel. While recognizing that he is one of our best actors and a good director, I think this film was a simplifying piece of purposeless string from which he had redeemed ever since. <br /> <br /> Well, you suspect there's the good cop, a little town soldier, Joe, he played against the David Morse type, who's been chasing a guy on a rural farmer's sixty-mile farm on the opening scene. The thief stops, walks up and shoots him to get Joe to death. There was no explanation of what caused this man to do such a desperate violent thing, and the dead man's parents were doing a little frantic at the police station, while Joe was really sad and guilty of killing someone. So we know that Joe, the farmer forced his land into police work, is a good guy. Then his brother Frank appears, it's a sadistic, amoral beat, fresh from the army and Nam, where the war got his blood. Some people here and other reviews called it only the irresponsible hell raised by a younger brother, and Sean tried to have some idea of ​​what our hard culture and war John Wayne did otherwise good people, but what I saw was amoral, sadistic bully , enjoying the wounds and breaking people. Then there is Mom and Dad, Marsha Mason and Charles Bronson, who make the desired turn as an old-fashioned rural couple, then they die; her illness and a machine gun illness to show us the story. Both moments, Frank, the bad man is away from being a miserable SOB. But good Joe takes him back to Podunksville from prison, so Frank can straighten his life by welding bridges and living with his totally stupid creepy pregnant wife. But Joe has a beautiful woman, played by Italian actress Valeria Golina, who is Mexican, and Sean uses it as an exercise in some positive decoration of good Joe and his real excitement under his uniform and crew. For me, it was a totally useless affirmative action subplot that Sean uses to burn his hard guys by sucking the Mexicans because the Mexicans are so hard and cool. But Frank is bad and we get the necessary events like stealing a friendly car, robbing the pumping station by defeating a clerk over your head, then burning a car and all the cold things hell hells do. Then there are mandatory 8mm film children's flashes of young Joey who obediently move lawn and cowboy dressed by Franks to jump and struggle with him and yadda yadda, so we all know the deep relationship between them. <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> So the film moves around with a bunch of small city slums that warm the hearts of each red stork. The film accompanied a great soundtrack of good sixty songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin who were totally inappropriate, except for the 1960s, to get the hearts of old hippies. The worst offense is that since the film was inspired by Springsteen's "The Highway Patrolman," this song was not included. <br /> <br /> So Joe's brain dead wife goes to work and Joe escapes to the bar to work out and broke out some populist drunken sacrifice on how tough things are while the good Joey comes to drag him back to his wife. The bartender is good Ole Ceasar, played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo - Frank is out for some special reason and beats his friend Ceasar to death after the good Joe Cop leaves. So Joe chased his bad brother and hoped he would. the right thing to do and deny the threat to society. Instead, we get a scene where his brother stops in front of him in some old fifty on a lonely night's journey, and a little Franky in a cowboy suit and hood to get out of the car to face good Joe, guys from the 8mm flashback home movie sequence. Oy, such a break! After you got to the top of this bizarre sap fest, is there a zen lock on the Indian runner who is the messenger to become Marshall MacLuhen's message? See what I mean Sean did much better than that, so do not worry about it.
