I'm afraid it's quite frightening, despite some good performances and generally competent camera control. This is the first and last attempt of writer and director Soo Ly. "Rub and Tug" (2002) is one of the unfortunate by-products of the Canadian Motion Picture Support Program. While the program supports efforts such as New Waterford Girl, it opens the door to uninvolved newcomers like Ly who did not have to aggressively interfere with this project, but they were lit up green without adequate review of their script or credentials. <br /> <br /> Do not mind the low budget because the shabby design, poor lighting, bad sound, and the dreadful selection of documents in documentary style are in line with the subject; workers in Canadian massage salons. But dialogue and rendering do not give the actors anything in common, an editor who is gathering a lot, or the viewer any mental challenge, rather than a break of distrust. When your story is so simplistic, the last thing you need is a confused storyline technique; Even if nothing happens, the film is hard to trace and the view impossible. Don McKellar's performance as Conrad's several slots under his similar feature in "Exotica". Linda Booth's Lea is her standard unpredictable airhead; as always, is sympathetic, but there is nothing else. Cindy Kira Clavell is a pleasant surprise, an Asian Shelley Duval. The only other role of any consequence, Tara Spencer-Nairn is Street-Wise Betty, more than cancels her outstanding performance at New Waterford Girl. Her superficial performance in "Rub and Tug" should reduce the tendency to look for other movies in which she appeared; unless you need further confirmation of the skills of director Alon Moyle in working with young actors. <br /> <br /> You quickly find that Lyu's reptile brain can not understand concepts such as complexity, so the need to put lazy and lazy "deus ex machina" to the end is not just a surprise. It could still be worse, the ruthless story has so little internal logic that the unlikely ending is not as painful as it would normally be. <br /> <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm just a kid.
