If my memory is right when this movie was released, it turned out to be something like a comedy - a fun look at the adult entertainment industry. If it is to be, it really does not work. It's just not funny. Set this up a bit (because this is called a comedy!) Because I do not have a personal knowledge of the subject, I will avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which is about going behind the backstage in the Toronto massage salon, except that - if it is true - is quite dull. <br /> <br /> For more than an hour, this film really does not do much, except some insights into the main characters. Conrad is a newly hired manager of a massage salon, whose primary task is to make sure girls do not provide "full service" - euphemism for real sex. As for the girls themselves, Betty aims to buy her own salon to run her own business. Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada who works to support her family home and Leah is - well, Leah is a somewhat strange, undefined figure with a nipple fetish - the truth - who seems to be in business because - well, because he is in it! I have no idea what her character is about. The three of them can be fairly composite figures that accurately represent the motivation of women involved in this business. The film filming and does not offer the power until the "twist" shows Conrad being the bad guy. We had to get to that before. The only thing that is really interesting was that part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the revenge plotted against him by the girls. This plan of revenge was quite good, and you are grateful when it comes out, because basically you're wondering why you've lost time with that. If the story were more focused on vengeance, it could be a really funny movie. The performances of the four executives were all right, even though I did not think anyone had met like an excellent one. All four characters were a bit shallow. Cindy was a sympathetic figure, and so Conrad was for a while, though she turned out to be the bad guy in the movie. There is surprisingly little nudity to the subject (and what exists is limited to one scene.) In fact, there is even some innocence in this area. Regarding the overall quality of the film, it's a low-budget effort, which shows that even if you expect some annoyance, I assume a movie shot in the lounge context so it's possible. Certainly, however, it is said that it was released 8 years ago and is still the only credit in the biography of writer and director Soo Lyu, and given the normal depth of depth in the Canadian film industry, it was not even considered desirable to be nominated at any Genie - Canadian Oscar . 4/10 - and I'm a little generous with it.
