This kind of story is unacceptable The only reason why this movie is anywhere above 5 stars of 10 rows is that behind it is George Lucas and in his name he has the words "Star" and "Wars". This is an insult to aspirants of filmmakers and many others who have just featured excellent movies with an extraordinary story, writing and acting, but they did not get credit. This is a transvestite. <br /> <br /> First it is the first one. Story. Anakin's evolution? Is none. In addition to a little make-up around the eyes and a little screaming, there is none. She becomes a young, stupid, fragile Anakin Skywalker Darth Vader in a single morning. The only thing that would be in line with Darth Vader in the original series was his intelligence, how good he was in almost everything he did, planned, fought, named it. The only consistent thing Anakin perceives in his predecessors' trilogy is his consistent stupidity. He even loses his body because of the stupidity of stupidity. Which part of Emperor Palpatine, which tells him legends about Sith, does not show that the Emperor is Sith? Unacceptable! <br /> <br /> Combat scenes used too many digital pairs. They all fly everywhere like a teddy bear in a virgin house. Count Dooku, Emperor Palpatine, Anakin, Obi-Wan, almost every fighter had a rubber digital double jump. On one particular combat scene, Obi-Wan and Anakin in the Supreme Battle, stop in the middle of parries and aversion, swing the swords several times when they are away from each other. I realize the struggles are choreographed, but it just shook my head with disbelief and disgust. Writing was terrible. The whole dialogue was of exceptionally low quality. Good actors like Ewan McGregor and Natalie Portman did the best they could with their ranks, but that was simply not enough. I can not say about the bad things about this movie. Too many special effects, rendering holes larger than the center of the universe, and absolutely no insight into any of the characters. This is the biggest mistake of this movie: nothing new is offered. We know the rough picture of everything Lucas did to make it stained. We knew Anakin had lost his limbs. We knew that Luke and Leia were brothers and sisters, we knew Luke was Anakin's son, we knew Obi-Wan and Yoda were leaving for exile, we knew everything. Nothing new in this movie. If all the fans want it, then it's okay, Lucas could not go wrong. But when Anakin finally becomes Darth Vader and he asks Padme to hear that he is dead, his hands clumsy and screaming "Nooooooooooooooooooooo." That scene screamed the B-movie all the way, and I expected Darth Vader to go at any time "DANGER WILL BE ROBINSON, DANGER". That's it. B-movie, masked by a huge budget, and an ultra-loyal fan base that now coincides with the fact that the first two films have pulled their standards into the Earth's jets.
