At one point, Violet (Lucy Liu) tells Neil (Cillian Murphy) that she is constantly looking for adventure. She said "because I'm boring". It means that he can not really do some compulsory activities with his life. Well, I think its reason and the way this movie works is very ironic. Because "Detective Tracking" is boring. <br /> <br /> Does any of these characters actually do something exciting once? Neil is a geek running his own very small video store. He and his other friends usually look around the store and watch the movies together while discussing them. But Neil's life turns completely when Violet enters his store. She's an eccentric woman who's hiding a little secret from her. Anyway after a certain date they decide to see each other. The problem is that Violet is a man who still makes jokes at Neil and can not really do anything normal, while Neil is totally opposed to her. The question is. Will they ultimately be in love? You build. <br /> <br /> "Detective Tracking" is the cliché of a romantic comedy. And they made it even worse by pretending to be something else. From the first couple of set-ups, we know that Neil is a quite abandoned guy who has not really touched anything. And then Violet enters the scene and looks all weird and annoying. So at this point, we all know we'll sit in all the absurd situations to see how it ends. Is it worth waiting? I would say no. <br /> <br /> As I said, they tried to give the viewer something more. "Detective Tracking" is trying to talk about a commitment. Watch how far people go to reach out to something they want. Finally, we knew that the crazy thing that Violet did was knowing how far Neil was ready to go to get her heart (or whatever). Well, I think it's totally crude. This movie ends up quite fast if Neil just said, "Forget it, the girl is one of no one!" After working with many great directors recently (Danny Boyle's "Sunshine" and "28 Days Later"), Ken Loach is "Wind That Shakes Barley" and Neil Jordan's "Breakfast at Pluto" to name a few) the choice for Cillian Murphy made a film with one of Broken Lizard comedies, Paul Soter. He's always not bad (as usual), but such a talented actor should not waste time in a movie like this one. On the other hand, Lucy Liu is terribly terrible like Violet. Her acting is a mess. I mean, it's all, so over the top. Tony Montana would be proud. The last but at least the smallest mistake made by the film is completely irrelevant. You just can not really attach a dot between the drawing and its name; and then you end up with the idea that it does not make sense at all. In short, "Detective Tracking" is nice if you forget a movie that you could get on cable TV so fast you could not imagine it. BloodyMonday Rating: 1.5 / 4
