WARNING: This review contains SPOILERS. Do not read if you do not want to see some points before you watch the movie. <br /> <br /> With such a cast, you are interested in whether the actors and actresses know exactly what they are getting. They saw the script and said, "Hey, the close encounter of the third kind was such a hit that this could not fail." Unfortunately it does. They even thought they'd check the director's credentials? I think you would make a movie with the director of the movie "Satan's Cheerleader"? Greydon Clark, who later continued the infamous "Final Justice", did so. It tells you how people at Mystery Science Theater 3000 could click on "Final Justice" and completely omit "Return." The film is located in a small town in New Mexico. The little boy and girl are in the unattended street one night when a powerful beam.er.a torch appears and the boat over them. In the possibly worst sequence of the film with a special effect, the ship throws some red ink on them. It seemed as though Clark was holding a beaker with water from the camera lens and soaked in his leaky pen, so you were right with the cheese. In any case, the ship leaves and adult children do not believe it. Else we see Vincent Schiavelli, whom I consider to be an amazing actor (see his scenes in the "Spirit" as proof because they are excellent) played by a prospectus or, as I have called him, Miner 1949er. He comes out of the cave where he is, and he and his dog are filled with a boat. Twenty-five years to go and the girl grew up like Cybill Shepherd, who works with her father, Ray Burr, to study unusual meteorological phenomena. Or something like that. Shepherd records some strange phenomena in satellite imagery after the small town of New Mexico and she travels there to explore it. As soon as they get there, the local defendants bother her and blame her for the recent slaughter of cattle, and Jan-Michael Vincent's agent is running for her. From this moment on, the film actually stretches when they both start quickly, especially after Vincent uncovers local residents and tells Shepherd that he is the little boy who saw the ship twenty-five years ago. While this boring disorder happens, Vincent Schiavelli, with his murderous dog on his side, goes around killing cattle and all the people he encounters with an unusual object. Do you know the hot plastic sticks that sell in Halloween tricks or coaches that are shaking to make them worse? Schiavelli uses what looks like one of those hot sticks to burn an incision in humans. It is the second worst effect in the movie. Each time Schiavelli is on a canvas with a flashing stick, the atmosphere of the scene suddenly disappears, as the creators thought the flashball needed this improvement. As a result, the movie looks even cheaper than it is. And what has all this done? It's hard to tell when the final, confusing scene will come. You see, Burr and his team are trying to explain satellite imagery that Shepherd found as a "business card", but nothing makes sense. Why does Shepherd and Vincent and Schiavelli do it? Schiavelli explains why he kills cattle and humans and why Shepherd wants a dead man, but it does not make sense even when you really think about it. I mean, why does not he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he was twenty-five years old. And aliens do not need him if Shepherd is dead, so why try to kill her? Speaking of foreigners, it is never clear what they really want from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their goal? Why wait so long to hit? How could they be so confident that Shepherd would return? Not that the answer to one of these and other questions has made return more pleasant. You still have bad boundaries, really bad dealings, especially Shepherd, cheese effect and bad direction. Fortunately, the stars have escaped from this film. Cybill Shepherd soon continued to play in "Moonlighting" with Bruce Willis. Jan-Michael Vincent continued to be featured in dozens of B-movies, often in the over-top-section. Raymond Burr made a pile of Perry Mason television films until his death. Vincent Schiavelli has become a great actor in a huge number of films. Martin Landau, who played a hairdresser, quickly became a great "Alone in the Dark" and terrible "The Being" before he got into the films he was recently famous for. You can bet that none of these stars ever wanted their career to return to "Return". Score Zantary: 2 out of 10.
