Kubrick meets the king. It sounded so promising back in the spring of 1980, I remember. Then the film appeared, and cultivator Kubrick quarreled with the king's cultivators ever since. Kings cultivators say that Stanley Kubrick took a great horror story and destroyed it. Kubrick Cultists do not know about the King's story. Talking about Steadicams, watching shots, camera angles. This is a movie, they insist that it should be considered as a whole. As it happens, both camps are right. Unfortunately. If anyone sees it as an adaptation of King's novel, "The Shining" is really a failure, an unnecessary opportunity, a series of bad narrative gambits. <br /> <br /> I blamed it on screenwriter Kubrick. Writer Diane Johnson (Le Marriage, L'Affaire, Le Divorce, etc.) Has a reputation as a writer of social morals. Perhaps she was chosen for her subtle understanding of marital relationships or family dynamics. But the little blue Sidewinder, Colorado collar does not exist on any map in its francophile universe. <br /> <br /> Kubrick anglophile probably found her congenial. Of course he's a real author. And on the basis of his own merits, his screenplay "The Shining" - with his mishmash of abnormal psychology, rationalism, supernaturalism and implied reincarnation - simply does not cost a logical analysis. <br /> <br /> I am willing to think about Kubrick's "Shining" according to my own terms. I'm even willing to think of it as anything other than the usual horror genre. But it did not succeed as a natural study of isolation, alienation and madness. Developed, the film falls to a large extent. <br /> <br /> Are the horrors of the Overlook Hotel real? Or are they just in mind - first as the nightmare nightmares suffered by little Danny Torrance, then as a father's hallucination? One remarks that whenever Jack Torrance is seen talking to "spirits," he actually looks into the mirror. One remarks that the hotel's frozen topiary-hedge maze seems to symbolize Jack's stunted, complicated psyche. Very deep things. But if the "ghosts" of the show are purely the manifestations of the growing madness of Jack Torrance, then who exactly allows Jack to be trapped from the kitchen toilet that he can go to his top shuttle? And can anyone explain with a straight face that a black and white photograph (pompously marked "1921") by Nicholson as a smoking party - which appears from the left array and the wall of the hotel hall during the final seconds? Can we really come to the conclusion that the bad foolishness of Jack Torrance is based on some "past life"? (And if you overdo it because when reincarnated people are considered to be the exact physical replicas of their past?) Maybe Kubrick did not care about his story. Maybe he just wanted to make a mood of horror. Whatever the case, the movie will try to heal its narrative bets - both, rational and supernatural. As a result, the story is a mess. This film has not improved with age and certainly does not improve with a repeat look. I do not deny that a few moments of fear, claustrophobia, and general crawling are scattered throughout this long period of time. , long film. But those who plunge into the elevator, seen repeatedly in the little Danny visions, are absurd and ridiculous. And the infamous brand of Jack Torrance ("Wendy, I'm home!" And "Heeeeeere's JOHNNY!") We just pierce the dramatic tension of the film and scatter its telling energy. (I know, I was sitting in the theater and I heard the audience laugh at the comic relief: "I'm glad I do not have to take it seriously!") Finally Kubrick is totally at sea - or quite cynical - during the scenes in which Wendy travels around an empty hotel while her husband is trying to drink her son. Hall with mummified guests, all sitting there dead in their hats? Yikes, I'm really afraid now. Due to the brilliance of Jack Nicholson over the years, one can assume that he only gives the kind of eye that rolls, the eyebrows, the wailing, the scenery and the chomping that the director wanted. The performance of Shelley Duvall, as a female version of Don Knotts in "The Ghost and Mr. Chicken," is best passed in silence. This film simply does not succeed - not as an adaptation, not according to its own conditions. Probably deserves 3 out of 10 but I give it 1 because in this forum GROTESQUELY was overstated.
