When Rodney Dangerfield's in the role, he's cheerful. There is no role in my 5 wives. The timing of one-off recordings is off, but it's the best thing to do for the movie. Five women who play with women do not accept one single actress among them. The story is very weak. Even the assumption is rather weak; there are some jokes about having a few women, but the situation has nothing to do with anything else in the movie. Most of the film could play in the same way, although Rodney's character had only one woman, so the assumption seems more like an old man's fantasy than a key part of a comedy. Fantasy of an Old Man: We should accept that Rodney's character is an athletic skier. Jerry Stiller seems to say in his role just to make a friend a favor, and the rest of the name actors must be simply desperate to work. A special nod to political correctness later in the movie really nothing for the film. For those who love their films politically correct, the humor is still in the first place, and the apparent justification for it still does not. For those who hate seeing the movie cave in political correctness, PC accessories are just unpleasant deviations. <br /> <br /> It must be the strongest movie in the R movie I've ever seen. There are some humorous jokes and scenes in the bedroom would cause shocking TV 40 years ago, but that's probably the case. Perhaps they were topless men (kidding). The DVD contains interviews where cast members are looking for the depth and importance of this film and their roles. I still wondered if they were serious or they were kidding. They seem to be serious, but I thought, "You have to be kidding!" There is also a special rejection that suggests that since the film never actually mentions the Mormons or the Church of Latter-day Saints, it is not about them. It does not matter that the film contains a polygamous religion in Utah and refers to Brigham Young. In short, My 5 Wives was a disappointment. I was looking at Rodney, but the best I can say about the movie is that Rodney looked pretty good for a guy who was pushing eighty at the time.
