I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; many of his films, Giallo and Drimolit, are one of my most popular films, but this for television is extremely under-average and not what I expected from the great Italian director. The film is not even interesting as one of Fulci's most powerful Giallos, or cruel as most of his classical cult; leaving both missing areas in both main areas and eventually ensuring that the movie is not very good. The film is working on a conspiracy that has been used many times before, but it is nevertheless thought that it always has a chance to emerge an interesting story just because it focuses on the subject of posthumous life, which is ultimately unknown. This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; to a man who is not very happy and after the death of obvious gastric bleeding, there are not many people who are sad to see him. That is, his spirit is imprisoned somewhere between life and posthumous life, so he decides to try to get to the bottom of his death, and his only ally in this effort is his daughter. <br /> <br /> The video I saw this movie is proud to announce that the film is "in the style of HP Lovecraft" and it is one of the most spectacular attempts to sell the movie I've ever seen. There is nothing, not a little resembling the great horror writer in this story, and the reason why it happens seems to be due to the title similarity to Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft, "From Beyond" - which is much better. The film has a distinctly Italian style and the score is rather good. But unfortunately Fulci saw a positive pose for each scene - and so the topic quickly becomes unpleasant. The conspiracy is really boring, and most scenes simply include a spirit that "desperately" tries to find things, or a daughter who submits her suspicion of her family members. This film was made for Italian television, so it is not surprising that it is rather modest. There's a little gore and a nightmare with the zombies; but this is not Fulci we all know and love. Overall, this film is extremely average and is not a good representation of Fulci's talent. You should not be bothered if you are not full.
