Grand Central Murder (1942) Director: S. Sylvan Simon <br /> <br /> Production: MGM <br /> <br /> This average "B" secret was one of only five films released in 1942 with Simon as director. Certainly he could have another two films of Red Skelton on his plan! Anyway, the murder of Grand Central is a shameless rip-off of thin people's films without joke, charm, and leading chemistry. We are processed into a paper thin fence that barely supports 73 minutes, badly tired and tired gags. Van Heflin and Virginia Gray play Nick and Nora Charera, Rocky and Butch Custer. She's PI and she's his wife and partner. They deal with "humorous" skin. See? It's completely different. Heflin is the only one who thinks about bigger and better things, even though he's really close to it. Virginia Gray was in the Other Thin Man, but again, let me emphasize, THIS FILM ONLY ONE, not sir. And just as we start thinking that this film is absolutely nothing like the other movie we call the real man we really like, Sam Levene appears as a leading detective who is a little shadowy and Van Heflin must gently direct him to all the important reasons. Hmmm. <br /> <br /> It's a "murder" that it's the mad elf Mida King who likes to trade with rich men until he finds even richer. It's played by Patricia Dane, which is like the C version of Hedya Lamar, until he opens his mouth and turns to F. There's a whole bunch of fraudulent suspects, all with their own motivation to keep Mida dead. There is a type of society, heavy talking ladies, criminals, a former lover and a shadow theater impresario (Tom Conway, populated here by the unlikely character of "Frankie Ciro"). Roman Bohnen plays a nervous, nervous type, something I believe he might have done earlier. Millard Mitchell plays an idiot policeman who can not stop thinking about what an ass is going to be wrapped in when the case is wrapped (that's right, Millard Mitchell, a swordsman). Finally, in a totally broken way of talking, something we have never seen before, all the suspects are gathered in one spot where they tell their stories (like flashes) by a detective because Rocky takes mental notes until the guilty man is forced to dramatically suppress the confession. On top of the real picture that I'm crazy, I naively thought that there might be a few shots from the site of the real 1942 Grand Central, but unfortunately not. At the beginning there is only one very short shot. Thank you for nothing, Great Central Killing. So, to summarize, it was a little formal, but Heflin was fine. <br /> <br /> * ½ of 4
