Now I am a lover of film genre B, but this piece of waste is insulting me. At first, the film shoots his brother Lizzy McGuire as an annoying little child looking for his lost 3-legged dog. Now, please, what stupid ass is missing a triple dog for God damn mutant crocodile, please please? And is another reason why they think why they show that Dinocroc on the back of the movie box is huge and actually in the water? I believe that if the memory served in things spent in the water for about 2.6 minutes and was only shy high, it was a heart. But the redeeming of the film's features consisted in the fact that it was so bad that I was almost laughing at laughter because you believed me that bad behavior forced me to death. But the fact remains that this thing is once again created by another military test site that trains super-corpses for military struggles or something from the source of all the evil things of E.V.I.L Corporation. And let's not forget the characters we see we've jumped # 1 as a male lead and a half-hour decent cat (who does not know how to act) because a woman leads me to say WOW! The only thing worse than that was that heroes spend what seems like 2 hours talking and planning a long, complicated way of killing a dinocrosu just to fail and kill him in a normal way that could take about 15 minutes. This entire movie was off-gay with the occasional opera music in the background, and the fact that it was probably the brightest of all CGI monsters ever made, along with the fact that it was of course not bullet-resistant and bombs (otherwise it would not have been made for military DUH!). The best scene seems to have been when Brother Lizzy McGuire got into the hut and dinocroc it upset him when his head jumped and the sound came on. I believe you'd better shoot between your eyes and watch Dinocroc. As for the director, I believe we should get a lot of people to hang him on his feet, and they all eventually threw him in the crotch, lost an hour and a half of our lives until he finally died, and then I could go on living.
