"Plan B" is strictly next to a number, except one thing. Surprisingly, I found this to be somewhat offensive. Jon Cryer is the "star" of this film and plays his usual, crazy, egoistic, crazy character who really liked "Pretty In Pink" and since then you were not entertaining. The grid did not even begin to describe his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is a muscular, blonde and frightening actor who (he gasped!) Is only concerned about his hair and is laid. Talk about the character of the shares ... ugh. At least three other characters are somewhat concerned. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest play an anchored, optimistic, caring couple trying to open. Because they are not frantic dramatic queens, their roles are apparently boring and do not take enough time to screen. Sara Mornell captures cast by playing Gina, your usual sweet and pretty looking young woman who just can not find the right partner in love. I've seen this figure a million times before, but at least its performance overcomes some of the shortcomings caused by the predictability of her situation. What frightened me of this film was his youthful promotion of stereotypes. They introduced the Russian character only for the purpose of mocking him and making fun of how he spoke. He was portrayed as wild, unconscious and amazingly shallow. They just warmed up for the usual nonsense about gays. Gina decides to be homosexual for a moment, because she is not lucky with the boys. Honestly. It was not so bad that they really got across the deck when Gina brought the lesbian to the Christmas party that the comrades threw. Her lesbian date had very short hair (just as I'm sure it's all done by lesbians). She was also quite upset (just as I'm sure all lesbians do) when Gina was nervous to get on her lipstick (!). Finally, her day goes around a party that affects almost every woman and her mouth when Gina expresses her disappointment. Of course, we all know how homosexuals can not remain faithful in a couple of hours, much less months or even years, right? (Please note sarcasm in this statement thank you.) This movie was based on the tedious and predictable premise that started, but Cryer's unforgettable performance combined with idiotic stereotypes sinks this movie into the lower depths of the cinema. 2/10
