Imagine that while adapting James Bond's novel to film, the filmmakers excluded all action and tension to make it good for children. Or if a television producer told Chris Rock, he could not handle his specialties as PG. Likewise, the film director "Something Bad to Come This Way" took the excitement and gore in favor of the melodrama for the young audience. This created a monotonous conspiracy without the complications of a book. In an effort to make it easier for children to tell the story of "Something wrong comes this way," filmmakers have excluded the theme of good and evil that exists in all, and good, always prevailing over evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, the salvation of Jim Charles Halloway and the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> Will's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie. The scene in which Dusty Witch visits Will's house in the balloon has been cut out of the movie. Instead, the green mist follows Jim and Will home and gives them the same bad dream of a witch and her spiders. The balloon attack will show us that Will began to besiege the fear of doing things himself. He gets to the roof of his neighbor and tears the balloon with a bow and defeats the witch. "I'm sorry, Dad, he thought, and sat down, smiling." This time I'm out alone, "Will decides when he's preparing for her (147). Removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that Will is becoming more and more adventurous . The film shows us many examples that Will is afraid to follow Jim, but never curious as his friend. In the book, Will has a good, quiet side and "evil", a courageous side like Jim. In the film, every boy has only one way of thinking that will destroy Bradbury's theme of good and evil present in every person. Will Will rescues Jim for their friendship in Will Will, and in Charles Halloway, Jim tells Jim to pay back Jim's father. He will drag Jim out of the circus in Bradbury's novel because he does not want his best friend to grow up without him. It's good at Val, the fact that he cares about his friend who will save Jim from the evil curse of the carnival. On the carousel, Jim pointed to the other hand a free path to the wind, to his part, a small, white, separate part that still remembered their friendship. " (269.) This shows that there was good inside Jim. , which has the potential to still defeat evil. But when Charles Halloway put Jim in the movie, he does it to repay the debt owed by Jim's father, who saved Will when he was a little boy. By changing the motivation to save Jim, the directors destroyed Bradbury's original idea that it is good to win against evil. At the end of the movie, the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughs. When the book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy, and Charles Halloway smiles at him and laughs so much that he can not stand and evaporate. In the world of Bradbury, evil people live with fear and can be defeated only by happiness and love. His message is that good will always prevails over evil, but only when this goodness is expressed outwardly. "Good for evil seems bad," says Charles Halloway when he holds the dying Dad. "I'll do just fine, Jed, I'm just holding you and watching you poison yourself" (275). In the movie, Mr. Dark is the only one left on a merry-go-round when the lightning strikes him and he dies. By removing the weapon of laughter and smiles, the creators suggest that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil, as if only those who are bad are struggling with lightning. This will take on the central theme of Bradbury's book, which makes it "good" to the others to separate evil. Good can always win over evil, but trying to make movies more friendly to children will always be the filmmakers to leave some of the themes from the books on which they are based. In the movie "Something wrong is coming this way," Will will not change, Will's friendship will not save Jim, and smiles and laughter do not beat the carnival. As a result, the filmmakers have omitted too many of Bradbury's main points. The process of adapting a book to a movie too often destroys the world created by the author. In the case of this story, Bradbury's terrifying world of opposing forces of good and evil was limited to a tamer, simpler version of himself.
