Before I start, you have to know that I'm a big fan of many Sonny Chiba movies. His biographical series on the life of his master, Mas Oyama, was amazing and one of the best martial arts ever produced, like most Street Fighter films. The event was virtually uninterrupted and with the possible exception of Bruce Lee (depending on who you are asking) was the greatest practicing martial artist in the 1970s. Because they are so good, I've seen at least 15 films and recently I bought another (which I'm in the process of watching). Unfortunately, despite my love for these films, I am not a mind-toothy zombie who worsens the human being to the point of evaluating ANY movie 10. There are some reviews like this on IMDb and I really think that anyone who gives this film 10 should be ignored because it is such a bad film from a technical point of view and it is not even close to being Chiba's best work. Score 10 is not a real rating - it's a zombie fan who is trying to make a statement about Chiba, not about this movie! As I said, technically this movie is horrible. Some of them were the result of seeing the American dubbed version, its insignificant prologue and bad dubbing. But most of the problem would still exist with the original Japanese press. Working with the camera is simply ugly - as chimpanzees do (smart chimpanzees, but chimpanzees). Often a lot of fast martial arts action is omitted because the camera is so slow or the heads of actors are cut off due to poor production. And over and over again, the camera is being inserted and pulled out as if it were a new toy used by an idiot, and the editors are unwise bad - the carvings are happening randomly and confusingly. we do not know whether the music score is original or not - but it was also very, very bad. Like the sour rock of the 1970s, it mixed badly with Ennio Morricone "Spaghetti Western" music - it was unpleasant, distracting and simply stupid. When it comes to martial arts action, I think having chimps doing choreography would somewhat improve things. Instead of the great fighting scenes you're looking forward to in Chiba, matches are too short and the camera is often missing! So what you have left is a story ... and it can only be the worst part of the movie! It's supposed to be a drug movie that plays Sonny Chiba as ... Sonny Chiba! And when the film starts, it promises to destroy drug trafficking in Japan. But the mafia (completed without a single member who looks like Italian, but who is ALL Japanese) promises to stop Chiba. And when Mrs. Chiba comes to promise to give him information on how to destroy the drug trade, she agrees to help her and risk her life without any conditions - though she never says she'll tell him what she knows! In fact, it later turned out that she was just trying to protect Chiba while she was selling her a huge cocaine-carrying case - and she's still trying to protect her! It does not make sense at all, and in most films it looks as though they were filming a movie without a screenplay - as if they went to bars and brothels and let Chiba walk like he was drunk. > <br /> So if it was bad, why is it still worth 3? Well, first of all, there are a lot more horror films about martial arts (for example, many of Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including one with boys dressed in gorilla suits that make kung fu and their manipulators with the 3-feet long languages ​​they used to fight It is bad). Secondly, while the action is very poor compared to other Sonny Chiba films compared to its contemporaries, it's not that bad. Still, you can easily do much better than this horrible little movie. By the way, if you're wondering if this is the worst Sonny Chiba movie, it's definitely not the case! In one of his first films, INVASION NEPTUNE MEN, Chiba plays in a superhero dressed in a T-shirt that fights with attackers from the planet Neptune. It's so bad that he's in duel with PLAN 9 OUTSIDE THE SPACE and SAYS THE HITLER BRAZIN for a terrible. Last note to parents - Like most Sonny Chib films, this film is very violent and has its share of beans. Do not let small children watch it no matter how much they ask! Let them wait when they are older than you let them watch poor wounded martial arts movies!
