It's simply one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen, and that's what it says. Singing Viva Chiba, viva Chiba is heard in the title, you will soon be singing to yourself silly, stupid. The basic story is that the Mafia is leading drugs to Japan, and one vowel man stops them, of course it is our son, Sonny Chiba. The Karate Master offers its service to all who can provide information about drug lords. A woman comes and becomes a bodyguard, but what are her real intentions? Let me tell who he cares about? Soon we were treated or tortured by a series of badly choreographic struggles and a devious story that becomes more ridiculous at any moment. Sonny eventually releases the evil man with karate skill, the end of the story. Oh yeah, that woman was also corrupted. Congratulations, you just watched the most funny movie ever. <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, it's one of the worst martial arts films I've ever seen. What makes it demigodable is to see how bad a movie can be. Some have already mentioned the infamous American introduction to the film. This is probably the most fun part of the movie and it's out of fun. I agree that it is worth watching just to see how the 70th karate scene was at that time. Watch Aaron Banks leave the guy who hangs his nuts and then lose him with a thick student (bad editing) that puts him in his throat. But everything is wrong in this movie. Terrible incredible fighting, fake I mean fake blood, bad behavior, dubbing, wardrobe and do not forget the story. One person who has a problem with drugs in the country? I bet. Fighting the fight is ridiculous. It was the 1970s when people still believed that karate was effective in combat, but Chiba brought it to new levels with some of the nonsense released in this film. We'll see he kicks the weapon in half, kicks him as hard as he looks like his dentures fall out and of course chopping the bottle of the scene, give me a break. Not to mention that it's very hard to say what's going on in the fight because it's shot so badly. One fun part was when he broke the boy behind the door and was fractured. OK. As the action takes place, we are treated to blood of blood, really false blood. He claims too much that he looks bad and is underestimated. The effects in this movie do not exist at all. I do not expect much from the films of this caliber if the action is good, but it was not, and as expected, the dabing is extremely poor. Was it my fantasy or the fate of a dancer with an Asian goo with a black accent? As expected from the 1970's wardrobe, you'll be laughing at some of the trends and the ugly women have gone to the free nudity that comes with these flicks. Why would the mafia be so obvious and wherever the black trench coats and hats all the time? Do not try to hide it now. The characters were also stupid. The owner of the pimp club, one of which is stuffed in a Japanese suit and the other with a barrel-like appetite, looks like a fat hippie. The last thing that worried me all the time was horrible music with some whaling. It was very unpleasant. Overall, it's a terrible film, both martial arts and high-quality films. This does not mean it's not fun. With such a bad movie it's hard not to laugh at most of this film if you can make it stomach. It was an old favorite watch with my best friend. If it was pure, I'd give one star, but she laughs that she's going to hit her. 4 of 10.
