Lil Bush is a 30 minute cartoon consisting of 2 15 minute episodes displayed on the comedy center. It happens in a fictional, caricature Washington D.C. and focuses on satirical children's performances by George W. Bush, Condoleezza Rice, Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheyney. Other politicians also satirize in the same way and act as smaller figures. Little Bush pilot, a lot of the expectations of this commentator, turned out to be rather shallow and esoteric production that hardly brings his promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. While one has to admit that the presumption of the show has some merit, although it would be hard to imagine that a show based almost entirely on the dismay of a single political person would survive to continue producing episodes after his term of office, it can only be described as the youngest and quite horrible at worst was frustrated by the little potential that the show had. Lil Bush, which can be technically classified as a "satire," tends to ignore its actual use of a particular comedy instrument to prevent its targets in extremely vulgar (but not entirely original, entertaining or entertaining) ways. Consuming poorly writing the show often consists of a little more than recording Bush / Cheney jokes heard elsewhere than the unconscious and placing everyone in a single 30-minute television block. Most of the jokes presented by the writers were unscrupulous clichés, some of which have been in public circulation for more than 6 years. A comparison of Vice President Darth Vader can be heard, for example, in the first 300 times of fun at the Daily Show / Colbert Report / Letterman / Conan O'Brien / Leno / Any Late Night Discussion - but here it is not funny. Just as it would not be enough, it seems that scenes seem to be simply a means of enhancing the same old and fatiguing Bush jokes that writers have become the center of the program. In the show's defense, when writers dare to write in a genuinely original joke (which seems to be a rarity), it is often rather humorous. If the theater grew somewhat and put its characters in new situations, rather exotic situations than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" that the Bush administration persisted, and therefore did not have to rely on the same old Bush jokes and the show may be considered somewhat tolerable perhaps even innovative. Finally, it is difficult to see which shortfall is causing the greatest damage to Lil Bush; its apparent lack of originality and poor writing quality, or its painfully ambitious ambitions. It is reasonable to expect that Lil Bush will be able to keep a small base of left-wing fans, if they are able to withstand exceptionally bad writing; until the program continues in thorough control of the Bush administration. Still, most viewers soon recognize the program about what is actually a weak, insane, vulgar attempt at satire, and tunes in search of something more intellectual stimulation; The price may be true.
