Carnosaur 3 is bad ... terribly wrong. Bad to the point where it's funny. Depending on how much I try to convince myself, I simply can not believe that anyone in this world could find serious reasons for entertainment. I mean, come on, the pack is bad too! OK, the special effects are totally ridiculous. Those "Carnosaurs" are really ridiculous. The scientist tells the soldiers that they are moving incredibly fast, but when you see them, they run at a speed ... an actor in a rubber suit trying to escape as much as possible. And explosions are fun (there are no words to describe them). At the beginning of the bullet will hit Jeep AFTER the guys say, "What was that?" ... And the other explosions are also ridiculous. But the worst is the script and the so-called story. You do not expect a good story (or I do not think anyone who borrows this movie awaits a good movie), but at least the story has to make sense. I mean how hard it is to tell a story about dinosaurs who suffer people at least coherent. Unbelievably hard when you look at it. And if you think it's easy to make credible squads like your characters, tell the writers of this terrible, terrible bite. I mean what would a sick human being make cheap jokes after one of his buddies is dead? And they do it a lot. And if you think movie about dinosaur murders can be just the least action, WAKE UP !!! This movie is incredibly boring. Carnosaurs (who invented this vague name as well?) Attack (in tedious action sequences where you do not see much going on). Soldiers think of defeating them (in incredibly entertaining scenes where they really try to be serious, but they do not seem to convinced them for one second). So they attack the carnosaurus, but their idea does not work (another ridiculous action sequence). Back to planning (with a few burglars jammed) in another ridiculous scene. And that goes on and on and on. And do not forget about acting that is as convincing as the special effects ... and the story ... Oh, this movie simply sucks from A to Z. <br /> <br />
