OK, I had more chance of Carnosaur, just because the continuation seemed to improve as they went out. I liked Carnosaura 2 better than 1. I thought this was newer, so it must be better? Well ... I quickly learned that I was wrong. I was very confused with the cast. Rick Dean was restored for another spotlight and Michael MacDonald as a police officer. Now for Rick dean lol, in Carnosaure 2, I thought he was doing pretty well and he was not really upset, now in Carnosaur 3, where he built him as an elite soldier. Now we are patient here. The movie actually started well with a good gun fight, and the dinos escaped from that little freezer, but once the Scott Valentines team appeared, we had a mix of romantic comedy with very entertaining performances of late and disorganized dinosaurs. br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I will start with the predators first, they should have the tails pull the ground that in the other were in the air that looked more common for the dinosaur, which can run up to 50-60 mph. Now, as they ran, they pulled back and forth, and their heads did not move at all. there were hands ubiquitous, and since the director was very badly shot, they looked stupid and in place. T-rex was extremely poor, it would be better if you use one of the previous two movies. At least it looked a little frightening. He looked like he was still smiling in this movie. Her legs as she went was cheerful as if it were John Wayne in the Old West, all the stiff legs and so on. LOL Another thing I noticed is that the hands did not move, they were stuck next to the body, so it looked and sounded (God sound effects were horrible) slowed !!! Now, if I were a director and I realized I was going to work with it, maybe I might try to hide the facts. As for the rest of the movie, it was the saddest and loudest military team I've ever seen. The weapons they used did not make sense for the scenario. They even had a scene with a shoulder in the warehouse where the carnosaurs were wandering, now I was shining on this scene because I thought that while this stupidity had taken place, Dinos would get there and cause some damage. Instead, the director lost about 7 minutes of our time. I would like to look at this film as three dinosaur films. You slow down military, retarded dinosaurs, slow down the screenplay, and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend your day watching this. <br /> <br /> Now, I'm not saying I'm not looking at it, because I'm actually recommending everyone to see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment. I seem to have collapsed, but I really am this film about what it is. It's really a lot of fun watching, because watching that you think of yourself, "did the director really do it?"
