I really do not see the real surplus value of this movie. It's not bad enough to be cheerful. There is no madness or gratuitous nudity (though there were plenty of opportunities). There is no gore. There is no tension in the first hour of the movie because there is a way to many scenes of tourists who have parties and natives playing funky tribal music. This last part was really fun in many ways: You see these natives have fun congas and jembés and that's really what you hear (badly synchronized) on soundtracks. But they also added this basque line to the soundtrack. So, where was the bass player? At one point the natives are angry and start killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? This is because the White Caucasians build this tourist complex, which, according to their myth, awoke the wrath of the god-alligator god (in fact, I missed the explanation). The natives, however, helped build a tourist complex for several months, so why sudden anger? And how the hell succeeded in propelling the propeller into the water ??? It's all stupid and unnecessary. This film contains the darkest African-American model I've ever seen. At one point our heroic front couple will visit this cave, where a strange crazy old man lives. The only point on this scene is that they are making a "shocking" discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator. Crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? It's big, made of plastic and eating people. Just like me. Alligator is somewhat stupid creature. It is very stiff and immobile, even when it slides or moves its legs. Eyes do not move when they're shot. I think that in 1979 they did not know animatronics in Italy. There are also many pointless intersections of local wildlife. I suspect this is a serial footage. As I said, the first hour was quite chrome and the only reason I did not shut the film was because my cat was sleeping on my lap, I do not want to wake up a sweet thing. But the last half hour of the movie has improved. Finally, let's take a look at an action when the alligator intertwines a horde of people who panic, clapping their teeth and wailing at them. The most fun (and fun) scene is when Alice and Daniel drive the van over the bridge and collapse. Let's look at the boxing variant that falls into the river. Funny. But pretty shot. In fact, there are several other beautiful camera movements. Surprisingly for this type of flick. I wanted to point out some stupid details about the end of the film, but I do not want to spoil it completely if you decide to watch this movie. My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to see a decent alligator film, look at ALLIGATORA Lewis Teague. I admit that one is not Italian and is not a JAWS rip-off, but it's definitely more fun. And if you are interested in other films from director Sergio Martin, then I strongly recommend a very fun 2019: after the collapse of New York. This is an exaggerated revelation of all possible post-apocalyptic future films. "Italians" and "rip-off", two words that are very good together.
