The thing that comes to me in this movie (sadly) is the introduction of John Berlin (Andy García). You see his passage through Mercedes on a road full of Redwood trees. It's pretty beautiful. <br /> <br /> As for Andy Garcia, you play the character with the surname of Berlin, well ... Andy is just Hispanic / Latin to be successful. Maybe a Caucasian father has married his Spanish mother for this story? Who knows. But I can tell you that when you take him to the town of farmers and hic, he acts like a painful thumb, especially with his accent that flared when he was angry. Yeah, I know, is that okay? He's still a good actor. The name refers to a serial killer who nicknames his victim Jennifer. All the victims are blind and he is analyzing them. The killer paused, but suddenly he reappeared when a blind witness (do not ask), Helena Robertson (Uma Thurman), appeared. Thurman does a good job of playing a blind man for my surprise. When I saw Lance Henriksen play Sgt. Freddy Ross was afraid. Henriksen starred in some strange films, especially late. I still can not forget him in the movie of bloodshed, Pumpkinhead. <br /> <br /> Berlin movies to a small town by L.A. as a detective. She begins to investigate Jennifer's murders after finding parts of her body in a local landfill. His brilliance in discovering one of the victims was blind. Likewise, the irony of Freddy's murder, conspirators, with similar names and names. I have a lot of confusion as to the logic of how eight "Jennifer" came into being. And the motive of a murderer just as frantic did not threaten the power of the blow. In a retrospective movie, this film is probably more true to life in pointing out the unsuspecting man as the ability to murder simply because they have become a bit crazy over time or maybe a decent toon. John Malkovich does a wonderful job in his questioning Garcia! Though no policeman would legally be able to push on someone who is hard and an egg without the right to go. As for the end, it's a bit of a surprise, but it's very controversial, like Sgt. Ross's murder. A murderer decides to go after his running victim, but frolick instead. I think there are so many occasions when killing it is ridiculous. I will not destroy the end because, despite being anxious, it is a surprise. Then you will probably say, like me, "the boy was lucky!" 4/10
