Dennis Hopper is undoubtedly one of the best undervalued American actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play his role as a policeman in the case of a child serial killer. Most of the Hopper films have always played psychotic threats that threaten to throw away or go to killing, but in this film, Hopper tried to keep that intensity and emotion while holding the shield. Once I got into the plot, I was addicted, but it's just a little thing that eventually murdered the movie. The concept of the movie is great - not only the cops on the go catch the killer, but we have a chance to see how gangsters work to capture the killer. The podium of the football stadium is a bit ridiculous, but it is necessary to engage gangsters in killer hunting. That's all that's good about the movie. Although Hopper tried to act as a hard, experienced street intelligent cop, I can not help, but he felt that his acting was below the vapor level and was not convinced enough that he was really connected to the case. The director was also terrible - she did not feel a real movie, but rather a television movie production. This is most obvious when gangsters meet for the first time to create an elite team that would kill the killer down. When the leading gangster shot another gangster's mouth in slow motion, the acting was weak, predictable and terribly inappropriate. That was when I knew the first of all, the action would be terrible. Camera fishing was amateur, and memorial scenes or scary images of a small sister's killer did not have any real distinctive effect. If it was scary, it was not. Everyone was an awful actor, and even for Hopper I did not feel my character and I really did not care too much about his relationship with his daughter. The last thing that bothered me most is the swat team. Once I saw the swat team in action, I finally thought something good. But I was wrong. The first of all, the entire SWAT team consisted of four boys. It is simply impossible. 2. apparently, the SWAT team has no training at all, because many times in the film they wear their HMA4 with one hand. If the killer were hiding by the staircase with the shotgun, these four idiots would be blown to pieces because they did not even look at or pay attention. They should both have their hands on the forward-facing weapons, but they seem to not take the job seriously and just circle. 3. SWAT team members do not shout commands like "Keep your eyes open, watch ourselves, we're good to go ... etc" They actually use hand signals or radio. But they literally yell at each other - how do you catch the killer when he hears you coming? And for the beginning, all these guys have no plans - apparently just running up and down and doing a wild chase in Turkey. Eventually nothing ends. It was the last straw. I am not an expert in special powers, but basically what I have just described is quite common sense. When the audience finds out that the movie is terrible, the action becomes a lifeblood of the film to a great extent - if you can not even try to make the action great, the movie is lost. <br /> <br /> I give two stars for the concept, but the rest can not be credited. To watch a criminal thriller, you do not have to bother with this. There are a lot of crimes in the movie - but it is lacking excitement.
