Antitrust law falls directly into the category of films that strive to achieve a great point while they are uplifted, but fall altogether. I hate the film, but there are no key elements such as tension. Other attempts were made to record movies about computers such as Hackers and The Net. Everyone is lacking. The unlikely termination of both the network and the anti-growth seems almost identical. These ends of the movie suffer from a major misconception: People in a computer business with this over-self that assumes that the entire population lives is a life expecting to hear the latest PC and software reports. I have worked for many companies and industries and it seems that everyone is suffering from an expanding view of their own importance, just like this movie. The way they plotted was a pathetic one. It turned out that Milo, who is fatally allergic to sesame seeds, almost swallowed one of the restaurants that had gone stupid. Only his "girlfriend" prevented him in a certain death. It makes one wonder how Milo could survive as long as he did, braving the danger of Big Mac buns and Sesame Seed breadsticks as they cloak as well .... Sesame Seed breadsticks and Big Mac buns. <br /> <br /> The antitrust also does not provide much tension. Sample and predictable plot fences are easily recognizable long before they are revealed (came, someone was really impressed when Yee Jee Tso was killed?), And thus destroyed any real value of shock. And here's another movie / story where the guys are chasing good guys at the end of the game to get a "disk". We need to have a moratorium on this land Simple Simon plot for about 20 years. Still, I pressed. Perhaps the end will be paid, but not. A totally ridiculous end where we have the head of a security company, another supposed evil man, turn around and be a good man who allows Mil to reduce NU.R.General Director Gary Winston was ridiculous. And, of course, the news of Gary Winston's arrest is much worse than if Hinckley or Oswald were forced into custody. Gary Winston, starring Tim Robbins, is a cardboard splash of the same character that Robbins played at Arlington Road. But this is perfectly suited to Antitrust, which should be called "Anticlimactic" or "Anti-Original". In the coming years, this movie is likely to be thrown out to show only on your local third UHF frequency channel.
