When I sat down to watch this movie, I really expected the story to lie in relatively complex issues. Using football as a trigger for complication was also an interesting approach. Still unfortunately, despite its courage to resolve disputed issues such as cultural clashes between Muslim and Western cultures, adding generational conflicts and prejudice to homosexuals / lesbians, it leads you towards a solution with a rather simplified relief of all tension, the film. This leads me to believe that the creators have taken a little too big a task to cope with themselves, trying to be deeper than they have managed to solve. This does not mean, however, that the film is bad, because it is a rendition of conflicts that are quite believable and also entertaining. The film succeeds in being entertaining and entertaining in this matter, but as mentioned above, it seems that the writers were filming a bit too deep. This led to some completely unrealistic character behavior at the end in order to face upcoming conflicts. Thanks to the ball at a time when the creators could really show brilliance when shooting the film to another level of recognition. Even if the movie does not really try to be a deep part of the drama at all times, the setup has so much potential in the schedule that it becomes disappointing when the "ball drops". In this way, the film moves from a good and repellent comedy to a standard cliché that becomes ridiculous at its happy end. Nothing in Hollywood is like an end. So even if the story is impressive and one can boast a lot of montage, one can not help but turn his eyes towards resolution. Personally I was close to screaming "finish already!" on the screen. There was some decent acting in the movie, and two young high school figures had some good times. So did parents and other bi-characters. However, the handsome Irish trainer was an embarrassing piece of acting that allows the film to get realistic. He did not seem to feel very well, but rather joined his good deeds, which makes the imminent conflict between the girls seem a bit tense. The film I give 4 because it was filming the story and looking for a nice view of access to this topic. The screenplay and cast have many good believable characters that give audiences a chance to recognize themselves and others. If it was not disappointing, it would be easy to give a movie 7 or 8. If you enjoyed this film, I would recommend the film "East is East" which, in my view, is just as good if not a better performance of cultural conflicts as well as fun and engaging .
