My girlfriend has a habit of going to Blockbuster and choosing movies that nobody has ever heard of. It is true that sometimes it has led to entertaining discoveries. Often times, the best thing to say is that it is definitely running an hour and a half. She brought home "Caterpillar Advice". She was excited because the box said it was funny. Fortunately, propaganda on the boxes is never for us. This film was a practice of patience. This is one of those movies where, if you are not a demanding and shallow person who likes watching movies about yourself, you will hate every figure in the movie. Until the introduction of one nice figure. Which excuses the fiery demanding character and acts so that someone in the real world would be taken away. <br /> <br /> MILD SPOILERS HERE <br /> <br /> So many emotionally useless, attractive, demanding artists swear love and look for success in their careers. Then they meet a pleasant, intelligent, emotionally mature and nice figure (almost perfect guy). Then we look at the woman, a uglyly picky artist (in her 30s?) Scared when she falls in love. She tries to escape from a loving, intelligent, emotionally mature man and stay with a married man with whom she has great but empty sex. She is cruel to a man and does everything in her power to turn him off. In the real world it would be quite successful. I definitely wanted to run away from her and I did not even have a relationship with her! Although it's nice that the man fought for his love, I never wanted to marry him. (Neither my girlfriend) She did not deserve it. And why am I wondering that the director thinks that the "almost perfect guy" should be punished by having to get a relationship with her? When the artist asked the "almost perfect guy" to leave, we screamed at him to leave. There is a problem with movies when the movie hero is so annoying, childish and silly that you want it to fail. Besides, let me say that Andy Dick laughed me a few times, although his character was also honest to harassment. As for the other characters, they were good players, morally bankrupt and poisonous figures. It's a comedy, and I can say I laughed a few times in the movie. Unfortunately, a lot of laughter did not happen until the last 10 minutes or so. But when I had the laughs, I prayed for the film to end for too long. I needed to get those unnecessary characters from my life. If you want to watch people you hate to fight with love for people they do not deserve, then it's the film for you.
