I saw a trailer for this film several months before its release, and MAN, it looked scary, especially as this film was based on a real phenomenon. I was incredibly interested, and I thought it might be a decent movie about horror / thriller after years if it was crap. You know how movie trailers make a movie look better than it is: perhaps by showing all the spooky parts or overriding some elements. The ads for the movie made both, which led to my final disappointment. In no case is it "the most disturbing film in years". Hell, I doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that release that week. This movie takes the whole "fact-based" thing too far. This movie was not a complete crap. I have to admit that it was an interest, and Micheal Keaton was believable as a person who sought answers by supernatural means. In addition, this film is one big cliché. After the death of his wife John, he learns about the EEP, which sends the voices of the dead to everyday electronic devices. He suddenly receives news from his wife! My God! It's not just his wife who gets to him, they're more dead people. Gee, imagine it. A film about helping the dead. Come on, give me a break! The cliché does not end there. There is also a mandatory trick that stops at the same time, and each of the three evil spirits that threaten our hero. Not only was the film cliché, it was not mysterious. The movie has literally two jump scenes and the two scenes are almost identical. The end is terrible as it leaves the WIDE OPEN door to continue. There is also a final message with a message saying that only 1 of the X voices heard through the EVP threatens, with a nice happy melody. The way to break the mood, you. Jeez! Finally, if you want another forgotten horror movie, look at White Noise. The only reasons I could think anyone would watch this movie is that either they are a fan of Keaton or they are interested in EVP. Of course, aspects of ERA may be somewhat interesting, but I do not like my film concepts being thrown into my throat and thrown into the face. This movie is trying to be scary, original and disturbing, but it's the opposite. You know you have a deceptive movie when the ad uses ghosts to talk about the movie. "THIS FILM IS NOT KNOWN MORE."
