John Rivers' life as an architect and a family man has changed to the worst when his wife disappeared and was closed after a gruesome accident that involved changing the tire to her car. During the days she missed, she would confront the man who followed him and tell him that his contact with his dead wife was on the other side through E.V.P - Electronic Voice. Naturally, they do not believe it, but then they hear special phone calls from the phone, so they connect with him to learn more about E.V.P. Soon John is addicted to it, but something supernatural does not like to interfere with the dead, because now other than contacting his wife, white noise predict events before it happens. Because this DVD has been sitting on my shelves for some time, I thought I should better get around to watch it because it was not my copy. But then again I do not think the owners rush to get them back because they did not question me about it. Oh, okay. So I decided to give the game because I was in a low mood. After I heard and read the bad print on him, I did not expect anything out of the good, but they enjoyed me for 90 minutes. Well, more than 60 minutes, because the last half hour was a lot of confusion. The film is nowhere near as good as it may be, but time has waded fast enough, although it's a warm, supernatural thriller. I thought it was not all waste. For the first hour, I found some effective sequences rather interesting and there is a scary vow generated by the slow process of gentle silence and the tragedy that haunts you, but unfortunately it comes to the collapse that later appeared in the movie. Then the predictably forced frightened jumps go into their own and somehow just do not match the context. It becomes a rather hectic, loud and very confused MTV style and a kinetic camera that gets into action. I do not understand what's going on in a ruptured and sudden climax. The whole explanation of everything fitting into a bigger picture is purely hokey. This is a very unsatisfactory conclusion, because it is something big but it will hit the bottom. I thought they had great work with lighting and impressive camera until then. Other than sharply bright lighting, the score kept this film atmospherically gloomy. Everything is very handy done with its shiny and decorative hardware, making it very sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the film is in the technical fold, not in the expansion of the characters and the story. In this delicate material there is simply no connection and constant sentiment. After a while she will try too hard to convince you that she is getting into manipulative excitement and bursts into many blood collisions that are outside the grave. It's more like watching someone watching a fuzzy TV screen after a while. The E.V.P was the star of the show. Well, that had a bigger impact than limp performance. Michael Keaton is more than capable actor, but he has recently disappeared from the map and provides modest performance here as dangerously obsessed with John Rivers. It really deserves much better. Everyone else is pretty fragile and forgotten. Not because of the performance, but because of the lack of depth in their characters. This clonker was not bad, but it started to make a pear shape when I drastically dropped. <br /> <br /> I do not want to see it again and I would not recommend it unless you are interested in the subject and enjoy the recent Hollywood horror / thriller crops. It is just a pity that this overwhelmed film could not be put together successfully, as promised in his thought and more than a decent cast. I hated it, but it was disappointing.
