Absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. The story is ridiculous, the characters are poorly developed, and the assumption is irritatingly stupid. It all begins when Michael Keaton, the new of what makes nothing of Batman remarkable, loses his beautiful Annu's author's wife to a car accident, probably caused by driving one of those convertible VW bugs, even though she should be rich. In his grief, Batman moves to a new apartment and takes a hobby: he does not record anything and then looks at it. He learned from a really fat pathetic guy who had murdered three high shadows who lived on television. Pretty soon people will see the EVP or the electronic voice phenomenon, which is obviously the deal where dead people can send messages to the people through tape recorders, camcorders, cell phones ... DEAD! ... It must be ghosts Mhmmm, no other possible explanation, I would rather have fun with this without a doubt. "etc. Why can not they just write something on a piece of paper knocking some of the things to create creative pictograms is never explained But so far, Batman discovers that he really sees the future and decides to help this woman he does not know. at the time, because the tall boys come just after he left ("D * mn it! I can travel between the living and the dead using electronics, but I will go if we can be on time!" Am I the right guys? ). He watches this lady in the warehouse and finds out that the character from the first ten minutes of the movie (looks hard or missed!) He is actually a serial killer who works for three high shadow demons who, in the Raiders of the Lost Arcanum, collapse and kills him, they look like the cartoons they are. Just a few detectives will appear and rescue the lady. After the funeral of Batman, he decides to send a message from behind the grave and apologizes for his son for being an idiot, apparently thinking that the best way to protect the child from the horrors of EVP is to reveal him. A little kid smiles. Nothing of that buddy, even when his dad, Batman of course, starts talking to television stations. The highlight of the movie was when someone rang the phone and a man screamed, "It's Anna!"
