Frankenstein Monster (Wake Up, Ron Burgundy) is definitely not looking at the painful eyes (something you would ever like to watch twice ... maybe once.) More often non-relativity scenes in WURB are relevant third person narrators. Even more disturbing is that the characters in the WURB are in conflict with the versions we had at the end of Anchorman (in the introductory narration, WURB is said to take place shortly after the original.) At the end of Anchorman, Burgundy has grown from the beginning of the film and accepted that he has a hybrid co-anchor / lover. In this film he returned to his unusual anger with funny phone calls to Veronica (quite distinctly, they are more and more the same scenes from the original Anchorman entangled in WURB). The part that makes this film a constantly evolving story involves a clan that gets rid of banknotes without a cause called the Alarm Clock. These scenes are almost painful to sit down. This section was removed from the original scripts for Anchorman. <br /> <br /> Most other scenes into which our Channel 4 news team is clearly altered / deleted accept the scenes from Anchorman. They are going to the same party as the original, same original "team that talks about having a woman on the team," and the same segment of fashion cats that Veronica has objected to reporting. Burgundy will re-create its first date with a driveway overlooking San Diego and a dinner at its favorite Tinos club. Neither person will mention that they are on the spot before Burgundy returns to Tinos and Veronica, and she will introduce her as if they were never before. And they wear the same outfit as they were on their original date. Still, I have to give creators some credit - even though WURB is nothing but a clever way of presenting deleted scenes associated with narration. Among the two stories of Ron Burgundy - that's the weaker one. If we look back on it, it's true for Anthorman that he came from the ash of WURB. You stay elegant, IMDb. Thanks for stopping.
