This movie is not interesting, except for the first ten minutes. The pace and editing are the perfect introduction to the set, even better than Gosford Park. Then it inexplicably slows down, loses focus, and begins to remind the traditional French film just to regain a concentration with the love affair between Antoine (Depardieu) and Cécile (Deneuve). There are too many edges and free ends of the story in the middle, several running threads are not finished. ******* SPOILERS AHEAD The main story is the relationship between Antoine and Cécile. He was faithful to her after her relationship with her many years ago, despite her recollection and founding home in Morocco. As a builder he is now restoring his own life and recovering his mask of Cécile's marriage. After being buried after a fatal accident (literally), she became a coma. He will only wake up after burning his old picture as a sign that he has reconciled with the past and could begin to re-start correctly. ******* SPOILS CONTACT <br /> <br /> It remains unclear what vision the director wants to see because there are a lot of other stories: Illegal immigrants want to enter Europe, there is frequent radio broadcasting information about the overthrow of the former regime. Cécile's baby is bisexual, and after meeting his boyfriend the dogs are taken (loyalty) while the girl he lives with seems to be sick (about that?). Her sister is a traditional Islam and enters into a relationship with Cécile's husband. It portrays Morocco as unnecessary back, despite all the buildings in which the strange colonial vision is shining, it almost celebrates the past. It expresses Islam as being behind and vulnerable to extremism, which may sometimes be true, but certainly not in general. Finally, it can best be described as adding some local environment and pouring it. Deneuve and Depardieu are great. They are so familiar with this material that they can stretch something in every scene: eyebrow lifting, body language, radiant pride, clumsy behavior. The film itself is disappointing and confirms only the limited role of French film in the world. Of course, with some exceptions.
