This is one of the worst B slashers I've ever seen in my life. Finally, it's something you have to see. The movie begins with Harry standing and Philippe standing standing on the stairs where their mother watched their father descend into the chimney and dressed in Santa's suit. He gives gifts under the tree, eats biscuits and milk and then goes back to the chimney. Phillip goes to bed, but Harry just goes to find his father dressed in a Santa suit that sexually pleased his mother. Then Harry walked up the stairs, smashed the snowball, grabbed the glass, and sliced. Then you go for a gift. You see Harry. He is a lonely man sleeping in Santa's suit and looking at young children through a pair of telescopes. She has two books. One book for good children and the other for bad kids. She writes everything she does in these books. The guy's creeping. She also works at the Jolly Dream toy factory. His brother Phillip has a family and two children and lives in a nice house. When Harry finds out that his boss is interested in profits, he goes and collects all the toys and supplies them to several children. Then he travels to the church and kills four people. Then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree. Children catch him, but they go back to bed. So, Harry goes to the bedroom and kills his father and leaves. When he goes to the house, some children see him and run to him. Parents are nervous and try to get their children to come back to them so they do not hurt. How do they know Harry is a killer? Sure, you have to be suspicious, because you never know who it can be. Harry gives gifts to children and the father pulls the switch blade in an attempt to stab him in front of the children. When Harry runs out, the burghers shine on torches and follow him to kill him. He does not even know he's a killer. When Harry arrives at his brother's house, his brother and he has little talk, and Phillip strangles him. It loses consciousness only. Phillip put Harry back in the van. When Harry wakes up, he leaves. The end is something I could not believe. Once again, you will have to believe it. <br /> <br /> One thing that occurred to me was black Santa. That's right, the man in the Santa suit that they saw was a white man. So why did they bring a black man? Jump over and see Silent Night Deadly Night and Santa's Slay. You will get the money that is worth seeing these two movies. They are better than a pile of rubbish! I give this movie one star out of ten. I wish I gave him 0 stars because this is the movie he deserves.
