Stewart Kane (Gabriel Byrne, VANITY FAIR) performs with local fishing friends Jindabyne, Australia for a weekend of rest, recreation and relaxation. But when Stewart discovered the body of an indigenous woman who was floating face down in the river, things seemed to be the worst. The biggest victim of the weekend is male intelligence. He does not step out of the gorge and instead finishes his fishing weekend with big catches. Then they set off and report the body. City and man's lives quickly change into a mess. Local media are rotating and accusations of indigenous prejudice come from local natives. Stewart's wife Claire (Laura Linney, EXORCISM EMILY ROSE) feels deeper in the meaning of what her husband and his friends did but must fight him through his mental illness. In the midst of this chaos is the life that this young woman was now a media spectacle fractured at the morgue. Her murder and subsequent escape into the water are symbolic of what lies beneath the city of Jindabyne: the division of men and women, black and white, social and devastated. The only people who seem to understand some of what is happening are two young children: Stewart's and Claire's son, who is about half of the Aussie breed that was also killed a few years ago. Does the young girl live with her grandparents and try to leave her mother as best as possible and the discovery of a new body seems? strangely? the way to do this (again assuming the underlying stream of Jindabyne). Everything and everyone in this town Jindabyne feels what is hidden beneath its surface but none of them want to dive into dark water and look around (symbolism here is seen when a nearby lake is used for recreation and bathing, it contains the old town of Jindabyne under its surface). None, that is, until Claire leaves them. The movie is interesting if it's a bit complicated. There are too many stories they need to explore and just do not; too many loose fibers. The game was fine, but shooting was terrible. Wobbly cameras, grainy or dark shots and only generalized negligence hurt the overall production. I like symbolic films, NORTHFORK is one of my best favorites in this vein. But Jindaby needed to tip her head over cloudy water to see her own problems, which just did not happen.
