This is not an art, it's an inner-city, politically correct propaganda! In other words, political intolerance is out of necessity ... it does not see people as individuals but rather as members of categories. This is the most patronizing offensive Australian movie I can ever remember (and it's up against some pretty stiff competition!). The film news, every comforting theme of the beloved fashion left is there: Natives are victims; white men are violence or alcoholics; white women are not that bad - especially if they are lesbians - but have the most likely depressive nature. The four men who left fishing will find the body of a murdered woman (Aboriginal, naturally) and leave her in the river for several days while they catch the trout. It is a special decision that was adopted almost without discussion, as if men were animals. One guy who looks around briefly is kind ... we know that because he lives with a bisexual woman - he likes to keep his baby a lot - and eventually moves to a more modest coastal place (away from all these Bexian animals) <br /> < br /> This is a movie created by fashionable urban planners living in fear of the Australian landscape and those wicked wrinkles who live inside. It's the ignorance of rural life, it's almost as shocking as his contempt. The film is shot by a distant view of Bush, which is predestined by pretentious music. It is finally clear that indigenous people are the only ones in this country. It closes with an unbearably unlikely black-and-white reconciliation scene. In Jindabyne, rural life is shrinking to something more than the background of the story, implicitly claiming the superiority of the values ​​of enlightened leftist towns by the inhabitants of other Australians. This film was not filmed with real-life people, but was funded by the government film finance corporation. It is a product of an artistic ensemble that has a soulless empty space populated by beautiful people for whom rich government funding supports these patronized offensive projects (which are as much as possible from real life), unlike the actual movies that people really want to see . It does not matter whether the film is furious but still paid. <br /> <br /> Save yourself time, avoid it as a plague. More crazy social commentary than real fun, this movie deserves Mr.!
