This movie is really scary. Unfortunately, not for reasons the filmmakers would like. <br /> <br /> There is also a serial killer, but it is also not scary. It's just your standard villain of the comic book, the cross between Hannibal Lec and Freddie Kruger, though nothing fresh to join them. By the way, even for the poorest and most righteous criminals, they can be held in a tense position, legs, hands pulled 24 hours a week? I think that everything is possible in the world that Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo Bay gave us. Well, what's really scary about this movie is a central figure, Danny. This unassuming young man, assisted and unconscious, that this is true by some ridiculously lax security measures, and a doctor who is totally busy with the concept of professional ethics or patient confidentiality goes into a hospital room that can only be labeled as a very vulnerable and vulnerable young woman, and on the basis of nothing at all (her chronic sleep prevents him from giving anything like informed consent), he thinks he has a special relationship with him. It seems within a few days (quite falsely, as we can see) that she is able to care for her more than anyone else, and within a few minutes of her return to her apartment she is sexually annoying even though she is (again because of her sleepiness) totally incapable of agreeing or resisting. Our suspicion of the feeling that this link is soon confirmed. Of course, she is more or less able to create adult adult relationships, let alone sexual relations, and instead falls back to this essentially infantilized woman who, due to her constant sleep, has a mental age that corresponds to life for only a few years. The ice cream scene is a particularly furious and fragile conscious look that gives him, when he is excited to say he will have to clean it again, causing a strange bang of horror. Again, however, I fear that the filmmakers were hoping that it was not the horror of ghosts, but a much more direct cowardly resistance. We can all see clearly what's at the end of our forks - it's a perfect dream of pedophiles about innocence, sexual harmony, and total dependence. Terrible, terrible, terrible. What else do we have in this Mass? Twisted dreaming is not as good as del Toro. Obligatory Obligation "You have to go to the police" where the leader always has the reason why he does not, although it is the only meaningful procedure. Automatic sequences, much praise in the comments here, though completely and utterly useless ("It does not serve any function!", As Sigourney Weaver unforgettably protested in Galaxy Quest) and looked at me just like Abominable Doctor Phibes rehashed in one of the Saw's derivatives. <br /> <br /> Jeffrey Combs is doing the best, so it's a star and a couple, because you have to keep a lower score for movies that are even worse than this, and in general it's good, shot and competent execution.
