New York, I love you or rather you have to be called Manhattan, I love when I look at my people, sometimes love, is a fine example of the difference between telling the story and telling the situation. In this case, let's look at the two segments in the movie where Ethan Hawke lights a cigarette for a woman on the street and continues an interview with an unpleasant sexy discussion, and another with Orlando Bloom, who is attempting to film a distrustful request from his director to read two Dostoyevsky books. While the other is not a great story, it is something that has a beginning, middle and end, how the composer tries to score, gets Dostoyevsky's lap and eventually gets some help (and perhaps something more) from the girl he talked with as a link between and the director. The Ethan Hawke scene is not like anything, and it feels like a fluke added or directed by a filmmaker who calls it (or even Hawke's combo of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites). /> <br /> What is to doubt the film overall is to see a few stories that work really well against one or two possible 'stories' and then the other situations that unfold that are created to connect or overlap with (bits involving Bradley Coopera, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia, James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.). It's not so much that the movie set is virtually always in Manhattan and not in New York City in Queens, on a state island or in the Bronx (even Harlem or Washington Heights), and it lacks great diversity because there is some. It is a lack of imagination that he was in J'taime in Paris, in better or worse. In most cases, he has little in common with New York, with the exception of relaying, and in the worst (Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf) it's incomprehensible at a level that is frightening. So basically wait for the TV and try to immerse yourself in the movie, for three scenes: the above-mentioned Bloom / Christina Ricci, which is charming; Brett Ratner's controlled segment (yes, X-Men 3 Brett Ratner) with a very entertaining story of a teenage girl in a wheelchair on a ball, just to make a big turn; and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman as an adorable pretty old couple are going to Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything else may be missing, even the director's debut Natalie Portman and the return of Brother Hughes (only one, Allan) to the screen. The mixed bag makes it easy: it's like searching a bag of mixed nuts full of peanut peanuts to find a couple of crunchy almonds.
