I've always been somewhat impressed with the original Joe Dante THE HOWLING (1981)? so I did not have any special interest in checking any of his sequels; some time ago I caught HOWLING III: MARSUPIALS (1987)? the same director as this one? and found it observable, but nothing special. But the second installment has a bad enough crowd, and did I know I was looking at it well? if he tried to look into the expensive, but pompous horror icon of Christopher Lee, who brightened in his heart (a star with a charming age, several times repeated in the interviews, said he had not taken part in the horror-oriented schedule from his last picture for Hammer Films in 1976!). Anyway, this movie should have the headlines "Your film is turd"? be incredibly awkward in all departments (starting with all the important werewolves)! <br /> <br /> The story (and dialogue) is not only terrible but has the closest connection to Dante's movie? strangely enough, the author of this original novel Gary Brandner himself wrote himself! Still, one of the undeniable peaks (er ... low points) of the movie is a purposeless elliptic editing? who is trying to give the whole appearance of appearance, but only serves to highlight his embarrassment factor! Likewise the fake (and grid) are hokey transitions between scenes, Indian punk rock song song and cheap cheap effects at the top! <br /> <br /> And what about the characters, then?: Lee is a werewolf expert, naturally, who everyone thinks crackpot? until they come into contact with monsters, that's it; At least, however, one must admire creative inventiveness (or stomach) in creating silly subtitles with dual meaning! By the way, Sybil Danning (like Stirba, Werewolf Bitch - a subtitle known to the UK!) Is quite interesting in the assortment of outrageous S & M ... but her character has practically nothing to do (except for the presidency of her supporters' taste and engage in an occasional cheerful 3-way lycantrope sex!); whose two grumbling lieutenants (one of whom are a terrifying black girl) are particularly irritating. Aiding Lee on the side of the good are two yuppie heroes (he was the character brother Dee Wallace of the first film and she is her colleague) and a tattered guerrilla group of Transylvanians (they still managed to easily overcome the small werewolves!). Notable among them is the dwarf, who throws a knife, which has a particularly unpleasant (but at the same time lateral split) extinction; later revived, under the direction of Stirby, to attract Lee (making childish scams after him by all the villages) trapped. The second scene must be a career advance for a prominent and impressive actor? Well, either this or an early sequence in a disco where Lee is making a pair of ultra cool sunglasses so it will appear inconspicuous between the young parties! Finally, if I were forced to mention the elements that were not entirely dissatisfied, I think I could say that the Kosovian set (in which the heroine is to be sacrificed) is interesting, or that a hybrid werewolf / bat (Danning's pet, "body" his victims) is too strange than to be contemptuous ...
