Ugly shot, badly written, and amateurish sequel to Joe Danten's Classics from 1981. "The Howling" is one of two or three good werewolves ever produced, yet it has been rewarded with a series of irreversible and disproportionate sequels such as this one. If there is any consolation, "Stirba" is just a sequel to the title and there is no connection with the characters or events that were introduced in Dante's film. Does the story revolve around the bloodthirsty cult of Transylvanian werewolves? especially women? headed by Stirba. Stirba plays Sybil Danning, who turns from a crooked old lady to a blond superbabe (with an impressive lobster) for a moment, and with sexual arousal becomes hairy. Her arc-enemy plays seemingly fatigued by Christopher Lee. His character? Stefan Crosscoe ?? is an occult investigator who travels to Stirby's kingdom accompanied by an American twin who has lost his friend a werewolf cult. If you're looking for a dirty gore and an incompetent nudity ... it's your movie. Even the smallest killing is shown in great detail, and we are even cured for exploding eyeballs and the nasty dwarf image that is pierced on a pointed fence. However, if you want a little cloth or depth, you will be very disappointed. Dialogues are embarrassing and there is absolutely no tension that would not be found anywhere. The screenwriters constantly obscure werewolves with vampires (transylvanian environment, garlic, wooden poles ...), and the beautiful Danning balcony is ruthlessly exploited as the only trick of the film. During the final credits he repeatedly shot a shot in which he ripped from her top (according to my reviewer Dr. Gore, not less than seventeen times!), Which is quite pathetic and useless. Music is fine and some sceneries are rather beautiful. I'm talking about wild sightseeing sculptures during the initial credits and dark dungeons of Stirb's Castle. Director Philippe Mora is a huge mess and? when it comes to me? his only useful film remains "The Beast Within", released three years earlier.
