From the moment Christopher Lee puts on a couple of punk sunglasses and tries to get into the punk rock club, you know you have hands on your hands! This movie had the potential. Underneath all sludges there are remnants of what could have been made into a decent film, if not interesting. However, the final product is a real mess. In addition to naked nudity and some very attractive women, Howling II becomes a sad excuse for horror film. Christopher Lee gives him credibility, but he can not even lift him above the bustle. He has never seen any of the other films in this series, this critic will be forced to accept on the face that this is the real continuation of the events in the first part. We begin at the funeral for one of the characters from the original and in the first ten minutes we find ourselves in Transylvania with a small group of heroes ready to fight against one werewolf wolf. The movie moves quite well and there are not many dead spots. The action is there; it just is not filmed well. One bright spot is the punk band called Babel. Even though their song is played quite often, it is quite catchy. <br /> <br /> Problems with this movie are great. At first, acting is worse than pitiful. Christopher Lee is good enough, but that's over. Both of them cause Reb Brown and Annie McEnroe to miss almost everything you want for such characters. The scripture is pitiful, redundant and amateur. There are a few nice effect effects, but they cheat far apart. Sybil Danning is nice to look at, but her performance is less than satisfying. Judd Omen looks at the role he plays, but his voice and acting are incomprehensible. Most of the dialogue is in an incomprehensible language that may or may not be Latin. <br /> <br /> I like the general idea of ​​the story. I always enjoy stories about real believers who fight for the seemingly invincible forces of evil. One scene where a small group of good guys cross the dark forest and down a lot of werewolves is even exciting. Species. Perhaps a larger budget or a better director could make the rest of the film a bit more convincing. 3 out of 10 stars The Hound <br /> <br /> Side note: Since this writing, censorship on youtube.com has not yet ended the end credits with Sybil Danning ripping it out several times while playing Babel! Grab it until you can do it!
