The Howling II begins because it means continuing with the bizarre and surrealist Christopher Lee narrative, whose image is stored over a moving starfield, and for some reason a skeleton appears. He says that "it is written that the inhabitants of Earth have drunk their blood." And I saw how he sipped her on a furry animal, and she raised a golden challis full of dirty fornication, and on the forehead it was written, behold, I am a magnificent Mother # of an unsustainable word I could not do no matter how many times I was rewinding the tape I'm sorry, I'm sorry, and all Earth's abominations. "This introductory narrative does not mean anything, and it's just bizarre.With the initial credits that are set through the shots of Transylvanian architecture, we get headlines on the screen that tell us we're in Los Angeles , California in the USA The City of Angels, "I knew I had a long 86 minutes, probably not long after the events of the original Howling (1981) and the funeral of Karen White," said Stephen Stephen, (Christopher Lee), who says that Karen is a werewolf and that he returns to life, Ben refuses such nonsense, but together with one of her friends and colleagues Jenny (Annie McEnroe) attends Stephen in his house, Stefan tells them about werewolves and how they can be killed, mentioning Sybil Danning, the queen of werewolves. Stefan also shows them a photograph taken at Karen's wife Mariana (Marsha A. Hunt) and is an extremely cruel and dangerous werewolf that Karen wants. Stephen says that hells will be planted in the heart with titanium. Ben realizes Stephen means that he and Karen sign herself as well as Jenny travels to the cemetery where his sister crypt stops Stefan. However, many werewolves rise and attack Stefan, Ben and Jenny. They survive the attack and find out that Stirba is in Transylvania. Everyone decides to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her werewolves from taking over the Earth by filling the centuries old curse. Once they travel to Vlkava, meaning "where the wolves live", they meet a local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and his small but faithful group of werewolf lovers, what can I call them? Oh, and also a dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) will help. They watch Mary hoping to lead them to Stirby. Stirba, however, knows about the arrival of Stephen and has Ben and Jenny for him. Will Stefan be able to end Stirb's plans for world domination? Will this movie be even more bizarre or unreal? Watch it and find out. Directed by Philippe Mora, it's a special stimulus for the film. It's badly modified because some sequences jump incoherently. The only big problem is the scenario by Robert Sano and Gary Brandner based on his novel, which is everywhere in place and makes no sense or introduces us to any proper characters we like. Fortunately, it moves like a rocket and is never boring or boring, unlike the original. Something strange or bizarre is always happening to entertain the audience. Most people probably hate it, but for those of us who like 'bad' movies, it's the best. There are werewolves of orgies that are just strange to watch. We've got a cool werewolf who kills weapons. Sets and places are far from appearing, and I do not know if it was actually shot in Transylvania but it does not look what I thought it would be the seventies. Stirba's castle is part of the dungeon, part of the Gothic castle and part of a modern luxury house. Stirba and her costume suits are very above average, Stirba wears clothes that appear to belong to the S / M video, and to be fair, it looks quite sexy and her wardrobe also wears scaly leather clothes. Special make-up effects range from good to poor, dwarf eyes explode, someone has a hand torn and the priest has some creature to emerge from his mouth, but it is not a film loaded with gore, although there is plenty of sequence effect with the transformation of werewolves and attacks. There is a lot of nudity, just as Stirba and her guides are real ranks of werewolves! I should also mention the music, the soundtrack is dominated by the terrible rock music I hated, and I ended up reducing the volume. The effects are faint and what on Earth did Christopher Lee think about when he received this film? I wonder what he thinks. Basically, the whole thing is a real mess, but I found it a very funny mess. I could not recommend, but kept me to the end. When we talk about the end credits going through what appear to be erased scenes and cut shots, it also contains the same shot Sybil Danning, who takes her clothes and reveals her breasts more than 20 times! If it's your thing.
