I will have to give a dissenting comment here. Various reviews I've read this film compared to those by Wong Kar Wai or Hou Hsiao-hsien. this is one of the admirable fleets in Mandarin goodies that have come to us in recent years. Unfortunately, this is not quite accurate. The film rather resembles an attempt by a graduate of a film school to imitate these masters. All the pieces are there - beautiful background, vague minimalist dialogue, slow swaying cameraman and male lead, especially who spent a nice time sitting around the contemplative. Sounds good, but unfortunately nothing is up to par. Dialogue is leading. The effect is generally not able to lift the characters above the type; married couple and little sister are especially poor and uninteresting. Unfortunately, when the average behavior is combined with the classic "Chekov" (ie very predictable) conspiracy, the results are at best painful and at worst painful. I could not help, but I saw, for example, the river "Blue Danube" as it approaches the genre parody (although the smoggy-looking "spring" sky over the river gave a bit of black humor ...) this film based on the fact that Mark Li Ping photographed. While the setting is an elegant and swaying camera trying to replicate the mood of "Flowers of Shanghai," the film is not in the same league visually. In fact, I have to admit that after an hour of thinking about whether it was script or acting that destroyed the movie, I suddenly remembered that I wanted to meet my roommate for dinner and got a chance to leave (and I can not remember the last movie from which I left). I guess from reviews that the end can leave a positive scent, but at this point I could not care. If you would like to see something similar to real talent, then I would recommend something from the two directors mentioned above, such as "In Mood for Love" or "Flowers of Shanghai", both of which were filmed by talented Mr. Ping (formerly with Chris Doyle) so perfect to inspire years of unsuccessful emulations. It's not often when Mr. Hoberman got out of the way, and you might want to listen to him, but do not say you have not been warned. Craig. <br /> <br />
