This is the first of William Shakespeare's Complete Dramatic Creation, the BBC series I've seen, and if all of them are like that, I can not look. To be the full text of the game is all this "Romeo & Julie" that is missing in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff reveals himself as a terrible director, both technically and artistically. In the first case, because he made mistakes, he even wisely avoided the student of the first year of the film. Take into account, for example, the poorly adapted first shot of Abraham and Balthasar in the opening scene, or the sister entered into the Friar Lawrence cell and asked where Romeo was with him so he could see it even if she was blind. And in the second, because each artist is misdirected, even though some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks exactly the way I always imagined Julie looks, and she does not seem to be a bad actress for a teenager, but her performance is totally lacking in passion of any kind. Patrick Ryecart as Romeo is even worse, is not only as boring as Julie, but also too old and even nice looking like the combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chuck Doll. To put together it is impossible to think that they feel something for themselves, let alone to be the main players of the greatest love story ever written. Alan Rickman plays Tybalt on screen as if he were Darth Vader, which is a huge mistake that takes away the complexity that Shakespeare intended without being a hero or a villain, but all the wrong human beings. This Tybalt is so scary that we do not believe the sympathy of his characters after his extinction. As far as Paris is concerned, I've been thinking about Prince Valium from the Space Ball. Only Celia Johnson can manage the character of her sister by some kind of justice. <br /> <br /> In 168 minutes, this production can not give us the character, because the characters do not know each other and never see that they believe in their own roles. The best version of the screen is still Franco Zeffirelli. But to be fair, this BBC is not as bad as an abomination, like the glamorous geriatric version of George Cukor, or a crime against humanity, which is Baz Luhrmann's feature-length MTV video. 4/10.
