Superficially, Brigadoon is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincent Minnelli, a team behind the "American in Paris," gathered for a number of great craftsmen and women for their previous collaboration. The female front girl is Cyd Charisse, one of the best cinema dancers of the 40's and 50's, and unlike the generally excellent "It's always fair weather." This film gave them a chance not only for one but also for two dances. Lerner and Loewe were an ascending team for such future hits as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli have already demonstrated their bloody joint juices to the excellent "American in Paris". What happened later? Why is the film so stupid? Minnelli himself did not want to make a film, despite his previous warm, artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Maybe it was because the congenital conservatism of the film was just a little too much for MGM than two steps ahead and Vincent Minnelli a step back. But as soon as he was about to do this task, as the Brigadoon residents were trapped within their city boundaries, Minnelli tried to transform him into something that would be entertaining, although not relaxing. The end result is really terrible when I look. <br /> <br /> While focusing on the naive spell of past Minnelli hits such as Cabin in the Sky and Meet Me in St. Louis, the pantyhose that wears the inhabitants of Brigádoon can not conjure up any of the illusive nostalgia of those who, which have never been. His whimsiness does not even match the glossy shine of "Yolanda and the Thief" or "The Pirate" because it seems that alpine settings are too specific for such exotic fantasies and too general for real human emotions. The only people in Brigadoon with whom we can at least learn are the rude man trying to escape and the unfortunate colleague-traveler who played Van Johnson, who accidentally shot him. General proceedings in the Brigádoon district are too mysterious and provincial, even though they are attributed to the backward form of Christianity: they seem to be positively pagan in their aspect. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadouna, the honest and most often "good" priest of the city sacrificed his place in the allegedly blessed sanctuary. At one point, we are assured that "they are all looking for their brigade." It is enough to say that the cash desk for this picture confirms its own suspicion that most of us are not looking for such a kind of quaint paradise. The assumption itself is ridiculous and almost insultingly patronizing, but it could work if the players were perfect. But Kelly is most patronizing in the movie and Charisse is a terrible miscast as a virgin optimist like Lucille Bremer was a miscastast in "Yolanda and Thief". Van Johnson makes his best version of the classic Oscar Levant sidekick to Kelly (even lighting 3 cigarettes in one place as the Levant in "AIP"), and he provides many fun moments. But something in itself tells if the best part of a big budget extravagance with all the best talents of MGM is the vanquished Van Johnson's performance.
