I often do not feel forced to give negative criticism to the film; after all, I feel the maximum, "if you have nothing good to say, do not say it at all," would be a good advice for many people who listen to everyday people who like something we like. If it's all the same for you readers, even though I feel forced to point out that with the exception of Christopher Walken in a returning role as Gabriel this film is pathetic HORRID. I told you I pre-warn you that even though you are a fan of Walken's supplies and styles, or you liked the original Prophecy, you would be painfully lost. If you buy it, you will return it. If you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents. What's wrong with this movie? The complete list would take too long to read and tear you in, but a brief summary would be the following: A rather crystalline, clear picture of the relationship between the angels and the dead people of the first film is torn to pieces. Gabriel turned away from the rather morbid right hand of God he once was (and in this role is WICKEDLY funny in the first), just a little more than just for heaven. Since Walken is so good at playing hard stuff (we all remember Frank White from "King of New York"), he is still a pleasant but supportive actor, an undeniable and unconvincing confusion of mortals and angels who could not buy a trace of 50 awards. If you can find out that you are a smarter man than I am. One person feels that we were aimlessly wandering from scene to scene just to move the film to another big Walken line. By the end of the movie, you really want to blow your horn and Jericho walls fall on the people who have caused this natural disaster. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line - It's an insult to our news that they are making the sequel to this movie in the first place. The original told the true story, answered the questions that were to be, and left the ones you wanted to think later on. There are no compelling reasons to follow the characters who were in the first - the priest who lost faith, a little girl who kept a "big secret," a teacher who protected her children - Lucifer himself was more interesting than the first film other characters in the sequel together. I apologize for anyone who sees this film and not the first because it will probably never want to watch the original and it's a real tragedy.
