Everyone knows that the original "Prophecy" of Gregory Widen did not really require a sequel, but you do not even need the science rocket science hanging over your chimney to realize that further investment in this profitable horror concept was inevitable. Part two is a very prototypical example of continuing live video, which means that a creative and intricate conspiracy of the original is simplified a lot in favor of more actions, more humorous one-off and more mysterious religious sceneries. The only good news is that the producers managed to keep Christopher Walken behind Gabriel's role and added another incredibly robust performance that immediately justifies the cost of renting. If Walken's performance (and perhaps a couple of supporting players such as Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig) were concerned, "Prophecy II" would surely disappear in oblivion right after his release. The film begins by Gabriel literally jumping out of hell and continuing the ongoing war of heaven here on earth. The purpose of this battle is to prevent the birth of a baby sister Valerie Rosales (Jennifer Beals). You see that her unborn child is the first hybrid between the heavenly angel and the earthly "monkey," and the birth of such a superior creature would mean the fall of Gabriel's evil domination. As in the first film, he is also engaged in a suicide assistant who helps him and hunts Valerie all the way to Eden for final settlement. "Prophecy II" is a perfect and sometimes even fun movie if you do not compare it with the original and until you can overlook punch holes and errors in continuity. Whenever the story becomes too lengthy, the producers will fortunately get the almost brilliant moment of Christopher Walken to turn you off. His interactions with the rebel Izzy, and especially his ignorance of modern earth technologies, often bring useful and unforgettable sequences. On a slightly extraordinary note, I often felt like the "Prophecy II" ambitions look similar to "Terminator II"? Gabriel's resurrection looked a bit like a teleportation of a futuristic cyborg, and the location in Eden, where the last battle takes place, looks very similar to the steel factory, where Terminator II ended. Random, I think? Overall, this is a minor and successful sequel, but it's still worth seeing if you're a fan of Christopher Walken's unique charismatic charisma (and who is not?).
