This is one of those horrible moves where twenty people seize the dark art around the campfire and get into a pile of trouble. A portal containing the world of demons known as the Kelipot of Sitra Achra was opened by a man whose daughter, Summer, is kidnapped by something to take in. Summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identity is never revealed to fight demons monsters. This is part of the conspiracy that is conditioned by exploration. Anyway, the three wannabe witches who went to high school together, Renea, the most enthusiastic, serious practitioner in dark art and her lesbian cohorts, Jasmine and Marlene (... it's a more or less foolish way with them), teamed up with their friends, Jason and Ricky, on a trip to the wilderness where the summer ended ten years ago. By opening the portal through the spoken text written in the old book, the demon is liberated, just like the summer, now a fighter whose training has led to a very decent and athletic body and skills that were needed to divert the monsters of another world. <br /> <br /> The low budget contains an exhilarating but ambitious story that limits it to a limited environment. These young adults spend a lot of time in the woods, hoping they will not feed for the animal. As it may be in these films, the demon stands on the edge, while the story evolves when Summer tries to remember how everything happened while taking Jason to help her recover the lost time. The action is shot mostly in the dark, making it hard to decrypt any violence. Brigitte Kingsley (and the rest of the female cast) is a mighty charming eye candy dressed up as a female Conan, a beautiful body that we have to delight to watch from the moment it pops up until the movie closes. Some lesbianism (some kissing and cuddling) and nudity spice pretty things, and the cast seems to have fun with the goofy plot ... it's so absurd that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material. <br /> <br /> <br /> </ p> <p> It might be interesting to have played together as a "group of captains of brave Christians" (real name Jason Reso) "World War I" as a saving alter ego like chickens that trembles at the sound of the coming tree. Landy Cannon is liked as an unlikely hero, Jason, a milostruck, a naive young man whose former fiancé Jasmine (Vanessa James) is now bisexual and loves Marlene (Jasmine's cruelty in playing with Jason's feelings by hiding her affair with Marlene of his knowledge), while Ricky and Renea are trying to turn away from this idea that they can resurrect the dead flame that has come out, never to ignite again. The Kelpite demon is mostly dark-lit, I think he will refrain from what looks absurd / ridiculous if presented in full. Lesbian heroes Jasmine and Marlene (Haley Shannon) are mostly twisted, their love, once in the forest against the tree, is tinted down and also lit by the darkness of the night. My rating is a little bit favorable to him, just because of Kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than plotting or filming. The aim of the film is pleasure and sells to boys (and to girls who love hot women). I think, for the most part, humor is somewhat equal.
