This is definitely a special way to promote the film on which he relied heavily. And it seems to be a suicide on the part of the studio, given that (1) The races between the cast were well known long before the release of the film. (2) Disputes between producer (Robert Fryer) and director (Michael Sarne) were also well known. (3) Casting did not make any secrets about their contempt for the film and did it publicly at every occasion, with everyday newsletters from the set of gleefully reported columnist columnists everywhere. A (4) Author, Gore Vidal hated practically from the first day. However, this note only sums it up. Raquel Welch gives a decent performance like Myra and she looks nice, besides. John Huston is very entertaining as Buck Loner, a former cowboy star who leads a fake acting academy. Mae West naturally rewrote her part to suit her, and is great as "oversexed" (and that is, in a nutshell) "Talent Agent" Leticia Van Allen. After she had long waited for a good vehicle to come back to, she was definitely telling her how she eventually ended up in this mess. "Tom Selleck is one of her" "clients." John Carradine and Jim Backus, as well as doctors, also coincide briefly: Rex Reed as Myron, Farrah Fawcett, and Roger Herren as the victims of Myra / Myron's sexual passion they are not here or there, the same applies to a scenario that not only focuses on the basic chart of the book, but seems to lead at the same time at least three different directions: although the western part was originally larger, at the time Sarne underwent modification, turned out to be a part of the roll, and partly because of that it seems to be in a different film: it seems that at some point the producers realized that Mae would be a great filmmaker and that they could not replace most of her filmed footage, driving it back to the scene at the end shooting a second of her two songs, both of which come from nothing. The Sarne device used throwing in old movie clips of past stars to highlight what doing what he does, does not work at all. At the time of the film closure, all the tired viewer can think of what it all has been to hell. Not surprisingly, almost everyone who has joined the production felt the same way and died at the box office. The technically flawless DVD includes, among other things, separate comments from Welche and Sarne, each of whom has completely different views on what has happened wrong. There is no doubt that home video re-release was called 2001 "Vanity Fair" "a piece that (in great detail) attempted to do the same. It is true that the structure of the novel brought an adaptation to the screen of a dubious intention, but with Sarne on the rudders what, of course, was "tortured" production, it really did not have a chance.
