(In this overview, I will point to the point where many begin.) My dissatisfaction is divided: 30% thick, 70% lingering writing. 30%: I agree with the first commentator's comment on the lack of diversity in attitudes and the extent of stories. I was surprised how this film at best spoils the real NYC by showing a collection of people and relationships so close to me as if it was just occupying the cast of Gossip Girl (it comes from someone who likes the gossip Girl). Several minority characters are written in stories, but they are included in the duties as we see the toothed objects under the movies so clearly, we try to "be diverse" but they are still so short. <br /> <br /> 70% is the reason why everything is inadequate. All characters, white and several minor tokens, are one-dimensional, cardboard cutouts of people. Even worse, their interactions are written in such a way that for every visual in the movie, the audience treats what I say is "gag": we get basic conceit, then some puncins want to be a smart twist. But even if we stopped cynism for a moment, "Okay, it was a surprise" ... the stories are still not so interesting, because they too are shallow. When you narrate stories so their existence depends exclusively on unexpected ends, you write jokes. <br /> <br /> Spoilers below ... <br /> <br /> The film is mostly trying to tell romantic stories. It's alright. But romance is amazing, deep, sometimes complicated. These "romantic" stories include a girl and boys who have the same place at some point and look at each other. The exchange of words, thoughts are projected in a voice, but they also only manage to tell the viewer only that one person is attracted to another. The meaning that there is no seduction (in the broader sense), no tension, no confrontation, no communion between the will of two different people who try to reconcile their existence to adapt to the Second. The only story, including superficial "seduction," is said only to end the surprise that the guy (Ethan Hawke) is surprised by the girl he's hit and who unexpectedly turns out to be a prostitute. Sure, his words when you try to pick it up is interesting to hear and we have fun as if we were next to them but this story has nothing to do with "And then B". So it develops if something like postcards can "unfold" with all the other stories as well: And then B - That's it, the only one is that it happened "on a set" in Manhattan. By the way, the only Brooklyn we see is a sketch of Coney Island; only Queens is a flashing train ride, taken by a character who travels to the village of West. <br /> <br /> It is easy to choose movies that play in all common stereotypes of race, sex, sexual orientation and soon. New York, I love you, however, it deserves to be subject to stricter controls due to its name. We expect to see real New York and real New Yorkers, but instead we showed the selected demographic segment before us, its characters flown from The OC and several others to see it as if we were paying attention to diversity. But when we look more closely at who these characters are, the whole shame of shame becomes an insult to the very concept of diversity and ethnic groups and cultures that the film does not shamefully represent. For example, a story with a Latino man with a little white girl in a park who is mistaken by two ladies as her manny when she is actually a father. Regardless of the fact that the last part of this part was unnecessary from a dramatic and constructive point of view (it would be much more interesting to end it when the mother and boyfriend / stepfather leaves the girl away) is frankly disgusting that the scene where we learn, that the father of the girl is Latino ALSO must inform us that she is a sexually desirable dancer. What, Dad can not be just a man from South America? Now, when it's obviously hot, is the audience better prepared to accept that she has a middle-class and a high-class child with a white woman? Are we so naive we need that? As if a Mexican construction worker was obviously too uncomfortable. It's not my place to dictate where the film should go. But in every possible arrangement and plot of conspiracy the shouting of the status quo is appealing to security. All of these stories could have been more interesting, even if we were forced to maintain the one-dimensionality of the characters that inhabit them, at least by not choosing from standard and obvious stereotypes. Asian girl living in Chinatown, staring at the old white guy? How the Asian Cougar is watching a child of a white college. Again, I'm not saying the whole mood has to be changed. That is all. hell. story. is so hackneyed - and therefore they give nothing about why one could love New York outside the trite. The real way to improve the movie should be a written script that is worth reading. I admit the soundtrack, the good stimulation of the movie (though, well, the excavator) and the general feeling of many scenes. The movie was fine to sit down and I would not deny it. However, it says the most notable honorable non-superficial is when an old opera singer says (paraphrased) "That's what I like about New York: everyone is from another place." Well, you would not know if he was watching this.
