Anyone who knows me remotely can tell you that I love bad movies almost as much as I love those wonderful and I can honestly say that I have finally seen one of the everyday legendary bad movies: almost an indescribable mess that is MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. Adapting the best-selling book by Gore Vidal (later refusing this movie version), the star occupied by MYRA BRINKINRIDGE is really a movie so bad that it remains bizarrely entertaining from start to finish. The film, titled X on Sexual Changes and Hollywood, was an absolute disaster at the box office and was literally released from the screen by both critics and audiences at the time of his release. It is no surprise that the film gained an almost legendary cultural status among the bad movie lovers and I was really excited to see it for the first time. Director Michael Sarne (who had only two other former director credits in his name at that time) has done a lot of flack for the finished film, and frankly, it really does not seem to have a clue as to what he is trying to achieve. The film is often discontinuous and the sequences are treated together in half the danger that many scenes become almost incomprehensible. Also irritating is the use of archive footage from Fox movie jewels and their regular binding to the picture. This means that the archive recordings of past movie stars such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple have attracted new sexual scenes into new film scenes, and the process just does not work the way it was intended (it also caused smaller riots like actors such as Temple and Loretta Young, sued the studios for using their painting without permission). Perhaps Sarne is not the only one to blame, because the screenplay and casting of the movie will make many audiences head disbelieving. For example, this film will ask you to believe that critical film critic Rex Reed (in his first and last major role in the movie) could have sex and go out as a beautiful sexual goddess Raquel Welch ?! The film becomes very difficult to follow when Welch as Myra tries to take a film school from her grumpy uncle (starring legendary filmmaker John Huston), directs female filmmakers (Farrah Fawcett) and teaches school (Roger Herren) a lesson by rape with strap-on dildo. Did everyone follow it? <br /> <br /> And that's even better (or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have to mention the movie star: the legendary sexual symbol of the nineties, Mae West! Mrs. West was at the age of 77 when she appeared in this movie (26 years old she retired) and seemed to be a terrible sexual symbol because she plays a talented agent who has pretty men (including the young man Tom Selleck) who came to her. As if it was not bad enough, the deaf West really is going out with two newly written songs about half the movie and I think I could suffer permanent brain damage when I listened to them! <br /> <br /> Naturally none of this is much like what a reasonable person would call "good," but I would give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 out of 10 because she was always morbidly fun though I had no idea what should he do to hell. Also, most actors are really trying hard. In particular, Raquel appears to be such a hell of transforming her badly written part into something meaningful that she can make a movie for watching herself. If she only worked with a decent screenplay and a capable director, she might eventually get some respect for the critics. The remaining part of the cast is also fine. It's great John Huston (who really had to manage the picture), has some funny moments, Rex Reed is not bad for the bad guys and Farrah Fawcett is nice fresh and nice. Roger Herren is also fine, but after that he has never appeared in another film (I think he just could not live like a guy who was a rape by Raquel Welch). And as one could guess from the above description, Mae West was completely out of her mind when she agreed with this movie - but that is part of what makes it fun for those of us who love bad cinema.
