I watched that last night and amazed me that Fox had spent so much money on it and got so little back on his investment. It is a kind of disaster that must be seen to be believed. I'm sure the first morning filming of Raquel Welch brushed the shelf over the fireplace to prepare a place for the academic prize she would definitely win this bravely original film. Oops. It was not what happened. <br /> <br /> Infiltration on the orchard was detailed by Rex Reed, and it helped the film get a reputation before it was even released. When it was finally released, it was not the usual circular circus of publicity. If I remember well, I opened in Houston at the entrances and neighboring theaters, and I never played a big place. Most of the blame I'm putting on director Michael Sarna, who was hot after he directed (not all good) JOANNA, a movie about music for young people in swinging fashion in London. When I remember correctly, Fox ran out and fired him and combined the film as best he could. This is why scenes play in no particular sequence and the characters appear and then disappear. (Kathleen Freeman, Jim Backus, John Carradine, Andy Devine and others) are unnecessarily useless. <br /> <br /> To extend it to length, you will find many clips of Fox films that include stars such as Carmen Miranda (in stunning shots of GANG'S ALL HERE) and Laurel and Hardy who never dreamed of playing in the movie about X. Rating X is due to the occasional language of multiple sexual perversion; However, it seems that none of the characters have any fun. Perhaps somebody involved in the film had scattered Puritan sensitivity and realized that if these things were inappropriate, it would not be wrong to exploit them. It was one of the "young" paintings that nearly collapsed Hollywood in the 1970s. One writer joked that the EASY RIDER (which was made for pocket exchange) was the most expensive film ever made, because so many films followed that tried and failed the worst way to duplicate their success. Sixty, sometimes honored, directors such as Stanley Kramer and Otto Preminger made films like RPM and SKIDOO in an effort to attract young audiences. White directors and writers have been trying to make films that attract black audiences. These films are locked somewhere in the vault, and the two names and many others of this genre never, as best I know, were out on home video or cable. It's a deep dark secret of study. <br /> <br /> The performance of Raquel Welch in this matter is very good. The sorts of liberated women Rosiland Russel and Barbara Stanwyck, who specialized, could play in the right direction and scenario. She looks great and has great costumes. Mae West is the seventh most active actress I've ever seen. On the one hand, it's a bit hearty to watch her attempt to capture her glory from past years, but I'm sure she needs money. If you want to see the big budget of the X-rated movie from this era, look outside the vali down (also from Fox) because it does not take seriously. These are crazy kids playing with a big studio facility. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is trying to say something. There was no one who wanted to listen.
