Rarely after the theater release in 1970, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE became the slogan for film debacles of legendary proportions. Now it's finally on DVD in an unexpectedly nice package, it's unlikely that it wins a big audience today like when it was first released. Gore Vidal's bestseller in 1968 was a dark satirical statement. Most filmmakers felt that the novel story, structure, and overall tone should not be translated into film, and industry scientists were surprised when the 20th century Fox not only acquired the rights, but also hired Vidala to adapt her novel to the screen. But the directors of the studio soon had cold feet: Vidal's adaptations were repeatedly rejected, and the novelist, writer-director Michael Sarne, who brought the film to the screen, was brought up. Study leaders hoped Sarne would get to the youth market they saw as a target for the film, but Sarne showed even more synchrone with material than the leader himself. Overwritten after overwriting followed. The evil, perceived disaster has become increasingly militant. In her DVD commentary star Raquel Welch says she rarely had any idea of ​​what Myra is motivating from scene to stage or even in one scene alone, and that each person seemed to be doing a completely different film. In the accompanying documentary "Back Story," Rex Reed says MYRA BRECKINRIDGE was a movie created by a group of people hiding in their dressing rooms while waiting for their lawyers to return the call. The accuracy of these notes is demonstrated by the film itself. The basics of Vidal's story are there, but not only that the story has been stripped of all the wider implications, it does not seem to make sense in itself. Everything runs out in many ways, nothing will come together, and many scenes undermine any logic that previous scenes could have. And while director Sarne repeatedly states in his commentary that he wanted to make the film as a pure farce, only the laughs generated were random. The main one of these accidents is Mae West. True, the West was unexpectedly well preserved in appearance and lost its way without a single line-but it does not happen to be in its seventies, and it is convinced that it is still the most northern trick in boots that is extremely disturbing. But worse, indeed, is the fact that the West is out of its era. Her attempt to translate into a crazy and acting person has resulted in one of the most thrilling autocaricatures ever seen on the film. The remaining cast is largely unnecessary. Raquel Welch, a remarkably underestimated actress, plays Myra's lead role very much like a Barbie on steroids; non-actor Rex Reed is unexpectedly acting in the role of Myron, but the whole role is essentially oblivious. Only John Huston and actors John Carradine, Jim Backus, William Hopper, and Andy Devine do not do any harm. Yes, it's really a debacle, everyone who's interested in the movie is going to be afraid: fast when it should be slow, slow when it should be fast, tirelessly dysfunctional from start to finish. It is true that director Sarne has a sometimes inspired idea - just like using film clips from Shirley Temple to Judy Garland to create a counterpoint to action - but overall, whenever Sarne was presented with a choice of doing something that seems to be he did wrong. How and why it is clear in Sarne's voice commentary. Sarne did not like the novel, or basically the subject in general. He did not want to write a script, but he needed money; he definitely did not want to drive a movie, but he needs money. It is very clear that he did not like the author Gore Vidal and Rex Reed (at one point argues that Reed "is not a nice person"), and still believes that Vidal and Reed work in tandem to sabotage the movie because he refused to play in their "homosexual agenda" - which, when you get to it, it seems to be a desire to Sarne really made Vidalův novel rather than his own strangely imagined takeoff on it. <br /> <br /> <br /> Although komentárního spend a lot of time, stating that the film is widely popular gay community, Sarne never completely do not understand the appeal of the film for a gay audience results from its absurdly inaccurate representation of gay people. While shooting with the film itself, Sarne appears as something more than a little homophobic - and frankly the worst choice of writers and directors that could have been made for this project. Sarne and Welche's comments and document creation, the release of the DVD includes several trailers and two versions of the film: the version of the "Theatrical Version" and the "Restored" version. The only difference between the two is that the last scene in the "restored" version was printed in black and white. The edits made before the movie came into the general release were not restored but a document of what they were. The widescreen transmission of both is extremely good and the sound is pretty good. But to finish where I started it is really a movie that will be most interested in film stories, movie fans and cult fans. I give her three of the five stars for herself, but everyone else should go around. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Reviewer
