MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of those rare films that instantly gained their place in the film. The praise of the film was absolutely nonexistent, even from the people who participated in it. This movie has been disgusted since the first day. While sometimes someone meets someone who will praise the film on a philosophical basis (aggressive feminism or the courage to deal with transgenderism), the film did not create a cult, as some notorious flops do. He is not considered an incomprehensible masterpiece like SCARFACE, or has redeemed to ridicule like a classic camp like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> No doubt the reason is that the movie, though terribly horrible, is not nice or even sympathetic. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is simply reasonable. Hollywood satire is a cold-blooded and dirty but hollow senseless path. MYRA considers Hollywood to be a corrupt city, but goes on to attack such beloved icons as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. The film seems to suggest that everything about Hollywood is in itself a shameful one. He seems to think there is something courageous about mocking sacred cows, but in the first place he does not give a reason to mock. The film is also truly anti-American and unlawful and anti-this and anti-it, but all in superficial, late-60s. years, trends. Just like CASINO ROYALE; SKI DOO; I love you, ALICE B. TOKLAS and other future hip-epos, MYRA is a high school vision of hippy-dippy youth culture. They are trying to adopt the same attitude that gets worse. Instead of cheering MYRA cheerfully, she did not try to hide her contempt for what was in his grasp. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a thick humor; there is no single moment of innocence. His intentions are not honest. TIME magazine is conveniently described as "as fun as a child cripple", but it is not as sympathetic. For example, Poor Mae West has had the mainstream criticism of the film, which is described as everything from an aging drag queen to a reanimated walk. The octospider star apparently did not know how ridiculous she seemed to be playing as a crazy talent agent who wanted men young enough to become her grandchildren or even praprachy. But director Michael Sarne had to know it, but he had used it as well. Why? Because it was obviously a joke. Like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine, and other veterans in the movie, there's just a way for the film to make fun of their age and use them to waste the film. They are cast as crazy autoparodias, just like Rex Reed, an arrogant, fey film critic who is cast as in the movie. But real Reed, the star of glory, blasting, gossip, can be charmingly incomprehensible; but like Myron, Myra's alter ego, it's just a resistance. Again, apparently for Sarne, Reed is a joke. You watch MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you do not see the actors, you see the victims. Nothing more than Raquel Welch. No one will ever blame Welche for being a great actress, but it is a testimony to her tenacity and her appeal to survive this film and her career prosper. In almost every scene, Welch's front and center as a target for film-based abuse, but for remarkable performances, is remarkably nuanced. Yet, of course, amidst the scenery chewing Huston and almost catatonic west, Welch does not have to do much to achieve a good balance. Even so does her horribly inactive dialogue with a smirk of smirk, just a hint of self-righteous joy that would make some bad guy James Bond proud. Legend has it that Welch was fascinated by the worshiped West and exposed to repeated verbal abuse on stage by the modest director Sarn, not to mention that he appeared in one degrading scene after another, which was even more remarkable that she was able to give cool and gathered performance. The film is just an interesting element trying to find out what a movie program is. The whole story is a fantastic fable that should indicate that it has moral to add, but what it might be is to guess. With all his talk about how to destroy the "last remnants of the traces of traditional masculinity" from the race, he seems to have a feminist ax to crush. But as a feminist, Myra is a monstrous figure, a sexual predator. Besides, Myra is not a woman, it is rather the illusion of Myron, who is probably a homosexual man. This could explain the scene of male rape as well as the attitude of love and hatred of the figure to the seemingly straight, dead Rusty hero but does not explain his obsession with allegedly lesbian attempt with Farouh Fawcett Mary Ann. The film is obsessed with sex but can hardly be accused of being in favor of the sexual revolution; all sexes are considered, if not dirty, than at least perverted and degrading. Turning back on the original novel by Gore Vidal will not help because it is just as puzzled and useless as a movie. And that's a rare movie that seems to hate films. Not just movies like business, but also films as part of culture. The film itself is a mysterious link to old movies that all director-scriptwriter Sarne approaches with cruel contempt. He stretched the film vault of the 20th century and made a movie with excerpts of old films, not as a homage, or to provide a social commentary, but ridiculed the innocence of old Hollywood. How can an artist - if he generously want to call Sarne - make a work of art if he already hates the medium in which he works? The effort itself is entirely self-sufficient. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE seems to be nothing but nasty. She hates Hollywood, hates America, hates sex, hates homosexuals and equality, and women and men and old people and young people, and Laurel and Hardy, and you name it and probably has a scene that despises it. In a very sad and sad way, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE can be the first punk show, celebrating the nihilism of pop culture.
