Craftsman Celeste acts as a representative of the London branch of Interpol 17, which specializes in (think) occult criminals. She's got a good eye, dangerous if someone else gets it. Office 17 captured a satanist from California, Hyde (unrelated to Doctor Jekyll). Detective Lucy Lutz of the LAPD flies to England to return him to the US. Lutz is a link to earlier witchcraft movies by Stephanie Beaton previously starred in Witchcraft 9. In Part 7, Lutz played another woman; At 6, Lutz was a man! <br /> <br /> The Lutz part of 9 was not terribly big, but it is one of the major stars in this. Although she stayed behind high heels and short skirts, she still has peaks revealed in this. And this time he has naked and sex scenes. Beaton is pretty nice in the role. <br /> <br /> As usual, there are plenty of sexual scenes. The anonymous club player has a fatal triple with two vampires, the Satanist and the main vampire pick up a bit, Lutz finds an English friend and Celeste and her girlfriends love. The main recurring character of Witch Spanner does not appear in this, although Lutz mentions it to Bureau 17 Dixon in a vampire interview. He also calls his partner with Detective Garner (parts 6, 7 and 9) even if he does not hear the end of his conversation. Hyde is released from prison by a group of vampires led by Raven, for Walpurgis' ritual, which has something to do with a bourgeois named Morsheba (I think). Hyde delivers all of his lines in a very flat way, while Raven overcame the camp. Battle scenes are horribly choreographic. <br /> <br /> The sound of the movie was pretty badly recorded and badly edited. In addition, some dialogue is lost under lush music or sirens. Cinematography is also not great. With a filmed movie and actually shot in the UK it was a bit new, at least for this series. Wendy Cooper is very good as Celeste; attractive, sure, but more importantly, he is probably the best actor in the movie (regardless of the scenarios of bad fighting). I am quite surprised that her filmography is so small. If XIV is sometimes witchcraft and I bet that it should be, they should bring her back, even though it means she's flying to California! Witchcraft X is available on its own, or on the DVD collection Hotter Than Hell along with witchcraft XI and two unrelated movies.
