I bought a 4-DVD DVD for $ 10 on my local Suncoast, which featured this movie and three other terrifying horrors (including its sequel to "Sorcery XI"). So, basically, I paid for this film a lower price of $ 2.50 if you're doing math. I can not say exactly that I was ripped off. I have something for horror horror movies, but that's the kind of waste that gives the basket a bad name. The budget could not have been higher than $ 1,000 (although it seemed to have spent a total of $ 1.50). I know it's a low-budget movie, but that's no excuse for a completely trouble-free camera. "Blood Cult", though not very good, was made at an extremely low budget and still had a fairly good camera and acting experience. Playing in this movie is a "no effort" definition, especially from a muscular fellow with the accent of Texas. Everyone is quite reading their lines off the page. You can take it figuratively or literally. I would not be surprised if the script was out of the camera while they played. I said before I never saw a bad English actor. This movie has a lot of bad ones. Although English movies are not always good, they seem to have at least a level of sophistication, which is why I do not see why an English or English volunteer would make a home video call like this one. Did Merchant Ivory keep your call? I usually think people are too hard for directors and actors. Even some of the worst movies in Hollywood have a certain level of professionalism in directorial, gaming and cinematographic departments. Even if you look at a movie like "Glitter," you can not honestly say it looks like the third scenario shot those scenes (even if the third scenario could write the script). I've seen home movies that are shot better than "Witchcraft X", and that's not exaggerated exaggeration. Even the gore is minimal because the filmmakers only have money to buy some fake blood for sale in Party City. No effort has been made in this movie - let's just summarize it. You get the picture. There is a lot of nudity, even if it does not save. I have to say, however, that a girl with red-orange hair, either naked or wearing whipping clothes all over the film, is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (out of 10)
