I saw this movie literally right after the book was finished, and maybe it was a neutral idea or very stupid. I think it was the second one. Above all, it was inaccurate in many small but important details. One of the first things I noticed was during Winston's everyday life in his work, interviews, eating in a cafe, etc. He feels free to look unhappy and to encourage views of people without great fear. One of the most important parts of the book was the fact that even in small activities it was virtually impossible to safely show even the hint of his real emotions on his face at any given time. It is also seen on scenes in the streets of proletarians. In Winston's book, he knew it was a great danger of going to wander there, and he was skeptical and frightened in every way. In the movie it does so often and without fear of losing an important sense of heavy surveillance and risk directly from the bat. Other minor inaccuracies included Winston, who hid his diary in the wall, yes, a very small change, but he asks what's the point of it? It was also the most unpleasant thing the director can do with the book, and that's morphing figures. But the big inaccuracies were far worse. First of all, one of the important parts of the book is that the Big Brother is a government based on intelligent but crude philosophy. It will skip in the movie and go straight to thinking that the government is driving Hitler technology. Which is true, in a sense, when directed to your face, but if it's all you get from Big brother, you really missed the point of the book. The scary thing about Big Brother is that he has some points for his philosophy. When O'Brien picks up on Winstons' mind in the Ministry of Love, LISTENING all that Winston says against the Big Brother. The fact that he listens to and advances in his philosophy is, in fact, what is most scary and interesting. Finally (carefully SPOILER forward) when Winston says he loves Big Brother, the scary thing is that you are not sure whether it's the mental beating and the torture that caused it, or the real power behind philosophy. I'm not saying that the philosophy of a big brother has points I like, but his intelligence and depth is what makes this book incredibly disturbing. Also, how could anyone feel any connection between Julia and Winston in the movie? It was terrible, without any connection. And where was O'Brien before he gave Winston's address? One of the things the book was carrying was Winstons thought of O'Brien before joining him. In the movie, they just jumped the gun. But it sums up why this movie was a terrible adaptation: because of its impossible NOT to jump weapon and morph characters in less than two hours. How could anyone think this movie is observable if it was less than two hours? The film requires at least 3 hours to capture some important moods and connections. Everything less is simply insignificant. <br /> <br /> If you loved the book and I think she really loved it, you will not approve this movie and it is likely that you already knew you would not. Because the book is inappropriate, and this film simply proves how impossible it is to become something decent in a small film. <br /> <br /> Two stars out of ten
