I did not really like the first movie "Cube". It was a good idea, but unpleasant acting and characters always did not like me very much. I did not know that there was a need to see his sequel, but when I heard that they were making a third film that would act as the predecessor of the original film. I was impressed and I thought she might fix some of the original problems and provide us with an unforgettable cast of characters. Well, I thought wrong. "Cube Zero" begins well enough to introduce us to two characters who have the task of watching and maintaining an endless maze of traps that affect people in the cube. The directors succeed in creating a sense of secrecy by setting up two men's everyday routines. This raises a number of questions about the reason why people are being sent there, and the real nature of those who conduct the entire operation. Everything is left exclusively to the viewer. The game was a bit weak, but the first half of the movie was moving pretty well. With the story going on, one of the two "observers" begins to create serious doubts about what he is doing. And later he decides to go and help a group of people imprisoned. Here is where everything starts to dissolve quickly into dull cheese. <br /> <br /> Posted by people running the Cube program, we are introduced to the character "Jax". Together with their two subjects they play the main reason why this film is unsuccessful. The beginning of "Jax" looks and speaks more like the third rated villain, taken directly from James Bond's movie, supplemented by the always "popular" glass eye, which itself destroys every atmosphere created by the relatively nice pace of the first half. What's more, it's starting to feel like a comedy rather than a serious movie. With some unbelievably frantic lines, the screenwriter was bored and did not care. The act itself degrades to the next level when the former "observer" meets the group in a nutshell. The whole interaction is painful when you are watching, just like everything else. <br /> <br /> Again, he does not do anything but the faint characters, the dialogue and the action "Cube Zero" is a waste of time for those looking for good horror.
