but "Cinderella" gets my voice, not only for the worst Disney princess movies, but for the worst film that society has done during Walt's life. Music is really pretty and the story deserves to be called "classic". What has failed in this movie are characters, especially the character of the title, which could be termed the "hero" in the weakest sense. <br /> <br /> After a short prologue, the audience will be introduced to Cinderella. In the morning he wakes up and sings "Dream is the wish your heart does." This establishes her as an idealist (and so deserves our sympathy). Unfortunately, the script gives us no idea what it is dreaming about. Freedom from her role as a servant? Respect for her family? Someone to talk except for mice and birds? In one song (cut off from the movie, but presented in the special features section of the last DVD), Cinderella denies her wish that many of her might be able to work more efficiently. You're going with a girlfriend! In short, Cinderella is a very subtle figure. She passively accepts the abuse of her half-breed families and escapes into her unspoken dreams. She only assures her when she reminds her stepmother that she is still a member of her family. She is given the permission to go to the ball if she completes her homework and finds something to wear, a symbolic gesture that is obviously absurd to all except, of course, Cinderella. Can anyone see Belle or Jasmine as such mat? If Cinderella is boring, her male counterpart is nothing but lifeless. Prince v Cinderella has no dialogue and almost no time on the screen. He does not give us any indication of whether he is a good man, he respects Cinderella or anything else. We only know 1) is a prince and 2) well dancing. Hell, even the Snow White prince had to sing at least a romantic song. Not only does this lack of development make romance less interesting, it makes Cinderella look like a social mountaineer or idiot, weakening its narrower popularity. Maybe he realizes how the main characters are boring, the animators have chosen the time to help them shoot the film, Cinderella's mice. Sure, these characters are fun. Even if comic reliefs steal a show from directors, let's say your story has some problems. Dinsey loves to report all his animated elements as "masterpieces". While many of them are, there are some who do not deserve this appeal in any way. Cinderella is a prime example of this.
