After releasing the Cube 2: Hypercube (2003) and escaping the alleged success of the original Cube (1998), director Ernie Barbarash has the freedom to bring the third part to the trilogy, the predecessor of Cube Zero. > <br /> Deep in the guts of the giant and facial institute, unknown time and place, two Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband) work with low-threshold operators and watch on monitors the behavior of people who were placed in a vast network of cubic chambers, some of which are equipped with death traps. He said that the people they observe are convicted criminals who chose this terrible and deadly test of lethal injection, these observers had no problem with their assignments until Wynn, a mathematical genius, discovered that one of the prisoners, a woman named Cassandra Stephanie Moore) never agreed to be inserted into the cube. Suddenly, they are aware that their "jobs" are not what they seem to be, and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted ... For those people who have seen and enjoyed the original cube, this Prequel is probably not going to fit you . It's not like the story has no potential; it's just that the first Cube movie never needed to expand. Stand alone, it's a pure little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and confidence about your own message. She was also carefully independent. The problem with Cube Zero is that it destroys some mystery of the original and tries to answer questions with more questions, but it really only results in fighting what it never needs to fix. What this new film about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and banality of evil are certainly good questions that should be raised, but it should probably be done on the basis of their own merits rather than as a continuation of a movie that did not have such desires. <br /> <br /> When it's said, the other features of the film, such as acting and conducting and writing, are not terrible. The film, similar to film noir like "Matrix" and "Dark City," is a sad, dark look and surely they managed to capture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube again. Unfortunately, for Barbarash, there are not enough positive features to store it.
