If you ever wanted to see a movie that emphasizes style over the essence, it's for you. For me Son de Mar is beautifully seen, but there is little precious substance if you do not forget that mawkish, melodramatic manipulative love is being treated for you. This may be one of those famous "cats" you've heard about. <br /> <br /> We are about half way through this movie before something really happens: Ulises (Jordi Molla) goes out to sea looking for tuna and does not return to leave his wife Martin (Leonor Watling) and son, to take care of themselves. Then, in the furious six minutes of the screen, they bury Ulisesa, Martina married again and her son grows into a middle childhood. This fast transposition is at least uncertain and very sloppy: after 40 minutes more or less hanging around, we suddenly get into a full-fledged melodrama, all in six minutes. I think this is called hostile trip stimulus. Five years later, Ulises (as in the ulysses superhero) got back to his "Penelope" (Watling) just to find out that he is married to Sierra (Eduard Fernandez), an inexplicably wealthy kid (what he does to make everything that dough?) That unexplainably holds crocodiles like pets. When Martina in great anger asks Ulisy about his absence, he tells her that she will sometimes take her to the island of Sumatra, and she will understand everything. And here's the thing: he DOESN "Take her to the island of Sumatra." The story just dies somewhere in the script, and he NEVER really explains where he is and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. they are looking at us at least half of the film, and I can only assume that director Bigas Luna wants us to fill in the story lines with the mystical tracks (fish, reptiles, sea) that he offers, thanks to stunning cinematography and breathtaking dialogue. "I'm sure Jordi Molla is a good actor, but I just could not buy his Ulises as any kind of hero (that's what Ulysses was originally to be)." With a damp sensuality burns about 2000 times a short clash of the same poetry from Virgil, and at any moment excites Martin for an explosive orgasm, the guy should be rented to revive the obsolete I'm sure Virgil will be overwhelmed, and it's often not what I understand. <br /> <br /> This poetic "device" is strongly identified in the film and I have no option but to assume that it is the change of sex of the famous "siren song" Ulysses (ie beautiful ladies who sing seductively to far sailors who were convicted if they responded to the siren's call). If this is the case with Bigas Luna, you can see this problem - it offers swirling symbolism when trying to capture and capture High Art. Again, it just does not work, at least in my eyes. Watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but he gives us a character that does not seem to be too intellectual or even romantic. It is up to me how desperately to fall in love with a guy who redeems the banner (as in the empty), sixty-year-old greasy hair that looks more like seaweed and one of the trendy potatoes of the 21st century " you know, four days of growth, no more, no less.) He thinks he's a dreamer man (I think) but his eyes suggest he might be more exposed to excessive exposure to the absurd scenario. <br /> <br /> But do not despair , this movie is a great view, do not try to attach the dots to red stripes or think about what you hear in the dialogue, in which you can lose a fast shift (especially in the first 40 minutes) and you really will not miss a lot.
