Steven Vasquez director and co-author with James Townsend, a star, this weird little drama as a horror with apparently very good ideas and intentions: making a gay movie that has a different story than the usual fare and makes a drama that wants to be judged by its merits as a thriller. So why does not it work? To begin with, the film loses its direction from the opening frame and moves aimlessly throughout the film, deadly set to a terrifying thriller, but turning to a satisfying audience who wants to see a naked encounter. Not that it's a bad thing: Certainly some of the movies that have been successful in Hollywood can certainly improve. The film also tries to talk about how the experiences of young men and women, relationships, broken parenthood, club scene with all the wild beasts that accompany such events - and murder. It's all a bit too much to get into a 96-minute movie. Devon (James Townsend) seems to be a successful child with a friendly girlfriend Jenna (Sarah Kelly), but has an eye for boys and visits a bar where she meets Brian (Alex Wilson) who went on the same journey and offered Devon service on level. Devon finally comes out and the mystery begins: the boy is missing in the neighborhood, Devon's stepfather psychologist Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) is not what she seems to be, and Devon's comforting mother Donna (Sonja Fisher) is thrown into the streets because of her new relationship. Doctor Tyler appears to be in a dark, bizarre work with an enraged detective Cunningham (Earl McDougle) who apparently investigates missing boys ... Devon collects his resources from his understanding of girlfriend Jenny and her friends, and together the group reveals the dark acts of Dr. Tyler and his detective assistant. And despite all this Donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy etc. Some actors are nice to the eye (and there is very little eye not to often examine!), But the level of action is always low. The only thing that we forgive that (and in some cases, it is just too poor to forgive) is the feeling of engagement of all those involved. Yes, it's a low-budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his business. But in the end, there is something that could be said to try to get the people involved to take homosexual film to a different level. Perhaps their next will be better polished. Grady Harp
