This movie really is, I mean, really upset. Its punches are so large that they can hide 30 foot dragons. Not to mention the dragon itself, which is inevitably the worst computer-generated picture ever to appear on the film. I mean, if you see something like that, you have to think, "Wow, somebody actually did the movie and then let go of it, whoever they are, I'm sure they will not work in the movie. so I was (reluctantly) the video The first thing that came up was the Lord of the Rings Trailer for Two Towers It was a very smart move and put this trailer on the video That justifies (I reluctantly) to give the movie one star, otherwise I would give it maybe the producers, although it is the stellar attraction of Dean Caine (I think that's how you write it), would make crowds of people (uh, into a video store that is) like in Hulk) supposed to) compensate what is the atrocity, what is the piece of cowboy film, and on the cover of the box we see the picture of our hero and the dragon, looks like a dragon just like the one in Dragonheart, or is it me, anyway, the dragon in the movie looks as a rejection from Gremlins 2, and has a CGI Nin tendon video game villain from the early 90s (maybe worse) Also not Dragons movement when pursuing its victims - it's the same F ## cking monotone movement - right foot, left foot, right foot left, house, house, DOM F # $ King DOOOOOM! This just makes me sick. Perhaps the filmmakers thought it was exciting and had the same effect as jaws. So why do not you have a Dragon POV shot? Either way, it was just funny, just like watching Weebl toon. Dean Cain gives a lot of confused views during the film (maybe his arrangement with the film's ending career). Do not expect Superman here. I first saw a trailer for this movie, I thought it was an add-on for the PS2 game. As for the story, it's so bad, my 5-year-old brother can come up with a better one if he is not convincingly trying to lie about why he's wrong in my room when I was not there. Oh, and I mentioned that I was F @ # KING Hated the people who made this incredibly crazy crazy crazy movies?
