... and not a good way. BASEketball is a waste of film in every direction. It is offensive to all senses. This does not necessarily bother me, I've seen a lot of bad movies, really bad movies, and I'll see them again. BASEketball, however, is a film of caliber where he regrets the loss of ninety minutes of his life. The reason why BASEketball offends is that she plays Trey Parker and Matt Stone in the movie they're writing. Any respect I have had for David Zucker has long exhausted. His recent spoof movies are a lazy mess that looks and feels like they were made by prescribing boys who have thrown themselves into penis jokes. "Airplane" was a revolutionary and very fun comedy and watched BASEketball, you'll be surprised to find that they were made by the same person. I have such respect for Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These men are the most amazing and smartest comedians in the mainstream of entertainment today. Their photos and the South Park episodes are just as relevant as they are funny. Every joke, even jokes, has intelligence. It is easy to forget that there is a mature way of approaching immaturity. I imagine that BASEketball is a great experience for them because they hate the film for all the right reasons. It's a stupid mess without feeling of dignity or class. Parker and Stone basically bathed. The film plays like a 90 minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been great actors. They were usable in their films. I can not really find a way to describe their performance in BASEketball, other than the fact that they feel they are spoofing a spoof of a spoofing spoof film. Each line is delivered so stupid. It's as if they were trying to make fun of the worst of these types of pictures, yet they are the same way. I remember the South Park episode, "How to Eat with the Paw," where Cartman sits in the cinema and looks at the gross comedy without any plot or credibility, except that it looks like Parker and Stone use the same voices they did in that scene for this whole picture. It's really sad. And yet that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest problem with the picture is that I'm sitting there because I knew Parker and Stone were consciously watching this piece of dirty script. I know that if they take over and overwrite it, it could be saved to the extent that it could be tracked. There is no sign that Zucker has improved the scenes. Parker and Stone are just a tool for a bad director. BASEketball has some funny concept, and I think Parker, especially if he would be allowed to accept the Zuckers' script, could do it in more detail. Instead we get the humor genre. Do not let BASEketball rent, you get the same laugh and you are looking at a group of students who joke
