I gave this film 5 out of pure regret. My intention is not to tear any bubble, because I saw how I made other comments that this film is much appreciated by many. Well, it is not worth praising, and I say it because I saw the original anime, Basilisk, and this film is deeply embarrassed. Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you may like it. It's nice for well-choreographed battles based on fantasy more than martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deepened. But the story is nothing like the original. Now I understand that when you convert anime / manga into a movie, you need to make some changes. I did not expect to see the wild characters come from the anime, although they have a well-established role, and some are really deep and well-designed. But I certainly did not expect to see enormous and ill-placed changes that essentially destroy the whole story. Characters that are dramatically and unethically crippled have changed into something the public may perhaps love more. For example, Oboro, who in the anime is a sweet, innocent girl, totally and completely in love with Gennosuke, becomes a vengeful leader of the clan in the movie. I enjoyed the woman becoming strong and avoiding the limitations she had given her (we are talking about Japan, the 17th century), but her mood swings are incredible and poorly written. Hotarubi, one of my favorite characters in the film but not known for her childish and sensitive nature, becomes a pitiful little girl who is not only madly in love as an anime but is a more or less worthless plot. I could go on as if Tenzen had done the worst and most dangerous figure in the anime, extremely weak and unattractive, or as Gennosuke, the leading figure, seems to be completely lost and confused, not to mention the FAIR again. The music is beautiful and the picture is amazing, which was expected from the Japanese film and I appreciate it. But do not look at it if you saw and enjoyed Basilisk because it's just hopeless. Basilisk, although based on fantasy, with elements of horror and mostly exaggerated, is beautiful and has much more depth in its characters, history, historical value and is, say, heartbreaking. Shinobi was a waste of time, and I could not believe that it continued after what was supposed to be the pinnacle. Unfortunately, I'm deeply pained to judge the film so sharply, but I recommend it to you. Please watch the anime or at least watch the movie first and then fix your picture of what Basilisk really is watching anime. Otherwise you will have a seizure when you realize how massacred it.
