It seems to be a shame that Greta Garbo ended her famous career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous matrimonial apology for mistaken identity. Based on the success of her first romantic comedy, the "Ninotchka" master Ernst Lubitsch (1939), where she was ideally occupied as a strict Russian ambassador. Garbo, with his lead husband Melvyn Douglas, met for a sitcom-level story, Karin Borg, an engineer from Jane's Ski, who had impulsively married Larry Blake when he was hurt. Once it is clear that work is his priority, Karin unwittingly decides to camouflage her sister Katherine's sister-in-law, who will test her husband's loyalty while back in Manhattan. It is surprising that this infamous 1941 lunge. was directed by George Cukor, who led Garbo to her biggest dramatic performance in 1937 "Camille," because it is an equally unrealizable vehicle that can be imagined for the legend of the screen. Only someone with a natural sense of easy and abusive behavior by Carole Lombard could get away from the shenanigans presented in the S.N. Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer. MGM's intention behind this comedy was to concentrate and Americanize Garbo's vision for a war audience that the students of the head felt they were not interested in the tragic characters they liked in the 1930s. Garbo, however, seems to be badly - mostly mostly as a fake party girl Katherine and especially compared to fellow professionals like Douglas and Constance Bennett as a romantic rival of Griselda. Joseph Ruttenberg tirelessly photographed, Garbo looks tired in many scenes and totally embarrassed in her dirty hairstyle for the chica-choca dance sequence. The story ends conventionally, but adding a lengthy physical sequence when Larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately resemble the death of Sonny Bono. Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare form at this point in their career) appear in comic support roles as Douglas's collaborators. This movie is not yet on the DVD and I would not consider it a priority for transmission because it is a curiosity in Garbo's otherwise legendary career. She was reportedly quite unfortunate during the shooting. I see why.
