Maybe you would be a little confused if you watch this stupidly created from the beginning because the list of credits Susan Dey as "Special guest star". Why would such a disposable MOW have a guest star? Well, if you hold on to it, you'll find that you are only a little different than Mrs Dey, who is circling in a flower bikini, when she discovers the house on the beach on the beach on which this imaginative name refers. Susan's Derrière is especially attractive when she shakes her camera while she teases and tickles her pseudo-unsympathetic brother in a slightly incense scene. Sadly, Susie and her anger fight for a lost battle: a crazy television that could put the bottom across the top was three years, so sweet prey has only a supportive role. In 1976, Freddy Silverman puts it on the right side and used it as a Susanin audiocassette for "Charlie's Angels". As it is, our Susan was denied a ceremony of immortality and had to settle for a very praiseworthy career in dark, neurotic women. The view behind Susan's heinie must be said, not too convincing. The scenery is nice and it's photographed in a bizarre, foggy way that makes you short when you think there may be some special creative intelligence behind the camera. No way. It's just a typically thrilling 70-year-old thriller that allowed creators to make weekly serial stars make some extra money (and collect some cable remnants, though they did not know it at that time) and show off their "range." "Here we treated a telecommunication nuclear family that opposed television criminals who can not decide whether they are a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (and so the creators split the difference by putting them in dune strollers) and never learned one of the major television lessons of the 1970s: Do not try Dennis Weaver (see "McCloud" and "Duel.") The only potential for depth in this film lies with the above-mentioned teenage son Steve who plays the long forgotten Kristoffer Tabori to be rebellious and worried and feel compassion and attraction to the ungodly crowd that (probably) threatens his family. But Steve, as played by Tabori (God, why did not we see more of this wunderkind?), He is just grumpy and moody and not a bit contradictory , when Big D begins to be serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. For Sleep and Susan D eyniacs (there must be some of you).
