When you play this movie on TV, you may want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. There is nothing special about what you need to see. The story is about two married couples from Arkansas who are riding along with Reno. The number one is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene (Natasha Richardson) and she has a low self-esteem and they have not been intimately long. Lonnie slept with Candy (Charlize Theron), the wife of her best friend, Roy Kirkendall (Patrick Swayze). Everyone goes to Rena and four of them stay in one luxury suite. Roy and Candy try to have a baby and eventually Candy finds she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds it sterile. Candy and Lonnie admit their affairs, and now the whole trip is in chaos. This film is directed by Jordan Brady and made several other low-budget films, but he is the first to occupy this impressive film. Unfortunately, Brady does not show much comic taste, but you can not blame him for all. This script is not just fun, and one of the most serious problems is that all the characters are written at the sitcom level. Just because they are all in the South does not mean they have to be naive and idiot. Thornton's character does not have the sophistication of tipping out more than just a dollar. And the figure Swayze is stupid and stupid throughout the movie, and one of those rare good times comes when he asks everyone to release him for at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute, and she is utterly worthless and useless portraits. Hardly speaking more than 3 or 4 lines! I think he has fulfilled the duty of Harvey and Bob Weinstein, who are executive producers for this film. The only person who is not really bad is Richardson. We watch her self-confidence, but this plot in the film is very obvious and cliché. All of these actors should know better and it's hard to realize that everyone read the script and liked them. It's a complete waste of time for these actors, but at least they paid for them. As far as the audience is concerned, you will not get paid, so leave it out!
