(David H. Steinberg), it seemed to have at first some real clever points that could make a good romantic comedy, but BUT, dear! What ever happened in the way ??? !!!! <br /> <br /> I will tell you what happened. Originally it was (Animal House - 1978) and (Porky's - 1982). Though it was long ago, but these are pioneers, the godfathers of the new genre: the gross teen comedy. Then came the nineties. After important occasions that have become smash hits (repulsive ones) such as The Nutty Professor (1996) and (There's Something About Mary 1998) you think people are affected, it was the peak of the era and the next prophet era, only: (American Pie - 1999), which is undoubtedly and incomparably the icon of the genre. Then I think every comedy of this kind was extremely dirty, tuned and unpleasant to admire her, otherwise it might be out of the way! I believe that (Slackers) a clever plot first as a script, then its creators had to add some real large amounts of: roughness, dirtiness, strangely defamatory sex being made - at that time - as easy as a pie! Just like they had to fill every scene with free elements such as: masturbation, oral sex, urinating, etc. Just to look at the mode. These are completely unnecessary elements of the story, but they are surely needed to make a profit and catch the latest fashion when shooting comedies. The problem is how it all replaced a possible comedy. Some of her moments looked really awesome, and that, as you can see, is the thing. It's all in (Jason Schwartzman) appearance and performance; unforgettably disgusting. So the ambition has changed from the fact that the romantic comedy does what previously was not done from purely downloaded pictures. To be more like a horror where you ask all the time; what would happen? (vomiting, farting, etc.); these are the easiest combinations to create a comedy today. <br /> <br /> Although you hated her, you have to love something (mostly because it is courageous), it was just Gin Gerson's scene for me. In any case, they suggested it as a whole to make them outraged for a resentment like a teenage, rude dream. Though most of them were close to no nightmare. What made me sad is that these kernels were a real potential work and not another cheap, another stupid comedy that eventually succeeded. Remember the details of the theft trial (the first 2 minutes), so the film's main movie (strangely trying to get the girl by extinguishing cool boys) according to the pattern (the boy loves the girl and the girl loves another boy) because to save, it's nothing but frankly schlock. He dealt with his material in a sharp way with a lot of dirty college boys who had nothing in common just to thwart mawkish. It finally ended and I'm sorry to say it, I'm smiling! * At the end he said something (imagine!) About how it's time and place for a cheater or for liberation to win, just like this comedy alone. It sounds good for another better film; which could assure my opinion of this smart one .. Once! And he does not need the power to understand that the creators of this movie are real fans! Maybe being stupid is a way to be clever in Hollywood, but even if ... The end result here was not at least funny with any sense of the word. PS: Her scriptwriter (David H. Steinberg), who wrote the story about American Pie 2, has a main IMDb page where you can find his "Common" Keywords, which are: Sex / Vulgarity / Rough Humor. .. Forget to write urinating while Shower or Baring 70 year old woman!
