Slackers is just another teenage film that will not really be watched. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are going to graduate from Holden University with honors in lying, cheating and confusion. Three roommates have been proudly going through the last four years of college and now, during the final exams, these big men in the campus are about to kill the most unlikely bastard in school. The plot is very stupid, and there is no reason why you should look at it unless you want to shut down your brain for a while. Slackers is just a predictable teen movie that really adds nothing to the genre. The comedy in Slackers is either hit or miss, but in the movie is not really a really funny or original moment. It's really just a collection of gags and some are really quite fun. Although for every joke that works, there are at least eight others that do not. The script is full of penises and jokes that some college students and students can enjoy. Even if they probably do not remember this movie after a while because it's not a very memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays wild Ethan, and after appearing in some good comedies, he gets to him. Jaime King and Devon Sawa are other major stars, but they have a bad job in this movie. It's directed by Dewey Nicks and it's his first film so you can not blame him too much. The most entertaining figure was probably Laura Preponová, but there is not much in the movie. The movie is very short in just 86 minutes, but it can be too long for some people who do not like this humor. Slackers is not the worst movie in 2002, but it's definitely below average. Compared to other movies in the genre, there is much better, such as No Another Teen, American Pie and its sequel, Scary Movie 1 & 2 etc. So if you have not seen most of them and are looking for something new then Slackers could pay this bill , but it's better if you just followed something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 below the average teen comedy that is worth skipping.
