There are a lot of movies that set the date of release just to get out of the distribution due to some sort of legal effort, and then they've been in anxiety for a long time. You just want the movie so spoiled as "Slackers" to stay in the coma for what's worth, which is tiny. The release date has been constantly shifted around this really horrible film, which is radar-based on the radar it deserves. The assumption begins under the guise of Ethan, a spooky madman with a terrible obsession for Angelus campus campus. Ethan learns foolishly to help David and his friends who scold the school for faking the whole school to help Angele dig up. I do not like to distribute spoilers, but I can make exceptions for bullshit like me. Angela falls to David, Ethan deliberately scribbles everything, good boys win. This is what happens in short for another tired retreat of the teenage genre. Deep humor is fun, always dating to the days of the immortal classic "animal house", as is the case with contemporaries such as "There is something about Mary" and "Travel trip" among dozens of others, too many to mention. But if you use it as a plot of conspiracy, you can get so far, in this case Ethan has a doll Angela composed of her single hair, of which he knows what to do with her. No one wants to testify to see Ethan peeing in the shower and singing to himself. No one wants to watch a young man who sings "Coming around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. But nothing can prepare you for a full visual assault on the vision of the fifty bombers Mamie Van Doren who knew her breasts for 71 years. I do not know if it's a story of a lack of coherence that consists of scenes that make no sense at all. Director Dewey Nicks was a former fashion photographer and, after reviewing this movie, you can only wish to go back to the profession. The worst thing you can do on any movie is to make it look as if you are having fun because it aggravates your goals as well as "Slackers" doing it by burying its plot outline under a pile of coarse out gag, unnecessary vignettes and insufficient construction. It's like a lot of students who got drunk, took a camera, shot a bunch of random bulls and assembled it together. If you want to see teenage silly comedy, which is really good, then I suggest "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip", just fun and not bad as "Slackers". Coincidentally, Cameron Diaz is filmed in this film, as well as in another bad movie, such as The Sweetest Thing, where the story treats rough humor as a conspiracy instead of a device that resembles this disaster. If you go through "Slackers" at your local video store, just go on and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf as it deserves.
