I was aware of Rohmer's admiration for the late works of those he considered to be great cinematography and that normal audiences generally consider artistic failure (like the last films of Renoir or Chaplin, yes, the "politique des auteurs" also has its dark side). But with "Les Amours d'Astrée et de Céladon" it's like Rohmer himself wanted because what his last film might be, he preserved this tradition of the great directors who shot the last senile film, by adapting Ur "L'astrée" with absurd aesthetic codes, which looks like the parody of Rosselini's latest films (those he made for Descartes or Marx's television). In his version of "Perceval," Rohmer rejected the film's real landscapes in order to transcribe what might have been the medieval classical representation of things. The director apparently changed his mind when it is the XVII century and film actors, dressed as 1600 peasants recite their antique text surrounded by the current trees and landscapes. But everything looks even smarter than Luchini and his fake trees. It's not like the story itself is stupid, but the way Rohmer blends naturalism with artists seems so childish and amateur that it quickly becomes involuntarily funny (and I'm not talking about the irritating pronunciation of the actors, the annoying and sad humorist Rodolphe Paula , a ridiculous soft-erotic tone, bad musical experiments or strange fascination for trasvestisment!) Radical aesthetics of the film eventually makes it look like a joke that mixes a soft-erotic film for television with theological scholastic debates (sic!). At the beginning of the film, Rohmer teaches that the original French storyline of the story is now disfigured by modernity, and therefore the film "L'Astrée" has had to be in other parts of the country. But I'm sure the film would look more modern and interesting if Rohmer actually shot the same story in a modern area with the same narrative codes and artistic decisions. This film may be of interest to some historians, but most films may laugh at this latest and sad Rohmere film.
