I usually do not write a note when there are so many others, but this time I think I have to. I talked about the taste in the next review and says it's all in the eyes of the viewer, but when it comes to this movie, if you like it, it just means you have a bad taste. . I loved the "Island of the Dead," which is a pretty unknown unknown black and white movie. I really liked "Scream" and "Scary Movie" I like these movies because they have, if not so much, something good about them. I appreciate 99.9% of the films I've seen because they tell a story I have not heard before, and most directors only make good-quality films. During this film I was thinking, "Where is it?" (even at the end) "Where did they get to these terrible actors?" "Should it be a joke?" etc. With obvious twist, I was skeptical, but I hoped he might "make" the movie and prove I was not spending time. I was sad. The story was bad and it started to twist, any glimpse of hope. Here is the scenario: The story? like the first movie that was fine, this is slow and sparse, with no relationship to the audience of characters or situations. The situations are fearless and shallow and completely boring and predictable. The turn was terrible, it did not make me feel like excitement or WOW. Just "My GOD". There was nothing in the movie that you could look at and think "Oooo was not that smart" because it was not. In the "Club of Fights", flashes appear at the end to show that Tyler's true identity was cryptically revealed, and when you saw it again, you saw more, it was a really brilliant work as it was written, spread out and directed. It was an insignificant attempt at an amazing procedure. I think they were "wild things" that resembled a rather poor twin twist and I still liked the film because the rest was fine and it was too hard to make a big break. Like a CI2 writer, he thought it would be the best abbreviation at all. But it's really just a bad story with a bad twist that was kicked at the end. The film ended almost immediately after the entire filter was invalid by the fact that Sebastian built the whole story and did not mean anything and a terrible half forced, paedophile, which ended up being a particularly young and innocent girl. Does it work? actors in this movie are scary. Almost so bad "Sunset Beach". - Extremely corroded and poorly executed. It's not so bad that it's good like "Hunk". The worst acting I thought came from Amy Adams, who played Kathryn, was a rigid, poor and poorly thought out work. Robin Dunne was also poor. So far, I have not seen "American Psycho II", but his dubious "cool" style has ruined this movie. I can not even say it's a good movie for teens like no. If my son or daughter liked this movie, I'd be ashamed. But they would not do that anyway, because they would take into account all the things that make a good movie that does not have this movie. Really. I'm disappointed that some said, "Maybe you're not in the age category of this movie and I do not like it." I like all the movies I liked as teenagers and they were very good at taste. Do you really think that when you reach 20+ you suddenly do not like any teen stories? No. I like "Mean Girls" and other generic teen movies and watch "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no justification for bad direction, acting and script. Besides, I was 16/17 when I watched them for the first time. If anything is older, it makes you a better judge about horror film. I can not believe that someone will give it, 10/10, one of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I gave him 9 because I know it might be better. It's a pity that these people are doing, giving 10s flippants or getting movies / shows, so do it 2. Everybody who liked this movie should really change their tastes and perhaps their lives, and we realize that, that's the worst movie EVER. (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you are not a teen with a bad taste or just do not have a bad taste, you will absolutely hate this movie.
