Well, normally, I'm not so harsh to go on, especially when the first movie is done and it was finally a good movie. As for 1999, I feel that one of the five best films was harsh intentions. It had everything a great movie, except for the original story that was adapted from the novel that it is still damn good. For Cruel Intent 2, which was actually just an opening for a series based on the manchester prep movie. Which must not happen. Actually, after seeing this little movie, I can understand. Before the thing started, I was at least as a writer and director Roger Kumble. Well, I was disappointed for one minute in this movie. It starts with rehash opening the original with another twist sebastian instead of saving the shrinks girl is a naked picture on the net they give the school headmaster wife in the school directory naked. It would be fine if the lady was not 50. And basically, the rest of the film is an original copy of the original. Whatever I understand if there is nothing wrong, it leaves it the way it was. But you can not do it with the movie. This is actually an ancestor I gave her the opportunity to see, as it turned out, as it was in part 1. But when Sebastian became more or less a joke, and Kathryn was herself and turned Sebastian into a sexual predator, a real story, this film did not have no basis. Whoever did casting on this thing was so gone. They could at least try to get people who looked like the original cast, but no, just hired some even really good-looking actors. I use this term even though I do not know why. There is no one in this movie. This whole film is a lot of a pad that does not match the original, but some of them did, but it was just because they were part 1. Another bad point was that you understood that you needed to they received attention because they were not involved with the parents who were in it, and they were misused as if they showed why the children were like this. But that did not work. The best thing about the original was that the cast had the chemistry that brought you into this world. The tension on the screen that happened there made the film what it was. This thing really spoils the experience of the first one that remains from it.
