Cruel intentions 2 are bloody horrible, I think uber-bad. Words can not explain how bad it is, but I'll do it anyway. The plot of cruel intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. Sebastian (Robin Dunne) is dropped out of a private school and is forced to move to New York City. There he decides to make a new start and only life in a normal life and settle down. Unfortunately, she has to deal with her sister, Kathryn (Amy Adams), who wants to drag him. Sebastain begins to love Danielle (Sarah Thompson), the innocent daughter of the school principal. Kathryn wants Sebastain to sleep with the whole school, which was described as a "asshole." Kathryn also wants to avenge Cherie (Keri Lynn Pratt), who humiliated her during her schooling. Kathryn wanted the firstborn to become the biggest horror in school, as in the first film. <br /> <br /> Cruel Intents 2 are basically a canceled TV show that has been transformed into a prequel. The movie has so many problems. It is badly written, malfunctioning, and badly acting. Fortunately, for Amy Adams, she has never left the show because she is a rather big actress now. While cruel intentions had a sense of realism and could be seen as being in the real world, Cruel Intentions 2 is in the sitcom and as described on amazon.co.uk 'randy version of the Saved by the Bell'. There were some dark topics involving sex and drug use in the first film, but in cruel intentions 2 he tried to make it funny and some thoughts in the movie should not be, such as Kathryn having a relationship with a teacher. Other thoughts also do not work, like a secret society where all popular children meet to discuss the fall of other students. The film also had a big problem with the sexual 15/16-year-old. I know teens have sex, sometimes a lot, but when it's done on film or television, it's very serious. One famous point was when Daneille encourages Cherie (who is in the movie around 14/15) to simulate sex on the back of the horse to the point where he has orgasm. The idea of ​​turning a girl around 14/15 on a bitch is very bad for me and should not be the subject of a comedy. The jokes in the film are flat, whether it's a verbal gag like "she's wet everywhere when she sees you" on a visual gag, where Sebastian pushes Kathryn's face first into the mud. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of wrong with this movie, which I do not have time to go to, but I say it should be avoided. Just watching cruel intentions, though not a classic, is still a decent film and treats the subject well. This film is just the wet dream of a degenerate who has a lot of sex with school kids.
