I can hardly believe that I saw it last night more than 25 years ... Sometimes I watched 6 movies Fu in a row ... Boris Karloff and all 5 Chris Lees. The last two Lees, both controlled (and I use this word freely) by Jess Franco, were horrible. At that time, I skipped this option, and I remembered that it was in some respects. Never again. Do you know what's worse than a nasty movie? Great piece S ***. And that's what's FIINDISH PLOT. It's a very nice movie. GREAT production design, sets, costumes, music, photography, adjustments, predominantly good cast, some decent acting ... and absolutely positive one of the most important scenarios in the history of the movie! !!! AAAUGH !!!!! The first minute of the movie is so deceptive ... one could mistake it for a decent film. And then they start singing "Happy Birthday Fu" ... and going down. When Burt Kwouk (about which his master says, "Yours ... is known.") Accidentally pours Fu elixir vitae to burn fire, which led to being tortured, buried and cut off one of his ears , it was the closest thing they had fun. It was as if somebody decided they wanted to make a "campy" movie - so ridiculous it would be funny. BROWN, it's ... FUNNY ... it's not. All. <br /> <br /> It's sad because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone has done a lot of Fu Manchu research to get so much "right". With another script - either a real FUNNY or a dead SERIOUS who could ... could - have - had a classic on his hands. A movie that could forget the horror of the atrocities of Jess Franco ... instead of wanting to make it as a masterpiece by comparing it. It was the end of the 1970s, when a number of 30 classic characters were revived in movies that were horrible in general. Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Tarzan, Lone Ranger, Charlie Chan, even Doc Savage. I'm not sure this could be the worst of all. It required a great self-control to prevent all of its parts, especially the scenes that featured Sid Caesar (the head of the FBI, who was also Al Capone's cousin - see what I mean?). It's not just that the ideas in the movie are not funny ... they often do not make any trouble. Just as "police" officers claim to be king and queen, and we met people "competing" dance routines, such as singing, dancing, and riding a unicycle. How many drugs did the authors of this thing have to take for someone to make sense to them? <br /> <br /> As I said, shame ... and the real loss of all the talents, including those by Peter Sellers (who played both Fu and Nayland Smith), Burt Kwouk (who was in Chris Lee Fu at his time ), Helen Mirren (a police woman who falls in love with the villainous guy and steals the last half hour of the movie). I'll start wondering if anyone ever makes the "right" Fu Manchu movie or when fans will have to make up for Karloff to be almost the only one?
