When the movie started, I was shocked by the fact that I made the camcorder a cheap one! In fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie. Even directly on DVD movies should have production values ​​better than this! Heck, a large percentage of home videos uploaded to YouTube have better production value! Too often the film really seems to be made by sticking the camera on a tripod and turning it on - no camera! Close-ups and everything that reminds you of working with the camera are missing in some scenarios where they might work and in others there are too many or poorly framed details. Yecch! The film is about two homosexuals who want to marry. As if almost ten years ago, their only option was a wedding in Vermont - times have certainly changed. However, the recent adoption of homosexual marriage is by no means attributable to this film - not least, it has set supporters of homosexual marriages instead of helping when the film smiles and never really takes this matter seriously. According to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry the Bible everywhere and shoot people, as well as women who have homosexual wives, are more anxious when they learn that their husbands live with a fake figure. I'm sure it gives both sides a fair chance on both sides! <br /> <br /> The bottom line - nothing about the movie at all shows professionalism and even hesitate to call it a movie. It's more like a home movie without deserving a listing on IMDb or even listing on the IMDb's Bottom 100 of the worst nominated films of all time. The game is terrible, writing is horrible, the direction (if ever) is terrible, working with the camera is terrible and the plot is terrible. It's a home movie! There is nothing positive about what I could say about this, besides doing Ed Wood as an Oscar grader in comparison, and I'm sure Wood's ghost smiles every time someone looks at this mess! <br /> <br /> I do not care whether you are gay or straight - this movie is not worth your time and I do not know how you made a DVD of it. I suppose one of the actors burns it on their home computer during their free time! Seriously, it gives the new meaning of the word "bad"! <br /> <br /> By the way, if a lady in the movie was a real lawyer, will not the ability to read as an important premise ?! I'm just saying. <br /> <br /> Finally, with the fact that homosexual marriage is such a serious and important topic, can we not have a movie that is better than the one who solves the problem? This, sadly, just calls laughter.
