The worst film ever, this is a statement that people here on IMDb often throw around. Whether it's Uwe Boll, bad guys such as Manos The Hands of Fate, or Michael Bay's latest Michael Jackson-based summer action fest, people often go to the sudden conclusion that they're sending out on the album that there's nothing worse in the world of movies. <br /> <br /> I envy these people because they are blissfully unconscious and do not know how deep the rabbit hole is from leaking films. There are movies so bad, so horrible, so inadvertently cheerful and so sensual that cults are formed around them to celebrate their horror, and their discussion forums are the most beautiful places on the Internet because of everyone who unanimously agrees that the film is really so bad . Ladies and gentlemen, I imagine Ben and Arthur, a 85-minute gay epic that's so bad that it's more like a violent car crash, you know it's terrible, but you can not stop it. The law has proclaimed "Hollywood actor, director" and I can add whale whale Sam Mraovič, this film is legendary horrible. Let me show you how this project was run by the ego. Mr. Mraovich not only shot this movie, wrote it, produced it, produced it, recorded, edited, and eventually played it. It is a person so blinded by his own ego and thus believing his non-existent genius that as someone with an ugly child he can not recognize how disastrous his bastards are really. Everything in this movie fails at the epic level, acting is the worst you ever witness, the plot is boldest, filming and cinematography is most amateur, and even music is like nails on the board. I'm aware that I went a little tangent, but please believe me that this movie is really as bad as I described it, I would say that this film is a fuck fucked in a film reel, but the truth is not even shot at movie, was shot on a digital video camera that is not much better than the one who sits in your wardrobe and is collecting dust now. Do not get me wrong, and I forgive low movie budgets, assuming the concept is interesting, for example, if I did not like it Blair Witch's project proved that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting movie. Ben and Arthur do not have a good idea to go back, though this movie was filmed with a budget of 20 million, with the best actors in Hollywood it would still take off, the plot is so terrible and the characters are even worse. One of Arthur's main characters, portrayed by others other than Sam Mraovič, is one of the most crazy, tiny little films ever made in the film. You will not like it within 5 minutes of the beginning of the movie and until the end of the movie, hatred will turn into utter contempt. It seems that Mr. Mraovič has forgotten that we should be rooted for a hero. I do not want to spoil all the crazy crazy feelings you will experience by watching this movie (which I call you not to pay for), so let me give you two tame examples of how stupid this film is, tame and gentle as one of the smallest mistakes in the movie. In one session, we hear one of the main characters who says that "he knows a good lawyer and calls HIM" that the spatter is out and then slows down, and the HIM they talked about earlier is actually a woman, I think in postproduction. The second is simple, seconds after we saw that this transsexual lawyer sent characters to fly to Vermont, then we shattered the shot of an airplane landing between the palm trees in the sunny area. I've never been to Vermont personally, but I'm sure you will not find any palms there. Imagine that such stupid amateur inconsistency has dragged on for an hour and a half in combination with an absurd interview and you conspire and then multiply it by 10 and still do not fully work for Ben and Arthur. Imagine the absolutely the worst movie you've seen in your life, and imagine it's even worse and still not at the same level as Ben and Arthur, this movie is really bad. we should be glad that such movies are a real rarity. They give us the hope that one day we can become the filmmakers themselves or that we can be screenwriters. Simply because we have a new sense of confidence because we know that nothing we produce, no matter how amateur so much a hat like this. The worst film of all time was finally discovered and is called Ben and Arthur.
