Ah, what did Sam Mraovich think? What is someone involved in this movie? Mraovič is the head of almost all "Ben and Arthura": director, writer, producer (also EXECUTIVE producer!), Kolečko, lead star - name it, he did it. And he (Mraovich) upset more than anyone ever sucked into every department of film production. So what's wrong with this movie? All. The film is about two gay lovers, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * groan *). Ben and Arthur want to marry a world where everyone basically hates homosexual people. To make it worse, Ben's crazy "ex-wife" (not divorce), Tammy (Julie Belknap) is crazy that Ben left her for another man and asked Ben to come back together (they said he might be gay too! ) and Arthur's Christian, devoted to excessive hypocrisy, like Brother Tammy, Victor, hell bent to turn Arthur straight and then try to kill him after he was kicked out of the church. <br /> <br /> The film is completely tucked away with a block of so many goofs (ie Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to marry - they go to Alaska Airlines and Vermont have their palm trees fly back to the FedEx cargo plane - they hope that they are (Viktor calls to kill Arthur "The Final Plan", which later becomes "The Final Act"), Arthur and private (intern) detective drive the same car, blah blah). The "actors" are all very bad and are on the way, over the top; the script is ridiculously terrible (one such example is, "I have no sense, you do not make sense, I make sense, it makes sense!") and there is so much in the movie, The saddest but incredible thing about "Ben and Arthur" is , that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something that's really fantastic (see his fake reviews "Ben & Arthur" and the obvious comments he made on YouTube.) Mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance is blind to see how terrible something his name really is. So, finally, forget about every bad movie you say is the worst movie ever ... "Ben and Arthur" is tapping directly from this title, even Paris Hilton movies look like "The Dark Knight" compared to the monstrosity known like "Ben and Arthur".
