I have no idea what on earth or across borders could be considered that Sam Mraovič believes it would be a good project to be done. Ben & Arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. In fact, I do not see any reason why he should not be in the top 100. Although I did not see SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2 (# 5 at the time of this publication), I would like the movie to be much better than this upright wound, Even in his desperate disappointment, at least Baby Geniuses 2 was professionally made. On the other hand everything and everything I mean in this movie is completely unprofessional. The film should be an attack on supposedly bigotry and hatred towards Christians. And I emphasize "intended". Not only does it fail completely but also leaves a nasty scar. Instead of creating a convincing and realistic portrayal of gay couples against a society that is largely opposed, it creates tired, obscene stereotypes of each stakeholder. Ben and Arthur, the named couple, are portrayed as two raw, sexually starved and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts that marry when laws change to allow them. It meets the opposition of Ben's brother, Victor, a Christian minister, who, like all Christians, is loud, fleeting, stupid and violent. He is trying to kill Ben and Arthur after they have joined him and driven him out of the ministry. Just like in real life. And if you think it's terrible (it is), you did not notice it all. Actors (?) Here they can completely destroy all the evidence of credibility in this movie by saying they told their home comedy video from YouTube. But even Daniel Day-Lewis and Marlon Brando as the title characters could not save this clunker because there would still be a matter of a totally unpleasant and laughing invoking dialogue that fills every minute of the movie. Each scene has at least one unpleasant or incorrect citation. For example, in one scene, Victor tries to complain that he can not have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. But instead of clear rendering of this idea, he spit out a silly, utterly confusing, crooked line: "You know what, I never have any nieces or nephews, well, because you are so F *** ED UP!" <br /> <br /> Even bigger flashes there is a complete lack of production values. Yes, I know it's not Dark Knight, but amateur creators should know some basics about special effects and adjustments. For example, six red cake points are not enough for realistic bullet wounds. People are teleporting across the room. And objects do not drop forward when they are shot! <br /> <br /> Do not waste money on Ben & Arthur. I do not care if you have 7, 17 or 107. I do not care if you are gay, straight, bi or indecisive. I do not care if you're "just curious." I do not care what pathetic reason why you have to try to buy the pile of dung. Keep on, far. This film has only redemption is its ability to be used as a Frisbee.
