I made the big mistake of actually watching the entire movie a few days ago. God, I'm still trying to recover. This film does not even deserve an average of 1.4. IMDb needs 0 votes for votes for movies that really deserve it. A 1.4 is too high. I've heard how horrible this movie was, but I really did not think the movie could really be that bad, especially nowadays. I thought all the cheese-god gods of horrible movies were only in the fifties and sixties. God, I was bad. Trust me, this movie is really so terrible. It is terrible; it is out of pathetic; is above any type of word I think of it. BATTLEFIELD EARTH looks like the best picture of the year compared to this movie. SNAKE ISLAND (which was the worst movie I've ever seen) seems to deserve several Oscars in comparison to this poor effort. I really do not believe that the creators of this film thought it was a legitimate serious effort to produce a Hollywood film. It has no company called the movie. In the first 25 seconds of the movie, I seriously thought I was looking at some high school class trying to make a short film. Or even better, I thought it was some Saturday night. It looks exactly like this. The game is terrible; the whole movie almost looks like it was shot with a 20 year old VHS video camera. Special Effects ....... Good Mr. Mr. Enchanted from the back of the day had better effects than this movie. The scene where she's shot on the door is beyond laughter and beyond. I mean, my introduction to the classroom four years ago at college, we all could have put together a better movie than this one. And the worst part of the whole movie where Arthur is naked in the bathroom. Oh, my God, I'm almost there. I have a strong stomach, but it was terrible. Some people should never be naked and it is one of them. It seems that the story of the movie looks absolutely out of the question. They talk about legal issues that we can never hear again. Ben talks about getting into music that we will never hear again; arthur says he is looking for work and money for college, and another thing we see is that he runs a porn store. Everything about the movie is just horrible. It really has nothing to do with my criticism, but she just knows I'm not a homosexual. However, I support the rights of homosexuals and I think we should all be considered equivalent. And I would support any homosexual person in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this movie, which seems to be trying every other word. (WHERE IS F * (# * white out?) Hahaha But I did not want anyone to think I hated this film just because they were two homosexual boys. It has nothing to do with it: That would be the same so terrible from the movie if it was Ben & Jill instead of Ben & Arthur I just watched this movie to find out if it was really as bad as they say I read it: Let this be a warning for everyone ONLY watch this movie if you just want to sit and laugh how some movies in the 21st century can be dubious. If you look at this movie and you really expect a good movie or some fun, I have no compassion for you. <br /> <br /> The final idea: How in the world are the 7 films that are located below in IMDb? Are worse than this!
