The crap of this film was bad. I saw it as a joke. It's not so bad that it's unintentional. This movie seemed to be designed to be personally angry with me. It worked really well. It's as if the people who did it just took all the really annoying things about PRIEST, joined a group of ugly guys, pulled out something interesting, entertaining, or even sexy and smart, and then added in a stack of old corrupted cheese. That is all. Cheese. There is no single person to join this movie. There is no universe in which this film could ever be realized. Why can not such a film just revive life and be happy? Why did they have to make this stupid film idea even smarter than it already is? Why they could not even try to make the film alright or even a B-movie. Now, when I think about it, what the hell were they trying to do with this movie? I was looking forward to a love affair, and instead I got a boring student project about an idiot who must find the strength and courage to take his friend while his annoying Christian brother tried to destroy everything! No, I do not care. That's it. Sounds good? This film is quite ignorant of the people of Christan religion, with its stereotypical all Christians being loudmouthed, coarse, and hellbent to as many people as miserable as possible. Many Christians I know would never talk or behave like these nobles. The film is equally unfair and unconscious for the gay community. These must be the smartest stereotypical homosexual men from the guy on the radio station on this ROADKILL video game. It's so nervous and irritating that I could not fully pay attention to this movie. The creators of this train wreck had no strategy for a set of designs, gaming, camera angles, lighting, scenario, authenticity, or idea to make it fun or interesting. There is not one sex scene, or at least not credible. Jamie Brett Gabel was the only person in the movie he looked at, but his good looks were sadly lost. This is waste. In the perfect world, this movie will be voted at 0.0. It's 0 as the movie itself. The mumble with mental retardation, which is blind, deaf and has small bones for hands and feet and whose face is on the armpit, can write, direct and produce a better film, and probably also a better actress. the fact that this movie exists is a crime against the very word "film". This movie is so bad that other movies may be ashamed of being available in the same format. I could put a broom in a chair and then upload it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a mini xmas tree and then record it and I have already shot a movie that will always be better than BEN & ARTHUR at least half. Only two things are worse than death. Torture and Tracking of BEN & ARTHUR. I'm a gay man and probably the strongest person you ever meet if you met me and I do not think I was ever more offended by the movie than I was the first five seconds of the movie myself. If this movie was a mistake, I'll personally find a way to change the famous phrase "It's okay to make mistakes" to "It's okay to make mistakes if it was not a BEN & ARTHUR bug." You know how people always say things like, "Everything is good!" I think BEN & ARTHUR was originally invented so there could be something on this country that would not be good. If you want to call this movie, the worst movie I've ever seen would be making too many credits. It's like having this movie designed to qualify in a category that is very own. There are good movies, bad movies and then BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN and ARTHUR.
