He is interested in the synopsis (every gay video has some piece of cover on the packaging today, which is not necessarily a good sign) I bought BEN and ARTHUR without knowing it. This is my second (and I assure you that it will be my last) buying the CULTURE Q CONNECTION video. As far as I'm concerned, this DVD is nothing but an irreversible rip-off. Do not I make this observation easy? I am a prominent collector of videos, homosexuals and mainstream, and I can say with some authority and without hesitation that BEN AND ARTHUR is just the worst movie I've ever listened to. Time. My collection boasts over 1600 movies (93% of them on DVD) and those over 300 are gay and lesbian themed. I barely own every homosexual film I've ever shot, but I'm happy with the claim that basically I buy almost every gay video I'm interested in, and very often I buy videos without knowing anything about the movie. Sometimes it's a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, It's in the water, Urbania, and Normal are all examples of excellent homosexual titles I've come across accidentally. So when I read the box that BEN and ARTHUR concerned the conflict between homosexual lovers and Christian law, one of my favorite topics, I decided I would not mind, even though I was previously disappointed to buy another title CULTURE Q CONNECTION VISIONS OF SUGAR GAS. The film was pretty bad, but compared to BEN and Arthur, it was like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what about BEN and ARTHUR so bad? A lot! First, such a "conspiracy," as it was, was totally ridiculous. This movie almost made me compassionate with Christian law? we are forced not only to believe that the Church will expel a member because his brother is a homosexual, but that the priest really has set up a mass execution of a gay couple to save his soul (that makes sense). Writing is so bad that many scenes do not make sense at all, and several plot points do not reflect logic, tracking, or linking to the story. Murder and violence seems to be an acceptable goal of a gay activist / right-wing conflict on both sides, and acting is so bad that it's hard to imagine someone hired in this film. The characters to be equal are almost certainly the gay and nelly stereotypes to boot; gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. This film is enough to divert someone from buying gay thematic videos forever and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage this image has over my next purchase of CULTURE Q Connection, VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS, is that it has a sound track with a clear dialogue. It's hardly a difference because the script is so incomprehensible that the script's understanding only serves to make you more aware of how bad the movie really is. It's an embarrassment with Queer's culture, and I want to warn everyone that I may, before losing the money for them. For a price of $ 9.95, this movie would be exaggerated. I understand it will soon be recalculated below $ 20, which is STILL highway robbery. I paid the original prize of $ 29.95, and in my life I never felt more deceived. The only true laugh associated with this disgrace is the review? I have seen "user reviews" of this movie on many websites and there is always one or two that "praises" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it is obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this Ed Wood wannabe. How sad. How desperate. I just wish the IMDb allowed you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. If you ever deserve the film, it's so.
