"Leap Years" is a film adapted by Catherine Lim's e-novelty novel by Singapore, which became the first Singapore novel / story sold over the internet. The film had a post-production post-production plan: filmed at the beginning of 2005, released for release at the end of 2005, but eventually three years later appeared on February 29, 2008, which is a jumping year. <br /> <Before I say anything, I must first admit that I am not a fan of the romance genre, so I can be a little bit interested in this movie - I watched it just because it was a singapore production and that it is available for lending in my neighbor library . Here's my two cents in the movie. Let's start by saying that other than Qi Yu-wu is KS and Wong Li-Lin, all here notes seem to be Eurasian. Interest in love is Eurasian (Ananda Everingham) and Wong's trio of friends are all, er-hem, Eurasians. Shows this film a stereotype that love and association with the Eurasian is more "in" than the ordinary Chinese (or any Asian race you are?) I do not know it is certainly like this. Also, everyone in the film speaks in a mystical "anglified" accent that does not exist anywhere, definitely not in Singapore. It is a kind of "semi-professional English" that the authorities would like to talk about but which does not exist anywhere else, as MTV Channel says. The effect is that the dialogue of movie sounds is forced and confused, and this is not helped by the lack of truly blue singapore in the cast. Scriptwriter seems to be trying too hard to lean one-liners after one-off. Twenty minutes later, the film's "joke" begins to burn and the film begins to serve its usual cliché plates. <br /> <br /> I think I did not like the movie because the whole idea of ​​keeping a love affair over 16 long years seems incredible. <br /> <br /> There is more distrust in the movie. I can not believe for one that KS (played Qi Yu-wu) would fall for one of Wong's girlfriends. And on the scene where the wives say: "Go Before I Think It" was used in hundreds of East Asian series (Korean, Chinese, Hong Kong, Taiwanese, etc.) ... So 4 stars for this movie. The production value is fair, and Wong Li-lin is doing the best, but the screenplay will not help. Joan Chen has a 15 minute part in the movie as an older Wong and is perhaps the best actress in a party, but hey, her role is just goeo. If you find Leap Years in a rental or library, you may want to describe it on the DVD player for curiosity, but otherwise, for people who do not like the romance of the genre, you can decide if you do it to them.
