It's cheese. If all you want is a video game, complete with what looks like a straightforward sequence for making movies, the movie was too cheap to actually create special effects, that's it. My friend and I really enjoyed it because the theater was mostly empty and we could move a bit. This film really requires heckling. <br /> <br /> Plot? Was there a conspiracy? OK, some stupid college or later types find out "rave of the year" and go to one of the islands of San Juan ("If they stayed in Seattle, they would survive." - direct quote or almost.) They get there and all gone, and the place is somewhat destroyed (but hey, the barrel is still full!). With the help of a crunching old captain and a Coast Guard woman (who worked only slightly harder - and slightly less well - than Cynthia Rothrock), they fight a lot of zombies (some who wash acid), get a lot of strange legends, and kill most of them. That's about it. It's not as bad as Demonicus, but not much and ever better than Severed (it's my personal alpha and omega for bad movies - the first one is bad, but fun to do, and the other is just too furious to track down more than once). On the other hand, if you expect video games to be as cool as Resident Evil, run away! run away now !!! <br /> <br /> OK, some real big questions (without too many spoilers): Since Spanish ships from the 18th century drove to the Pacific Northwest ????? Why is someone in smuggle weapons in the Northwest Pacific, and to whom - CANADA that calls out loud ??? Why is the rave on the unmentioned (oh, excuse me, it's called "isla del muerto", shya, right) of the island of San Juan - and outdoors, you still remember it's TACI NORTHWET. And rave has about 30 people in the presence - "rave of the year", my patoot. Lucky thing, there's a lot of axes. A lot of them. Everybody has them. It must be near the sales outlet. <br /> <br /> Finally, while the movie began to play with a little "parody" (with clicking on what you did, and jaws), it did not stand it and it was quite enough. Well, finally - when the introductory notes (in a voice, no less) accidentally mentioning that one of the characters "gave up on her friend to concentrate on her fencing", you can be sure that there will be a fence by the end of the movie. Not a good fencing, but a few people who are hacking each other with a sword.
