Okay, let me start by saying that none of this comes as a surprise for anyone who has read other comments. That said, MY G-D, THIS FILM IS REQUIRED! I mean, WOW, I did not know that it was possible to throw as much money as it was, and worse than any Roger Corman movie! Corman was probably filming this movie at some point but dropped due to poor script quality! The only reason why the film was made is that someone said, "Hey, the Zombies are popular, the video games are popular, what kind of game can we get in the hold that the zombies are inside of it?" Resident Evil, no one else came there first. Silent Hill No, too quiet People will never sit in a dark room just to be foolishly Hey, did not Sega have a game where people were running around zombie shooting? They are biz platform, we could get it for pennies! " /> <br /> They were basically trying to make a movie that felt like a video game, even shooting a fight, as if the first and the main problem was that the original game was terrible. I mean, that bad movie-merchandising-made-to-worse-game-in-two-week-and-then-shippe d-out-and-bought-by-morons-and-parent-for-christmas scary. The graphics were boring. The monsters were boring. The levels were boring. The interface was boring. CASE was boring. In other words, it was a tedious game. And it was the ARCADE version. The home version was even worse! With the home version, you have not even got a shotgun to keep in your hand while you're bored with this stupid game! But I'll turn. The second problem is that they went so far as to actually hide scenes from real play during battle scenes. HUH ??? Was the editor not sufficiently trusted by the effects that would indicate a real fight? Not to mention that EVERY battle has been shot from a video game perspective, which may explain the tedious use of Matrix-style effects. The problem with this is that the game was a first person shooter (the player proceeds from the POV character). Maybe that's why they put the graphics in the game to inform you that they mention the game ... Right, anything ... The unique thing that caused this LOSER experience is remotely pleasant was that everyone in the theater chose a movie of fun, so my sudden bouts of hysterical laughter and general mistrust were taken for granted and did not overwhelm me. <br /> <br /> Sum up, DO NOT MOVE THIS FILM! You do not even understand that you rent it when it comes out on a video in a couple of weeks. Run. Just go.
