If it was a movie that deserves 0 out of 10, it will be. "House of the Dead" redefines the concept of "bad film". Other bad films, such as "When an alien calls" or "Premonition," actually look much better compared to "House of the Dead". The "conspiracy" of the House of the Dead is a group of twenty years of traveling to a distant island to participate in the "rave of the century". When they get there, they will find only a few tents, a bar, a stage, and several bloody shirts. They decide to remain so, and they are soon attacked by the zombies. <br /> <br /> There is absolutely no redemption about this movie. It's not fun. Instead, watch the pain because it is terrible. The game is incredibly bad. In a DVD interview, one of the actors said director Uwe Boll was not afraid to tell anyone when they did a good job or a bad job on the scene. This is a flashy lha. The script seems to have been written by an eleven-year-old who chose to include the scene of someone who dived on the chest of a girl and included a cheerful line: "It smells like it's a mess for somebody here." The characters have no personality or depth, and they do some of the deadliest things ever seen in horror film. Somewhere along the way, the characters will also magically change into the SWAT team to shoot down the zombies. It's as if they did not even have to target their weapons and automatically shoot the zombies in their heads. The most horrible thing that is far from this film is directing. Uwe Boll is something wrong. Bolle's work with the camera is amazingly separate. Its zombie pans that pass through the forest are more stupid than threatening. Even worse, Boll actually thought it would be a good idea to put small pieces of records from the House of the Dead video game. Quite often and in the most challenging times you will suddenly see animated zombies. It makes no sense. Nobody in their right mind would think it was a good idea. It's as if Boll wanted to remind us that this film should be based on a video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be nice to include slow 360-degree rotation shots during action scenes and 'The Matrix'. Unfortunately it does it too often, and every shot is a nausea. The soundtrack of this film also upset the mind. Most action scenes are accompanied by loud rape. It also contributes to the subsequent headache caused by the cruel "House of the Dead". The house of the dead is not bad because it is based on video games. In fact, it has very little to do with the video game. It also does not fit into the category "so bad that it's good". But it falls into the "so bad that it's painful" category. This film just plain. Uwe Boll should never be left anywhere else than another film. Even his presence will curse production. For all directors: whenever one of your movies gets a bad review, you just need to realize that you have not done the "House of the Dead" and you will feel much better. I will never have those 90 minutes of my life back. To summarize, words can not really describe how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in making this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of himself. Even if what I said can be "House of the Dead" sounding funny, it really is not. None of this is fun. Avoid it at all costs.
