When George C. Scott played the title role in "Patton," you saw him driving tanks with fists, shooting at German diving bombers with a revolver, and spying dirt with his superiors and subordinates. The most action we get from Gregory Pecka as "MacArthur," a character from the same war, which is much more successful, is that he knocks his finger and raises his famous eyebrows. performance with Scott may be unfair. However, the reality of "MacArthur" was made by the same producer and scored by the same composer asking for parallels, as well as the fact that both films opened with generals dealing with cadet at West Point. I know the filmmakers wanted to emulate the Oscar-winning film a few years ago. But while Peck looks at a part more than Scott sometimes did, he comes as mostly insignificant in a story that feels less dramatically than the MacArthur's Wikipedia tutorial is later a career. "Until this day there are people who think he is a dangerous demagogue and others who say he is one of the greatest men who have ever lived," says the opening title. It's a typical dirty piece of post-Vietnamese sophistication about those who led the US Army, a lot of time, but what we've got is no opinion either. MacArthur, as mentioned here, is not anger or inspired by the way he did it in life. Director Joseph Sargent, who went on the turn of the famous turkey "Revenge Jaws", will paint by work numbers with inconspicuous combat mounts and some obvious use (as if the Chinese attacking US forces in Korea), while scenario Hal Barwood and Matthew Robbins suffer MacArthur he finds himself blessed with a point of subtlety, a little overwhelming in his public image, but never less decent. Here you see him step out of the landing boat to return to the Philippines. You see that he turned to him in his speech, "Older soldiers never die." He's been sitting for a long time at the Toyko cinema and waiting for the North Koreans to cross the 38th parallel to continue the story, while shots about the Japanese ascent rise under his enlightened rule. Peck's teammate, Marja Dusay as his devoted wife ("You're my best soldier") and Nicolas Coaster as a loyal helper, shoot their tearful eyes in the direction of their magnificent companion, but they do not make any interest in their own. > <br /> <br /> Even if he claims to others, Peck never picks up his voice and largely wins his arguments with a thunderous eloquence. When Admiral Nimitz suggests that he postponed the recapture of the Philippines, a point of personal pride and tactical concern for MacArthur, MacArthur returned with commentary: "Right now, when I listened to his plan, I thought I could see." No doubt the real Nimitz to say something about it, but the character in the film just shakes his head and humbly accepts insult in the presence of President Roosevelt. The only person in a movie that MacArthur seriously disagrees with Harry S Truman, who Ed Flanders does a great job despite a prosthetic nose that reminds him of Toucan Sam. Truman's MacArthur shooting should be a dramatic peak, but here he is in a quiet dinner where Peck plays MacArthur as nothing but a brilliant martyr. I have never been sold Peck stood at the top pantheon of the screen stars; he brings a great presence, but he is lacking complexity even in many of his most famous roles. But it's unfair to anchor him so much, because he does little to define MacArthur as anything but speech. In addition to two scenes, one based on surrender in the Philippines ("struck old glory and ran a bed!") And another where he has a miniature defeat while awaiting the US invasion of Inchon against the Communists who undermine him in Pete Peck is really playing Peck, not the intricate figure that inspired the famous sobriquet "American Caesar". Real MacArthur could be worthy of such a comparison. What you get is less like Shakespeare than Shakes The Clown.
