Okay, so I'm not a big video game fan, but was it a House of the Dead game really famous for making a movie? Sure, they went so far as to actually put in video games as if they were justifying any particular scene of violence, but there are dozens and dozens of games that look exactly the same, with a hand in the bottom of the screen, allegedly own, possession of any weapon and thunder types of aliens or walking dead or snipers or any case. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting assumption in the house of the dead, with lots (college children, like children who are able to pay some fishermen about $ 1,500 just for a ride if they miss a ship) trying to get to this island for what is to be the Roman year. The first thing that came to my mind about the House of the Dead after she looked at it is that it is becoming clearer that modern horror films have become nothing more than exercises when they come up with creative ways to get a lot of hurriedly dressed teenagers into exactly the same situation. At least in this case, the fact that they are on the way to rave justifies the way the girls are dressed. They look bad from a place running around the woods in the cute little halters, but at least they thought they were dressed for this occasion. Clint Howard, who is obviously the most interesting in the movie, brings absolutely terrible performance, the spectacle of which is blurred by every other actor in the movie. I can not stand it when famous actors change their accents in movies, it's so seldom effective, and Howard here shows that it's just flat that a famous actor pretends to be this hard-chested fisherman with a dirty voice of breathing salty air. He could not even do well. It sounded like she ate a cinnamon roll before shooting and accidentally inhaled some powdered sugar or something. Great, Clint! I expected more of him, but then again agreed to look at this mess. Once we get to the island, the film temporarily turns into one of the 13th Friday films that took place in Camp Crystal Lake. A lot of teenagers played actors who were too old to get their parts naked and then kill. Nudity was impressive, I think, but let's take a moment to consider it. These kids pay almost two grenades to get to this island to go to the Rave of the Year, find NEVER and say: Well, who wants beer! Even the guy who pulled the stack from his wallets to get it everywhere did not notice that they found a full bar and did not see a lonely person. Here you have an entry from director Uwe Boll - There is alcohol! They do not notice that the party for which they came consists of no one except themselves! <br /> <br /> So, not only do they begin to drink, it does not mean that the whole party seems to free the island, but when one of the girls goes to the dark forest to find out where they are all (they pull one other girl and one of boys reluctantly), the guy and the girl who stay to break, decide that it will be a great idea to quickly break apart that they are alone. It's as if they were expecting the island to be empty, and now, as they rest from the people they came to, they were gone for a while, they would have some privacy because no one else is around them. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> Now for the things that everyone hated, according to the ratings I read about the movie. Yes, interfering the video game footage with the movie, mostly to show that yes, the movie was faithful / direct copying the video game. Sure, it was a stupid idea. I can not imagine who thought the little nugget, but worse than it's the time scenes of the balls that were thrown back and forth and over again. For the first time (at the point where I shot such a shot as if it were something original), it is more evident for the technique of the shot itself than for some dramatic meaning or the creation of any tension for the film . One of the things that makes a zombie movie haunted and gets you on the edge of your seat is to have them slowly but relentlessly to live people who are much quicker but still tired, running from where they travel, and with a terrible lack of things, with whom they fight the zombies. The first two films are made in the movie, the children are scared and do not have a lot of places to run because they are on the island, but because they catch a smuggler, heavily armed. I think it very strongly. I think these people have everything from machine guns to hand grenades that remove most of the strain coming from the dead. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno-slasher scene. Because rave never happened and I think since Uwe Boll thought people would be disappointed not to hear any techno music in the movie, there's one scene right in the middle where all the people are fighting live dead and it's surprisingly something of a music video. There is techno blasting music, while shots are edited together faster and faster until it's nothing but a blur of bloody shot, usually only about 5 frames long (which is about 1/6 second) blinking over the screen in time with the speed of techno music. Smart, I think, but it does not have a place in a horror movie because it completely removes any sense of ugliness or tension, even a rough effect because you do not have to see anything for so long to respond to it. You are just looking at how these images fly out of the screen and think about what the director was thinking when he decided it would be a good idea to put something like that in the movie. <br /> <br /> He saw that a lot of people compare this movie to Resident Evil, mostly claiming to copy his premise, and they're right. I appreciate that at least here, as was the case with Resident Evil, there was no human virus that transformed people into dead people who were able to infect other people, changed them the way vampires hurt others. 28 days later it was also a clear inspiration for this film, it's simply bad that the House of the Dead did not even make one original thing, except for the somewhat sad idea of ​​embedding the quick footage of the video game on which it is based in case you forget. I really think it should be a much better film. While of course I can not say that you know very well about the game on which it is founded, only the title and film poster deserve a much better film, but unfortunately I think it's more often than with horror films. It's really a little sad when a movie that is so obviously promoted as a horror-free film and the worst thing in the whole movie is a shot that suggests the possibility of continuing.
