Introduced and exhausted, because the kidney strand was intertwined with a merry urine device, with absolutely nothing better than to put the painkiller into a semi-oblivion, it happened to me that I caught the film on the cable. I would not want someone to think I paid to see it in the cinema or rent it, did not it? heaven benefit! ??? that I saw STRAIGHT. <br /> <br /> After this sensationally awesome video game and furiously sneaking through the evil room and the terrible passes of the house, fighting with Chariot (Type 27), The Hanged Man (Type 041) and other impossible sentinels, my curiosity was piked the game will be converted to a movie screen. It is not. Banal plot revolves around a group of "crazy kids" ?? to Scooby Doo? visiting a remote island for a "shaking" world? no matter what. (Are you kids with hula-circles and your mini-skirts and your Pat Boone?) After bribing the ship's captain in cash to transport them there (stupidity that begs his own network of rhetoric), they find "rave" deserted. Is there a mention of "house"? probably the titular house of the dead? but most of the action takes place on fake outdoor sets and other local places that are divorced from any hint of a haunted residence. Falling camcorder acts as a rear-view mirror, showing the island in horror ??? party?! Is that it? So this "rave" thing is just a "party"? In the great tradition of re-euphemizing "used cars" as "pre-owned" or "shock shocks" as "post-traumatic stress disorder", the word "party" is now too square for implanted metrosexual jags? <br /> <br /> They learn that the party has been divided by furious zombies. Intelligent thoughts stop here? I do not think the tips, which are called scriptwriters and directors, understand mythos as re-animation of the zombies. Zombies can not die? they are already UN-DEAD. They do not want to bleed, they do not know any pain. Unless their bodies are completely destroyed, they will continue to be animated. At least my Jamaican witch tells me. Which means that .45 has gotten into his "hearts", he will not stop them, or a machete to the body. And the explosion of the shotgun into the chest certainly DOES NOT encourage blood. At least in the video game logic, the shooter pumps so many circles into each monster that it's completely destroyed, leaving a dirty chestnut that can not animate again. Yet each model of actor-slash gets their moment Matrix-circular cameras, killing zombies on all fronts with individual balls and karate cavities to the sternum. Seriously, these zombies are far more inefficient than the Stormtroopers of "Return of the Jedi" who are eliminated when the Ewoks set off. I suppose the author of the film, Mark Altman, wrote not too "a free enterprise," feeling compelled to put a reference to Captain Kirk in the position of Jurgen Prochnow, who had to desperately need milk money to subside to appear in this aromatic infusion. There is also a link to Prochnow's first role in the gorgeous "Das Boot" when one of the untrained B-actors states that "looks like the captain of the U-Boat." "I wonder how many of the target audience of this film, with their eyes with square eyes, picked up ANY of the upcoming links to other movies, as when Prochnow declares:" Greet your little friend "and overtake his machine gun. /> <br /> The goal of the demographic team , which does not have the means to understand the vanity of the Sisyphean video game concept (ie the game ends when you die, you can not win), it's just a movie slasher for the homeless and soulless in heart, as a result, everyone will die at the right time, except for a heterosexual pair of attractive white Better use for this inadequate but yet misused movie budget could be sending out casting through the acting school, though Left Breast Ona Grauer did a good job as well as her real breast and slomo running scenes: invaluable! I really liked the last scene with by trying to act as if it was punctured, but it looked like <br /> <br /> Attempting to do something more with my time I pulled the digitally restored, 35th anniversary, a special edition, the wide anamorphic DVD "Manos: Hands of Fate". ??? drugs have been exhausting brains - now was there some good film work? (Movie Maniacs, visit: www.poffysmoviemania.com)
