There are people who will be something green! That's the only explanation I can offer why there's a House of the Dead. And that's just a scary part of the whole movie. It's so bad you go from the movies forever. I really wanted to turn it off and turn the TV on the color drying channel, but I was bound to my word to suffer the whole thing. I do not know why I'm doing the wrong things for myself. <br /> <br /> It is as if it is the basic assurance of the 'story' here. A group of twenty people is so desperate to go to an island in the Northwest Pacific (Canada, in fact, because it's cheap) for the "Rave Century" (which consists of about 8 people and un-raving music) that they pay for some rock- fishermen of $ 1000 to take them there after they missed the main ferry. It must be a bastard who should be worth it! The fisherman warns them that the island is also known as the Island of the Dead (say - I thought it was the house of the dead) and that all are condemned yadda yadda yadda. First defects here. Why would a small tiny bastard (from a century) hold on any remote island? Why would someone willingly pay a lot of money to get it? Why pay even more to the old fisherman to take them back when they can come back with others? When he arrives, he finds out that the stallion (which consists of 2 tents, a small stage and a port-a-john) was broken, blood is blooming, and nobody around. What would every reasonable person do? Of course, they were driving their lives. But no, these guilty, apparently blind people decide to go looking. Soon he will discover an old house that is 50 times as big as it is outside. Another half-hour of tribulations in the forest follows as an excuse to kill some of the lesser characters and after a long damnation they return back to the house. Characters, like a movie, go nowhere. <br /> <br /> The jamming of this terrible catastrophe is the redundancy of crazy dialogue, the fearsome acting, the mumbo-jumbo exhibition, and the mocking clips of the once-popular arcade game the same name. Why it was generally accepted as a good idea with the creators I will never know. Clips have no reference to any of the scenes, and this waste is degraded even more if it is possible. It has nothing to do with playing the game, except some cheap, ending. Resident Evil looks like movie fame. Even the Double Dragon movie seems to be a multi-Oscar good compared to this junk. The only one who is still intact with his dignity is Jurgen Prochnow. He could only take his money and run away, but he tries to do the best with this horrible script and brings a little pathos to his character. The rest of the dreaded bag is scared. The characters are idiots and deserve to die. Moreover, if you cut out strict and unnecessary nudity, I see no reason why this movie could not be shown on Saturday morning. It's not terrifying. Pirates of the Caribbean are more terrifying than the males in this movie. And where do all the bad guys come from? There were few people on the island. I think that justifies the reason why they decided to use the record again and again. I do not want you to see the same zombies die a dozen times. Who is ultimately blamed for the scandalous celluloid waste? None other than director Uwe Boll. His control of the film does not exist. You can clearly see that the actors have no idea what they should do, and that the zombies do not really take it seriously. The actors look like they're reading cards with friends because they're constantly stopping in the middle of long sentences and talking as they see another card. It all seems very unnatural. <br /> <br /> Plus the movie is filmed as a two-part mini-series. I really saw better TV productions. And do not let me start editing. The film is a disjointed blabber with thousands and thousands of unnecessary shots and dozens of absurd cameras. No real ability or talent has been incorporated into it at all. This really excludes and fades the mind of how the films of this irresistibly bad can get, and George A. Romero can not even get someone to accept his calls. The House of the Dead makes some idiot reference to Romer in a lazy attempt to be postmodern but just irritates that he thinks he is in the same league as a real zombie movie. it's worth the 1.85: 1 anamorphic image looks great and the Dolby 5.1 soundtrack is pure but very unpredictable and only serves to pronounce heavily overdrawn ADRs even more. The DVD comes with accessories, but why torture itself. Is this not a caution warning? Do not approach! You are all condemned, I tell you! Injury! Doomed !!!
