Lynn Hollister, a small-law lawyer, travels to a nearby business town, linked to the death of his friend Johnny. (Yes, Lynn is a man in spite of a feminine Christian name, are screenwriters trying to mention the fact that John Wayne's birth name was "Marion"?) Hollister first considers Johnny's death as an accident but soon realizes that Johnny was murdered. Further investigations reveal the network of corruption, crime and election struggles associated with Boss Cameron, the front light in the city's political machine. It sounds like a story of a frantic crime thriller, perhaps made in film noir style, which became popular in 1941. It is not. The "Man betrayed", despite his theme, is more like a light romantic comedy than a criminological drama. Hollister falls in love with the attractive daughter of Sabra Cameron, and the film then focuses on their romance as exciting elements. This movie could work only if it was created as a direct serious drama. One reviewer claims that John Wayne is not a lawyer at all, but a cowboy could not play in any movie, and a heavy crusader attorney who takes over the forces of organized crime would probably be in his compass. Where I agree with this reviewer, that's when he says Wayne was not anything Cary Grant does. A romantic comedy just was not on the street. One of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors may be required to play any role their boss requires, regardless of whether they are on their street or not, and how Wayne was one of the few major stars who work for Republic Pictures undoubtedly wanted to get as many miles out of him as they could. <br /> <br /> It said that Cary Grant himself did not make A Man Weakened work as a comedy. This is not the reflection of his comical talents; it's a reflection of the complete lack of entertainment material in this movie. I doubt if anyone, no matter how good their sense of humor, could find something to laugh at him. The weak tone of the film is not a successful comedy; it simply prevents him from taking seriously as anything else. This is one of the movies that are neither fish, nor meat nor chickens, nor good red herring. 3/10
