At first I did not know anything about "Maze and Monster" before I looked at it. I did not know that there was discussion about the role behind it or that it was a movie made for television. When I looked at the cover (updated DVD) I seriously thought it would be another Fantasy adventure as a 'Legend', with Tom Hank as a nasty hero from the 1980s when a country enters the mythical world to rescue the princess from the evil maze filled monsters. Sounds exciting, does not it? This gives you a cover at first glance. I received this film as a present, of course under the same premise, because my aunt knows I'm in action movies with a medieval myth. And he has Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I discovered this movie and I expected Tom Hanks to feel good in the world of 80th world special effects, which would be good for laughter. No! None of this will happen. Now that I'm going to continue, I confess I'm nerd, but I'm not interested in role-playing games. That's all about this movie, so my interest in content is lukewarm in the best of luck. And M & M (copyright infringement?) It's not even a good movie based on roles with mistresses who use their imagination to enter the world of astonishment. No! This is the Anti-Role film that some religious people had to do (the same people who also think that Barney is the work of Satan.) I understand Satan is a smart person, but I do not think he is desperate enough for souls to fall on lovers RPG to his worship. This film is THEE anti-gamer movie. That's what I got from this movie: hates the RPG and not only makes fun of people involved in role-playing but it makes poor Tom Hanks a mental patient. Tom had an excuse to talk with Castaway volleyball, the poor man was alone, but Tom somehow made his foolish fun, and you've literally seen Volleyball as a good figure thanks to Tom's good acting. I wish I could watch the movie instead. In this film, Tom is attacked by an incredible dragon creature (it looks like a badly made mascot for the RPG team) and has split personalities that are at best scary. Tom's acting exceeds just to feel bad about his character and nothing else. I understand that the poor man has lost his brother, and because of this he is not right in the head, so the film gets points for being deliberately tragic. I'm not one for the films that use mental illness and the end to "M & M" made me cr * p. Fortunately, I watched "Hudson Hawk" and I really laughed before my soul crushed. Yeah, "HH" overcomes "M & M" from. . . many! This is not one of Tom's better movies. In fact, it's the most used movie I've ever seen (even "Saving Private Ryan" is not that depressing). I went in the hope that I was looking at a good film and ended up feeling the opposite. If you want to watch a sad (both emotionally and visually) film, then watch it all. If this movie wants to pass a message, it's this: "Do not play an RPG if you're a cuckoo for Coco-Puffs."
