Style, but no fabric. Not as fun as it should be. It's not as deep as it wants to be. This is another in the film-making genre. The young filmmaker is hired to complete the 60s sci-fi campaign called Codename: Dragonfly. Think of Barbarella or Danger Diabolique. But Jeremy Davies is an angry filmmaker. It's not hack that he's an artist. The film he wants to do is the diary of his life. Hardly original. <br /> <br /> All the characters outside of Jeremy Davies are as thin as rice paper. Interesting characters such as his father, his doppelganger, or Jason Schwarzmann as a hacker director are introduced and then showed the door without adding anything. This movie is full of eye candy, but when compared to other films about directors such as Stardust Memories or 8 1/2 it's fun in comparison. These films are funny, provocative and well-developed characters. These films have lessons that are paid out <br /> <br /> The film wants to be a comic and a camp, but it's just a derivative and there's no fun scene. Movie makers describe it as posting, but what is a satirical goal? Actors say it's a tribute, but I think I'd prefer the overall version of Codename: Dragonfly. <br /> <br /> Coppola is clearly amused by the setting, as is evident from the visual humor of sci-fi film in the movie. But he can not share why we should be entertained. Beyond science fiction, it's just a mess. There are continuity flaws, the film creator chooses a sci-fi weapon after it has already been selected. What the? Just because he has a scene, the filmmaker is confronted with critics who complain about the lack of a story, the lack of a point, the scene where he admits blank cleverness does not mean these critics. I think if your Roman Coppola can get away with shooting a film about an angry idealistic filmmaker who does not know what he wants to say so he'll end up saying nothing. In this sense it can be considered as autobiographical. I would like to watch her in the City circuit on a wall full of television if I had a choice. Check out the 15-minute Codename: Dragonfly movies that come with DVDs as add-ons, then send them back.
