Several weeks ago, the German TV channel "SAT1" broadcast this film as "TV Event of the Year" - I'm sorry, but this year I've seen better things on TV. <br /> <br /> I thought a lot about the movie, but I soon remembered two more terrible movies when I watched my ad - namely Titanic and Pearl Harbor, because the picture looked so familiar: "Heroin" (if I can really say) in the middle and her two "loved" beside her - Pearl Harbor, someone? In fact, the story of love for the poor man is the version of that in Pearl Harbor, and he was already poor! But when I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decided to watch this waste. The film begins with a doctor who left his family on a military strike against Russia near the end of the Third Reich promising his wife to come back. Now we are fast moving to the spring of 1948: Germany has lost its war, and the allies and Russia have captured the country, and both are trying to exclude each other from world power and their ideology: capitalism versus communism. Well, I think you already know the story because you have to know it - The film is not so much interested in it and literally consists of historical facts. The film attempts to portray the US government as angels, ignoring the contribution of other countries during air transport, especially the United Kingdom, which was responsible for almost a quarter of the rations, even though their country was bombed from a country they are trying to help. <br /> <br /> What was also a little annoying were the historical notes that people in the film said, as if the hero's mother told her daughter that Germany could be divided into two with the answer like: "That's impossible!" Or when Stalin (where the director thought the actor looked similar to a mustache and would look like him), says that Russia must stop the spread of "Coca Cola" in Germany. Sure, if Stalin ever said something like that. Or is there an American pilot who tells the boys about bread with meat and everything in it - please! Burgers were previously invented by WAY. In the movie you once saw the map showing the airlines, it is so much that the map looks like it came directly from the laser printer - in 48. American General Lucius Clay, who is the main idea to stay in Berlin, is portrayed as a human , which is bad and ruthless, and all the ideas he had historically, such as the airline, and the improvement of this idea came from the fictitious figure of Phillip Turner, the love of the main actress, which leads me to other aspects: there are not enough African-American soldiers in the movie, movies are like two! Also, relations between US soldiers and German civilians were not allowed, and by revealing such a relationship, an American soldier would be sent home. I do not want to say that there are no relationships at all, but in this film there was a couple who almost got married. If it was not the pilot's death in his fake CGI aircraft that looked terribly unrealistic, especially CGI fire! If that were not enough, all the Americans in this film spoke German without accent, even though they were only a few months old in Germany - I seem to be also an American living in Germany for my whole life and even a bit of accent. He was a remarkably bad actor - the children had two expressions on his face: "Normal - he looked - monotonously - like a robot" and was smiling. The whole movie was boring from the beginning to the end, moving too slowly, especially the love story that was the same as in Pearl Harbor, with only half the dialogue. The sad part is that the movie was very successful - 8.97 million watched the first part and 7.83 million the second part a day after SAT1 received two consecutive winnings in the overall market share and a staggering victory in the relevant business group. But as always I think: The largest stack of bull cache is the place where most flies will get.
