Resnais, wow! Genius, who brought us Hiroshima Mon Amour, will take on the challenge of making the French musical of the 1930s lively. Opening the voice with old, decorated intertexts was a pleasant touch. Then, the aperture of the camera (as well as the old handwheels) opens on a black and white label. The camera turns off (or rather upwards), suddenly showing us the surprisingly brilliant colors of the elegant table set for the tea party. This is all in the first 60 seconds. <br /> <br /> Then the music starts. Rather banal and unforgettable diddy representing a non-convincing choir of 3 girls who babble some nonsense that has no meaning for the film (and yes, I speak French, so I can not blame it for the subtitles). Those characters will untie the door and replace them with more people who get into a more forgotten song. Then they left and eventually Audrey Tautou appears and we hear our first noticeable dialogue 15 minutes into the movie. I'm not sure what Resnais intended by starting to waste time and musical cacophony with such a yawn. However, the effect on the viewer means you want to skip the skittles on the screen and go out. I endured. <br /> <br /> He did not get much better. I'll tell you why. There is absolutely no acquaintance with any of the characters. We do not even see their faces (as Resnais seems too willing to show the dear scene that takes care of the real people in front of the camera). People throw themselves on and off as a moth around a lamp and we spectators can not concentrate on any particular person or conspiracy. It's like you should take every episode of Brady's band and put it into a two-hour movie. With bad songs. The only thing that kept me as long as I did (1 hour) was that I was looking at camera techniques, lighting and scenery, all of which I admit, great. But is it enough to attract attention for 2 hours? I do not. Maybe tomorrow I'll try to see the end. Aw, with whom I'm kidding. I have even more important things. I'm sure he does. Skip it.
