First of all I would like to mention that I really enjoyed the previous movie "Samehada Otoko na Momojiri Onnu" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"). Although he owed Tarentin's "Pulp Fiction," Ishii's cast had the task of conveying the story, and the whole movie burst with energy. The scenes between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya were especially fascinating. It was action, intrigue, bizarre characterization, enough sex to make things interesting and totally unpredictable story line. So it was with some expectation and optimism that I started to watch "Party 7". And my enthusiasm was certainly full of the initial credits left by my wife and I am really impressed by how dynamic and exciting they are; mix anime and live action was great! Then he started a real movie. In fact, it was not so much that "started" as a second-round overturning in the side door and stood there and walking through the pockets, it seemed uncomfortable. The whole movie takes place in three rooms. One of them is a futuristic voyeur paradise (borrowed a bit from "Shark Skin Man ..."), another is a travel agency office, and the third (and the most used) is a complicated hotel room. There are seven characters in that room and ... she is doing nothing. Really. I'm no stranger to "talk" about movies. One of my favorite favorite movies is "My Dinner with Andre," the most wanted of all the talking films. "My dinner with Andre" is very exciting and only two middle-aged men discuss their dinner life. The key is that Andre Gregory and Wallace Shawn tell interesting stories. The cast of "Party 7" literally just kneels herself for the whole movie. "No no!" "Yes!" "No, really not!" "Yes, indeed, yes!" "No, really, not really!" Yes, really ... "" I hope you will. "" Party 7 is an incredibly unengaging movie. There are only the poorest of land (money stolen from Yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ..."), accompanied by almost no action. There is no interesting dialogue. The characters are largely uninteresting. It was as if Ishii had taken thoughtful interview moments from Tarentin's films and built the whole film around them. But Tarentino's interviews always have their own inner logic and joke ("They call it" Royale with cheese. ") Not so in a dialogue that is duller than you can imagine If it was not for the short, merry story of Gashuin always awesome) and weak performance from the amazing ASANO Tadanobu, I would give "Party 7" one star. It was really a fool to get it all through.
