Since I've seen three more, I thought I could do it for the fourth TV series The Omen. As a stand alone film, this film is average; but as a continuation of the masterpiece of 1976; it's travesty. The film goes on in the same way that a series of "go down when their thoughts occur, that it is the idea of ​​changing the male to a woman." It is always clear that this film was made for television because acting is very standard, the plot lacks ideas and scary the murderous scenes recorded in the previous three are kept at a helpless minimum, the film preserves the thread with an original that I will not reveal as obvious, that the apparition is one of the most interesting aspects of the film. the couple adopted a baby they named Delii (not Damiella or Damiana, fortunately) There is a big dog and a baby and soon a woman starts to think that the baby may not be normal because she is menstrual at age eight and never suffered from any illness ... The first two sequels, The Omen, were not bad at all, and the show really should be over I to the third. I think there were some money, which enjoy because there is no artistic reason why it should be this film made. That does not mean anything that could mean originality, and the only thing he can do is the unpleasant fans of the show. The film looks and feels like a television movie all the time, and is mostly played as a film about the uneasy upbringing of a young girl. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a little female; but never convinced she was Antichrist because her gaze is redundant and most of the "evil" she's doing is ridiculous. Faye Grant gets the most important role and does not work; while the rest of the pity regretted the stars in such a terrible waste of time. The only good thing about this movie is the theme of tuning, which, of course, has been torn apart from the original; and is being overused. Overall, this film really is not worth seeing; because it does not provide anything that the series knows about, and does not even correspond to the weaker second.
