and that was it. It is thanks to my experience that when a horror film reaches the franchise status and the subsequent titles are released later, everyone is again confronted with one unavoidable factor: irrelevance. Omen IV: Awakening does not interfere with this rule, representing another young child, who allegedly embrace the role of Antichrist predicted by religious prophecy. Did not we see it before? Was not it enough that we experienced the rise and fall of Damien Thorn during the three films before this release? If you're a horror enthusiast like me, you realize that it's common for a horror film that has plenty of sequels and ancestors to make it disappear into redundancy - Corn Children, Hellraiser, Phantasm; the list goes on. At this point in the game, I'm sure you know what you can expect when you're ready to see the fourth title in the series. Regardless of this, there are times when you sit down and realize how unfortunate some filmmakers are. Omen IV: Awakening is also a self - defeating way to make money. <br /> <br /> This film does not offer anything new or interesting for Omen. As unique and original as Omen IV tries to compare with his siblings, similarities and conspiracies are embarrassing. Elements such as watch dog, priest involvement, skepticism of the people involved, deadly death scene (apparently homage to the original film when a journalist is mowed with glass) ... even when his father engages in politics and prestige within the community makes it too predictable. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to play a B-rated cast in a horrific title that far into the series, acting is out of charts, full of laughter and unintentional humor due to some of the poorly delivered lines throughout the movie. The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three titles. In addition, the epic score made up of Goldsmith in previous films was replaced by a hearing debacle; an absolute joke, and made me wonder if it was really meant to be used for this movie or just pulled out of the "bank" of the stock sound ... which really says something, because I rarely comment on the misuse of a musical score - so far. <br /> <br /> Overall I would call Omen IV: Awakening Failure. In the world of horror films that have a long list of titles behind them, some have managed to hit the mark and some do not. If you are interested in creating another notch on an enlarged horror strip, what I'm doing for finishing, you could also drop it off - if not for entertainment value - then appreciate when the movie is right or wrong.
