*** SPOILERS *** Like any bad combination of Tinkers-to-Evers-to-Chance double-play, we have the evil seed of the late Antichrist Damien Thorn in Omen IV. He terrorized his parents with his neighbor's classmates and finally the whole world as she named Delia York, Asia Vieila. After being devoted to the "earnest" pair of Yorks Karen & Gene, Fay Grant and Michael Woods, the Catholic Church is St. Francis the orphan. <br /> <br /> Little Delia wasted no time for her peasants to feel scratching her mother for a party. Later Delia almost kills a traveled truck, only to save herself with this "Devil's Dog" by Ryder. Going to school, Delia takes care of the local beating by getting a big guy to turn in front of all the classmates. Later, when his father threatens the Yorkers with a legal suit, he has his head cut in a spontaneous traffic accident! Delia is someone you'll never talk to if you know what's good for you. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Fat Father Gene becomes a big man in the city himself, or thinks that by being elected to a congress as a clean air champion and green crowd crowd instead of smog and concrete the boys took over the district with his eyes now at the White House itself! Was it his brother and strange daughter Delia, who has to do with Geneye York's sudden happiness? It's later when Jo, Ann Hearen, was hired as a Delia nanny that the truth arises about her strange and evil powers. Yeah, like the New Age, she realizes that Delia is a little weird after she turned all her white black crystals and called her New Age Guru Noah, Jim Byrnes to come and check her. Noah is so upset about what he sees in the colorful vibrations of Delia Kirilian, all black and blue with a little red line, so it gets so bad that he almost crashed into Delia's mummy. on a trip to the Jo Delia psychic festival turn the whole event into hell, making a place, through mental telepathy, in a fire and lifting everyone there to run on the cover, including the poor Noah who was at the festival and ended up with his leg broken. The ruined and shaken Guru was so shaken by the whole experience that she later left the country to become a hermit in the Tibetan wilderness. <br /> <br /> She is later thrown out, with the help of a sweet and plush family pet Ryder, from the second floor window to her death because she knew and talked too much. Only when Karen is pregnant again decides to finally find the truth about Delia's real parents. Then she, and we in the audience, face the truth. It's not just the dreaded Antichrist revelation that he's his twins. Her brother Antichrist is about to come to the scene as her child brother, who became an unborn son of York. Three times were more than enough for Antichrist to return to Earth to bring Armageddon. The movie, which became a public, was a bit tired of him and his evil adventures. There is no need since Thursday, because the original Antichrist Daimen Thorn was dead and buried for many years. They were out of the usual ringing, and no one believed that little Delia was "You" Antichrist until it was too late to stop her in her deadly circles of destroying the entire human race. The film as bad as it is is also too long, 97 minutes, for horror film that could well say it's a story that's just 80 minutes. The pupil and later former Catholic sister Yvonne, Megan Lehch and now healer Felichy in the film, only to be killed, did not help even the plot. It only prolonged the suffering of those of us who watched the movie. There was a surprise that ended shortly after the film "Omen IV" began, with bases dedicated to the ultimate takeover of a civilized and uncivilized world. What a little surprised was Delia, with little help from friends.
