Omen IV: Awakening starts at St. Frances Orphanage ", where her husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) received the sister daughter of Yvonne (Megan Leitch), whom they accepted, named Delia: First things go well, but when they go through Delia Varenus grows up, Karen becomes suspicious with her death and catastrophe, Karen believes she is evil, Karen finds she is pregnant but discovers a sinister conspiracy to use her as a surrogate mother for another Antichrist she gets shocked when she finds out who the real father is Delie ... <br /> <br /> Originally being governed by Dominique Othenin-Girard who either left or was released and was replaced by Jorge Montesi who finished the film though why he has been harassed, someone is guessing as Omen IV: the awakening is utterly terrible and shame as compared to pretending ancestors Brian Taggert's screenplay is cheerful bad, I'm not sure if this nonsense really looked good j like a written word on paper, but there are so many things I'm doing that make it hard to believe. As a serious film Omen IV: AWakening falls on his face and it really works better when you look at it as a comedy spoof, I think the scene will end when the detective comes face to face with a group of Zombie Carols singers singing a sinister gothic song, they must be seen to believe, and I thought it was totally cheerful and ridiculous as well. Then there is the pointless difference between this and other movie films, because this time she's a young girl, the question I'm asking here is why? Seriously, why? There is no reason at all and is not used at all. Then, of course, there is a silly intervention at the end that claims that Delia holds her fraternal embryo inside her and that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of Satan believers she was implanted in Karen to give birth to the Antichrist, she finds it as ordinary. At first, it has a certain amount of fun in how bad it is, but unintentional gaiety gives way to total boredom rather than later. It is obviously impossible to know how much Omen IV: Awakening was directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can say that everything was not good behind the camera because it is a shabby, cheap looking badly made film that was actually made for television and shows with vague, flat and non-imaginative film and production design. Then there is a total lack of fear, atmosphere, tension and gore, which are the main elements that have made the previous Omen films so effective. The budget had to be fairly low and the movie looks as if it were. The best stylish thing about Omen IV: Awakening is the ultimate shot in which the camera rises in the air as Delia walks away and uncovers a cross-shaped cross created by two overlapping paths, but it is the last last shot of the final credits moving, which says almost all. I have to mention music that sounds terrible, more suitable for comedy and is very inappropriate. Acting is fine, but as usual the child is scaring. Omen IV: Waking up is rubbish, it's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and just ends up stupid. The director's change probably did not help, but that's not yet justification. The Last Movie Omen, which dates back to the original The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) and Last Conflict (1981).
