I recently decided to visit the The Omen trilogy again just to find that {insert demonic music here} is the fourth one. I did not expect much from this, and certainly fulfilled my expectations in this respect. If you look at bad movies, then it can be the movie for you. Oh, where do we start from? From the beginning, the movie "made for television" was a film to look and feel. Music has often been inappropriately linked to what's happening in the movie and therefore (at best) disturbing. The script had all the strains of eight years of fictional work. But one thing that needs to be said is that the missing script was very well associated with frightening gaming. Many scenes allowed me to think about whether it was the script or the acting that was the source of ridicule. The story itself is rather thin and focuses on all the crazy tendencies of Damien Thorn's daughter, who were accepted by poor and badly executed nuns. There is the usual amount of mysterious and intricate deaths that personally drew me as a "drama" developed and customary third party investigator into the whole affair. Later, through some medical phenomena, Damien Thorn Jnr was born. And it does quite a plot. The whole thing is misplaced from the beginning with a lack of tension, making the film monotonous and / or ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Was there a lot of WTF?!? also moments that provide an unintentional comedy. For example, what is the main reaction at the beginning of a movie when a child scratches a mother's face? It's barely 360 degrees. I also laughed at the excess of baptism. The baby is weeping and everyone looks very concerned. The suffering mother runs out of the church and the priest remains very scared when she crosses. Huh? Then she is a new caregiver who seems to have a white book and exhibits an eighty-year-old all-encompassing spiritual style. I laughed as the nanny suggested to bring Delia Delia to a psychic appointment to meet her hippie friends, and her mother only shrugged and allowed her. "Yeah, that's groovy, fill my troubled eight-year-old daughter with all those mystic things. That's cool, I do not have to be there." Of course, it could be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to accept a fully-developed Rottweiler who they meet on a street that could bite little girls as a snack. The whole scene at the psychological fair is fairly comic in a terrible way, from the terrified reactionary view of the psychics on Delia to the subsequent inferno. I also laughed at how it is considered by the death of a nun "unfortunate accident". Here we have a religious affiliation (which is described as part of a cult) that fanatically preaches in a hole full of rattlesnakes to prove how God's glory protects. She hits the snakes by manipulating them and sometimes bites them several times. Unfortunate accident. More like a successful suicide attempt. <br /> <br /> The snakes-vs-nun scene was not the only comic death. There is a slow speed traffic accident causing decapitation in the school car park. Then there's a slow demolition going straight for the detective. I believe I could go and get some coffee when the slow movement just started to come back to see the demolition that was still aimed directly at the "interested" detective. Then there is the quintessential death of a cliché that has a cliché where it shoots a gun, and both behave as if they were shot for several seconds while exchanging horrified looks. Then someone goes up the stairs and finds out who the real victims are. Moreover, the death of the priest at the beginning of the film seemed a little strange and useless. He walks around and looks at the architecture of the church. Obviously, this rather terrible, eventually collapses, holds her finger and dies. There seemed to be something demoniac, as music suggests. Ummm. OK. <br /> <br /> I am surprised that others have judged this film favorably and especially as a "dignified sequel". It's hard not to miss a non-sensational scenario, unrealistic behavior, and an inappropriate musical score. The film has no tension, relying heavily on Delia's "demonic view" to provide a sense of horror, which after a short time is somewhat poisoned. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This is a bad movie with a single redemption that is an unintentional potential for comedy.
