Only Antichrist could be such a disaster. One just hopes that this irony is the motivating force behind the "movie"! This movie was so bad that I was forced to register with IMDb, finally, just to destroy it. What makes this film even more tragic is that it has such a Great Source Material! I have never seen a movie where all the elements would be so grotesque to make the result less than the sum of its parts. It may seem insignificant, but I would like to start the score. As a proud owner of a musical title, I have to register my indignation! I was torn between laughs and dry turns as I listened to what Johny Scheffer did to Goldsmith's great score; it was much more terrible than any bourgeois death scene and almost as inadvertently comic. It was by far the most unfavorable score I have ever heard, but I really can not think of worse. Maybe JAWS 4? As for the plot ... I'm sorry. New Age mysticism ??? What ever happened with the harsh realism of the original trilogy? In these films (rather in the first two than the third but still !!) the supernatural was largely implicit, and that was the subtlety that made the movies so credible. Here we have black crystals (we call all Skeksy and Mystics !!) and inverted cruisers, even if in certain scenes the crusaders would be quite normal, but for the angle of the camera. Gone is the advanced psychological manipulation that affects the illness that is inherent in our collective psyche: in its place is the crisp "weak face" of recycled cliché and transparent incompetence. Add a leading actress to that, which is so incredibly owed to the fact that we thank the director for the missing scenes. I have never seen a girl so irritating, because Stephanie destroyed ALL IN THE FAMILY. Besides, I do not have any strong feelings on this topic ;-) Fortunately, the first three films are smart enough to make this wreck of unnecessary celluloid insignificant, or most of all, studying the NON-PRODUCING film. Browser beware! It may cause vomiting if you are lucky.
