After just 15 minutes into this film, I began to omit the earlier, more serious films by Zhang Yima, who researched China's politics and society from unique perspectives. His march to martial arts films was in my humble opinion a serious problem. The hero was the worst film from Operation Cougar, which had an unnecessarily complicated story and was more wooden than that found in John Agar. Shi Mian Mai Fu is no different. As an American who has been studying Chinese movies for a number of years (and can understand and speak some Mandarin), I'm sure my opinion differs from many others because I come from a different environment. The SMMF, as well as the hero, is not really a traditional kung fu film, and it is definitely not a wuxia piano movie. There are no swords and witchcraft or knightly elements. This is a completely different vehicle than infinitely more observable films such as the Chinese spirit story (all three), butterfly murder, green snake and bikes. While all of them performed charismatic customers who looked like they really enjoyed what they were doing, the SMMF offers a loud and sometimes ridiculous dialogue combined with a cardboard asset. Zhang Ziyi plays a blind man like Ben Affleck. In this movie is a movie with superiority, which is quite insulting. It gets so serious, but it will become a huge joke until the end. All actors look as if they were the most important piece of celluloid in history, destroy any chance of a real feeling of emotion, and full humor to really wonder if Zhang Yimou made the movie as such, or simply an ega booster for Zhang Ziyiho. The camera literally makes her face and she's sexually attacked not once, but twice in the movie. Her acting range did not really affect her ability to play naive "itching." She's so focused on her acting, she's been as cool and lifeless as she could read her lines from her banknote. It's so funny to hear American critics, and movie people (like Quentin Tarantino's utter helplessness) call this film a masterpiece. I think if he sees a lot of Asian actors who look really important on flying bamboo forests on the screen, they are deceived by thinking it's a brilliant film. Ching Siu Tung's choreography, while preserving his style, editing and trademark status, lacks the vitality and originality of his earlier films, such as The Story of Chinese Ghosts, Dragon Inn and Duel to Death. Sadly, cabling in this movie is really subordinate, and if there is under / obvious wirework, then you probably did not shoot it at high speed. The same applies to special effects that have a different B-film for them. Beans, daggers, bowls, arrows, swords, and other random objects fly through the air (after the shooting) regardless of logic, rotation, climbing and banking as if there were a small pilot. I know that the logic in stylized Chinese martial arts movies does not play, but if you do not want your audience to generate a lot of giggle, you probably have to work on your composition a little bit more. Meat melodrama, inadvertently humorous dramatic moments, boring battle scenes, a truly unspoken plot of conspiracy are what awaits you with Shi Mian Mai Fu. Obviously, Zhang Yimou no longer provides films for the Chinese audience. The goal is to merge into the Western market as well as CTHD. After watching Hero and SMMF, I came to the conclusion that if Zhang Yima wants to make Hollywood movies, it is definitely at the right time. SMMF is basically Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts films. And I thought Hero was bad.
