Okay, so I leased the clown like the Chainsaw-Massacre-esquire movie, did not expect much, but I liked the new approach to the serial killer. (from the back of the clipboard is the following synopsis) "It was just a joke - the myth surrounding the campfire - for five buddies who stayed in a remote cabin in the Texas woods, but once they disappeared one, replaced by scattered, bloody body parts and voodoo paintings , the remaining pieces for their lives, but it's out there and he's sick and all he wants is blood ... "So of course, of course, it makes no sense: why is the clown in the woods at the beginning? Why a clown? Why are their dolls with the word "food" drawn on them? Why why? At this hour and 30 minutes, almost nothing is said. he heard, except where the clown lived. Characters are stupid boys, stupid girls and hell hell. Especially she's the girl they brought from the restaurant on the way they thought they should help because she got some guy she knew. What does it guarantee as a justification for giving a girl to your circle of friends or their cabin? She, of course, begins to plant the seeds of jealousy because men have sex with her by feeding their stupid minds all they want to hear. Music was an average matter (standard frenzied keyboard music as in any horror movie without any difference). The actors seemed to be brought out of some soap opera as they complained and screamed for everything. The notion that the main boy in the movie takes this girl into the cabin because their first date makes a terrible date, but of course she surrenders her unrealistically the first night she knows them. It seemed nothing to be exhausted, but in the forest there lay clown clothing in the woods and a lot of cheap dolls worth $ 1, which was a terrible place to shoot the whole movie (it was too many times). I also waited for the clown to enter the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the movie (maybe through the glass), but nothing as exciting as if it had entered the movie. I think you would like the clown to be a murderer or something. I had to give the movie 3. It was an interesting assumption (clown like a massacre in Texas) I'm going to give them a star that I played really all the time when the movie could have been a B-style video but they decided for a legitimate video style. But ultimately, I would feel as if he had to rent Killer Klowns from Mars before I returned to see. Oh, but that artwork ... pretty wonderful drawings.
