How do I start exploring a movie that will soon be considered the "worst film of all time" from "the worst director of all time?" A movie that could develop a cult because it's "so bad, is it good?" An analytical approach to criticism seems to be unnecessary as part of the band-wagon syndrome - because every other person on earth does it and the people who like the movie, like the bugs we would quote. The film is a universal poor quality of course - "Sixteen Years of Alcohol" is not without the title of the worst film, so it has to be somewhat lower to get the title and stick to it, but I believe this movie could go on. IMDb does not allow enough words to quote all film failures, and it's much easier to place the elements "Sixteen Years of Alcohol". Unfortunately, these moments of fame are still buried in the shadows of this film's poverty, that it is a task that is not worth it. I thought she knew what I was getting that I was warned to drink several cups of coffee before I sat down and watched this (I wish they were vodka). In spite of my little expectation, "sixteen years of alcohol" could not even talk about "do fun of bad movie". It's not just bad, but it's as bad as Jobson deliberately tried to make this movie poetic, but he went into excessive death and stuck his poet's neck to it, not to be deep but fun. .. And supposedly Jobson sincerely tried to make a good movie? Even after viewing the promotional literature "Sixteen Years of Alcohol" I have no difficulty in convincing Jobson's sincerity. Unnecessary and unpleasant to the end with a few smiles / laughs (all I'm sure no one deliberately) spiced the film and those few elements prevented me from turning off the DVD. So bad is that good? No. It just suffices, "I can not believe it's a serious film moments" to turn me off of it, and nothing more. Definitely watching the film with a group of bad-film connoisseurs. Get your own comment. That would mean more improvement for me. It's so bad that Mike Myers commented in his Scottish accent on how it runs to turn that piece of sludge into a comic farce. "You dare and give me everyday gliss of data wiskey."
