I feel like I had, the horses are on, they do not belong. After reading hot reviews (the director was a film reviewer with Sky for years, he must have a lot of friends in the press ready to do his favor by writing good reviews) I expected solid acting, atmosphere, tension, strong characteristics, interesting plot development and poetic moments . Unfortunately, "sixteen years of alcohol" does not respect critics' promises, for the most part sacrificing these qualities instead of cheesy low budget special effects (what was the cliché of spider for them?), Unrealistic combat choreography and thoughtless exhausting narrations, clichés and camera angles. "Sixteen Years of Alcohol" begins interesting with some beautiful scenes in Scotland, but from there it's uphill. Unfortunately, instead of spending a little time building up the atmosphere, creating a character that we can take care of, or building tensions - the director decides to start crazy with your own kindly heavy submission. The characters are so unpleasant and they are so bad - spectators do not care what happens to them, desperate actors do desperate things ... like this movie! To make it even worse, "awe" (typical of a director who is trying to pay his rewards to past masters) is either completely cliché or unconvincing. The soundtrack is the only thing that lifted me up and kept me in the cinema, but it even failed to support the dramatic narrative of another that connects with time to action. For some reason, the film has become flawed and totally honest. I was still following the damn thing! I think I liked the attempt at courageous realism in the movie, but it was even destroyed when they were often interrupted by strange and abstract, sometimes useless scenes. You do not need a huge budget to make a really moving movie about how little money you have to make this film has said that half a million is not a little money ... NEGATIVE! Sometimes I wondered what actors ... Or their agents were thinking! <br /> <br /> Walk this step if you are masochistic or unobtrusive as well .... NOT A LOCATION <br /> <br /> 1,5 / 10
