Users who rated this movie so simply could not see enough good films to compare them. Were all the washed up brains? I've rarely felt so disappointed with the film, and some of that must be attributed to the absurd hype that surrounds this movie. From the first BU is just a movie. We picked it up at the end of one persecution and went straight to the next. And more. And more. And more. Do you see a sample? There is practically no time "unnecessary" to conspiracy, character development or boring old reality. If you have not seen two more Bourne movies, you are quite lost. If you have - you just want to be lost - somewhere far from the cinema. <br /> <br /> The uncomplicated style of Paul Greengrass worked exceptionally well on United 93, which was a desperate overload of sentiment, but to Bourne and his endless tribulations it only resulted in the removal of viewers from engaging with the character. Running. Jump. He punches. He will be fired. It cleans high buildings. Yada yada yada. Above all, it survives. He survives as a plastic action man who survives, which makes only ridiculous pieces that he pulls even more and without any strain. So they're leaving the building? So what? It will survive. Yawn. The mix is ​​a girl because Bourne's love interest died in a previous incarnation, but it's just a decor. In Captain Scarlet's episodes, I saw more depth and depth of dialogue. Bourne's own way of literal self-discovery is boring and formless and does not tell us anything we did not know about the first film. It was transformed into a killing machine. Big deal. He will discover his true identity. So what? She has no emotional resonance. <br /> <br /> The 'twist' conclusion is telegraphed and weak. Oh dear, the more I think about this movie, the more I hate it! I already reduced my score to 4 when writing this comment! I'd rather end up before the slide continues. I love good movement and I love a good thriller. Bourne Ultimatum is not one. It is a loud, lengthy series of spectacular edits, ridiculous sound effects and cartoon violence. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​'pointing the way' to Frank Bond is utterly stupid. Casino Royale throws it out of the water.
