I could not believe that this film came from 2007, it had all the looks of a sublime horror film of the seventies. Have not any knowledge of modern special effects or CGI?!? Did they not know that in the post-war millennium would violence in the supposed horror and / or scifi film be at least a little bit graphic? Or do I have it wrong, should it be a deep and meaningful story about a man and a beast connected in a big life cycle or a warning to humanity that it does not break with nature or something? It does not matter how it turned out wrong, and for me the movie failed on all accounts. Above all: the premise is very unlikely. If you could replace the full eye at this point, no responsible physician should start your first human trial with both eyes at the same time, it is totally unprofessional. And doing everything obviously without the informed consent of the patient ?! And why choose on earth the eyes that have a totally unusual color for the people and cause the victim to look odd? By the way, I noticed that all the real wolves in the movie had a puppy like normal dark eyes, could not wait for such a specimen? The story is lame, it's about this poor Aaron who gets these strange eye transplants, which suddenly feels like a donor wolf (or at least that's what I'm doing), and then he is being pursued by some military men. Especially this last bit is ridiculous. I mean, I understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment (imagine the soldiers with the night vision!), But because the surgery fails because of the apparent nervous breakdown of the patient, it is behind me why it "goes to kill him." Why do not you leave him and look for him (a volunteer soldier maybe?) And why try to kill everyone else who is dealing with the poor Aaron is not that a bit steep? Who the hell are these soldiers, I hope not the American army or government, they behave like psychopaths, walking around the hospital with a wave of automatic weapons, attacking private flats like a public enemy # 1, showing up in the forest an absolute lack of discipline, like a lot of scared schoolboys, panic and shooting randomly around Aaron, for some insurmountable medical reason , after the transplant, she feels like a wolf, why would it be? She suddenly sees the vision of werewolves. Do you believe that the memories of the donor-wolf are in his eyes? And that the recipient of these eyeballs also accepts the wolf the desire for red (life) mass and can jump out of the balcony at a height of 30 feet and undamaged on his four like a cat wolf even do? ?). The deal (or its deficiency) did not help to the credibility of all this: all of them encounter their lines as wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl, may be nice, but she can come with only one expression (vexed) and some uninterested mumbles about the power of nature and me hitting why Aaron is all over her everywhere (but hey, probably had to be at least one love scene!). I really sympathized with actress Cory Monteith, who looks like a pretty guy with a nice face, but he did not give him much to do. He has to go through more than half of the naked chest movie, which could be fun to watch, but then pick someone with a more impressive figure, Monteith should really leave his shirt. His (few) killings and attacks are barely shown, we just heard some cries and scream of fear, and then another victim lying and Aaron with some other blood on his face and chest. Not much for modern science fiction horror! The only good actress came from Justine Bateman, and I really like seeing her mature in a beautiful and elegant 40-year-old lady. She did what she could, her stupid lines, and even convinced me that she was a good-looking physician, but her character had made such a chance that the leader of these soldiers would develop. What a shame that the script did not do it any more! <br /> <br /> Finally, it finds a stupid and somewhat boring movie, just scary or exciting, with incredible goings-on, lots of supernatural ideas from National Geographic as wolves running around forests and slopes (who cares ?!) some challenging Indian ramblings about man and nature and uneven musical scores with poppy songs at the most inappropriate moments. I think the word "superfluous" covers it.
