Hybrid begins as a nurse on planet Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that leaves him blind. Fortunately, the brilliant scientist Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris, has developed an operation to transplant organs from one species to another, Hewitt decides that Aaron will be ideal for his first human experiment. Hewitt and her team transplanted Wolf's eyes to Aaron and he miraculously regains his gaze. Brilliant, right? Well, no, because Aaron starts crazy when he sees random wolf images and begins to create a desire for blood. Aaron escapes from the Olaris building and escapes, but is too valuable to simply let go. The whole search is mounted to capture it ... Directed by Yelena Lanskaya, this is another Sci-Fi Channel offering it is just horrible in all possible ways, I think it probably started life as a straight 'Creature Feature' but ended up as one the most boring and boring sci-fi channels I've seen do not even have any kind of monsters or creatures. The Hybrid is awful, the scenario is terrible, and I'm not sure who should be appealed to. The initial set-up is fine with Aaron getting Wolf's eyes, but then Hybrid will kick off the sci-fi elements and become some terrible drama because it focuses exclusively on Aaron's mental state when he is surprised to do nothing with a native American woman. Yeah, do not you think Sci-Fi Channel could shoot a movie about wolves and put a lot of garbage on mythology of native America, just like you? The dynamics of the character is bizarre, Aaron is portrayed as a persecuted hero, although he is the only person who kills someone in the movie, and is a relatively inexpressible, ungrateful and annoying person. Hewitt is portrayed as a bad scientist, yet gives Aaron his look back and does nothing but help him. I mean, Aaron's gift is back donated, but Hewitt is a villain? There is also regular American military intervention Sci-Fi Channel, the problem is why do they want Aaron so badly? He is not a soldier, and while Wolves has eyes to help see him in the dark, he is totally unrecognizable. The script can not think if it's all in Aaron's mind, or it's real, the end is jolly bad with half-empty (reminds it on TV) Aaron runs through the woods with a pack of wolves set on some terrible music I think to be emotional, but it makes it even more fun. There are so many things in Hybrid, it's slower than hell, practically no action, there is no Werewolf and the movie moves in circles and tries to get into Aaron's mind, yet it's all so ridiculous, stupid and boring you will not have one bit & there's no no explanation why, despite the fact that Wolves by the eyes of the transplanted Aaron are starting to develop other wolf senses. As a diabetic I have problems with my eyes, hell I had a big surgical procedure on my right eye and I can guarantee that after your operation your eye will be inflated, you will not be able to open it and it would hurt like hell despite eye transplantation as soon as Aaron wakes up in bed, his eyes are perfect no swelling or even redness. There are no special effects, no blood, gore or violence and nothing that excites you. Actually, I think about it now that there is nothing even distantly horrible or sci-fi, it feels like a playful film of the week. Filmed in Canada in Manitoba, the movie looks OK, but is dim and forgettable. The game is poor from all those involved, none of whom I have seen before, and I hope it will never be. Hybrid is a terrible movie that is apparently sold as a Werewolve 'Creature Feature', but it's far from it & most people really are trying to get into the horrible end that you probably will have in the stitch.
