It seems that the story sounds vaguely interesting ... The scientist (Bateman) finds how to transplant animal eyes and optical nerves into other animals, such as humans. The young man (Monteith) is blinded by saving a coworker at work - the scientist calls the doctors that the young man is a suitable candidate for being the first person. Recipient is becoming more and more wolf, but the effect is nothing but "weird eyes" and at night it runs with dogs! (for the whole movie) The budget is too low, the dialogue is too tight (I heard a loud voice in some ridiculous tongues), and I acted too ineptly. The long parts of the film are nothing more than a dreamy look, amazing music and scattered clips of wolves in the wild. Too long even for 90 minutes, boring and rid of ideas. The army wants to use eye transplants to return the wounded soldiers and probably want to militarize this technology. There's a silly pad for a beautiful Indian girl (Korey) who thinks she can help when she uses Indian wisdom about wolves. They make love, while the music is heavy on the drums and they hear the Indian songs - fool, man! Love is taking place immediately after a terrible murder - who has modified this turkey? A terrified "medical person," who boasts fantasies, seems little, except that he adds the atmosphere. Here are two ridiculous scenes. A laboratory lab worker goes to the animal room to find that the monkeys are released from their cages. She's afraid, looks to the left of the apes, turns right, turns left, turns right, turns left. It takes a while (who did it?). Get out of the lab Damn! It was so silly that I started laughing. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, he escapes through the window when a heavily armed army arrives - leaves the window, the soldiers leave in the open window, look out the window, say "looks to be here" and leave! An open window went out, boys! Crazy. Close to the end of the film, soldiers alternate machine guns on the trees, when of course there is nothing - easier to place a conspiracy. They have 6 machine guns that have cut trees, but they decide to fight one proud hero !!! Shoot him! Who wrote this waste? At the end, there is no confrontation and believe me nothing gathers for you - there is not enough conspiracy to spoil. I consider this to be a tax depreciation or a job to use unused budget money for some better film.
