I do not understand people. Why is it the movie that gets 8.3 !!!!!! ???? I had great hopes for this film, but when I was about half an hour I wanted to leave the theater. In the vast majority of reviews on this page people say it's one of the best action movies they've seen (or summer, year, etc.). They say it's a great conclusion. WTF !!!!!!!!! ?????? What was closed (except that Bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot and fight better than anyone else that they hit)? What do you learn about Bourne's character in this movie ????????? Absolutely f ****** nic !!!!!!! Well, there is a lot of action, but what's so great in action in this movie? I do not like cinematography and film adaptation. The unfavorable effect of the camera and the rapidly changing shots were much used and they cared quickly (it did not matter to me because it was still easy to follow and was not used in surplus) and it made me quite dizzy. I quickly wanted to save my $ $ for something else. The film has no plot. This whole movie is visible for 115 minutes. Bourne, who does not feel absolutely nothing about 115 minutes of your movie, is a perfectionist of everything he's trying to do. There is absolutely no character development in this movie, you do not know anything about anyone and there is a wide range of new characters listed in this installment. Some people have said that this film has incredible writing and tension. ??????????? !!!!!!!! How to write ???? What tension? There is no tension. Bourne is so perfect he does everything he does, I do not think he should do anything. If this is the best movie from 2007, I can just stop watching movies completely !!!! Many people also said that the performance of Matt Damon in this film is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. What performance? How many orders did he have in this movie ??? I have a little respect for Damon because it was in movies that I liked and played different kinds of characters, but a good actor is someone you hardly know from one movie to another, someone who chooses different types of roles. Not someone who plays the same role over and over (which Damon did not do, but the example of someone who is, is Vin Diesel). Anyway, this film was a great disappointment for me. I do not intend to recommend this movie, but I recommend the first two (Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy), and I definitely recommend reading three books (much different than movies).
