This low voltage universal cooler has just been announced as a forthcoming release of the DVD, but has been designed as part of a collection of similar films that I have already had in my own function, and therefore I have decided to get out of channels other than to wait for this legitimate release. Which is just as good, because the end result was nothing special (if it is fairly atmospheric): For a beginner, the plot is weak enough? though Vincent Price is expecting the THEATER OF BLOOD (1973), although without any film it's campy gusto. What we have here is an insignificant sculptor (Martin Kosleck)? who we even see sharing his fucking plate with a cat! ??? who, when he finds himself on the welcome end of art critic Alan Napier's vitriolic pen too much, decides to end everything by plunging into a nearby river. However, while contemplating only this action, Rondo Hatton's escaped killer called "The Creeper" is expected to save the life of the poor boy, of course, with the intent of having this kind of work for him gratefully for the dirty work! Although he is supposedly in New York's art circles, everything we really see at work is Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Lowery (who holds Joan Shawle's little blonde little girl of the same name again and again in banal poses?), Who is comfortably involved in Critical Criticism of the Art (Virginia Gray) from Napier's! Previously, the second one was discovered with a broken backbone and a suspicion of Lowery; but after investigating detective Bill Goodwin, he gets a clear idea that he is interested in another critic to publish a sharp overview of Lowery's work (I did not know the sketch publicity was reviewed !!) to see how violent his reaction would be! Meanwhile, Kosleck is cheating that he thinks he's building his masterpiece by carving Hatton's unique rocks? and recognizable? which is unnecessary to say, attracts the attention of the constantly visiting Gray (we are convinced that he lacks the material for her weekly column) - much to the fury of both the artist and the model. Embarrassingly, although Creeper is fully aware of Gray's appearance (thanks to his above-mentioned persecution of Kosleck's jerk), does he encounter Shawle? who was then Goodwin's girl! ??? at Lowery's apartment and heard that Kosleck speaks (you guess) Gray about his intention to drop him off as a fallen guy for the police, he sends a slowly outraged giant from his deep end - even to the destruction of his own now-finished stone image. Curiously, although it was the penultimate Hatton movie, his credit name precedes the "introduction" epithet!
