How a sheep like a film that is public so often shows. Once some critics say something new is good (ie "Shake-Cam"), they all jump on the train as if they were deprived of independent thinking. It was not a good movie, it was a terrible movie. 1) Plot? - What's the story? Bourne was pushed away from here, from start to finish. This is a conspiracy. Do not look deeper than this. 2) Cinematography? - Do me a favor! Any 7-year-old, armed with an old and battered 8mm film camera would do a much better job (here I'm not exaggerating). This movie is a tour-of-power amazing amateur camera-work. An amazing shudder EVERY (it really means every scene) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Believable? - Yes, sure. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I loved scenes that Bourne chased (local) policemen into the guilty market streets of Tangier. - I was in Tanger. Even the guides can not walk through these streets, but Bourne shuddered 100 policemen with speed and finesse. Greengrass must laugh at the credibility of his movie pupils. 4) Editing? - I do not know what the editor was when he made this movie, but I want someone! - Each scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. At the end of the film, I felt sick of the stroboscopic effect of "scenes" that blinked. 5) Direction? - Hmmm. That's an interesting aspect. The film does not seem to have overhead. Another case of Greengrass, who cast a copy of the screenplay (all two sides) with the cameramen and said he "shot several scenes while he was drunk". - "Do not be afraid of the boys, we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room." The editors should be pinnacled, fired, and stocked to allow this absurdity to hit the silver screen. 6) Nobody other than the Two Elder CIA agents who give the woman a sensitive and misunderstood Jason Bourne. - They live lives in a row for someone they could not even be sure of being a traitor. Talk about silly nincompoops. (While the evil member of the CIA is about to shut down every operator who falls on the floor on the floor). (well, all people are evil, right? - Except SNAGS of course). Yes, it is a truly modern and politically correct film that shows that women are the heroes of the day and suppressing men as a real threat to humanity. 7) When what you know - what finally strikes fans, good triumphs over evil (as it always does, eh?) And eventual assassin gets a drop on Jason Bourne - suddenly he goes through the guilty exit and abstains (yes - right .. .) - at this moment the evil deputy director only rises again - the weapons in his hand and pulls the trigger. - How did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even breath? Miracles will never stop. 8) Do not be afraid, the hearing of the Senate and baddies will be brought to justice. Well, we can not have unpleasant, politically improper CIA staff who turn around people, right? How beautiful to see the true life of P.C. movie Noughties. ------------- Bourne Ultimatum is total waste.
