The number of ungulates in this episode was higher than the first 9. They do not behave according to their own rules about the spirit, when the destruction of the body causes the spirit to dissolve. This one fell on the other body. This body and Dean are about 20 feet away from Sam, but then they're right with Sam. Lamps go out in uninitiated asylum at night, and we can still see everything. It's night, but the light flows through the windows. The spirit who died in the 1960s makes calls from cell phones? Come on! It is not possible that Sam could get a psychiatrist to see him on the same day as a meeting, and the doctor talks to Sam as if it were not his first visit. Sam and Dean knew that there were still other bodies in the asylum and innocent spirit that were still lurking, and nothing helped them. It does not look like a thing that Winchester boys would do. Oh, and after crawling on a dirt-filled mattress and everywhere around an ugly asylum look, they're perfect girl's make-up and hair and no white smudges on the white shirt. <br /> <br /> While this episode had problems, the assumption was good and several times I was not exhausted but nervous when Dean read the Elicots magazine. I just knew that such a subject that is so personal to the spirit would draw him to the person who violated his holiness. Elicot did not appear. Perhaps it is a mistake for such an important object or place (such as Elicot's office) should draw a ghost when the living entity touches or enters. When they separate, I want to scream ... "so you die, always stay together and watch the others!" But they do not listen to me: Elicot's spirit and his special ability was a very nice touch. It's a premiere show, but I wish Elicot to remind one of his victims with horror and use the anticipation of torture to keep us going. Especially because of the light-colored goofs I gave it 4. The sudden darkness or flashing lighting of the whole scene like flashing the flashlight is all the more scary. The lighter or flashlight reviving and instantly the ghost is on their face is shocking. I understand that directors want us to see his scene, but then Elicot mentioned or obviously saw how he touched the electrical socket and the lights turned on. Let the characters respond to the fact that asylum without power suddenly has lights in one room. Blue white lights blink as an arc as Elicot's finger force. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG could be better.
