The woman asks for advice on the way to get into a mysterious city and hear two terrible stories from the local strange, both zombie. But maybe fate is also terrible for her ... <br /> <br /> Zombie Chronicles is absolutely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. In fact, I have to admit it's so bad that I handed over most of the garbage. And there was a lot, believe me. It's only 69 minutes running, and there's still a ton of filler. You get a skinhead that makes a lot of shifts, a lot of blunt kiss-kisses scenes among furious teens (rhymes, tee hee) and some good examples of why some people should not become actors. for the title characters, they barely have a footnote in the movie. Why do you get more intrigues than you did before? Still, considering the pathetic are the eyes that crack the drawers and the food of brain sequences (among other things "pleasure"), maybe it's a blessing in disguise. And on top of everything, it looks like it's being filmed on someone's mobile phone by someone who sends it to Youtube. Jerky working with the camera, scratches on the print, flashing lights ... I had to wipe my eyes when I realized that it was made in 2001 and not 1971. Even clothing and fashion look for about three decades obsolete! > <br /> If you think I'm not qualified to check Chronicles who have not seen the whole movie, go on. Try to sit it, believe that even before you make your excuses and you leave, you will not even make the first look of blue smoldering colored jaws. It's really ridiculous that someone has decided to give it up and sincerely, you get a lot more fun to relax your drink on the disk than actually torture your DVD player with this tremendous apology for horror. In fact, not surprised if packing it's bags and leaves in the morning, so you're doomed to watch VHS tapes for the rest of your life. You were warned ... 0/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. What kind of horror does a woman have in a sex scene of a massive sports bra? You see, the movie can not even get that part ...
