Houseboat Horror is a great title for this movie. It's an absolute spot-on, and therefore the only aspect of the movie for which I can give 10 out of 10. There are houseboats, the horror is even the horror that takes place on houseboats. But if the movie poster was ever a movie poster, it would certainly be "something like that ..." for Houseboat Horror is perhaps the worst Australian horror movie I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror films I've ever when he saw it, and a rather deep attempt at filming in general. The good news is that it's so terribly horrible to crawl right over the audience's disbelief zone into the wonderful world of unintentional gaiety. It's worth watching *, because * it's bloody horrible. The "worst" category does not come from happening, for the simple reason that there really exists: a record producer, film crew and rock band to go to the mysterious Lake Infinity, a scenic rural sanctuary somewhere in Victoria (in fact Lake Eildon) to make a music video. Someone is most pleased to see them there, and perhaps in an attempt to get the audience a favor, they start choosing them one by one with a very sharp knife. Even more mysterious is how long it takes to survive to notice it On the surface it looks like a very rich standard of B-movie slasher. You have a very troublesome youth, intolerant older, terrifying local residents (one of whom, a petrol station operator, would easily win a flamboyant competition) and stand up for it, my description of the killer could easily be Jason Voorhees. Oh, but if it were just acting and production values, it was as good as a comparative masterpiece, which was Friday 13th of July VII. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror completely removes both of these things. But in the end it just does what you do so ridiculous and fun. One-time members of the group "Late Show" and "Get This" Tony Martin are already aware of some real diamond gems ("Look at the look ... get out!") While the actual piece of music accompanying the music video is so bad that it has to be heard, to believe - I can not help wondering if the writer / director Ollie Wood hoped he would really hit. The horror element is comparable, I mean the B-slastery of the genre and especially the period, but there were times when I could not help imagining someone biting into a hamburger outside the screen and seeing a salad of tomato sauce scattered on the wall on the screen. Indeed, if you listened to Tony Martin recommending this movie as a merry waste like me, I do not think you will be disappointed. All fans of "such a bad-to-good" horror would not have the opportunity to skip. Whether it happens or not, it's another thing. If, on the other hand, you are looking for true perfection in Australian horror, you will get a copy of an incomparable "long weekend" and do not look back.
