Watching video tapes playing around 8 different 1994-1997 Spider-Man cartoons has made me realize why I could not stomach when it first came out. I'm from an old school where the 1967 Spider-Man caricature was the best and still remains the best. (I'm not going to get into a psychedelic version that's terrible - give me the traditional villains, please.) Effects on new things are bad, read a letter without any feeling or overhang. Paul Soles, where are you now? The guy was the best man in the voice that acted for Spider-Man. No one is approaching. Watching the secret wars, a great idea for a cartoon miniseries, has made me a bout. Dr. Doom sounds like a comedy version of Bel Lugosi. In the scene with Red Skull and Doc Ock, the red skull has no German accent, while Ock is heavy Russian! The old Marvel comic series of 1966 had much better acting actor. The Iron Man sounded like he was wearing an iron mask, Captain America was authoritative, not like a teenage child. Paul Frees as a thing in the 1960s was the best thing at all. Old voices were pioneers, and no one would ever be alike. Do you ever hear a son Mel Blanc? No way he can replicate his father. Animation is clumsy. Well, so they have all the fantastic shadows and nicely painted backgrounds. Sometimes you can say more with less movement if more movement looks bad. Sometimes when you let your computer take over, it becomes robotic. I really do not think any of these animators know what's wrong with them. <br /> <br /> Stories are badly written and some of the lines they give to the heroes are terrible. Why, for example, when the heroes are joined together for the first time, they will fight each other? In the secret wars, it was a kind of excuse that disagreed. I see if the hero is dark, unknown and mysterious - like Punisher, but why the Thing and the Iron Man can not keep their memories between themselves is ridiculous, then Torch joins. This is just another of the later comics trends to get the heroes in the square off on themselves for a few seconds, because 'everyone' wants to see things. Give them a better reason to fight and maybe it can be broken, but "Hi what you are doing here" and "You do not tell me what to do" are LAME reasons. Another badly written scene is in The Wedding series where Harry Osborne unlocks to spoil Peter's wedding. This entire script was terrible. The last, surely last but not least, is what another critic calls violent violence - that is, no punches. In the secret wings, the lizard was carefully trying Thing. But the thing hits bad boys across the block of comics. He has to go back to lifting heavy things and conquer the evil boy by catching him in cartoons. Of course, these cartoons were not strictly for us adults, but for children under 12 years of age. That's why they can not have punches because Mom and Dad do not believe this kind of violence. But you can blow things up, these cartoons will include it. As a child, before political correctness emerged, I saw how the cartoons were divided. What's wrong with choking? Is today really less violence in the world because the fragile and clever new cartoons have eliminated punch? I find it most offensive when I look at new things. They wrote "punch" because we could all hurt them. <br /> <br /> Children, enjoy these cartoons all you need, I've seen enough. <br /> <br /> 3/10 rating
