Interestingly, everyone who (as before) seemed to love this movie had no expectations - I think it's a trick. In contrast, I had optimistic expectations, and that was a mistake. Once I discovered how close to the faces of the camera I always knew I was in the hands of a very amateur director - it's always a clear signal, thinks it's artistic, effective or intense to hold the camera about two centimeters away from the actors. The actors in this film had only one facial expression. <br /> <br /> If it was not close enough, the lack of light in the movie killed her. The film looked like it was completely shot in the dark. So now we know that the cameraman is also a dignitary. "Ooh, we will light a set with a flashlight! It will look all intimate!" No, it made it all seem invisible. In addition to serious technical shortcomings, there was absolutely no story above the slightest hint of thought that had never been developed, and nothing new about this type of relationship was illuminated. (Maybe this is a new film for Germany, but in Los Angeles, forget it.) The fact that this film has won several film festivals does not mean the quality of the film but it lacks the quality of these particular festivals. I can assure you that this film will not win anything at the festival where I saw it. In fact, twice during the film it seemed that it was finally over and people started to get up (this was one of the side effects of the cameraman's "total darkness" technique). But when the film shuddered, the audience was frightened instead. And when the film finally ended, it was clear that it did not matter if it really ended in one of the two previous points. The earlier end would save the audience from even more monotonous household scenes (folding, cutting vegetables, spreading honey on bread). Yeah, we got it, the lonely old man's life was boring - but we thought one at the beginning. I recommend that the audience miss this, that it has nothing to offer to sophisticated filmmakers.
