When the remake of When A Stranger Calls appeared, obviously I was interested in looking at the original. Then, when I read about the original (which I remember my sisters revolting completely back in the day), I saw that real money is on Black Christmas, which apparently defeated all of the punch "calling in the house". So I Netflix, and it sits at the top of my month list due to its "very long wait." This time I'm getting more and more eager to see it! Then someday, from the blue, it finally comes! ... And it's a complete snake. <br /> <br /> Sure, maybe I had higher expectations, but I do not think I would gain more if I saw it fresh. It's Christmas in a Canadian university city, and that's a party to this. We see some killer POV shots when it climbs up this grid and slips into the attic. So we know he's in the house. Then we introduced our characters - Olivia Hussey as mousy, whining, Jess's Canadian accent. Margot Kidder as an unpleasant, apparently aggressive alcoholic Barb. She is so annoying that her mother invited her to her Christmas party. There is also this irritated clone Janis Ian ("Phil") and this alcoholic mother, Mrs. Mac, who saw that she would take nips from the various bottles of booze she hid throughout the house. We also meet Jess with a very stringy friend Peter who played Keir Dullea in 2001, and Lake Bunny Lake is missing glory, though I still asked myself in the middle of the movie: "Who is Keir Dullea?" <br /> <br /> It seems that the house is receiving obscene phone calls, but it was in front of an email so they could not ask him to send a photo. Then? - Well, do you know how plastic dry bags are said to be toys? One of the sisters finds it hard. Do not be afraid if you get the first 14 cuts on the face of a corpse-covered corpse when you unplug the attic? - There are 28 others in the movie, probably to say "Oh, my God, there's a corpse in the attic!" Although it changes after the first hour: "How the stupid police in the attic did not find a prominent plastid corpse? " Especially because it is obvious that it is clearly visible from the outside of the house. Indeed, whenever CSI gets into the air, such a golden age must be a crime; the cops are so stupid. Fortunately, some of them look like John Saxon. Anyway, after a much more boring human race, the mother of the house is afraid that her precious kitty climbed onto the vertical ladder and opened the difficult-looking trap door that rests on the top (those brittle cats!) Because she sticks her head there and ends up with the hook pulley on the neck due to difficulties. Now we have two corpses in the attic? - Hey, why do not we still have 75 pictures trying to kill us by having two corpses in the attic? <br /> <br /> Now the police have begun to take the situation seriously and tap the phone home and set up a policeman outside. They tell Jess and her friend Janis Ian that if an obscene caller calls him back, he must hold him on the phone. Jessica, who grew even more, my mum and poison, asks the caller: "Who is it? What do you want? Who are you?" after the first 89 calls, when it is clear that she will not answer. Is not it a sign of developmental disability? Inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts at something? And what he's going to do, he suddenly says, "Oh yeah, hello, is it Bob out of the laundry?" Dirty Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoilers! Anyway, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) are stacked in bed with ketchup sprayed on their faces (the idea of ​​the film about gore), and idiot Jess realizes that no single door or window in the house is locked. Hi? Are you scared or what? Then police officers realize that the killer is in the house and call Jess and tell her: "Do not ask, just do as I say, go to the front door and get off." So what's the dumb Jess? She starts screaming "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, great sister. So why do not you just go upstairs, where do you know there's a psychotic killer hiding? Of course, he does it and sees his ex-friends, all spitting ketchup and urging this viewer to scream on the screen, "Do you have a clue now?" <br /> <br /> It is now clear that this film was shot before the classic films of the Slasher films were firmly in place and that it did not move at the same pace we were accustomed to and saw an artistic corpse in the attic covered about 206 times probably spooky back in the day, and people were not used to being persecuted by psychopaths, so they should not think you know, lock doors or windows. And they could have tried to go upstairs when they were told that there was an angry killer there. You see, people were stupid in the 1970s. We have to understand. One of the big shocks is that we do not even see our proto-final girl killing a psycho. But believe me, this is more interesting when you read in this overview than to sit in the movie. Spoilers ending! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, look at Cinema de Merde, my website on bad and cheese films (with some good films thrown in). You can find the URL at my e-mail address listed above.
