BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most popular books, but it is simply not in this animated adaptation of magic. This version remains quite faithful to Dahl's original story, so you can not blame John Hambley's script. If something is wrong, it consists of colorless animation, lethargic tempo, and generally small voices. It would be right to expect this story to bring a happy, lively and entertaining film ... Instead, the film is a hopelessly boring affair that becomes quite tedious. Children who are unfamiliar with this story should read the book first! The whole movie will reach out when it is postponed to read what is actually a "classic" child. Young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Root) lives in a foster orphanage under the harsh supervision of Mrs. Clonkers. One evening she looks out the window when she sees a massive figure walking incredibly in the village. The figure realizes that it is visible, so she gets inside the window and takes Sophie out of bed and puts her in her huge pocket before she runs into the night. Sophie soon finds out that she has been kidnapped by a giant giant and is afraid she will eat it. But for his relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his kind, who will portray himself as BFG (the voice of David Jason). BFG refuses to eat people, instead it is limited to flavored vegetables known as snozzcumbers. The giant landscape, however, is inhabited by many other giants who are seduced - every night, as it happens - with the poor, unsuspecting people. Sophie and BFG will become great friends and soon will come up with a plan to distract other giants. Together they go to the Queen of England (the voice of Angela Thorne) with their remarkable story, and ask her to send the army and the Air Force to fight with the giant people. The Queen agrees, and so the dangerous operation begins to capture bad giants before they can hurt someone else. Jason votes BFG quite well (one of the few plus in the movie), but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is definitely not inspirational, but very little is to bring lives to characters. Similarly, BFG is the only character that is strikingly animated - Sophie lacks appeal and the giants are boringly designed (and look almost indistinguishable from each other). Even the places are inconvenient; The giant landscape is particularly close to the short, and is nothing more than a barren desert with occasional rocks and canyons. After 88 minutes, the film is not too tedious but partially stretched partly due to the soporistic handling of several sequences. Little Dahl's dirty humor is satisfactorily satisfied. One chapter in the book deals with BFG's love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and is a laugh-out-loud cheerful. In the movie, the same section is completely killed by tireless treatment. I came to The BFG and expected a lot of taste, fun and joy, but what I got is almost the opposite! This is an unsuccessful run that simply does not match the caliber of a book in any department - unfortunately, it has to go down as one to skip.
