I bought this movie for $ 5 on a used CD store and I regret it a bit. I'll start by saying that I'm a huge fan of cheese horror moves. They provide a terrific and enjoyable entertainment. This movie was fun for the first half hour because it was so bad that it could easily be MST3K style. Then it's boring. <br /> <br /> Actor is the most important part of the movie. While great acting is not expected, it was mixed badly and frankly, providing all the fun that was supposed to be. This is the plus side of the movie. Where the movie really bouts in entertainment is writing, lighting and editing. This movie provides too much "What is happening% $ @ #?" moments. There are many moments, such as a mother with strange dinner bouts, and that she has no effect in the movie. At dinner, someone who chooses decided that it is fun to watch people eat refined food for five minutes straight without dialogue every time a meal is served. During meals and other inappropriate moments, the scene separates from the pure darkness outdoors. Then he calls back. And when we talk about darkness outdoors, one of the funniest parts of the movie is the climate where there is probably no night if it does not rain. And when we talk about darkness, the big problem with the movie is that it's so ill-lighted that you do not see what's going on in half the time, which is more frustrating than anything else. In one of the most beautiful scenes you can not even tell what you should see, it's so shocking. As for top scenes, Unhinged contains one of the worst scenes. I saw people saying, "Wow, it surprised me and that's good." I can say that I was surprised by the great surprise because I did not see it. The reason I did not see it is because it makes no sense. I will not destroy you, but I will tell you that my friend and I spent a good twenty minutes rewinding on different parts of the film to find something that would confirm it, and everything we found was not possible. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is really better when you watch it with comments that make it fun. I like horror movies, but it was too much.
