I bought Unhinged because I got an irritated picture on the cover. If you want to see all the good parts of the movie, just look at the back of the box. All the killings are shown and I can honestly say that they look much better in static frames than in the movie. <br /> <br /> When he said that, let's look at the conspiracy. A group of college girls who run a rock concert (through deep, dark forests in one of the longest routings that have ever been captured on celluloid) are down the road. There is no visible damage to the vehicle, but it is enough for the character to be comatose for the rest of the movie (or perhaps read the script and was already in the coma before the shooting began). <Br /> <br /> The two remaining girls wake up in a large, insulated house. The house, by the way, is wonderful and can handle more drama by its presence than any of the actors in the film. For some reason, this house has no way. The only way to get to the main road is to walk five kilometers by the forest. Girls spend the rest of Unhinged and listen to strange conversations between an old rich female (who looks like George Washington in a stroke) and her equally homely, sexually suppressed daughter. The girls were obviously in no hurry to come back from this concert to pack more clothing than this Gilligan Island for this three-hour tour. When we, the audience, get the scene kills, we do not care. We wish that someone killed us only to end our suffering. Unheded finally begins with a pretty shocking end that deserves to be in a much better film. It's almost as if the end, one good idea in the movie, was written first and then the writers tried to make a movie that would lead to it. Unhinged is finally a boring film with a bad actress, an irregular direction and plot with more holes than a leper in porn film (sorry, I'm not sure where it came from). You get an idea of ​​how bad this movie is during the initial credits, when for some reason never explained, the screen goes out for about two minutes while the characters talk about nothing worth remembering. Do not waste time. You will feel unhinged and want your time and money back.
