Twist ending can be really cool in the movie. Especially interesting is when it shakes right in front of us, but we just do not pay attention. Those types of curved ends are those that people think. We also appeared as this movie. Twist that no matter whether to pay attention or not, you have no idea what will happen. When he discovers this kind of accidental twist, instead of shock, it is a somewhat overwhelming reaction. This movie starts as if it was an interesting shot of horror, but after about 20 minutes it's just a boring dialogue and a stupid procedure. Three young women are going to a concert, so they lose traveling in the woods and hit a tree trunk. They end up at an old house with a haunted lady who hates a man and are greeted by her home-made daughter Marion (Laurel Munson). Special obstacles are happening as these girls stay in this house for a few days instead of trying to leave or get home and the tension continues into a stupid slasher. This movie is too caught up in its dialogue, and it is always just a few characters. We have three main girls, a spooky spinster and an old lady and an interview of any meaning does not exceed these five. To make it even worse, they never have anything to say. In fact, it is quite embarrassing to sit in conversations. We want to know what's going on, and instead just talk and talk and talk (about nothing). <br /> <br /> There are plenty of holes here. The house in which these girls stay when they find themselves in a car crash is apparently three miles from anywhere ... wow, three miles! Two-hour or less walking is killing them. Why did not go to the city with this household that went to town? Has one seat? How do these girls never deny leaving and are willing to stay, rarely even checking each other? Why did it have to have so many stupid twists? Maybe the answers are in a boring script. <br /> <br /> Slasher movie with five characters is really a bad idea. It's not exciting, it's not frightening and the end is definitely out there, but it's undoubtedly stupid. My Rating: * 1/2 of ****. 79 minutes. R for nudity and violence.
