Unhinged was a part of the selection of the movie Nasty Censorship, which Britain created in the 1980s. It keeps bloody things out of the hands of children, you do not know! It had to leave many people who were interested in what shocks. According to today's standard, Unhinged is a tame fairy tale. <br /> <br /> 3 girls are on a jazz concert ... and now you know the number of bodies will be relatively low. It's lost in the woods, ending in a car crash that looks so fake it's ridiculous. Some nearby live in a forest in a haunted house. One of the girls is seriously injured and must stay upstairs. Then they talk. When we talk about why the girls are here, and how they have to be at dinner in time because their mother does not like when someone is late. And talk even more. Yakkity yak. A few flashes are built like a crazy guy who walks and harasses girls, and someone looks at the hole in the walls of beautiful girls in something that looks like Hitchcock's Psycho. I turn because there is so much bla bla in this movie that you're wondering when the killing will begin. In fact, one of the girls is so bored that she goes to the forest alone and is looking for a city. Smart movement. She probably knew that the lonely virgin walked alone in the woods, but she did not care. Then we wait for other calls when we wait, wait and wait until the next girl has or may not kill. And then it's a twist. "Expected" unexpected for some viewers, for the other true gotcha. Maybe just why somebody really wanted to watch this. I do not care how it happened, nothing in this movie is happening for the most demanding time I've been watching. Even with the slightest impact of the end, the director simply did not have what it takes to actually deliver a good story with him. It would be much better 30 minutes - 1 hour television episode to Speech, Tales from Darkside. <br /> <br /> If you really need to get it for whatever reason, perhaps just say you've been watching all the movie slasher, do a favor and prepare a button for fast forwarding. Because the movie has so many irrelevant scenes, just zooming in and coming to "WOW, that's what it was all about" is coming to an end shortly. Oh and in the middle of the movie is a shower scene with two girls showing boo-bees. Horray for boo-bees. Those beautiful buzzing honey bees.
