If someone sits and looks at Unhinged, it's probably because his ads, video boxes, whatever, have been screaming that they have been banned in the UK for more than 20 years (like virtually any ugly video). It is true; exploitation and taboo excites people and attracts them with a promise of controversy. Being a fan of an explosion, none of this was new to me. Ads that shout that the movie was banned in the UK do not necessarily want me to watch; in fact, the first thing that usually appears in my head is how nasty the paranoid British censors are. How I came to look at this is simple: he promised gore and it was only $ 6.99. The price itself has warned me that I have no hope that this is another Halloween, but a cheap, padded DVD collection will never hurt. But I forced myself to watch it all in one sitting because I think that choosing to save the rest for the next day makes you even less inspired to finish it. So after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found out that I had come up with the cheapest sleeping aid. I think distributors could be lucky if they simply change their marketing techniques. The Unhinged layout is any common slasher from the 1980s. There are unnecessary showers and exploiting gore. That's about it. Anyway, she starts with a group of three attractive teammates who break their car on the way to the concert. Although two of them (Terry and Nancy) are all right, one (Gloria) is heavily injured and out of commission for the rest of the film. They are rescued and receive shelter in the house (of course, she has no phone) with relatively strange inhabitants: Marion is a middle-aged woman with a mother hating a man who constantly accuses Marion of coming back to sleep with them (Echo Psycho?). She also happens to have a crazy brother Carl who lives in the woods because her mother's hatred for men is so intense she refuses to let him stay in the house. After hanging out with Marion, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decide to contact their parents. Despite all this, Nancy warns against dangerous forests to get to the phone (her fate is not hard to predict). Then again we will see Gloria, which is then immediately killed with the ax. When Terry finds out that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decided that there was something wrong with this picture and she was trying to find her missing buddies. This can be easier said than done, but with crazy Carl lurking around? After examining Unhinged, I read a tremendous amount of reviews claiming that Unhinged worked perfectly, because it took time to create a subject that created real tension when the moment of truth arrives. Under normal circumstances, I do not care about the opinions of other people about my reviews (especially if they are inconsistent with my views), but in this case I was so confused by their reactions that I thought it was important to mention. It's because in fact the film is crawling. Normally, for slow building tactics, viewers have a strong feeling that the characters are at risk. Sure, we see that two of them have been murdered, but there are endless scenes of conversation and boredom among them. We are aware of the fact that there is a killer here, but it only focuses in the film three times; that means there is no reason to worry about the victim. Instead, movie events are explained not by acts of figures, but for us there is constant talk. If there's one thing that I can assure you is that you do not have to watch it, it's that the scenes with characters conversing with each other for 75 minutes are very boring. None of this is helped by horrific behavior. It seems to be another case when the director needed an actor and decided to gather his friends instead of finding someone with experience. Of course I would be a liar if I said there was not one part of the movie I enjoyed. Specifically, the end was one of the best movies I've ever seen. you just do not expect this to happen. He just knew the director had the balls to do something like that, it was spectacular. Oh, I will not spoil you, and I will not say that the end will completely compensate for the rest of the slow moving movie, but it will surely attract you. Besides, the other two murder scenes bring at least some faster material, but it's not like you could not tell exactly who died in fifteen minutes in the movie. Anyone looking for blood will be disappointed; these are the only scenes of the gore present. And of course no scene can save the whole movie. I usually report the doctrine that if there is an action, the worse the movie is, the better it gets. Unhinged only understands one part of this concept. The whole movie only feels that Luke is warm; there is potential in the right, but the director was either not experienced enough to work or just did not know what the hell he was doing.
