Invisible Maniac begins as a young Kevin Dornwinkle (Kris Russell) is caught by his strict mother (Marilyn Adams) watching the girl (Tracy Walker) strike through his binoculars ... Cut at 'Twenty Years Later' and Kevin Dornwinkle (Noel Peters) a physicist who claims to have discovered a way to construct things in an invisible serum of "mollecular reconstruction." However, during a demonstration before fellow scientists it fails and everyone agrees, Dornwinkle angry kills several of them and is locked in a psychiatric institute from which he escapes. Skip "two weeks later" and a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when Mrs. Cello's director (Stephanie Blake as Stella Blalack) says she has hired a replacement, yes, you think it's Dornwinkle. The student does not prepare him and does not sleep like dirt, but Dornwinkle perfected his invisible serum and uses it to satisfy his perverse sexual urgency and desire for vengeance ... Co-wrote & Directed by Adam Rifkin wisely hiding under the pseudonym Rif Coogan (I would not want my the name was associated with this turd movie one) Invisible Maniac is the real bottom of the barrel stuff. The script from Rifkin, sorry for Coogan and Tony Mark, is terrible. He tries to be a teenage sexual / comedy / horror hybrid who fails in each department. The beginning of sex is no more than a couple of female shower scenes and a few bobs of shots, I am no more afraid, and the birds in The Invisible Maniac are not as good looking. The comedy is lame, and every joke lacks a mile proverb, it's a movie that thinks someone is fighting an invisible person, or Henry (Jason Logan) trying to make a phone call is funny. Invisible Maniac makes the Police Academy (1984-1994) a series of movies that look like the top of sophistication! As for the horror aspect, which is also lame. It's also incredibly slow (it takes more than half an hour for Dornwinkles to become invisible), boring, predictable, boring and has a very unpleasant and unimaginable teenage figure. Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever does absolutely nothing to try & Invisible Maniac even a slightly enjoyable experience. There is no fear, tension or atmosphere, and as a whole, the film is a true piece of work. He will not do anything with an invisible angle, only a few doors that open themselves is as adventurous as he gets. There is very little bleeding or violence, a little splashing blood, a couple of strangulation, and the only decent bit in the whole movie, when someone has his head blown with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at the time and we can only see without the head without a hull. <br /> <br /> The budget had to be low, and I think it's really low because it's really a cheap-looking movie. The Dornwinkles Laboratory is basically two glasses on its night cupboard! When he escapes from the mental institution, one has sent one dog after him and the whole school has about a dozen pupils and two teachers. Invisible Maniac is a badly shot movie for 85 minutes when I recorded a microphone at least once ... Let's just say that acting is low and leave it to it. <br /> <br /> Invisible Maniac is bullshit, simple and simple. I have not found any redeemed features in it, there are so many more better movies that you can watch so there is no reason to waste time on this garbage. Be sure to avoid it.
