Film critics of the world, I apologize. It is your job to advise the public to make a wise decision on what to spend money on. But I ignored your advice and I was deeply injured. However, my decision to see "Cat in a Hat" was not done at random. You see, three years ago, all critics said that we should all avoid "calamities" known as "How Grinch Christmas Stones". Then some of my friends took me to see it, and it turned out to be a colorful, fun and almost hypnotic gourmand. So when critics unleash their fury against "Cat in the Hat", another big budget Seuss update with a big star in the title role, I thought it must be the same old song. How I'm wrong. <br /> <br /> For five minutes I thought I was clear. The initial credits are smart, the children are charming and the production values ​​are top-notch. Then a cat appeared. Since then, there have been many problems, but the biggest of them has been the sad disappearance of Mike Myers. Where "The Grinch" was rescued by Jim Carrey's inspired occupation, "The Cat" was destroyed by Myers. It can be very fun when its energy is applied where it belongs, comic sketches. Every film he shot that was really fun was really just a sketch of comedy, from Wayne World to Austin Powers. So trying to do the same, it's just that these comic sketches are more of a thing that keeps at the end of the SNL, not funny, just painful. Not that the writers helped him. After an enchanting prologue, the film turns into an hour of repulsive body humor, poorly timed pratfalls, and offensive rooted humorous hip attempts. This film was the most dignified film experience I ever had. Time. So much talent and work got into something so nasty. I know the adult stars of this movie will be relatively undamaged from this mess, I just hope the splendid Spencer Breslin and Dakota Fanning will have a better chance of showing their charm in much better movies. If you are a parent, avoid it as a plague. With movies like "Elf" and "Brother Bear" currently in theaters you have much better choices.
