Hellborn begins as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi), who takes over a residence in a hospital in Saint Andrew, or "a mental illness facility." With nearly 600 patients, Bishop meets his boss Dr. McCortem (Bruce Payne) works and gets the "A" department, where some seriously ill and dangerous patients are kept. If it was not bad enough during the first round of visits, Bishop finds a dead body, and there is a risk that there are graffiti messages that are spreading around his room. The bishop begins to hear stories from patients about ominous travel - on asylum, and soon finds out that stories have more than a tinge of truth about them ... Known as the bloody asylum in the United States, this supernatural horror was controlled by Philip J. Jones and I liked it, but eventually there were too many unsuitable elements for me. Scenario Matt McCombs is quite serious about himself and I quite liked the basic idea & some of his ideas, but there are a few things that fight against it. To begin with, the film is too slow, the story is pretty good, and it's not getting too far, but it takes an absolute age to get on the road, and every minute I've lost interest. I also thought that the so-called twisted ending was too predictable, and the end itself too far-fetched and unforgettable. It's a shame because I liked the story, character, setting & some of the ideas, but it's just too slow and frankly boring to have fun for 90 minutes. It's one of the films I'd like to recommend, but I can not. Frankly, director Jones does a great job, it's a really well-lit and quite atmospheric film. I do not think there's anything scary here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in real madness, but if it was not great work on sets and the movie looks pretty good. Unfortunately there is a real lack of gore or action, there are two hand-shaped wounds and a torn tongue, and that's absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore, which must disappoint as disappointment. Depending on who you think and the review you have read, special effects are either the worst ever or very good, as well as the devoted observer of low-budget horror, I was very impressed by the effects, especially the demon that looks very impressive & is a man in action style hairstyle rather than horrible CGI computer graphics, even if it's an impressive suit. Everything depends on your expectations, I suppose. Technically, the movie is good, it looks nice and the lack of CGI computer effects is something I welcome. Though acting is not great, it might well be better. Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me, it was something good about him, but also some terrible things that unfortunately prevail over good. I liked some of his parts, but overall I saw that it was absolutely impossible to recommend anyone.
