Theoretically, movies should be a form of entertainment. Although these are documents and other experimental forms of the film; most movies, especially genre films, must not only say that it's a story or a message, but they must somehow entertain their target audience. All this is to say that, in my opinion, the bad film is not a film with low production values ​​or a low budget, the bad film is one that is boring. "Hellborn" or "Asylum of the Damned," as is known in the United States, is a bad film simply because it simply does not make it irreparably boring and tiresome. While he has a very good assumption, he is poorly developed and average acting does not improve things. On another hand, the film was probably an excellent or even classic B movie, but it's just a bad film attempt. Director Philip J. Jones tells the story of James Bishop (Matt Stasi), a young psychiatric resident who just got his dream job at Mental Hospital St. Andrew; but old asylum is hiding secrets. After the mysterious deaths of some patients and the constant superstition of Satanic practices, James decides to find out what is going on; just to find the trust of his boss Dr. McCorta (Bruce Payne), who believes the bishop is as crazy as his patients. While the premise is quite interesting, the performance of the film leaves much to be desired. In an attempt to make a supernatural psychological thriller, Jones goes for an easy way out and makes a film full of every cliché of this genre. Of course, there are plenty of great movies that are also full of clichés; but in "Hellborn" each of them is useless and turned into a fearful, inexpensive fear to keep things moving, which led to a boring and predictable storyline. It's usually rather average, with one big exception: Bruce Payne delivers top performance that makes the film look bad for such a good acting. Matt Stasi is very weak because the main character and the rest of the actor make a memorable performance. Despite all these mistakes, we have to write one thing about "Hellborn"; has a visual look very good for the budget and is very similar to the modern high-capacity Hollywood "horror" productions. Also makeup and prosthetics are made very nicely and suggestions for the main antagonist are quite good. It's sad that the rest of the special effects are terrible and obsolete, which is a huge contrast to makeup and prosthetics. Hellborn is a movie with several good things that have been overcome by its serious shortcomings of terrible results. Hardcore Horror or B-Movie fans may be interested in their premise, but it's a boring and tedious experience. 3/10
