This is the "house of exorcism", but most people have mastered this film with Mario Bava's masterpiece "Lisa and the Devil," which explains the absurdly high rating of this "house of exorcism." When she appeared at the film festivals "Lisa and the Devil" in the early 1970s, it was a critical success. The audience responded well to the gorgeous Gothic film of horror. Unfortunately, it was a bit ahead and was considered too unusual and was not commercial enough for mass consumption. No distributor would buy it. Producer Alfredo Leone therefore decided to adjust "Lisa", seemingly with chain saw, by removing almost half of the original film and adding new scenes that he shot two years after the original product! It's important to remember that Bawa has little to do with these new, incredible additions, so technically "House of Exorcism" is not a Bawa movie. The original product is a slow, dreamy and elegant production. A few minutes into the movie, the viewer is sent out of this dream of the world, because suddenly we see that Lisa (two years older and with a very different hairstyle) began to sleep on the floor and makes guttural sounds and gaudy epitaphs like " Subtle, huh? And the movie goes on like this, jumping here and there between the beautiful, visual film and the "Exorcist" rip-off. Leone tried to incorporate these shock scenes, while retaining some sort of story. He failed unhappily. When she decided to essentially destroy "Lisa and the Devil", Bava himself refused to say that his film was too beautiful to cut. He was right, and it was extremely sad that this artist saw that all his work was destroyed and flushed with the toilet. It was many years before the original "Lisa and the Devil" reappeared, which reappeared on late night TV. I've seen "lisa" long before I saw this new version, and that was totally disturbing when I witnessed one of my favorite movies "vandalized" this way. It's worth seeing just for curiosity. Otherwise, avoid this insidious disaster, like the plague.
