But I doubt some start this movie. Or "Some have come out of the cinema." Okay, that's a bit harsh. The film begins in an incomprehensible comical way: Frankie-boy returns to his hometown (the smell of cliché) for many years, and the whole town is shaken by his arrival: talking about him, everybody he wants to talk to, and every woman with whom he meets him as if he is not tomorrow - even his niece suggests he would be happy to drop the date to give Frankie a little bit more! Even his pretty niece wants a piece of it! Sounds like one of those ridiculous episodes "Mike Hammer," where EVERY female wants Stacey Keach. Just like Stacey Keach, Frankie-boy is something other than a fashionable, wet, wet dream. In real life, someone like Sinatra (without glory) would not reach 100 m from someone as beautiful as MacLaine. But in this film in Hollywood, it's the opposite: MacLaine is absolutely ugly about Frankie's boys, but he can not like it! Sinatra plays too often a "cold" scratch in his films and is rarely trusted. Dean Martin is a little miskast; he is not a miscast as a card player, but rather because of an accent he simply does not like. MacLaine is as charming as ever, but he plays cartoon - and this reliance on cartoons is one of the basic problems of the movie. The main characters are all stereotypes of bad or seen forms of all movies and cheap novels; Frankie is a "cold cat" who returns to the city to get all the women and can not care less about his writing (which, in a predictable way, eventually gains recognition); Martin is a dirty but friendly card player; MacLaine is a stupid but very nice bimbo; Frankie's blond love-interest is crazy literary expert; Frankie's brother is a successful guy who married his wife and has a miserable marriage; and so on. Cliche. The story contains a couple of coincidences that are a bit distant to my story: Frankie just encounters her niece in the local environment; his niece becomes only a few feet from his father when the other kisses his secretary for the FIRST TIME; and then it's a terrible, stupid ending. In that, a drunken guy who tried to kill Frankie's boy, somehow managed to find him in the carnival of all places! The place is totally overcrowded, with a lot of noise and chaos - and that's happening in the evenings - and yet that guy finds Frankie (even though he's drunk like a handle) and shoots at him. But guess who kills? MacLaine. They jump in front of the bullet to save Frankie: a cliché that writers of comic books might come across. This completely pathetic, overly dramatic and unpleasant end certainly can not please any, even a semi, spectator. And that's the same day that MacLaine and Sinatra got married! The writer of this nonsense seems to have read his whole life - how else should this film be explained? There is even a card game in which a battle appears with Franco and Martin, and from the cliché cliché of the "living" imagination of the writer. (It was like a damn Western suddenly.) Another silly thing is the way Sinatra went crazy about the teddy bitch and did not care for MacLaine. As the film progresses, we find that Sinatra finds out that MacLaine is too silly to him, just like a blonde bimbo finds Sinatra, which is too low for her. There is some snobbism and contempt that can be found in the MacLaine script. MacLaine is considered to be worthless to everyone, while blond bimbo is considered a princess and intellectual; the ironic truth lies in the fact that her character appears to be rather stupid and not at all intellectual; its behavior, comments and opinions are mostly cliche, silly, confused, demanding and primitive. At least MacLaine's character knows she (MacLaine) is stupid. There is another irony that I did not notice: Sinatra had difficulty finding the end of her last story - like the writer of this film, and so he came up with the dirty, dirty final. <br /> </ p> </ p> <p> <p> <p> <p> <p> The film is basically a solid cast, and photography is nice, but the scenario, though sometimes well, relies heavily on stupid nonsense, instead of figures and events based on reality. <br /> <br /> You are interested in reading my "biographies" by Shirley MacLaine and other Hollywood intellectuals, contact me by e-mail.
