** SPOILERS ** I leased "Tesis" (or "Thesis" in English) based on later efforts by director Alejandro Amenabar "Others". Based on what the film was greatly measured and scary, I assumed that my earlier efforts would be of similar quality and I was in the mood for some good horror. Instead, I was filled with the most important, inexpressible excuse for the film I saw from the German film "Anatomy" (which I reminded of). potential, but is expelled in the first 20 minutes. It revolves around Innocent-n-Pretty Psychology Angela's (Ana Torrent - Jessica Harper deadringer) work on violence in movies. Due to some far-reaching circumstances, which are too stupid to get here, there is a "sinking board" on which two men tortured and killed a young girl for the camera. Angela and her terrible friend, Chema (Fele Martinez), are both shocked, yet impressed with the tape, and decide to get to the bottom of who's responsible. That leads to ... well, nothing. They never really give a reason why they want to find the girl's killers (because they definitely refuse to contact the police during any emerging conflict, even if they are threatened by their own lives) and the secret itself is as empty as Graham Norton in a room full of bunnies. There is only one correct "clue" (the type of camera used by the killers) and that is a) really weak and b) carried out in the first 20 minutes. The rest of the so-called "revelation" is happening through blind happiness, increasingly ridiculous plots of conspiracy, and a lot of terrible, transparent and thoroughly redundant herrings that are trapped only to make it run. <br /> <br /> Seriously - Amenabar could know his stuff about ghost stories, but he had never read a detective book in his life. The key to good whodunnit is to have large clusters of potential suspects and remove them one at a time with clever reading and gradually discovering more and more evidence before they get to the last step. In "Tesis", * POTENTIAL SPOILER AHEAD * the identity of the killer is rightly guessed by amateur "detectives" almost immediately and then we get 100 minutes of a writer who tries to blow us out of the smell until he exhausts ideas, hands up and says, "Well, you got me, it was over! " As for any logic or motive for crimes - no such luck. You watch the bad movie if it is what you are. <br /> <br /> The only thing that goes "Tesis" out of being a stupid, badly written thriller is the way she really tries to make some absurd, confused "point" about film violence. I have no idea what attitude he is trying to do, but he seems determined to hurry into the tone of an improper, confused psychobablou, among other helpless people, saying, "Look at me, I'm political!" The final scenes in which the "point" of the film is reportedly taken home are totally absurd and a little girl, but she does not care if Amenabar now feels embarrassed when he watches it. If he is not, he should definitely. This is overall "amateur night in house slasher houses". Overall, I can not believe I lost two hours (it was at least six) and I just hope something happens. The urban legend of "snuff films" (and that's basically what they are, despite the way this film attempts to imply that they are a criminal phenomenon that spreads the world!), Is an area that can be so exploitedly exploited in good horror movies ("Videodrome" someone?), but it's so easy to cross the line to the kids "it would not be cool if!" (for example, "My Little Eye") ... "Tesis" strikes the genre of "snuff". At each level, it is better to stay dead and be buried. I'll do it for 1 in 10, for some nice lighting, but that's all that gets.
