The strangely named Vera-Ellen was to dance a movie about Sonja Henie's film about rocking skating: a blonde, a girl, always gorgeous to observe, but not a particularly good actress, and usually exaggerated with weak material. When I look at Vera-Ellen's sexy dance with Gene Kelly in Words and Music, I can not realize that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made from the flag of South Vietnam. For some reason, the very American Vera-Ellen starred in * two * musicals (made several years apart) in Edinburgh, a town unmarked for its tap-dancers: Let's Be Happy and Happy Go Lovely. /> <br /> Cesar Romero plays in an American impresario, which for some reason organizes a musical performance in Edinburgh. There is an unclear attempt to combine this show with the Edinburgh Festival, which is nonsense: The festival is not a show for slender legs. We also see a few Royal Mile shots: apart from several accents, Highland does not even attempt to explain the Scottish atmosphere in this film. The funniest gag appears at the very beginning when we learn that the name of Romero's show is "Frolics to You": it's a playful game that the British will not win and the Yankees will not. Vera-Ellen is, as usual, a cute and attractive and impressive dancer, but very few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. The plot - the mistaken identity between Grandmaster David Niven and reporter Gordon Jackson - is insignificant, though not more than the land of several dozen Hollywood musicals. Romero is less unpleasant than usual, probably because (once) there is no need to convince us that he is interested in bedding with a heroine. The only major move of this film is the abuse of Bobby Howes. Father Sally Ann Howes was the main star of the West End musicals; his sad performance "About me is beautiful" was a big hit in Britain in 1937. Here he appears in several scenarios like Romero's dog body, but he never has a chance to attend a musical number or even any real comedy. It is absolutely criminal that this movie - with the name containing the word "Lovely" would certainly cause Howes' biggest hit - would have occupied a prominent British music star but did nothing to do! <br /> <br /> The delightful actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (with whom I once worked) shines in one restaurant sequence and there is a glimpse of King Kay Kendall. As a confidant of Vera-Ellen, someone named Diane Hart speaks one of the most annoying voices I've ever heard. It sounds like an attempt to imitate Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns both at the same time, but they also do not match. Val Guest has a narrative story, but this film does not come to the quality of his great comedies. Color photography is incredible, even though I realize that postwar Britain can not afford Hollywood process work. "Happy Go Lovely" is the best possible time loss, with "waste" being an operative word. I'm watching this movie just 4 out of 10.
