You must understand that when Wargames was released in 1983, he created a generation of hackers. The idea that a teenager could do something far-reaching, let alone discourage the world war, was new and exciting. Real computers have begun to appear in people's homes, and for the first time, the company has become connected in such a way that film space has become an exciting prerequisite. He promised that a talking computer that compared leisure chess and global thermonuclear war was a bit far, but a brilliant commentary on the proliferation of nuclear weapons and the Cold War was involved. I probably even heard about the hackers from whom this film was really based. Fast forward 25 years and we have a terrible mutant thing that does not intend to be called "the sequel" of Wargames: Dead Code. I'm just going to kick right inside. First, the plot depends on the gambling government, where people who win the games will automatically become suspects of terrorism. You are probably very confused. The idea is that eventually a terrorist will click on a sub-game within a "The Dead Code" website where they fly the plane over the city and splash it with biological weapons. At some point in the game, you have to choose between "sarine gas" and "anthrax," and if you choose "sarin," then you are automatically confirmed as an expert in biological terrorism and your family is taken into custody and questioned. The movie really does. However, since the payment for the game was made from a bank account that was suspicious, it seems all makes sense. Secondly, the avatar of AI in this bomb directly on the DVD is an unpleasant flash animation that repeats the pop-up-ad-esquire sound bite "play with me baby". Because, apparently, in the future, advanced AI will lose interest in intellectual activities like chess and gets into porn. Thirdly, motivation for these "hackers" is profit and women, unlike pure curiosity as in the original film. For some reason, recent hacker movies feel the need to portray all young adults as the average surfers guy kind of people who are just like everyone else. This can work for your average sitcoms, but you know you will not learn how to take over government computers by doing your hair, playing sports, and shopping at the store. One novel thing I noticed was that at some point in the dialogue there was a link to the movie Matt Damon, and later the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear they named the main character just for this phrase to send a high five to Mr. Damon. This Will Will is not a bad kid, but she definitely was not like any obsessed hacker I've ever met. Can not I fully state how angry I am that this movie shares the same name as the original because it has absolutely nothing to do with it? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappear in this film as a fragile old man who seems to be dying of boredom and a dilapidated old tic-tac-toe with a higher voice. After some extension, Joshua (AI) has what seems to be sex with a new AI with a portable voice, a lot of board flash games on big screens, and the whole "The only way to win is not to play," the apparition is considered the pinnacle. Besides, those of you who have seen the original you know, those who want to see it in the first place have already done it and done it. The recycled end of the film from last month's compost. The new movie was directed by a guy who made 90210 and was written by guys who shot B films. The original was directed by a man who busy with "Heroes," so you see differences in quality. There was talk of a real remake, but I hope it will not be lost again. I swear that if I have to, I'll visit every gambling website until I find the guy who is led by a psychotic government computer. The Savior's mercy is that I was able to transfer it to Netflix, so at least the one energy I spent in watching this catastrophe was breathing, clicking, and trouble.
