He certainly is not terrible, but certainly not good. The poster, a beloved land (1995), was directed by Darrell Roodt and written for screen by Ronald Harwood (Adapted from the 1946 novel by Alan Paton). Starring: James Earl Jones and Richard Harris. The film is about South Africa's pre-apartheid and stories of a black man and a white man. Pious but naive preacher Stephen Kumalo (James Earl Jones) will receive a letter from Johannesburg saying he must come immediately; later finds out that his son killed a man. Rich farmer / landowner James Jarvis (Richard Harris) finds out that his son, a black warrior, was the one killed by the Kumal's son. They are joining. I can not compare them to the 1951 film of the same name because I did not see it. Or a musical called The Lost in the Stars of 1974, because I did not see her; both look better than this one. But on the other hand, I noticed, he has a much more urgent air, as if he really was trying to say where the Cry movie, The Beloved Country, seems to have no idea where he is going. Very "kind". I refuse to compare the film to the novel (except I used this novel to be more than a film) because novels and films are two extremely different media, and it makes no sense to think about themselves or compare them with the same means. <br /> <br /> Frankly, this movie exploded. Well, I guess it was not that bad, - Five out of ten, - but it was not that good either. Both lead, both very capable actors pulling some of the most important wooden performances I've seen with some of the most unpleasant dialogues in film history (but it can be blamed by screenwriter, Ronald Harwood, which is also weird, is a game with this movie that also wrote to the noble Pianist and Being Julius). Among other things, the point and the themes of the novel are almost entirely lost in their transition to the film for the third time; there is little, if any, tension with any moment of film, racial or tense. Music will not help. A painfully misplaced and boring pastoral orchestra really helps with this loss of film. One at the top is cinematography, with lots of good or great shots, but unfortunately it does not help too much. <br /> <br /> Last, striking words of Alan Patton's novel are shown in the last moments of the movie. It's bad he seems so disconnected from the movie he's just shown. I do not know what Nelson Mandela would see in this movie. <br /> <br /> Thanks for your time.
