Sometimes one day should study architecture as it is in horror films; all those strangely located home searches, searching for secret passages and crypts, watching monsters over air channels, and so on. I can only recall a few films starring Demon Seed, Cube, remake of Thirteen Ghosts - but it is the heart of every story about a haunted house or church or crypt; it's all about the character and influence of spaces, passages, and walls. So I was looking forward to this thriller where he promised to be central. The idea is this: The architect built - actually, rebuilt - for himself a huge and restless house; his wife just left him, mainly because of his own ecent, but it is also indicated, because from the moment he remodeled it, he can not get used to the place. Living in an extraordinary place (actually this time, rather than virtual), he thinks that someone else - a stranger who came to the door one evening with the request to use the phone and then suddenly disappeared - lives in the house with him; only that place is big enough to never see him. This is a good start for a melodrama that could be expected to follow some lines such as these: After searching for an intruder's house several times without success, the architect resorts to his plans to undergo more systematic tests, in different ways, how to surprise, capture or attack the intruders, perhaps through some of the special features he put into the structure. Meanwhile, the intruder discovered shelters and paths back between places that the architect did not anticipate or remember. The film would become a cat and mouse game, a hunt, a battle; and finally, when he tries to capture an intruder, the architect himself would end up imprisoned in his own creature as he did not expect. Then he would be forced to think of himself-and perhaps of his own isolation-and in the final procedure he would not want to, and perhaps even kill, ****. br /> <br /> There is nothing like this in this movie; the house is just a house, the architect is just a guy and his nemesis has an unknown nature, if any. Here's what's happening in the movie: Once the intruder is installed in the house - if it is - the architect starts to hear the noise, but when he goes to the investigation, he finds nothing. He tells the police, he thinks it's a little nuts; convinces his estranged wife to spend the night, thinks he's more nuts. Finally, more or less accidentally, he encounters intruders (does not have a good look but the characters who else could be?) - it's not a difficult question, in the story with less than three main characters), then blocks the door, reduces the grates on the windows , throws the key (I do not know why he thought it necessary) and lets the victim starve. I miss why this is: the door and the walls are made of steel? In any case, the architect takes his sleep in his car. And because the thought of the film is neglected and can not be further developed, something else must be designed to get it. And that is: Architect - are you ready? - Moves to the house of a man who (probably) moved to him and lives there in the same way. How is this possible? It is not, but the film is trying to make it look like this: The architect photographed the man who came to his door; and when he leaves the house, he will make a picture with him; and when he sits in his car, throws a picture into the street; and the two kids pick it up and notice that it looks like Martin, their neighbors; after which the architect asks where his house and children are heading. If this sequence seems to be unpredictable, what's going on directly. The architect recovers with Martin's wife with a wheelchair, ignorant; so reckless in his movements and so cunning in his reading of his hostess that he is always able to leave the room just as he enters or knocks out of sight just as he turns. Throughout this section, the film is clever and, on the other hand, causes his life with this stranger who does not know he is there is essentially the same life he lived with his wife as a virtual recluse with her as a suitable buffer. At the same time, however, his inability to live in the world makes his transformation into raffles of a cat thief totally unbelievable. Do not stop in a series of twists at the end - including another murder that happens when somebody goes behind other invisible doors - this time in front of the landing surface, so lean that they collapse under the weight of a wheelchair. two dear people who are murdered in a step; and (before the story began) the undiscovered tunnel construction under several houses .... To the final long-awaited twist, the film adds another to make it even more insulting and then ... ending. /> <br /> Here is a story that depends on the development of two things - the idea of ​​an alien in the house and the character of a man whose house is - and both come across. The first tiny makes it boring; the second one excited me when she pushed the main character up and down on an ever-increasing road to the zigzag, and never provided any explanation for the character he needed most: Martin tunnel builder and tenant tenant. Sometimes the story should be repeated.
