"Absolute Beginners" was a film for the younger generation, which dealt with questions that young people met in the UK, and how these problems, which are constantly interfering with each remark, can teen problems relate to youth of tomorrow. It could have been called "Moulin Rouge" in the 1980s, but disappeared. She has done her very shallow brand in the world, she has come under radar, and now dust collection can be found either in the music section, in the comedy section, or in the politically dark section of this crazy video rental company that does not need to survive the chain money. Unfortunately, it was not where I found it? but I found it, I watched it, tried hard to sing with him, looked at Bowie's eyes, but until the end I found out I was gone. Can not survive the test of time? Is London 1950 too far from our current society? Is Bowie too scary? I think "Absolute Beginners" is falling somewhere on each of these questions as a perfect example of a cinema that starts with a bang, but ends up blooming to the end of a spark. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" are opening a huge amount that takes us over Sunday Street London, which includes theft at night, prostitutes at every corner, dancing around the world, booze like rivers and the strongest bonds to almost everyone individual. Sounds like a place we all hate to be? right? Director Julien Temple keeps the atmosphere of light and flashes in most of the songs as we try to learn about the number of our main characters. The one we watch most is Colin played by Eddie O'Connell, who follows his dreams of shooting while shooting his favorite Suzette girl (played by Patsy Kensit). These two have chemistry, and while Suzette looks like Lohan before rehab, they work for me. There was a great spark between them, chemistry was like lava, and I believed that I could take the two of them on a journey I had never gone. Was I ready? but then something happened. The temple brings us out of the nightlife, pulls us out of the city where we grew up at the beginning, and completely reversed the role without any initiation to the first. Suzette escapes, Colin becomes devastating and Bowie? well ?? I'm not quite sure what his role is, but he sleeps awfully well when climbing a mountain? I can tell you a lot. The temple gives us this dazzling city, the opportunity to see those who inhabit it, but it lets us hang high and dry when it's time to pull the trigger. Colin we learn mainly, but no one else. I would probably be able to watch this movie again and still be as confused, to whom it is angry, to whom and to what meaning fashion has at that time. Did those teens really? everyone looked like they were trying their late 20s, but maybe it was my television. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The evolution of the character is thrown right behind the door, Temple tries to overcompensate by giving us larger, richer songs by using even more characters that we do not know about it. One of my favorite songs in the film uses this idea as an excellent example. The temple uses a split house to show us the life of Colin's parents (which I did not know it was until after the movie) and a song that screams apathy. Great song, too many characters, lack of time, suddenly dragged into another scene of lack of coherence and just crumbles in your hands. Then, if it is not enough, we rock our heads into the rhythm of some great songs, wipe our noggin "trying to understand where our characters are or going and Temple casting hatred, anger and politics into the final act. While I was hoping this film would be have a special theme, I do not think racism will be at the top of the law, suddenly they are gone friends, people are angry, and there is a random guy fighting Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of another race? It seemed to me that he was in a hurry and amazed, almost to the extent that he wanted to turn off the film, and for me the end of the "Absolute Beginners" was nowhere near the excitement of the initial number, the first part setting the tempo and the temple unable to keep it. The temple can drive a music video, but I do not think he was quite ready for a feature film. I do not think that this movie would ever get to full ultimate "position and is likely to remain unchanged or in the dollar for the next few years. It's a funny movie that you look at at first, but when we get into that last part it will explode from the inside. I wanted some great work, but instead of what I found, it was a strange Bowie associated with characters I did not care about. I saw how this film can relate to the youth of the 1980s but eventually felt compelled. I think everyone in this production should take a moment and listen to "motivation" from the incessant Bowie in this film, perhaps it helped to strengthen this feature into a better cult. I'm glad I watched the movie once, but that's all my little brain can take. I loved the way the Temple caught me from the beginning but could not control my characters (too much) and the songs did not seem to match the final moments of the film. It came from nothing, and it was unmistakable. If it was a movie about racism, it had to be from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" was a welcome adventure, but I do not think I will be releasing this movie in the future. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from *****
