If you read the original novel, like me, you probably hate this thing. The film version of _Absolute Beginners_ is a night fashion conglomerate of the eighties of the Anachronism who are attempting to create a set of "periods" in the late 1950s and failed to re-create or even pay a reminder for this period - American immortality _Dirty Dancing_ resembles 1963, that the film proved to be financially successful despite having the same amateur screen. In addition to having a "look into the 80's," the characters have changed, re-arranged and subordinated to the fact that the only features that have the same features of the novel are the smallest superficial appearance and, of course, their names: Suze is transformed from the scattered ex -woman and promiscuous negrophile, who is willing to marry a closed old queen for money (on her own admission on the front pages) to the unfortunate and naive "Eve" -archetype with glory and spell, abusing and cheating somehow into a shaman's marriage that surprisingly, Van Dyke did not get a pointed haircut. She and the narrator, nicknamed "Colin" (after the author of the book, Colin MacInnes) for the film, are also in a relationship. <br /> <br /> Big Jill's character, a lesbian seemingly butch still "fop like" in her mid-20s, acting as a pussy for young curls and bubble-headed lesbians, and one of the closest friends of the narrator, to give up sincere wisdom narrator, is reduced to a sort of "named extra" with little to discard lines and tons of comic clothing. Fabulous Hoplite, a homosexual young man, and another close friend of the narrator in the novel, is also reduced to being unnecessary in the movie, camping, and all being ignored. Birthday's father in the novel is a little sad little character, but in the film he played to drop out as an optimistic and strangely spiritual despite the unfortunate neighborhood, and the contradiction of his marriage to the narrator's mom seems to be ignored for practical reasons. For your benefit, the music (for what it is) is well compiled and you have to give producers and written listeners the fact that they really went out of the book ("... some days, they will write musicals about the 1950s ..." ) as their inspiration to write musical, but in the world of bad moderate musicals, is one of the worst executed in the group. Unlike _Shock Treatment_ or _Starstruck_, crucial fence elements are considered as afterthoughts. Unlike Apple, there is a torn and uneven flow between musical numbers and spoken conversation. You really can not blame it for being "too 1980s", you feel that it was created in the eighties. The film version of _Annie_, which was released in 1981, paid a beautifully rendered look of New York look in the 1930s, and _Napolean Dynamite_ managed to capture the courageous look and look of the 1980s, although it was produced at a low budget in 2003 (although is not explicitly defined in the 1980s, those who have spent ten years can not deny that the film "feels very eighties"). Obviously, it was possible to do something good, especially with regard to the iconic state of the UK's source novel, but apparently neglected to look and feel, as well as its handling of starting material, which is unlikely to be a disrespect. Perhaps if you did not read or have no intention of reading this novel, you could look forward to this 80s camp anachronism that gives the shameful parody of the late 1950s of the so-called London modern jazz ensemble. I certainly see what the team was trying to do, but they could definitely do it better. With Boy George as a home name and mixed-breed musicians and bands on the charts in the 1986 UK, they definitely did not have to bowdlerise the characters in the way they ended up doing. In fact, I would go as far as saying that the writers ended up doing what critically criticized the book and the film - it ended with the fact that a lot of adults bristled and cured their targeted teenage audience like two-bit idiots to quickly avoid .
