Robert Colomb has two full-time jobs. He is known all over the world as a globetrotting television reporter. Less known, but the same effort is his explosion as a full-time philanthropist. I saw "Vivre pour Vivre", which was nicknamed "Live for Life" in English. Some life! Robert seems to have at least three women in his life: one mistress on the way out, one on his way, and a cheated wife at home. Helps Robert be a liar. His most useful lies are: "I'll call you tomorrow," and "My work lasted longer than planned." He spends a lot of time and money on airplanes, trains and hotel rooms for his succession. You wonder when this guy will be imprisoned with his trousers. Some may find their life exciting, but I thought it was tedious. His companions, including his wife, Catherine, are all attractive and desirable women. But his lifestyle is so hectic, and he's so fraudulent, you wonder if he's enjoying it all. <br /> <br /> Adding to the screen is a great shot that does not recommend the story. There are expanded sections without dialogue or dialogue only for French. We see documentary films about wars, torture and training of soldiers scattered by living events. When Robert returns from Africa, we wait and wait for the plane to land and taxi to the airport terminal. Annie Girardot is an outstanding artist in this film. Her most famous character was the game and the perfect game. It was also beautiful to see Candice Bergen at the beginning of her career. I can not find a mistake with Yves Montandon's performance, which was basically an amoral rush. I enjoyed some new techniques by Claude Lelouch. In the hotel room scene, the camera around the room turns as Robert and his mistress quarrels. We see them briefly during each pass around the room. In another scene, which is in a sleeping car, Robert is on the upper bunk, while his wife is on the underside. Robert gives his wife some important, but anxious messages, but we hear only some parts of it for pulling the train. I felt that his wife was not able to absorb all the words because of the shocking nature of the news. I also enjoyed the exciting safari scene in Africa. The cinematography of those scenes and those in Amsterdam was excellent. I reviewed the film as part of the project at the Library of Congress. I named the FIFTY project: 50 remarkable films forgotten in 50 years. As best as I can tell, this movie, like the other forty-nine I've discovered, was not in the video, broadcast or distributed in the US since its original release. In my view, re-opening is worthy. <br /> <br />
