This film ends with a narrative in which the narrator tells of the fate of two main characters and that the names of people and places have changed ... before telling us that the relationship to current people and events is purely random. This final line really sums up everything that preceded it; as Rin Di Silvestro's incompetent film lacks vision and if there is a plot of conspiracy; it was not expedient. The Werewolf is often considered guilty of joy or the film "so bad is good," but I totally disagree. I usually like such movies; but the werewolf is a really bad film and despite all the sexes and wildness on the screen; it does not even mean it's fun watching, and that's really unforgivable. The film does not really have much conspiracy, but the thin spring that is given to us involves a young woman who also dreamed of being a werewolf. They try to go out and find a man, sex with them and eventually kill them. Back to the real world she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes out for vengeance ... The film is made up of scenes of sex and gore that are stuffed out of extremely boring speaking sequences in which different characters reflect on recent events. These scenes are likely to exist for land transfer and character creation; but they really will not do it, and they will only succeed by turning to what might have been through exploitation through into an extremely stunning film. It seems that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than conspiracy, as evidenced by the fact that the movie looks and sounds nice. Sexual scenes are often too long and not too erotic, but the gore works well. The premise is mature by giving way to a very sexy slice of exploitation because there are plenty of naked women and the fact that the central character has a werewolf means there might be a lot of eroticism; but it's not capitalized, and while I can blame huge doses of bad acting and badly done plot lines, I really can not stand watching movies and get bored. Overall, I would not even recommend this movie to big fans of exploitation. There's a lot better stuff than there, and while the title may sound interesting - the movie is not.
