"La Lupa Mannara" aka. "Werewolf Woman" from 1976 is a film with a very promising tit, but unfortunately the film itself is quite far from having to be seen for my colleagues of Italian horror. You will not hear that the movie Rino Di Silvestri is absolutely bad - it has its stylish moments and the first half is really great fun (even if the fun is unintentional). The film also benefits from the exceptional acting performance of Annik Borel. However, a film that has no real conspiracy (at least no linear) often makes no sense, and it is stretching incredibly over most of the useless second half. Daniella (Annik Borel) has special dreams about dancing around naked at night before he turns into a Werewolf. Because she was raped as a girl, Daniella is afraid of men. Then, when her sister (sultan Dagmar Lassander) arrives with her husband, Daniella suddenly feels attracted to her husband, and then turns into the Vlkka woman itself ... or something. The story really does not make any sense, which makes the movie a lot of fun watching during the first half. Daniella's lead character is a schizophrenic mixture of frigid hysterical and greedy nymphomaniac, who sometimes turns into a werewolf. Director Di Silvestri has decided to offset holes with many female nudity, which works well. There are also some pretty well done gore moments. The film is never quite thrilling or scary, but it's very fun at first. There are no attempts to hide it from slices of dirt, the camera often takes a close look at Miss Borel's private parts for being simply heck. Do not complain. Consequently, for some reason, Di Silvestri decided to make the film longer by completely changing the direction in which he is going. While Daniella is initially a typical werewolf who can not help, but does not keep up with the urge of her curse, it suddenly changes when she meets a guy (Howard Ross, in 1973's Fernando Di Leo "Il Boss"). Suddenly, it returns to normal again, and the next part of the film does not come at all with the first half. After a while it becomes damn dull; it seems to be better if this 99-minute movie had only 70 minutes. Finally, they even want us to believe that the absurd story (if possible) is based on real events. The "Werewolf" has some redemption; my fellow Italo-Horor fans can try. However, if you want to watch Italian horror / cinematography from the 1970s, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before you see this.
