I guess the writers have never read a book of any kind, much less the Dickens novel, and certainly not David Copperfield, and they have based their script on another badly written scenario or on the Copperfield adaptation, though it is likely another one from which they accidentally destroyed about a third of the pages , and then the rest shattered along with some random pages from a script written by an eight-year-old nephew on the English class, and for which he was unsuccessful. If casting was a bad joke - for example Richards as Kramer plays Micawbera - that was, then the direction and the acting process was wrongly delivered punches. As for Kramera like Mikawber, Ham was such a complete hedgehog, determination, and all that I expected in the middle of time to see that he was haunted by an angry fork and a torch with a crowd of villagers. Uriah was almost like a clown like Micawber. Mr. Murdstone caused so much terror as a vampire from Moscow's Sesame Street. The actor who played older David was, in fact, a woman. In any case, he kept looking, as if he wanted to find a mirror to see how beautiful he looked, and he looked pretty pretty that he could hardly convince us he was writing with a pen. And when we are in that case, in one of the many gross inaccuracies that the half-producers of this embarrassment have done, in the unnecessary footage of David who wrote his story seems to be somewhere between 18 and 21 years old, he should be in his 1940s . Perhaps the biggest misdemeanor, though hard to choose, was the controversial conflict between David and Murdstone when he chose a third wife in Switzerland, preceding, of course, the imagined death of the other wife, Murdstone. While they were on it, it's a wonder they did not send Heep to the guillotine and let him add the last words of Sidney Carton. It could not really do much worse. It could have been much better. Virtually thousands of small and great sins against literature during this abortion art, and anyone who watches it is in serious and permanent harm to all aspects of their sensitivity.
