Stupid, Simplified and Short, GUN CRAZY (VOLUME 1: WOMAN FROM NOWHERE) is nowhere to be seen. This short (only sixty minutes) story is not so inspired by the classic Spaghetti Westerns, which is a break from Sam Raimi's "QUICK & THE DEAD" (his honored tribute to Spaghetti Westerns) brought to the present environment. In the movie QUICK & DEAD, Sharon Stone tries to avenge the strange sheriff played by Gene Hackman, who in her hands has won the fate of her father (a short story by Gary Sinis). inadvertently, he shot his head. In GUN CRAZY, Saki (played by an agile Ryoko Yonekura) tries to avenge the unfortunate Mr. Toja (played with the minimalist Shingo Tsurumi), who, when it was just an urchin, placed her father's fate in her hands; she let her leg slip out of the clutch and the dear father was dragged and seated with a blank. The only significant difference, despite the setting, is the fact that Tojo sadistically criples Saki? Well, I will not mess up for you if you decide to watch. <br /> <br /> In short, Saki? a pale imitation of "Unnamed Man" Clint Eastwood? driving to the city? basically there's a car shop and a tavern next to the US military base, so I think it's enough for the city? damaged Tojo, a local criminord with an extremely high price on his head for reasons that have never been explained nor explored. Recognizing his true self as a reward hunter, Saki takes on local shooters in shootings, whose choreography carries more than just a look like the works of Johnny To and John Woo. Of course, until the end of the movie, Saki has endured her fair amount of torture from the hands of bad guys, but she's rising to the occasion? on your knees, in a laugh that ends surprisingly? and destroys all your enemy launchers. Do not ask where the launcher gets. Just watch yourself. Try not to laugh. <br /> <br /> Image quality is average for DVD release. Several sequences have a grainy quality, but overall it is not a bad transmission. Sound quality sometimes leaves imagination, but again it is not a bad transmission. Rather it's a bad movie.
