"Boom" got something good. Taylor, Burton, Noel Coward, Tennessee Williams and Joseph Losey might be trying to think how badly it can be? Well, it's much worse than you could imagine. The sad and disturbing reality of "Boom" seems to signal the fall and fall of the above-mentioned heavy ones. It was only director Joseph Losey who deeply immersed himself in "Modesta Blaise" and "Boom" (some may wish to add "Secret Ceremonies"), he managed to recover and in 1970 he created his best work, the wonderful "Go-Between ". <br /> <br /> The saddest of all is the work of Tennesee Williams. From the mid-1940s to the early 1960s, Williams has played a number of games that have gained classical status, staying in the theatrical repertoire around the world, many of which become much-praised movies. When William's music left him, he probably left him because of his notorious abuse of habits. Williams, in his best case, is a dream of an actor who provides many unforgettable performances. (Byli Ava Gardner or Deborah Kerr still better than "Night Iguana"?) Taylor was particularly glowing both in "Hot Tin Roof Cat" and "Suddenly Last Summer". There is an anecdote in which Taylor allegedly asks John Gielgood whether he will teach her to play Shakespeare, which he replied "if you teach me to play Tennessee Williams." If Gielgud saw "Boom," he would have kept his tongue. Taylor simply was never worse and turned to get the power. Through the face of photography well, she is definitely armpit. In addition to her physical bankruptcy, she would have lost her credibility since then as a serious actress with a number of completely forgotten (and even worse) roles. The same is true of Burton. After a short live theatrical star, he gained fame and luck in Hollywood. But the body of his work from this time (1968) would be pointless to say as little as possible. Noel Coward has long since ceased to be a force in a theater where his chests were replaced by Williams and British "Angry Young Men". He seems to be enjoying himself camping, but hardly he can talk, from a man who claims such a talent. The only player who retains his dignity is young Joanna Shimkus, for a few years she would give up her promising career screen to become Ms Sidney Poitier. "Boom" is committing itself; it's just out of control. The rather sad indicator of a career has become a bad one rather than a holiday fun holiday, as some have suggested.
