It's a bad season for Bollywood with all the big stories of massive enthusiasm that prove to be dirty at the box office. London Dreams is no exception. We understand it ... It's all about pursuing your dreams and about how much you do it. Does it sound impressive well? Unfortunately, the film is not. Arjun (Ajay Devgan) is an ambitious musician who wants to make one big day. His dream is to perform at the Wembley Stadium in front of the upcoming 90,000 spectators who call his name. It will be joined by two brothers, Zoheb & Wasim (debutants Aditya Roy & Ranvijay) and adorable Priya (Asin). Together, they make up the dreams of dreams in London. After recording the head of the record company, night's feelings become. Arjun is secretly in love with Priy, whom he does not want to reveal until he reaches his goal. Arjun then brings his childhood friend Manjit Khosla aka Manna (Salman Khan), a carefree coach who has no ambition in life to join his band. Mannu is a trained musician and a real talent for whom Arjun later experienced Mannu's superior abilities and his relationship with Priya. Arjun, with the help of Zoheba, plans to fill Mann. What happens, the rest of the movies will look like. <br /> <br /> As far as technical aspects are concerned, we only feel the shadow of Vipul Amritlal Sha, which we admired in Namaste, London. He felt like he was simply visualizing the script. To shorten, a celebrated cameraman. Scenario Suresh Nair is dull even though he has moments. A predictably defined script has bored you. Working with the camera was amazing in capturing the beauty of London. It's the only fun part of watching songs. <br /> <br /> Only a few songs are humorous while others are nice noisy fares. Ajay was the one who cleaned the show with his negative nature. Salman is monotonous and he's angry with you. Asin is forgotten and I do not think it's going to be in Bollywood. Aditya Roy is impressive, while Ranvijay is perfectly fine. Brinda as a female is what we have seen in countless movies. Ompuri continues to drive. I do not want the bugs to collapse because it will be a herbal task. Finally, I will say straightforward and straightforward, London's dreams are a soulless movie that you can look forward to on DVD.
