London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a frustrating foolish film about stupid people. It is a type of film whose central conflict could be resolved immediately if the characters in question simply sat down and had an interview. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, an aspiring pop-artist obsessed with a crowd before the London Wembley stadium. He becomes jealous of his devoted best friend and husband Mana, who plays Salman Khan, who is obviously more talented than he, but nowhere extraordinarily focused or ambitious. Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when his popularity is threatening to shine. Now there is a place where hearts could help. If Arjun explained what this Wembley fixation means to him, Manu would turn mercifully and let Arjun fulfill his childhood dream, and we would be spared the suffering of watching the remnant of this unwavering disgrace. But director Vipul Shah and his writers are in no mood to make any kind of favors to us. London's dreams are filled with inadvertently cheerful gems, like the singing of grandfather Arjun, who committed suicide for shame for having falsely concurred in Wembley. Or an absurd incident on a show where Manu has to take vocal responsibility after the explosion of the confetti has practically choked Arjuna into silence. But this idiocy does not end. In his attempts to ruin Mana publicly, Arjun uses his connection to connect Manu to drugs. Buxom groupie urges Mana to have a few tequila shots with her, but replaces his salt with cocaine. Before you know, Manu got quite a touch of an addictive white powder that practically made him a dinner. If it's not stupid enough, there's a rough scene later in which Manu chases the girl to find out from whom she receives orders. The effort ends in the dark London aisle where the girl gets to her knees and pretends to make it unimaginable to introduce Manu's girlfriend who secretly followed them. Wait, there's more! Expect to breathe hysterically when Arjun throws off his belt and whips helplessly to drive away all the thoughts of romance or desire toward the leader of the Priya group dancer (Asin) because nothing and no one can distract him from his musical goals. Too generously inspired by Amadeus Milos Forman to deserve any comparison with last year's Rock On!, The latest Vipul Shahem is a clumsy melodrama that is freely focused as it is written. The film is based on broad humor, excessive emotions, and basically chooses a loudness over subtlety. This works for Manu's figure when Salman Khan plays with him ubiquitous and dear, but in the case of Arjun, Ajay Devgan looks too passive with a performance that is mostly internalized. However, when Arjun reaches boiling point, it leads to an unpleasant pre-election scene in which he lectures a full concert hall and is of course covered with plastic bottles as a punishment. There is no word from the remaining cast, which I could tell Asin, who practically enlightened Ghajini with exasperated charm, but disappointed with unnecessary excessive acting in an ungrateful role. Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur, who are reduced to only minor fans in the band, meet regularly at regular intervals, usually telling some unpleasant dialogue like: "We'll rock it!" For her blurry writing and stinking direction, London Dreams is finally a difficult watch. If necessary, look at Salman Khan, who turned into a clown into bonafide acting style. It's the only thing that smiles you in this sad, sad movie.
