When this movie was first shown on TV, I had the hope that we will finally have a decent film about the First World War as experienced by American soldiers. Unfortunately it is not. <br /> <br /> It was a good WWI movie. Although it was made for television, it is obvious that genuine efforts have been made to use appropriate equipment and props. But writing and directing are inadequate, although of course the creators of this film freely borrowed from a few well-made war films. War film clichés are based on an arrogant general who obviously does not care about how they like their men's lives. When does Hollywood realize that even though there were a lot of bad generals, most combat troop generals have seen a lot of fighting themselves and are not naive about what the average experiences are experiencing? The first part of this film looked like the "Way of Fame" with American uniforms. Besides, the "Path of Glory" took emotionally. Later there was Chamberlain's charge (except uphill) from Gettysburg and even the capture of the American soldier by a circle of enemy soldiers from the Thin Red Line. But in the "Thin Red Line" the soldier was alone when he was captured. In this movie a ring appears around the new prisoner in the middle of the battle. <br /> <br /> If this film was used by a military adviser, they ignored it. Though actors (and I could never forget that they were actors watching) mouthed military tactics I did not see much. US soldiers would stand to be shot while the Germans attacked. And the infamous Storm Troopers, who were obviously blind, apparently did not use any tactics in their attack. In the real war, this tactic was such that fighter soldiers were so effective. But the most powerful scene was the German flames attack. In this scene, the German operators went wild in a broad direction to the defensive Americans. If it was real, they would never get close enough to use their flame throwers before they all hit the shooter's defeat. Well, so most war films are unrealistic in terms of tactics that are shown. But it's still disappointing. But what really turned me away was a typical anti-war anti-war angle that the filmmakers seem to be important for. It is true that war is hell. Most American soldiers, although they are blinking and catching, tend to believe what they are doing, and it may be more about it. My grandfather served in World War I. And even though he died four years before his birth, I was told how proud he is to be his service.
