Film films with children's actors have been on their hind legs from the very beginning. While there are some exceptions, most children simply can not survive, and even those who can normally get poisoned after a few minutes. The children at Paperhouse managed to capture the worst of the two worlds, because they are both very poisonous and do not have much devoted abilities among themselves. In a nutshell; they are garbage. This is not good because they are potential customers, and especially not good when you consider the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of actors. It's a shame that this movie is such a dead end because the plot is not (not completely). She is a young girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her laptop, wakes up in the fantastic world she has created. Soon she seems to be able to manipulate this world through her drawings, so she decides to make various changes until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare. Oh dear. As you can see, this story line gives a good base for a good fantasy horror movie. However, it is wasted by a series of fatal errors. First of all, although the premise is an excellent prerequisite for a lot of ingenuity; The film is extremely obsolete. The central conspiracy is not at all, and the result is a totally boring experience. Lack of tension is another huge flaw in the movie, because it considers it appropriate to drag each sequence to a point that you already have one (which is caused by a lack of ideas). In part, thanks to his leading figures, the film felt like a children's film. This is to be expected when children play, but Bernard Rose should decide that he wants to be a story; because horror in the movie is the best way ridiculous. The film is also very raw and the "romance" between the two drivers is extremely cruel - good, and leads to a very painful view. In fact, if I had to sum up this travesty in one word, I would choose "painful". Paperhouse is misplaced, ridiculously rendered, very frantic and boring as a whole. Save the pain, you will see something else.
