Der Ewige Jude does not have what we call today as a sign of a scientific document: rather than appointing experts or sources to support what he says he simply says without the opposition what he wants us to believe will admit that the American news media this period is also much less regulated than it would seem to modern audiences, often putting dramatized scenes and passing them as current news). Add to this controlled propaganda the fact that filmmaker Hippler "preached to the reverse" than to pupils who hate Europeans to hate Jews as confirmatory feelings that so many of them had to hold to allow the holocaust that followed. The weakest link in film logic shows in its analogy of "rats", in which it explains the behavior of rats and then adds something that works "well, Jewish people are like that". Similarly characterizes the Jewish people as ugly by depicting ugly Jewish people compared to attractive pagans; the accompanying leap of faith is that ugly is bad. The film seems to contradict several times, such as an attack on Western painters, who portrayed Old Testament figures as Europeans with light poles; so the text admits that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity is in fact a deep aspect of Christian culture. It also shows that the ghetto Jews are willing to live in filthy dirty dirt despite the presumed treasure they accumulate, and then the flip-flops by saying that the same undesirable things live in wealth and luxury once they leave the ghetto. By the way, who would not? The use of scenes from the well-known American House of Rothschild shows an equally blown logic. The film is first condemned as Jewish; then apparently used by Hippler to verify the fraudulentness of the Jews (the abovementioned claims of poverty by Jewish ghettos, shown as a means to exclude taxation, although Rothschild's character is "to rotate" is that Jews are over-taxed); eventually, Rothschild's film is again embodied by indicating that a well-known bank family invented a current account. This apparent indecision in whether the US affair is shown positively or negatively could be obvious in repeated views, but at first glance it leads to some dark overview. For all the imperfections of the Jewish Jews I was firstly surprised that the IMDb audience ratings for this film are as high as they are, just shy to "5" to date. I think the reason is that the documentary value of EJ has exceeded its original purpose, and inadvertently offered us a look at the lives of European Jews because they would not have been seen for a few years. Needless to say, the very badness of the film also provides a historical view of bad or simply bad film processing as a propaganda tool. At this time, I should expect director Hippler to turn around again and go forward to say, "That's what I wanted to do all the time!" Scenes showing the killing of animals are particularly scary and show the same as definitely inhumane, which is contrary to the intention of Kosher's law to prevent the suffering of animals. I would like to see somebody who saw the film and have some knowledge of these techniques to comment on whether the view is correct.
