La Chute de la Maison Usher or The Fall of the Usher House, as is known amongst English audiences, begins with Allan (Charles Lamy) who heads to the castle of his good friend Sir Roderick Usher (Jean Debucourt) who sent him a letter that his wife Madeleine is sick. When Allan finds out that Madeleine is very ill and her husband Roderick has decided and almost obsessed to paint his portrait. As Roderick draws, Madeleine becomes weaker and weaker as if the picture emptied life from her, Allan is trying to help his friend, but the tragedy soon strikes ... <br /> <br /> This French production was written together, produced and directed by Jean Epstein & was the second of the two filmed The Fall of Usher adaptation of the house in 1928, I honestly do not know the original novel was published in 1839, I think you will wait 89 years for a filmed adaptation and two come simultaneously! Anyway, I feel I have a bit of a problem because I've read a lot of positive comments about La Chute de la Maison Usher, and maybe I'm not the right person to write a comment, but I have to say he just does not do anything for me. I did not like it, of course, the first thing I have to say is that it is a silent film and therefore relies on the pictures, but I still thought the story was weak, I thought the whole movie was boring and boring, though it only takes about an hour and it did not do anything for me. La Chute de la Maison Usher was made almost 80 years ago, and it's literally a lifetime, the world, the cinema and the taste have moved a lot since then and I have not found any pleasure in this movie. I feel that this movie is badly dated and probably not so good start. I never felt a character, I never cared about anything that's going on, and I found it hard to sit down, sorry if I was offended by some silent movie fans, but that's how I felt. Director Epstein is doing fine, lots of people are struggling with the painting at La Chute de la Maison Usher, and I will freely admit that it's definitely a moment, but I thought they were a little and far away. The pictures of people who move and do not really hear what they say seemed strange to me, I did not like the music and the version I saw kept the original original French language cards that the guy told the worst sounding thick French accent that was also off-putting. Based on the story of Edgar Allen Poe, I doubt that, unlike one or two basic elements, it resembles a lot like staying at the fantastic Roger Corman's Usher House, where Vincent Price plays. Technically, the film was okay with regard to when it was made. You just can not learn about acting like no one ever talks about, even if the movie is full of unnatural excited moves to try and suggest emotions or to reflect what's going on, which works to some extent but after a while it just looks a little horrible. La Chute de la Maison Usher will appeal to those who yearn for the past era who live in caves or who have been stuck in the past, for me I like movies that have a story, "I am sorry if this the last statement sounded like an uneducated idiot, but that's how I feel. The world has moved since 1928 and for the better.
