Jean Seberg did not even have one acting talent. Like all of her films, "Bonjour tristesse" does not seem to look at her (although she is perhaps the first of those modern women that Tom Wolfe describes joyfully as "boys with breasts": publicists obviously use the word "gamine") but suffer patiently by the fact that Seberg's boring, monotonous, killing voice. In all of his films, when he had to play anger, Seberg played a roughly audible, distracting and exhausting feeling among her monotonous little verbalization. Oy. François Sagan's preminger breath adaptation is a breathtaking young, fantastic soap scene that is remarkable for his fresh cinematography - but then it's a heavy funk on the photogenic French Riviera and perhaps for his apt but certainly not a breakthrough, black and white job for contemporary scenes, of which Seber's monotonous narrative brings us to the vibrant past. <br /> <br /> Juliette Greco has a short moment, like a chanteuse night club in black and white reflector light, which eagerly dieterichese voice brings a grim existentialist lyrics of the title song. This moment is now more than a little drunk in retrospect. Of course, if you are French - especially if you are a French "68-year-old" longing for the famous days of the Baroque around the Sorbonne - and your children recapture to keep life-long sinecures that have destroyed and emasculated France economy: then you still believe in Sartre and Foucault and all such mysterious, irrelevant theorists. David Niven's most difficult role, he had to play with the good taste of an aging hedonist who still understood, Everything about Sagan's teenybopper hip hop ideas, cool, swingin ', "mon copain!" Daddy. Deborah Kerr brings his usual, thoroughly professional presence and convincingly plays the woman who is unfulfilled suffering from the pitiful jealousy of Seber, which is full of Sagan's teen fantasies about the classical theme of "the hive being only one queen of a bee"); in fact Kerr belongs to this one great and unforgettable moment on the screen. Dialogue is unnatural - I agree with an older reviewer who says it sounds "poorly translated" from French; combine unnatural scripting with Sebergem in an incomprehensibly boring, intolerable monotone, and you can save that Valium for the next night. On the other hand, the undoubtedly synchronized post-production voice dubbing is almost obvious and is therefore much more than unpleasant: this is particularly true for Mylène Demongeot's dabing because it spoils her otherwise very nice silly blonde performance. <br /> <Hunky Geoffrey Horne gets the short end of the wand here - a very good young man who also suffered less than a beautiful, heartless voice that, when pairing with Seber's dron, brings unconvincing scenes of puppy love. (Horne was, in my opinion, simply adequate in "Bridge on the Kwai River", perhaps because his ends were held by the great movie pros by William Holden and Jack Hawkins, instead of being unsupported by ungifted Sebergem. > Summary 'Bonjour tristesse' is nice to look at, but it's a shallow, immature soap: thin slurry with foam.
