Obviously, people who have made "Dead at the Box Office" love B-film horror. The distinct references to the genre are quite blurry, the action figures (the authority that does not believe the monstrous invasion is actually going on) to Kevin Smith's style, to reappear the last moments of Duane Jones from "Night of the Dead," but twice. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately it's more than love to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The choice of performances and shots is infallible and non-imaginative. While it is a common challenge at a film school to avoid "Mastershot Theater," telling the story entirely in a wide master shot, we find a strip here, because in several sequences it is difficult to find spatial relationships between characters, as narrated by a series of medium-sized footage without the basic footage they connect them together. Edits are rough and basic and occasionally there are unmotivated cuts. The lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, which makes the scenes in the dark theater difficult to sense (was the lighting, or was the shot available only with the available light?). Some shots are out of focus. Dialogue is trut and the performance is largely one note (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and a screen like Curtis, and the player playing projectics has some nice dickish line reading, Michael Allen Williams as a theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick as an enthusiastic film geek Eric has some nice moments). The assumption is stupid, even for horror (it's also bad that Dr. Eisner did not realize the Paperclip project - he could save a lot of trouble!). "Zombies" are not threatening and their make-up is not convincing (though the zombies left trying to get gumball out of the machine raising a smile). For zombie fans, there is very little blood or violence, although what is, is processed quite well. Occasional music that is stylishly uneven is sometimes pleasant and some effects are good. The "Time Warp" parody was fun to listen to, although the pictures that led to it were less fun. Unfortunately, the dialogue with the loop sounded. Was this picture unsynchronized (dubious, looks like video over and over)? I watched Troma Films' special performance Lloyd Kaufman in front of the main feature - although it basically consisted of Kaufman joining his own affairs and admitting that he had not seen the movie while someone prevented the Toxie mask, his production and entertainment values ​​were higher than "Dead. .. "(regardless of who put the DVD together - the countdown to the movie leader beeps only on the flashing frame 2, not on each number plus the next number). It seems that vampire moviegoers are seen as soon as they see "Dead ..." seemed much more fun than this. Recommendations to avoid if you know someone who is involved in the production or you are excited about Lloyd Kaufman completist (playing "Kaufman the Minion" in the movie inside the movie). (Full disclosure: My girlfriend is in this movie extra, I swear that my coloring has not blurred.)
