Responding to previous remarks by residents of the region in which this film was shot: One person suggested that the closure and destruction of the Ocean View theme park led to a decline in surrounding districts. It's just not true. Prior to the construction of Interstate 64, which runs through the ocean view area, the main road for transportation has gone through the heart of Ocean View. Once the state of the art was completed, Ocean View quickly became the city of spirits where businesses are closed and crime is increasing. This has led to a huge reduction in income for the park, which also faced new competition from nearby Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Meanwhile, the city of Norfolk has done remarkable work in the area of ​​redevelopment in recent years to make this area a sought-after place to build top-class housing. <br /> <br /> It was said that the destruction of the roller coaster was used in the film Rollercoaster. That's also untrue. The shots were shot from two cars that traveled along the track, but actual explosions and collapses are exclusive to "Death of Ocean View Park". As for the movie itself, the story of the movie "supernatural" power in the water adjacent to the park was certainly stupid, but somewhat typical of Class B movies at the time. With casting acting, it should not be surprising that the scenery in the early actors concealed almost all the scenes. I do not believe that this film should be another citizen of Kane; I believe Playboy has been experimenting with a new non-naked format to see if this is an area in which the company can expand (apparently not!). The special power in the water that caused strange events in the old amusement park probably sounded good on the conference table, but it turned out to be unfeasible. The mountain track and the rest of the park were destined for a devastating ball; "We come in a strange way to justify the explosion!" For an occasional viewer, it would be "see once and forget it" (except Diana Cana's fans); but for the thousands of people who live in this region and have beautiful memories of the park, this movie is like a "stroll through the landmark" for footage of the park, as well as old footage from the center of Norfolk, the first "Harborfest" and the University of Old Dominion. Even a limited edition of this movie on DVD would be welcome.
