An innocent man (Steve Guttenberg) has one night stand with his boss's wife (Isabelle Huppert). He will see a woman (Elizabeth McGovern) attacked but she can not call the cops because she would marry Gutenberg's boss (Paul Shenar). So Guttenberg, an honorable citizen who finds that another woman has been attacked and killed only half an hour later, is coming forward and claims to have witnessed the first attack that wanted to pass on the information that Huppert gave him. Well - never make false testimony against your neighbor, as they say. This simple attempt to help the police kill the murderer turns swiftly. When she meets the first victim, McGovern, she immediately hits what has happened, but she agrees that she is silent for a moment. But then Guttenberg finds himself in court, he should identify a heavy (Greenquist) and find out through a cross test that he is DANGEROUS and can not identify objects remotely, let alone faces. (Not that it depends on the fact that, after all, he never saw the dotting in the first place.) The plot is practically labyrinthical. Guttenberg closes the main suspect when Huppert is murdered. Hardly escapes arrests and holes with now sympathetic McGovern. Guttenberg and McGovern climbed the murderer's plan. It will serve as a bait. They will be followed by a creepy creep into one of his frightening creeps, and McGovern will act as a doxy that the killer is attracted to just trying to kill him. But everything will be all right because not only will Guttenberg watch her closely and not only warn the police a few minutes after she enters this diving but she will keep the can of skill - just the case. <br /> <br /> I'm asking you, a warning browser, to develop this scenario as planned? Elizabeth McGovern has an extremely interesting bone structure. It seems to be a sometimes ubiquitous and tiny mouth, but it is alive. Steve Guttenberg has hair on his head and that's it. Otherwise he is powerless as the character he is playing. If Isabelle Huppert can act, it's not obvious in this movie. The killer is so shaped and so altered that he looks like he's wearing one of those masks of deformity in that episode of Twilight Zone about greedy heirs. Did not Director Curtis Hanson say "LA Confidential"? It was a nice job. Here it seems that everything is clumsy and conceived, up to small parts. Immediately before the inevitable violent culmination, a uniformed police officer who has resigned to McGovern's rescue and the scene is embarrassing to follow is being introduced. Dick Olsen has a little like a late customer. He's a pure guy and always reliable. Paul Shenar as a brown mushroom has a stunning face that seems to be going on stage and doing a great job. Such a meadow, where McGovern attracts the killer's attention, playing a pool with a pair of hairy monkeys, was shot at a bar in the Carolina beach in North Carolina, near where I lived. As the interior is set, it is clear that it would be dangerous and dirty dives. In fact, the screen appears to be more elegant than it actually is. <br /> <br /> Overall, it is Hitchcock's territory and brings tears to his eyes to imagine what he would do with this story.
