The bizarre work of Tobe Hooper about an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) with the ability to light people. This ability comes from parents who participated in atomic experiments in the 1950s. They die of spontaneous burning of a man and it seems that what Sam is about to suffer from these tablets is his girlfriend, Lisa (Cynthia Bain) gives him to take for gross migraines. In fact, Lisa was tasked with manipulating Sam to take the pills of Lew Orlander (William Prince), the very young father who raised him from the baby. Lew has charitable plans ... he sees Sam as the first "atomic man", a clean machine of killing in human form. Sam did not want to do anything and do whatever it takes to keep silent those who are responsible for his condition. As the film takes place, Sam's blood slowly grows toxic, green instead of red. Water and other substances that often cause fire seem to react quite the opposite when Sam's unmanageable flame explosions ignite. Come discover that Lisa has Sam's status, whose parents are also dying from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Cypher), someone whom Sam has long known to be his doctor, is to put a toxic green liquid in his bodies, I guess he will increase their flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon, a spirited sporting accent) was a friend and collaborator of Sam's parents in experiments in the 1950s who were trying to talk to him about what was going on. And Rachel (Dey Young) is Sam's ex-wife who can work against her former husband, Lew and Mars, to hurt him and Lisa. Lots of strange little horror film, filled with some pretty terrible effects of the flame. Dourif tries to bring the tragic element and intensity of his personality, whose difficult situation continues to follow us, because his body slowly becomes toxic waste and fire often ignites from its openings. There's a big hole in his arms that burns the flame like a volcano and a massive burned-out spot on his hands that increases over time. The best scene is probably when director John Landis, who portrays a rough electrotechnical engineer who tries to inform Sam, hangs up because the radio program he calls will become a SHC victim. Flick never works because it is so wildly uneven with a sudden, ridiculous final when Sam offers Lisa's freedom from his fire by taking her away.
