The title itself (together with the poster) is enough to make "The Projected Man" a clear reflection of "The Fly". And Bryant Haliday, even though you think it's much better than a typical IMDb review, there's no one in the idea of ​​an acceptable stand-in for Vincent Price. Though you think who it is if Micheal Gough was not available? Still, if you're in the mood to watch British science-fiction film "Hammer" about a teleportation experiment that was terribly bad ... well, you still would like to give "The Projected Man" a passage and pile in the "remaining" basket at local Wal -Mart for the next film with a teleport accident. Because this is not all good. <br /> <br /> Haliday captured plenty of good natural ribbing from the MST3K crew for his role in this movie and in the "Devil Doll", but it is actually the best thing in the TPM. Maybe he can not shoot a movie, but practically has no help from the script. The script bounces up any moment of conspiracy, immortality about finance and university politics, and a guy called Lembach, and some ominous Kabbalah who wants the teleporter machine to fail to steal their secrets ... or something. So all the dramatic sequences in the first half of the movie include either phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. After the wrong Haliday is destroyed by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the film with a napkin over half his face and rubber cement for the rest while electrocuting the various London people who are on their way. Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts using bullhorns could not do this scenario. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, all the other actors have worked hard to inject life and interest in their roles for this little project, but the script just swallows their efforts all the time. The corrupt manager of the project scatters and rags on his phone, without noticing that he looks like a werewolf dressed in a tweed suit and Tattersall vest. Haliday's research assistant and former girlfriends have the least convincing romance in the history of British horror cinema. His secretary is forced to go into her "smalls". None of them actually work or do not work in a real movie. And it all just stops the dead and lets the viewer go: "Eh? Excuse me, should not there be an end?" <br /> <br /> But despite all his problems, I can simply name a dozen horror films of the same season that were just as bad or worse as anyone else could watch movies (or who ever viewed IMDb "Bottom 100" ). I would not actually have to pay for my own "Projected Man," but if it was included in some compilation along with twelve other DVD movies, I might feel right. It's a harmless diversion, perfect for the horror movie film festival to watch with friends, while on Saturday night he used a lot of beers and snacks.
