Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and her alleged new adventure after moving to Los Angeles for business purposes (football player David David is now Galaxy LA player after his move from Real Madrid) will initially be a full-length series, but shortly shortened to one hour or so . But even in this form it is still quite infinite. Like virtually all reality TV shows, most of the incident appears to be obviously fake, and the program even admits that Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress. From Betty's noble point of view, we hear some hesitantly written and demonstrated doubts (with a clear joke about Beck's obvious behavior with the previous and rather more charming PA Rebecca Loos, although her name is not mentioned), with other sequences involving a fake exploding doll that would cheat paparazzi and hopeless attempts to place baseball. It might be more fun if everyone recognized that it was a piece of fluff and had some act of ress or impersonator in the lead role. Talented Impressionist Ronni Ancona would be perfect and Posh is better than Posh himself, and if this wiser decision were taken, much more fun and enjoyment would follow. we remain the real thing (Mrs. Ancona may have rejected the script as too weak) and although there are special attempts at self-elaboration and irony, she never fails because of the previous information on La Beckham's rich wealth and her inability to provide pitiful jokes even though Mrs Beckham, despite intentions to send her picture, she finds herself as a shallow egoist, and her weak single lines do not convince us she has any funny self-confidence. I suspect that if a more realistic film approach is taken, a posh that walks down a street in LA and is totally ignored (instead of the terrible scenes with mild hysteria that are mentioned here) to make unnoticed jibes about the previously mentioned Miss Loos it would make a little better television, but it would be sycophantic PR material, bony itself would never allow such events to happen. He said the later scene, where she performed at the baseball stadium, where she was impartially present before an impartial crowd, that it would be a tough time if she wanted to make great success in Hollywood. His colleague Scary Spice (aka Mel Brown) also found it impossible (Spice Girls) was, of course, a massive successful bubblegum pop band in the mid-1990s. in their native Britain, but still popular in other countries, including the United States. They were surely a good hindrance at the top of the glory (1997), when the Great Britain seemed to have appeared in the UK with a glorious period of optimism with Cool Britannia and a new Labor government that looks like The Spice Girls to sum up better than others, was somewhat made. But they have never been outstanding musical or vocal talents, and British optimism seems to have disappeared later this year (the starting point probably was the tragic death of Princess Diana) as well as the spice itself. Their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious, and if everyone moved quietly from the public eye permanently dignified to enjoy their wealth, then we would have all the pleasant memories encrypted on our mind without any guilt. Unfortunately, the emerging enormous 'celebrities' culture in the UK towards the beginning of the millennium has made these ideas pay and we have all suffered thousands, if not millions of stories about Poch's worst perpetrator, with the remaining colleagues not too far away. It has recently been announced that we will soon meet a tournament that is disturbing because they have never gone, and they certainly do not require any additions to their troublesome bank accounts. Maybe it's because two of them are struggling with their free mothers? Maybe it's soon time for the Becks adventures on another document, I can hardly wait ............. <br /> <br /> Rating: 2 out of 10.
