I have a tendency to love everything that was right by late Naschny Paul (R.I.P.). While not all of the films that play in Naschy are great, they all have a specific charm that is nowhere in place but in Naschyflicks and they are always fun. There is no rule without exception, however, like "El Mariscal Del Infierno" aka. "The Devil's Possessed" (1974) proves. While the film has a specific Nasch-flick-spell spell, unfortunately it is too stretched and really gets really boring. The stars come as the evil of Baron Gilles de Lancré, who oppresses people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. When Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston), who fought against Gilles de Lancré against the British, learns about Baron's bad behavior, he decides to turn against his former comrade and help people free themselves from Satan Baron's tyranny ... Director León Klimovský, who is best known for the direction of Nascha in "La Noche de Walpurgis" ("Werewolf against a vampire's wife", 1971), was shot by Naschy himself. Naschsa has often written his own films, and it has to be said that he usually did a better and original job than he did in the case. "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is mostly built as a historical adventure rather than a Horror film, and it is all boring. It often recalls sword and sandal films from the 1950s, but this film is in the Middle Ages. The Satanic part was probably added only because the name of Paul Naschy is associated with Horror. The film has its good parts: Paul Naschy gives strange speeches, Paul Naschy looks weird, Paul Naschy is doing Satanic stuff, Paul Naschy tortures innocent victims, etc. But unfortunately most of the film focuses on boring heroes and goodies and these moments are boring. Female cast members are nice to look at, but unlike most Naschy movies, this is not pure and nudity. There is a gore, but it looks mostly clumsy and it's not as fun to see as it is with most other Nasch films. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is worth just looking at your colleagues Naschas enthusiast. There are dozens of movies starring the Spanish horror deity that should be seen before, such as "El Jantobado De La Morgue" (1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" 1973), "El Espanto surge de la Tumba" (1973) ), "Latidos de Panico" (1983), "Rojo Sangre" (2004), "Waldemar Daninsky". R.I.P. Paul Naschy. Legends do not die!
