It is quite clear that the director and the crew set out to paint less than the flattering picture of the Palestinian girl and her family. The movie and its website will try to indicate that Ayat has a secret reason why she and Rachel will throw themselves - a problem with a friend - maybe a pregnancy. The fact is that Ayat has just witnessed the death of a close friend in the hands of the Israelis - just behind the house. God, why would a young, pretty, intelligent girl with college plans go on the ground? Could it be that a hormonal, emotional teenager was traumatized by seeing someone he loved before his eyes? This detail counts for 5 seconds in the movie. Another neatly omitted detail is that Avigail Levy, mother of Rachels, could have prevented the destruction of the Akhras family (together with 22 other families). One has the obvious impression that it offers it as a "concession" - Mrs. Akhras should agree with her. "Why should I?" (because the film was destroyed - apparently the conversation did not lead to what she wanted - so did the bulldozers) Mrs. Levy claimed that "she wanted the film to be cataract, as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to overcome rooted hatred," instead of using it as an excuse, to talk to Ayat's mother while the house hangs like a carrot. Moreover, while both women live just 4 miles apart, she is so out of touch with the reality of her Palestinian neighbors' occupation that she really thinks that Mrs. Akhras can only drop a cup of coffee? Please. And she gives up one chance that she has to personally meet Mrs. Akhras and find out what kind of life (the Akras family originally came from Jaffa, but now she lives in a refugee camp only 4 miles from where Levys lives in comparable luxury. All the sympathy that I would think it would of course be good for Mrs. Levy to dissolve her air of self-righteous bitchiness. By contrast, Ayats's mother is equally kind, straightforward and loving - despite the fact that the post-production crew has made every effort to make her and her family paint as monsters, even the musical and sound design was unilateral - I think muezzin sings all day every day 4 miles from the Levy family, always in the sharp contraption key from playful neonatal music that records this unrivaled justification for the document. There is also a small matter of translations - Ms. Levy DIRECTLY INTERESTING ru in English when she has something that was said before, Hebrew, if not.Ms Akhras spoke only Arabic, who sometimes received a translation, sometimes TRANSLITERATION, always clumsy and very suspicious of the allegedly objective film. They are also "sweat" under the light while Mrs. Levy sat in (air-conditioned) comfort. editing for Mrs. Akhras' segments. I gave her 2 because I liked Ayat's mother and fathers who looked decent people. Damn HBO, producers and director, for making such a stinking bomb.
