When I first jumped out with my Happy Birthday for the first time, I checked the timer to see how long the movie was. I was amazed for a long time. Both animated and horror movies share a common ground: the attention of the selected audience, and it should be about 90 minutes. Even more and you lose most audiences. <br /> <br /> This 110-minute or 20-minute deadline has been a big problem for me. I would like to say that half of this movie could be edited, but I would be too generous to say it. Go ahead and watch and tell me how many scenes you could edit without being the main movies. Regardless of the visit that was crossed, the film was below average. All his time spent trying to be this huge mystery, on which "elite 10" kills the remaining friends. They usually do not only overcome but enlarge their faces and they basically say, "It's the guy! No, you'll spend more time putting the camera on you than really looking forward to the movie." "And do not start me playing." <br /> < Okay, I started to laugh, trying to remember if Melissa Sue Anderson played a character blinded at the Little House in Prairia (later, the research showed that my suspicion was correct) because the whole (Bregman) was pretty damn bad, but she took a cake, the film starts with a group of ten friends, and she's got to be the best of the band. and one is instantly slaughtered off, as soon as someone thinks twice from this "dear" friend disappears and continues their merry journey, there is a slow and more rapid discovery of Virginia (Anders he, the main character, the past, and her psychologist, who is a bit more personal (and apparently apparent) than most of them are shrinking. There are more and more deaths all the time. What is funny, as is the first "disappearance", the more "best buds" disappear, the less it is care. Sure, they give a few seconds of air time saying "Wow, (the person) just would not run" etc., But then they are back to their sexual ways. And I'm talking about it, probably because of a horrific scenario, or maybe I lost interest in the 30th minute but it was really hard to keep up with who liked who in this group because they all looked like sexual partners next or someone would be scared to MAX others and best friends of the next scene. Do you see: a haunted man holding a mouse / rat in his pocket? verbatim? and was the most obvious suspect. I give the film the power of credit (and time), but how it became part of the "elite 10" that I will never know. But I turn, there's a secret. Why are these children the target? Why does Virginia believe that someone has killed, when it has never been proven (to the end) that some of them were actually killed? And why would the trailer and the poster be considered "the six of the most bizarre murders you've ever seen?" Damn, even for 1981, most of them were shown in one of the first two friday of the 13th films? randomly enough, Friday, Volume 13 was released 2 weeks to Happy Birthday to Me. Maybe, they talk about when they shot it a month ago, but they were late on, well, a party. When "secrets" are revealed, believe me, you will have to roll back 3 -4 times to really get laughs and disjointed motives, and even if you put subtitles to get all mumble victim / killer words. Even if you get the first time, it's an incredibly outrageous and cheerful final. It's almost worth watching the whole movie again, but as a drinking game. <br /> <br /> This birthday party should be ruled out. Is this the horrible and illogical first script? please know that this requires a number of transcripts before the role of the camera, it contains both under-action and extreme gaming, and it's 100% unrealistic about how people respond in extraordinary circumstances. <br /> <br /> Side note: When I was a kid or say 10-11 years, I loved horror films. (They're still doing it, weird, definitely the pleasure of wine, but it's getting harder and harder for years to come.) We've got our first video recorder and made so many horror films from the television network (EDITED VERSIONS). Everything I remember on Happy Birthday to Me gets the last 10 minutes on a tape that scared me to death? and apparently released a big secret about who was the killer. Although I've seen other clips of this movie, I think this is the first feature-length review I've ever had. Fortunately, this terrible movie did not hurt me like a child. I'm older now, and I can take that waste. But never again. <br /> <br /> Side note 2: This means that the crazy song "Happy Birthday to Me", which played in the final credit (and as a result all over), still makes me terrible. I think this movie (or the last few minutes) has affected my childhood. Damn you, Melissa Sue Anderson!
