Welcome to our city, welcome to your city? As soon as we introduced ourselves in the worlds of our 1901 American mercenaries, this three game game is opened in front of us with "The Stage Manager," the visual narrator if you like. After introductory introductions, we are headed into the homes of two specific families; Webb and Gibb. This is definitely Central America at the turn of the century and the progressive way of life of the American Dream and its saccharine subtext, which may seem like a city of some sort in this dream. Here we see the everyday life of some of his 2642 Grover Horns in New Hampshire, although there are also migrant Polish workers who add another 500, is a number, they never appeared. > <br /> Once these families are brought to life; the children fall in love and clean spicy fences painted with white, the second act begins three years later, after a young George (young and unrecognizable William Holden, then at the age of 22), and Emily falls in love and wishes to marry. Flowering turtledoves that have come to the stars and also have broken in their own lives, from the nests that lived and now, into the anxieties and fears of young adulthood, nervously step in. The third act is somewhat more sour and anticipated, it is in this act that the film's intentions become obvious, here we do not see life, not celebration, but death, and that is in this situation that the dead, how they return again and again our own past, are here to remind us to tell us that life and every last minute every precious breath should not be wasted unnecessarily. the film's own political attitude seems to be more obvious, to feel more like a propaganda piece on the moral lecture on Central America and on how it should drive its home and how it should also be fine. It is not just about "our" city, it is a moral diction aimed at "our" souls and how America can better itself if its peoples "(except Poles, Irish, Indian and liberated ethnic minorities, and minorities" in general, plus the supporting backbone of American Americans who have not yet been in this narrative), such as middle classes, can meet the expectations of the American dream through honest and dignified life. Suppliers of the American Dream only with a special invitation. <br /> <br /> I also enjoyed this movie a bit, but I felt that his narrative had a stronger impact than anything else that played on it, even if it was fine playing, music score or how well or not . The films were meant to exclude other groups and include a good film in Webb's and Gibb's future, emerging US countries, but also a slightly biased attitude, I thought. <br /> <br /> Taken from the American-born Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), this Pulitzer Prize and six Academy Award nominated films were the focal point of eternal life and its three main attributes; Life, love and death, playing celluloid games comes just like the right interpretation of social consciousness. Our city starts with what seems to be a lesson as a lesson, just like other cities, nothing exciting here at all, if anything, this city has only "the right kind of people", you can still leave the unlocked back door to see the evolving life of these two families, but their moral and social attitude is more important than they themselves. Our city can be simply "any city" only if you came from the right side of the city.
