"Fever Pitch" is not a bad movie; it's a terrible movie. Is it possible that American film audiences and critics are so poisoned and lobotomized by excitement that Hollywood rushes to praise the sky even the average film is barely laughing? That's the only reason why I can understand why this awful romantic comedy (and I use this term loosely because there's nothing ridiculous in this movie) gets good reviews. I was amazed by this film that the screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel would think for a moment that their screenplay was fun. Brilliant Nick Hornby usually translates well into the movie. He edited "Fever Pitch" for British film, played in 1997 by Colin Firth and Ruth Gemmell. Peter Hedges found Hornby's voice for "About a Boy" (2002) and when "High Fidelity" was Americanized for the film in 2000, the writers D.V. DeVincentis, Steve Pink, John Cusack, and Scott Rosenberg failed because they kept the essence of Hornby's humor and humor. They made one of the best films of the year. <br /> <br /> So why was the American version of "Fever Pitch" so badly messed up? The British version was not a masterpiece, but it was charming, fun, unexpected, and gave us two characters that we could want, respect and understand. But Ganz and Mandel cut out all the fun in Hornby's work. In the americanisation of the story, they killed him, eliminating everything that was good and unique about Hornby's work and replacing him with conventional dishes. They have transformed the entertaining story into a romantic comedy that has never been as soon as it is interwoven with a poor formula. Lindsey (Drew Barrymore) has three girlfriends, each with a distinct role. One is overweight, the other is cynical and ambitious, and the third is romantic. Do you want to know how many male friends Ben (Jimmy Fallon) has? What caused "high fidelity", such entertainment was not only a good man and a lady, but it was supportive. In this "Fever Pitch", six supporting friends do or say nothing special fun. They are so insignificant, they are not decorative. The only reason they are in the movie is that the formula requires it. Poor Ione Skye breaks down as one of Lindsey's friends in an ungrateful role. Beautiful Skye might have liked Lloyd Dobler to take off and take her away. Think about Cusack doing a great Ben. Of course, Cusack is too clever to join such a boring script. In this film, there is no single, lonely moment that seems original or unforgettable. Each turn of plot is predictable, every false prank telegraphes. Ganz and Mandel laugh. The first 45 minutes is so incredibly slow, you wonder if these guys realized they were writing a comedy. You can mark the plot in this movie by clock. It's almost as if Ganz and Mandel had written it with some wording written on the wall. When they reached a certain page, they looked up at the wording and said, "Okay, the guru says it has to happen now." And directors Bobby and Peter Farrell do not help film. They have no idea how to portray their story and characters (they pass on the reputation of V.O. not to the protagonist, but to the other person who sits behind Ben in Fenway Park). Thanks to some extremely clumsy writing, we must see that Barrymore and Fallon encounter their inappropriate initial encounters. Barrymore makes cute and adorable better than most. She's as good as Goldie Hawn in her bloom. But her cuteness can not save this extremely horrible movie. They are trying to break down energy and humor from this story. About 30 minutes into the movie Lindsey tells Ben: "You're funny." The only explanation for her remark is that it was in the script. Because Fallon's Ben never says anything remotely fun. Fallon is neither fun nor entertaining; when he makes a comedy, he overcomes. <br /> <br /> Fallon was never good at Saturday Night Live. He was perhaps the least funny guy on this show. Do not forget that lame schema about the radio DJ who made all the voices? The only reason why the "weekend update" worked from time to time was because Fallon's cohort, Tina Fey, knows something about comedy. <br /> <br /> Those who think they are entertaining and behave so rarely are really funny. That's true about Fallon. He thinks he's hysterically funny when he barely gets a taste. His stuttering, the uncertain lock did not work on the small screen; it's more crazy on the big screen. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Fallon, his role in this film also requires several dramatic moments. If you thought his comedy was bad, wait until you get to his dramatic things. In particular, two scenes - the first in the park, the second before Ben's school - are painful to watch. Scenes require actors with a smidgen of dramatic ability, but Fallon has neither the knowledge nor the ability to do them. Its range of emotions does not even run from A to B. <br /> <br /> Ben has no personality or depth. Often he meets as famous. And that's not nice. It disturbs what Lindsey finds attractive. Compare Fallon's performance with Firth in the British version and understand how terribly flat, unhappy and forced Fallon Ben is and how bad he is for this role. Fallon's observation in "Fever pitch" makes one long for the dramatic depth and comic nuances of Ashton Kutcher! "Just as" high fidelity "did, Americanized" Fever Pitch "could brilliantly work, requiring only better writers, more competent directors, and a much stronger, more fun, smarter leader. from 1997 and read Hornby's book.
