I caught Time Changer because it looked like a nice, low-budget scifi magazine, and I was in the mood for something like that. The description said it had something to do with biblical things and traveling over time, but I did not expect a fundamentalist Christian film! The film had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone through and was much more interesting than it was over. Our hero, who is a biblical professor from the nineties, eventually travels to 2000 and finds that modern life is filled with the effects of evil - Jesus is nowhere to be found. This fabulous technological performance is carried out with the help of a biblical teacher who has managed to devise a functional HG-Wells time machine. The film is beginning to lose credibility at the moment, which is unfortunate because it happened very early in the movie. Earlier (or perhaps later on, I certainly do not remember) our hero teacher was seen as it appears to be a scientific class where he claimed that scientific knowledge could only be validated if it could correspond to what he says Bible. What should be obvious to everyone is that this is clearly not what the scientific method is, but is presented in such a way that filmmakers seem to prefer the view that science is useful only if it supports their claims and is otherwise not useful. <br /> <br /> In any case, this belief is completely valid and reasonable in the context of the character at that time. So if we accept this as the reality of the life of these Bible professors, then obviously the professor who went and invented the time machine is not a very strong believer, because I do not think there is evidence (and no one was offered to them) Physics of the time-travel in bible. So there is a problem with a mixed message and credibility right there, but it does not matter ... After the professor is convinced he will take the leap into the future, the shock of modern technology has been pretty well solved in most cases. It was fun too that it was not attributed to the exact year (since the character reads a newspaper date for himself, the car chases the corner and scares him to not finish the date: it's just two thousand and ... * honk *). However, some shocks lasted too long. For example, the car was one of the first things he met when he came and about two days later he was invited to the church night and took the van. Because of the certainty of certainty of the Spiritium, the luxury counts, the data ouniwards, some of the Fig. Functions Figtir on Photograph code: Operation. In any case, it's easy to ignore. The rest of the technical shock was well done - especially his first encounter with a television that was delayed because he did not even realize what it was until he saw the child watching one and using the remote control. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero predictably begins to preach to virtually everyone he meets as if he was the authority of all life and religion just because he is from the past and is older. Eventually, a short moment came to the reflectors at the church he visited, where he explained the concept of Christianity in a long monologue that was supposed to be moving and indeed, but it was mostly just the same. A couple of couples in the church begin to have a sad feeling about this man (go to the number) and investigate his name. In the end, they conclude that he is either a traveler in time, or he claims to be a long dead teaching Bible and decides to find out what it is. The film considers these boys to be unbelievers bad for being skeptical. Just before the professor returns to his time, he is confronted with these two men. In an effort to prevent him from being arrested or taken away, he eventually comes to an almost mad morning about how Jesus will come soon and that he is a prophet to obey him. Just in time, he threw them away, and one of the spouses is wondering if this may be the exultation he has heard so much about. The irony is that it basically means that the professor has become the self-proclaimed and most probably the untruthful) prophet who claimed to know the resurrection was close and was sent to God when he was truthfully sent by his colleague to a biblical professor and had no divine knowledge was mentioned or even indicated). <br /> <br /> As I understand it, Revelation claims that the end time is just for God to know and at the end of the film we see that the inventor's professor is trying (and unable) to send the Bible into the future. First 2080, then 2070, etc., How the scene disappears. Obviously, he is trying to find the exact time of the end of the season - which he should not be able to know! In essence, the whole premise of the film itself will be abolished, because by being so urgent on its religious beliefs and how certain things are for God to know only it means that it could never have been the time machine in the first place because then humanity find out what God ought to know! The whole idea of ​​the film collapses and the whole thing is basically worthless as it undermines its own credibility.
