When Marlene Dietrich was identified as a box poison in 1938, one of a handful of actresses who were named business documents were films like the Garden of Allah. What movie could be so amazing to look and be so clumsily boring is behind me. Also, as Marlene, if she tried to expand her assortment and did not play a sexpot that was stuck with such an old-fashioned story, she's behind me. The Garden of Allah, one of the first films in modern technology, was a novel set at the turn of the century by Robert Hitchens, who then worked on an adaptation of the play with Mary Anderson, which took place during 241 performances in 1911-12. Then she received two adaptations on the silent screens. The story is about a monk who escaped from a monastery in Tunisia, France, to see some of what he had missed in the world. She goes to a similarly protected woman who was free and spent her first years of care for a sick parent. He will now be in the desert and the two will meet on the train. The woman, of course, is Marlene, and Charles Boyer is the fugitive monk. I'm not sure what's in David O. Selznick's mind when shooting this story. Someone, like Ingrid Bergman, would make it delicious for guests. But you can bet that the 1936 movie audience when you filled your money for a ticket that expected Marlene to be like a modern Salome rather than a saint with that name. The public still remembers Rudolph Valentin, and you can bet that it was some desert romance and seduction they expected. As for the monks, we must remember that there are self-help in their monasteries, and this special one bottle of special wine, from which Boyer becomes a mystery. The monastery will have to rethink its economy if Boyer leaves. Monks are a frankly pious group, but they have the right to have a little interest in their own interest from the main man Charles Waldron. In any case, there are many religious phrases here spoken of by two drivers that are not really suitable for components. Especially Marlene Dietrich. I would like to watch this film with a look at special color desert cinematography and forget about the plot.
