After watching the movie I was really shocked when I saw such a high rating on IMDb. <br /> <br /> "Fantastic Mr. Fox" is an adaptation of beloved classics for children that describes the story of a smooth and smooth protagonist Mr. Fox (or "Foxy") when he tries to steal one "last" robber from the dreaded Boggins , Bunce and Bean. That's true, one short, one bold, one slim, or it's going. <br /> <br /> I do not know where to start with my criticism. <br /> <br /> Well, in the late teens I've never been a fan of Roald Dahl, but I like his material so well that I've read several of his books as a child and he has seen Matilda, Charlie and the chocolate factory over and over again . But this movie fights for the audience. Is it aimed at children? Adults? I'm still sure! Many of the "jokes" should have a child, especially because Mr Fox visits a lawyer, for example, or complains that he is poor. It is also expected that the audience (I suppose) of children will be matched with a character that steals and kills chickens. I'm on the whole food chain, but you'll practically see Mr. Fox, who is biting on their neck! Is it a bit too much? And the conspiracy ... well, it's boring. I only stayed with the hope that things were improving, but instead I was increasingly upset by Mr. Fox and his son Asho for making a stupid decision. Humor is falling apart in the meantime. I laughed only once or twice, even though I specifically recognized attempts at jokes. I think part of this is that voice acting is so incredibly flat and monotonous. Voice actors do not have a sense of comic timing, instead they focus on the softness of humor that works only with certain media. George Clooney aims to introduce Mr. Fox as charming and elegant, but his voice has no character. Meryl Streep shows no emotion, nor did I realize that Bill Murray had a role until the end of the loan, and Ash, twelve years old in lichens, sounds like about 30. I'm sorry for animation, especially to stop the movement, but the visual style actually makes me a bit slipped out. The figures are high, spindle and without any design. They move very slightly and often the animation is bizarre and strange. There is also a distinct "mixed middle" feeling because 2D components are added sporadically and unsuccessfully. The characters look directly at the camera and speak; it was very unpleasant. One or two moments when Kylie looked directly at the camera did not move and turned to her eyebrows. In fact, I was terrified. Fantastic Mr. Fox had so much potential. A lot of people still like - check out the reviews. Perhaps it was not for me.
