Do you know all those letters sent annually "Father Christmas" and "Jesus"? Well, it turned out they were not actually delivered, but they dropped into the half-forgotten corner of the post office to rush unless a clear spark had earmarked a way to send them. As a bizarre set-up they are the winner and the one who fits perfectly into a strange movie, the Dead Letter Office. As he said, it is apparently an Australian film, unlike the British film. If it were Royal Mail, most of the letters are treated like this. I have not been in this apartment for two years, and we are still getting letters for Mr Wang, a last-day female church woman I have never done, and various catalogs for industrial facilities addressed ("the name given to the place where the undelivered mail ends" follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), who grows up in a seriously divided home. Writing with her absent father in adulthood learns that her letters have not been served for one reason or another. So, logically, she gets a job at D.L.O. and finds out that he works alongside other social rejections, including Chilean immigrant Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). She slowly pulls her in, but can she find out where her dad is, without bringing a separate world to the Office of Dead Letters? Nothing against this movie, but reminded me of the god-horrible movie Heather Graham "committed" while watching it. However, it is much better than the pile of horses, but then it is not difficult. At the beginning, this movie is much more logical. It is true that metaphors are somewhat spectacular and slow symbolism is rapidly becoming a flood. But at least it is cohesive and unpredictable without full fertilization. This is also a good thing. Otto and Del Hoyo are very good because lovers are looking for something they know they will never find while other characters are at best peripheral. Part of the trouble is that it seems to have liked it too fast, so this viewer was somewhat disappointed. The second part is that when you consider the draconian Australian immigration policy (ie, if you do not speak English, rack off!), Such a story is unlikely to materialize. Other characters, sadly, also help destabilize realism by proving themselves to be more than small spheres. <br /> <br /> Despite this, the Dead Letter Office is definitely a bit different. Maybe it's not for everyone, but I liked it. Yes, it was exaggerated and predictable, but sometimes it's nice to look at the film without weapons or violence or curse and high-level nudity (it's not a chance in Australian film). There are no big laughs, no Bullet time, and the characters are usually one-dimensional. But it's the story that counts on it, and while it's not breaking apart in its grandeur, it's a nice way to pass the time. It's a film that's equivalent to CD Sheryl Crow - it's a nice listen, but you really would not really notice it if it was not there.
