Cassavetes was a bright intelligent, sensitive man with courageous new ideas for making movies. He wanted to be an author, to break out of the system boundaries and bring new realism to American cinematography. I'm applauding him for that. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can not applaud the woman under the influence. Cassavetes took what could have been a fascinating subject (a mad woman) and managed to create a boring film filled with long, ad libbally morning and drawn scenes. He seems to have had a gift to capture the harshest moments of a man's life on the film and often seems to have turned the camera to his family and let the engine run and run. This tactic would be acceptable if Cassavetes captured something devastating REAL - or even the core of something so real that it touched the heart as a conventional film could not. Still, I have found that performances, especially the Rowlands, are artificial. For a moment I did not believe she was really crazy. I met people who are really mentally anxious, but I have never seen that some of them behave like Gena Rowlands in Woman under influence. She plays it as a very unpleasant, unrestrained woman who drinks a lot, and it was even confusing because we only once saw it (at the beginning), but for the rest of the film she is drunk. There are moments in which he slips into something real, but those moments are short and far; can not sustain a seamless, mentally disturbed nature. Again, I appreciated her efforts, but the effort alone is not enough to make the exercise true. <br /> <br /> New viewers who come to this film and see their high IMDb rating will doubt that you rate it very much just to prove they have it. "But let yourself be washed out of the hype - a judge for yourself, you do not have to pretend to like it Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes could have been accused of solipsism in his film, seemingly looking for his own psyche and his life experiences so infinitely fascinating that he could not imagine that others seemed to be predictable and hateful, but Woody Allen at least demonstrated a gift for the audience to entertain - he knows that for each film a compelling storytelling structure and a good dose of humor are necessary. Cassavetes employed some self-discipline (and a sharp pair of editing scissors!), A woman under the influence could have an opportunity. But what makes sense to make a "realistic" film if the only ones who can sit in it are devoted art and film students who worship the Cassavetes as a divine anti-establishment? Without doing anything, I am convinced that Cassavet it could make A Woman a little accessible by keeping pace with a real conspiracy instead of introducing a string of 30-minute scenes of ad libraries. If you just shoot movies for yourself and a few of your fans, you have just achieved the converted ones. Watch this movie with your own set of eyes and decide on it. If you are really moved and fascinated by being good for you.
