From the actor and independent writer / director John Cassavetes, the Woman under the influence gives the viewer a view of the working class family with a problem of mental instability. Nick Nick (played by Peter Falk) is a blue-collar laborer who has trouble with his wife, Mabel (played by Gena Rowlands), to pay attention to what he deserves. Since the beginning of the movie, it is clear that Mabel is very strange and strange, but a few minutes later it is clear that it is much more than that. Crazy. Bonkers. From her damn mind. Nick is trying hard to hide from his coworkers, and after having an extraordinary event for dinner, he asks if he's going to be okay, as if he was trying to deny Mabel's disease. Her problem is just spirals from there. <br /> <br /> I found some problems with this movie. I think these problems were mostly present in the story and the way some of the characters came to an end. Mabelka was committed because, frankly, it is ugly. Six months later, she is ready to leave the hospital and her husband throws a party to greet her back. Never at the start of the movie is stupid. Why would he invite all these people, some of them foreigners Mabel, to his house when his wife is in such a fragile state? It's just idiotic. Later, when Mabel comes to the house, Mabel's father has a huge explosion on Nick and yells at the tip of his lungs that he does not want to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from six months of rehab, and the thing you want to do is keep her calm, and he's going through spaghetti? A few minutes later in Nick, Mabel brings Mabel to the stairway and forces her to do what she did when she was mentally unstable; to make her strange sounds and gestures. Did not he send her there to make her better and not do it? There were various other parts that emerged after this, but it would simply be superfluous to look at them in more detail. I think I had a serious problem with the decision of Cassavetes that his characters will act in this way. It just did not make sense. However, although I had problems closing the film, there was one aspect that really redeemed him; playing. Gen. Rowlands played a fabulous fool. There were times when I forgot to behave, where I got into my wild gesture and the crazy talk that I was really afraid of. She was amazingly convincing and intense. But I was also amazed by the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy because of his inappropriate way of dealing with his children, his work and, in particular, his situation with his wife. I usually do not rate children's actors as well. But the young people who played the children of Nick and Mabel in this film were phenomenal. It was really a feeling that they were Mabel children because they seemed to be so attracted to her and were so interesting that they helped her with her problem. I think their performances are one of the things that kept this film together and without them this film would be less realistic and less intense. Overall, I did not record this movie. The story was confused and unclear, and the characters behaved so I wonder who is not crazy about the movie. The only saving grace was the brilliant leadership role of the Longgetti family. Their realistic dialogue and powerful acting have led the film together, and are probably the only reason why the film ever came.
