In a woman under the influence of Mabel, she is crazy, but I see why she is going crazy. If I had a life that lived with the family she was supposed to be, I would go mad. Everyone in their family is out of their rocker and not with her. She is constantly surrounded by people who scream at her and tell her what is best for herself and people who are not the sharpest knives in a drawer. Start with one person closest to her in her life, her husband, Nick, is a bit off of his rocker. She always screams when she's home and tells her how to live her life and stop acting like an imbecile. The rest of the time has been working for a long time in her work, and she is not there to support her when she needs support. One person in her life who should always be there for her is never there, and if she does, she is only getting worse. She relies on him for support, and always comes to him first when he feels he is acting badly and does nothing to support her. When she comes home from the hospital, all she's doing is telling her how to act, instead of reassuring, just screaming at her and telling her what to do. The other main people in her life are her parents. Her parents do nothing for her. Mabel basically lives because they are afraid to stand up and stand up to her. Eventually, he even asks his father to stand up and he does not understand, and when he does, he still does nothing. They will not do anything to help Mabel recover or prevent her from going crazy because they do nothing for her time. The only person trying to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother is unwavering to have Mabel committed. He does not want to be treated with Nick for the Doctor to do it. It seems as though everyone was against Mabel and they feel that doing it is a good idea because they will not have to deal with them anymore. Everyone wants to live their own lives, and they do nothing for Mabel, except they scream at her and feel he's doing something wrong when he is not. That's why she went crazy and why she was to be committed, it was her family's fault.
