It should be called "Balderdash!" The little one in the movie is true except for the name of the island and the fact that it is a submarine. It's a little bit more than training the quality of the movie with a bad camera, a crazy photographic affair, and maybe even a low point of "Japs" with a laughing Japanese infantry, laughing with Japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional square jaws of American dying left and right. Sixty years later, it's inadvertently fun as a special artifact, and as an opportunity to see what is possible when a fever is on you. The story and the dialogue remind me that I played guns in my childhood summer afternoon and looked at the neighborhood fence to gain an immense advantage for my best friend, Steve and my brother. In fact Makin Island raid was almost complete failure with Carlson and his men wandering around in the dark exchanging shadow shooting until finally, thirsty and totally disoriented, seeking someone to give up before it happened to some equally confused Japanese soldiers who they immediately gave up! With the elimination of several Carines sailors ended up on another island and was abandoned! The film, of course, could not tell the story, not in 1943, so that the idea was upset and dropped into drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw, as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson) a leading unit consisting almost exclusively of cartoon compositions, Green recruiting (Harry Landon, Robert Mitchum), Grizzled veteran (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene) bumpkin (Rod Cameron), all-American boy (Alan Curtis), and dozens of stinky (when not laughing) "Japs". Yet the cast almost overcomes the material. Nearly. The Narrow Range of Randolph Scott is suitable for his role as a serious commander and is supported by a solid team of professionals who do the best with thin slurry. Eventually, however, one exercise was won. Any excuse is completely abandoned when Randy Scott just looks straight into the camera and brings the mixing of the call to arms. Cast was better than this material. It was also an audience. He should be seen with Reefer Madness and a Merlot bottle.
