The DVD has become the equivalent of an old double-bill circuit, the last chance to capture old movies on the brink of total forgotten as a border. There were great expectations for it in 1982? The script was written by Walon Green from the wild band Jack Nicholson on days when he could continue without a traffic light and a large supporting cast (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine) and director Tony Richardson exhausted power by then)? but now it's not even on TV. The material certainly offers a rich array of possibilities to commemorate the 1980s of the American dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption, while Nicholson's border patrol blinds his eyes to strange drug trafficking or trafficking in human beings to finance the woman's relentless materialism until his conscience reappears when he discovers , that his partners are also in the children's shop. Unfortunately, he can never get dirty hands without even looking at his decency on the surface. The film feels always connected, as if too many transcripts and too many committees have been castrated and unfortunately the recent DVD release is a missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic end where Nicholson goes over the border and fire bombs of the border patrol station that was cut after, what the audience showed to be too small, but still prominent in movie trailers. While it was probably not very convincing when considering how Nicholson's conscience in the film had to be, it had to be better than the climax when the film left the logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point it held characters with a gun, then it was somewhere else and one trying to kill him, one character wounded in his house jumping like a gazelle on the shore of the Rio Grande, while Valerie Perrine's character brightens at an exponential level. The villains of the work are wiped out with absurd ease (and one impressive automotive stuntman) in time for the endless happy ending and start wondering if you've ever been able to watch a completely different movie. What is even more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and stunning that the sudden leak to the melodrama is even more fierce. Unfortunately, the beautiful title song Ry Cooder, across the border, says it much more economically. But if you want to know the real crime of the movie, you're completely losing the great Warren Oates in nothing to do with it. When even he can not make an impression, you know there is something really wrong. Overall, it's very easy to remember why I found it so forgotten at the time.
