In order to view this movie, I must quote this unforgettable scene in Tarantino's Pulp Fiction (1994), when Jules and Vincent talk about Mia Wallace and what he does to make a living. Jules tells Vincent that "the only thing she did was a pilot." Vincent asks, "What the hell is the pilot?" and Jules goes into a very good description of what the TV pilot is: "Well, the way they do the show is they make one show. This show is called the 'pilot'. They also show that show for people who pose and in the power of this show they decide whether they are going to be more shows, some pilots are selected and become television programs, some have not become anything, played in one of those that has not happened. Now that I stretch out about what Jules they are MILDES of TV programs / pilots that have never been broadcast because they simply were not ... well, well, probably the most notorious pilot who comes to mind is "W * A * L * T * E * R" Turning to "M * A * S * H" with Gary "Radar" Burghoff as the head of the game. or what they thought they knew) is that the pilots are almost never show up in the air, because they are strictly set for television networks to decide. Some realized that they were on their way and got into the air. (The American Dad's animated series is coming to mind because the show's series did not start nearly four months later, and everyone should be glad that the pilots never get into the air, and that's why "Black Bart", a supposed clutch with a classic Mel Brooks comedy, "Blazing Saddles" and a peasant with a little heart and no soul.This saddle was a controversial comedy, yet with racist humor and vulgar comedy, which reminds me of "what idiot decided to do a great TV show for PRIME TIME TV "I say" presumed "because none of the memorable characters from the movie, except Bart, in this mess from the TV show. Mel Brooks was not even involved with the production of the series, and that was the first mistake in the long line (In a related story I recently learned about an unprepared TV pilot for a series based on the film "Clerks." that Ke Vin Smith was not involved in ... you see what will happen?!?). <br / > <br /> Set somewhere at the same time as the movie (or at all), the story circles around a single Black Sheriff in the Wild West, named appropriately "Black" Bart, who is playing this time Oscar winner Louis Gossett Jr., apparently before his stint in "real" acting, while in this he plays "G-rated" by Richard Pryor. Most other characters are carbon (if not, really bad) copy characters in the movie: Jim, Waco Kid is replaced by a similar character seeking named Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier who is fast with a gun. Lilian Von Schtupp is now Belle Buzzer, which is rather a rhythm of the character that he is a Dancer and a German with an accent and personality from Marlene Dietrich. While it is to a great extent the end of similarities, the leading "bad guy" in the story is Fern Malaga, played by Noble Willingham, which I assumed would be Hedley Lamar if Warner Bros. got the rights to a name (see trivia for "Blazing Saddles") and his son Curley ... I do not know, Taggart, I think? The story is a bad excuse for a sitcom, which is much less a pilot. Bart deals with the drunken son of the mayor and is out of control, causing the city to spin. It's really a story that tries to portray all the characters in the "series" and does not focus on the diversity and context that would mean it's "okay." I can not call it a sitcom (even if I wanted to), and that's mainly that it was filmed in the underworld in Warner Bros. studies. Studios and later added laughter, so the performance is set almost exactly like "M * A * S * H" (supplemented with a gentle and boring "laugh" that is the same as the series). Acting is so, but there is one part that always laughed at me when an actor who plays Reb Jordan almost forgets his lines and tries to really remember them while trying to distract a piece of dialogue. HA! The script is somewhat boring and is trying to make racism much more humorous than in the movie (surprisingly, they use the word "N *** er" many times with a 22-minute episode, somewhat irritating for its time period and even today), and it becomes repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you ever get your hands on this invisible piece of sssss ... interesting news, observe it just because of the feeling of watching the pilots (It's on the collector's edition of "Blazing Saddles," God knows why). There you get the chance of a first-hand chance because of why many film-bound pilots will never penetrate.
