It was hard to sit down with this terrible heretic adaptation of Sherlock Holmes. Apparently Matt Frewer was busy because he is tall and thin. His face like a skull was for a good zombie on Tuesday, but like Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow. Not only does Frewer have a long inaccessible walk that is hard to follow, but looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical Holmes coats he's wearing. Not only that, but while the coat is gray kep, they apparently could not find a matching cap. So his hat is black and looks shiny as if it were made of polyester. Whatever the hat was made of, it looked very new and artificial. Jeremy Brett sometimes wore the traditional clothes, but Brett did not have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to look. Frewer, on the other hand, is painful to watch. Even in full suit "Holmes" does not bear himself as Sherlock Holmes. Freer's dead face is constantly smiling as he moves in the very bad British accent "Upper-Crust" is painful to see and listen. To say that Frewer is excessive is an understatement. After finishing each sentence with some nostril, then he seizes as if it were a British feature. When I started watching, I thought it might be a comedy featuring Wishbone, the Jack Russell Terrier. I thought Frewer was reworked like some foil for Wishbone. But sadly, there is no dog in this film except Frewer. Wishbone would make this movie much better. <br /> <br /> Frederick's version of Sherlock Holmes never stops talking (in that terribly artificial British nasal accent) but is very friendly and kind. Frewer always smiles at witnesses with whom he speaks, and is so polite and polite that he can teach at a school of charm rather than being asleep. Maybe because it is a Hallmark Channel production, it's trying to make Sherlock Holmes's baby version (Wishbone better), which was more prolific and subtle. Whatever Frederick Holmes's Frewer's interpretation is, it's flatter than a pancake, and it's easy to be the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've ever seen (including the previous worst, Charlton Heston). Overall, the tone of this movie is horrible. She reminded me of a typical Barnaby Jones episode or the murder she wrote or diagnosed murder. All the suspects were suspiciously harassed and stared at the victims before they were killed. Holmes and Watson explain each key throughout the movie. Even the murder she wrote is less exposure. This Sherlock Holmes is even very uncompromising with Jim Rockford of Rockford's ensembles and is just a mile under Columbo. Angry dialogue is probably the guilt of the writer. Obviously, someone who has ever written this script has little knowledge of Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version of Jeremy Brett. This film has all the atmosphere of the Little House episode on Prairie. The fact that actors seem to run away when they portray their lines in their fake events does not help. The only slight point is Ken Walsh, who plays Dr. Watson with some dignity. Walsh does not complain against Frewer, and when witnesses often speak, his behavior and conversation are much more natural and trustworthy. Unfortunately, the remaining part of the cast is amateur and visual traces that put together and create a face (to show that they are suspicious) is something I did not see in any modern movie.
