I will write about this movie and the "irreversible" (v) famous scene in it. So you are warned if you have not seen the movie yet. That's just my idea why I think the film will fail (final - he intended). Rosario Dawson is really good and almost expresses someone almost ten years younger than other words). A poor guy is good but loses his "bad" touch just before the end. If he never really changes, why would he let a woman join him? He did not want a period. Then we have a bartender / second rape. Actually, I do not think you need it. At least not for the second rape, but later on. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the story. Rosarios's character is sexually insecure, lesbian tendencies can also be seen (see her scene with her boyfriend). It was not intentional, as Rosario says, but there is sexual tension between them. Rosario's character meets a guy who is a sexual Predator in all the bad senses. But he's impressed. Rosario remarked that her character had a boyfriend before. I dare to disagree. Because she acts as if she were her first friend, who also underlines a phone conversation with her mother. When we talk about her mother, there's another problem. At the end of the first rape, the Rosarios character does not tell anyone what happened. When she sees her relationship with her mother very close, none of this is over. If Rosarios's character no longer calls his mother or behaves strangely, his mother would be foolish. There was so much potential. Also her friend: We see her at the party, it's obvious that something is happening and the "boom" is gone. The first rape is almost untenable to watch. But it feels like a pinch when you compare it to the end (rape) that feels like you're getting a hit with a hammer! After rape # 1 we get too stretched scenes. Open threads (for example, her work suggests she might be a lesbian, as one guy who attempted to hit her ...) but stayed open. There is no real social contact if you leave a bartender guy who is involved in the second and last scene of rape. It is obvious that he is not a "handsome" guy and his character is getting a little wider. But when Rosarios's character meets her violent class again, his being in the movie seems unnecessary. We are of the opinion that the Rosarios character is no longer the same, that it is "bad" and is capable of hurting people. (Too Many) Many scenes accurately show that it is emotionless to just make drugs and other things. Back to Rapist # 1, which cheats the test, is captured by the Rosarios character and they decide to leave together again (really?). As it sounds absurd, the guy meets her, without seeing him before, with another girl (very likely he has raped her even though we can not see her) and his football career. A good career is a stretch and he's bullied. It's an attempt to make his character somewhere deep and almost working, but then he's too cliché again to stay with you. So Rapist # 1 gives Rosarios the character ... why exactly? Because he promised her, was it her day? Again, really? This man will never lose control, especially with the woman he has raped before ... I think he should show us how stupid he is. A barman guy would work like someone who could hit his head or something, but let him subdue it just feels bad. The second option would have a drug in his drink. So the robber # 1 gets undressed and gets blindfolded, letting Rosarios's figure hang on to the bed ... seriously, that's just crazy! But what comes next is even more crazy. He first talks with him, then "closes" him and makes a subject in it. It is difficult to see as scene number one. It's not about what this person deserves or not, it's just intense. And of course it was what they were heading for. Now after it's done, the bartender comes and rape ... the burglar # 1. If it really should work as a film of avenging, it would be better for Rosarios herself to do herself a "revenge" herself. When one has to do the job, he will take away everything that has been built. This is not fun / fun, it's a hard watch and it's Art-house. But that ten minutes (I should not have counted) the scene of the rape at the end, just breaking everything. Rosarios's character is more or less just watching what happens. Which brings me to the greatest disappointment. The irreversible comparison: "Irreversible" had a scene of rape, but the movie went on (even if it was back in time). Rosario finally looks at the camera and says something about having to overcome this. First of all, it comes a little too late to see her after the initial rape. And secondly, and most importantly, that's where Art-house is supposed to be. It is more interesting to see that Rosarios's character would go after the second scene of rape and how she would cope with what she had done. But again, this was not so physically (see above) ... a broken figure that the movie cut off ... Good intentions (Talia and Rosario had worked before), but they did not give much of the things they chose to do (even if you see what it means , it must be convincing, otherwise it does not work) ... not to mention the excessive rape scenes that are ...
