SPOILERS HEREIN My high school school did everything she could to try to motivate us for the exams. But the most memorable method they used to get into the right state of mind was a guest speaker who was none other than the favorite son of Australia Kickboxing, Stan "The Man" Longinidis. The first mistake they made was that the guy had brought him the microphone because he was shouting half the time even though we were sitting no more than three or four feet away. Now his speech was full of "if you can not prepare, then prepare for failure" things, but there were different cases where I really worked. The guy stood before us when he preached that he had done his whole life for himself and no one else. In the past, he has been offered many trades to give up kick-boxing, but has never looked to become the biggest Australian boxer. He said it was not a sale, he was happy and an officer, he never took any action other than Kickboxing? then hit his movie. Yes, you heard the truth, added your new movie. When he talked about it, he got a woman to come and hold a poster that promoted it, and then showed this unfortunate 4-minute video of this angry movie called "Trojan Warrior." (All this is before he was defeated by Gurkan Ozkan in his last career battle (for now)) Tent is played by Ajax, kick-boxing of a former Special Forces agent who is dragged into the underworld of the Underworld of Melbourne. Ajax's cousin Theo (Arthur Angel) has recently escaped (well, at least Stan did not get too far from it) to the feds and as a result is escaping all organized crime. Ajax and Theo get into a variety of ridiculous situations, from fighting in the Kebab shop to standing as playboys for slavery. It's all ridiculous, but if Silverstein really tried to create a trusted movie, he would never have to hand over the camera to him. <br /> <br /> I admit that they actually pumped me to see it. I like action movies, even if they are ominous and especially if they are placed in their own backyard. But what I was introduced to was a movie with an acting movie that was terrible of the word "go" and went on to say "for love to God, please stop it!", Subplot was introduced and did not even touch again after being out, the characters were just destroyed for absolutely no reason and the most over-choreographed battle scenes that even remotely reflect Stan's real talent in Kickboxing. Casting consisted of unusable camera views only for anyone who was REMOTELY famous (Dermot Brereton, Mark "Chopper" Read and Greg Matthews). The whole time you sit and play the guessed game only by the one who stands in the background. It is a shame that the film really depends on two-stage performances of former personalities. Do you remember those conspiracies I told you about? Ajax was apparently closed once, wrongly accused of murdering his wife. Now we hear that Ajax was in special forces through one single sentence in WHOLE and then left it for buggers. There is another single sentence that convinces Ajax to help the same people who have improperly blocked it. Then, at the end, he reveals to Ajax that his wife is not actually dead but sold for prostitution. See her? No. Ajax to go away to find her as soon as she hears it? No. This is a marriage! <br /> <br /> During all of these irritably crazy crap, some websites described this movie as "The Cross between Jackie Chan and Guy Ritchie?" Did this guy ever sit down and watch the movie Jackie Chan ?! Chan shows more dexterity in an attempt than Stan did, well, ANY! And Guy Ritchie is a crime movie Messiah and you compare him to Salik Silverstein! This movie is more like a mix between "Pizza" and "Enter the Ninja". <br /> <br /> Now, where does the whole name come from "Trojan Warrior"? Ajax's hard fighting skills like an ancient Greek warrior? No. Unification of the gangsters to find Theo, as well as the Trojan Empire? No. Is that because? wait for it ?? Theo bears a condom with him. Yes, because THEO is always ready with the Trojan BRAND GUN that is in your pocket is Trojan Warrior! <br /> <br /> I was dissatisfied with seeing the "Trojan Warrior" on DVD, as well as its "special" features: <br /> <br /> ?? "Chop Chop" video, rap song from Mark "Chopper" Read: Chopper did it just to prove that someone can rap. The funny thing was Chopper only thirty-one, and then she threw it to the two albinos by teens from Doncaster, using words like "dis" and "drug", etc. In their Australian accents. Faced with people, rap was developed in the States, leaving it there! The clip looked like Cameraman Channel 31 in ecstasy together. <br /> <br /> Bloopers: There was no real difference between this and the current movie. <br /> <br /> Stan "The Man" Longinidis Kickboxing Featurette: It was not too bad, given that it was only 6 or 7 different battles shown from different angles (I think I saw Dennis Alexio falling about 15 times in this 3 minute assembly) . /> <br /> I do not want to say that this film is helping to make this country go to hell with regard to the movie, but ... oh, wait, I just did. My advice for anyone who reads is to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of the Trojan Warrior, stick them together, and use it on weight because this movie is just as bad.
