One of the strangest most commonly used romantic film scores is this one: a seriously confused man falls in love with the ultimately sick woman who will change her life before she dies. Occasionally, this story is going well and realistically (as in "Theory of Flight"), but it is more often done, as it is here, where heroin from "old film illness" usually dies. You know the ultimate illness that has no symptoms, but one faint spell and the need to lie down when you say to your lover forever; and your appearance is unaffected once (and since it's 70s, not even your sex life). This is one of the worst versions of this particular story, where a very stupid script brings together two incompatible and incredible characters and actors playing them off at sea. it's the worst performance of Al Pacino's career and I say it after seeing "The Devil's Advocate" just two days ago! He plays a driving freak, an emotionally enthusiastic driver of racing cars, and plays a lifeless figure in his life. He seems to be constantly asking himself, why he is sitting around Martha Keller's grate (as well as the audience), and spends most of the film just ... standing there, usually with his mouth open. The only moment he displays any sign of life is at the end where his character proves he has changed from a uptight to a liberation by making a foolishly wrong imeit of Mae West. Hey, it was the 1970s! Marthe Keller is as awful as the interest in dying; her character was conceived as courageous and free and touching and unlimited and full of life, even though she dies and was probably destined to play with a sensual actress, such as Vanessa Redgrave or Julie Christie. Instead, they got a faint face and a heavy German accent by Mrs. Keller, who encounters a ghostly stereotyped teuton ("You know you're eating an omelet!"), Than something like that. She's supposed to reform Pacino and fill it with courage and spirit and all that, but it does not work that way, it's more like she screamed her mistakes in the most unpleasant way possible. It makes one of the least convincing novels in the history of the movie, where you can not believe it is with someone he considers to be worthless, and you can not believe he is with someone who gets nervous enough. > <br /> Some fans of bad movies call this classical classic mainly because of the silly "liberating" Pacino imitation of Mae West. Scene is a scream, especially in the context, but it is not worth the rest of the movie to sit down. No, just look at the movie if you're a serious fan of a bad movie that's particularly interested in studying an extreme lack of chemistry among leading actors or a very bad casting (not only that leads terribly, but another girlfriend Pacino plays an actress who looks and sounds, has likes Keller with shorter hair, I got them totally confused). It's not one of those bad movies, like "The Conqueror", it's really a really bad movie. <br /> <br />
