Uta Hagen's "Respect for Action" is a standard textbook for many courses at the University Theater. In the book, Hagen describes two fundamentally different approaches to character development as an actor: Presentation approach and representation approach. In the presentation approach, the actor focuses on making the figure more confident by putting emotional elements out of an actor's own life. In the performance approach, the actor tries to present the effect of emotions through a high level of motion and sound control. A representative approach to acting was still partly in vogue when this Hamlet was created. The British Theater has a long history of this style of acting, and Olivier could be said to be the final king of the embassy school. Time has not been kind to this acting school or this movie. Almost every employee today uses a presentation approach. The modern eye is Olivier's highly portrayed, stylized delivery habit, stiff and stiff. Instead of creating an inner conflict Hamlet, Olivier made a melancholy Dana, a self-righteous bullhorn-actor style that could get to the back of the larger London theaters, but it is too stubborn, modern Hamlet. <br /> <br /> And so the film is falling down clumsily today. Olivier's propensity to e-nun-ci-ate causes some of Hamlet's lines to be inadvertently entertaining: "Instead, you need to dress and get the tem-purcance that can give it ... Smoothness!" Instead of crying during a meeting with her father's spirit (like any suitable actor), clear bright lights in Olivier's pupils give us this impression. Eileen Herlie is the only other actor in this Hamlet, a good essay with the queen, despite the painful age differences (41, 26). Other actors in this movie have no chance of gaining anything else that is important to do, given that Olivier tends to want to keep it! camera! on him! at all! times! <br /> <br /> Sixty years later, you feel the uncertainty of the Shakespeare stage, which lacks the confidence to portray the broken, faulty Hamlet, and instead decides to plot a kind of Elizabethan bullhorn. Final analysis: "I should have such a person who drove out for Termagant, and that's Herod: pray, avoid it."
