People who really like the problem of a child (1990) must have their heads examined. Who would have the idea of ​​watching a bad boy, made a trigger for the others and considered it fun? The movie is not funny, at all, it does not begin to end. It wants to be a cartoon, but writers do not realize that the fool is not funny when people attack bears or hit with baseball bats. It can be funny in cartoons, but not in the movie. The young hero of the film is young (Michael Oliver), who has been placed at the front door of foster parents for admission since childhood. Families are rejecting it because it makes them difficult time. <br /> <br /> Then he threw them into an orphanage where he terrorized the nuns and wrote written letters to the assassin (Bow-Tie Killer) Michael Richards. Soon it was accepted by Ben and Flo Healy (late John Ritter and his wife Amy Yasbeck) who are dying to have a baby to be just like any other parent in their neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Junior becomes a household member of Healy and Little is interested in Ben, despite the fact that he destroys a trip to the camp by attracting a bear to the place or throwing a cat at his father "Big" Ben (Jack Warden), a great politician. I think we ought to take care of the junior, so we can help him when he takes revenge on people. His new mother Flo is a whore, his grandfather is totally selfish, and one little girl who despises adoptive children is such a spoiled one. But what makes Junior to get the last laugh is not fun - it's bad, cruel and sometimes life-threatening. And what is the movie message? That children should solve problems with violence and vandalism? That they should seek friendship by writing convicted murderers? They definitely do not have what it is like to be a bad kid. Junior is not the only one - it's just sadistic, a little bit. There was a time when it was bad for kids to beat the others. Now everyone laughed when the Junior defeats kids with a baseball bat. It's a pity that this movie was sold as a "family comedy". What's worse is that the problem child is rated PG. What does the MPAA mean when they saw it? There's a lot of nasty and dirty jokes that one can wonder to be split between PG and PG-13. Children will enjoy it, but parents will be shocked about what is happening on the screen. And for most people, a problem child will be considered a class of "wine pleasure"; a movie that someone will shamefully admit to liking, although the predominant view, as shown by more serious viewers, is that the movie is a piece of crap.
