I can not remember why - I had to buy a free ticket or something like that - but I saw the movie in the theater when he was released. I do not remember who I was going to, where I was theater, or even in which city. I only remember how I offended that I was dared to call a movie in this crow, and how half of the people in the theater left before the film ended. Unfortunately, I have fixed it, which I still consider to be one of the worst mistakes in my life. My misdemeanor became a horror when just before the final credit, the villain spins the demon from behind behind the sign and says, "Look at the problem of the child 2 soon!" It was the most amazing moment recorded in the movie. The plot, if I remember correctly, concerned John Ritter and perhaps his wife (Lord, how I tried to block this film out of my mind without success) accepting the "child's problem." Maybe they think they can reform him or something. Really do not know. If it is their intention, they fail, since from the first frame to the last, this child will remain the worst, the worst, the worst demon who has hit the screen. Forget Damian, forget about Rosemary's baby. This kid takes the cake. The only difference is that we should be sorry for it because it is a "problem child". This is impossible, however, since this child is probably the most unsympathetic character ever seen. You want to kill him with the whole movie, and when (SPOILER, like anyone cares), John Ritter decides to hold a nasty hell child that you'll scream "Send him back!" in shocked disgust (like some people in the theater where I saw it). This is just the second movie I gave "1" to IMDb. The other was Superman IV, and God could not tell you what's worse. John Ritter had a quote in the Television Guide about the time when Problem Child 3, which was not, came out. He said something like, "The only way I would do another problem [Problem Child] is if my dead body pulls me back to take it." I remind you! I'd rather watch the 24-hour marathon of the Police Academy continue than to see another twenty minutes of a troubled child again. 1/10, just because I can not give a negative score, which is what they deserve. Someone will burn the original negatives of this movie, please!
