When I first saw "Lipstick" for the first time in several decades, I supported her by "Descendant", even though I heard more negative comments than good friends from other cinemas with a taste as diverse as me. <br /> <br /> It's interesting to contrast how the unique Rape Revenge, from the full gore "I Spit On Your Grave" to the glamorous "Lipstick" stunning solution to the problem in "Accused" has evolved over the last 32 years. But "descent", though doing some important points, never offers us anything really new in terms of revelatory meaning. No, the "descent" is so poorly created in terms of image and sound quality that it reduces any significant message it could hope to be - a report that is not so breakthrough in careful scrutiny. <br /> <br /> I almost knew it was happening. What I wanted to see was the descent or degeneration of Dawson's character. Being a big fan of Rosario, I tried to see the layers tearing apart and her psyche twisted slowly ... you know, the kind of portrait DeNiro brings "Taxi Driver". Unfortunately, the scenario and the director / writer's choice do not provide any credible transition. The biggest failure point is the second act. It became clear what filming intentions for this segment of stumbling, drug use, and obsession with a big black stallion Adrian (every nightmare of a white boy, natch) of questioning and answering DVDs, but this excursion to Dawson's character is never credibly melted. We do not know exactly what the hell is doing half the time it does or why it does. Poor audio / video quality does not help again, but the sequence is simply too damn and unnecessary. It will destroy any dynamics and investment in the leading position created during the extremely well executed first act. When we get to the final, our interest is over. One point of success, which Dawson points to the question of Questions and Answers, is that by the end of the "vengeance" we are drawn for compensation, then realize how real is real and ugly. While this is certainly valid, it makes the scene even more interesting. <br /> <br /> If you have a DVD, look at the "class" deleted scene. This is an excellent 8 minutes plus output that cracks with energy and provocations (though all verbal) and actually show Dawson's slow crack-up materialize while she deliciously vivisects poor France Swift's away, a condescending sleeping counselor. If more similar expositive scenes were added and more of the middle third could have an interesting psychological study of the effects of meaningless violent acts. Because the film stands in the final cut, however, everything we get is what we have seen before only in graphical form. So what?
