Yeti: The Snow Demon Curse begins on board a plane full of American high school students who are on their way to playing a football game in Japan, unfortunately in a storm their aircraft collided in the Himalayas. It was really bad. With some dead and some alive, the survivors have to think about themselves and decide to wait for it until help comes. But when he thinks their happiness can not get worse, he soon finds out that the giant, hairy Yeti creature of the Abominable Snowman wants to kill and eat them all. Catching, cold, hungry and fighting for survival, will help get stuck in teenagers in time? Yeah, called Yeti: A Snow Demon Curse, this can mean only one thing, and it is that someone in the Sci-Fi Channel has created another "Creature Feature", though these things a bit varied, the Sci-Fi Channel here in the UK now dubs like "Beast Feast"! It's as if there was a difference. Director Paul Ziller has to say that Yeti: Deamon's Snow Curse is a terrible movie, but a bit funny one at the same time, sure it's bad, but it's a bit fun at times. The basic premise is fine, it is a sort of cross between Alive (1993) with his plane crash and the survivors who had to transform the cannibal to survive, and the great horror killer Bigfoot (another legendary furry monster) exploiting film The Night of the Daemon (1980) I would defend my last breath and I must say that this is not exactly a marriage made in heaven, but as I said it's fun sometimes if it's not exactly gripped or well written. The characters are mostly annoying American teens, there is an expected argument, there is a macho hero, a strong woman and a coward who thinks of himself, so there are no prizes for originality. There are also some plot holes if the plane hits people, why just send two rangers on foot to search for them? How do you plan to dig a big hole and wrap it with focusing sticks in ten minutes? Why did not Yeti kill the killer at the end of the killer? Until then all the others killed, so why not she? "There are actually two Yeti's running around" a twist is not being used at all, no effect at all. At least it's a good-tempo movie, it's going to be moving at a fairly old pace and I've never found myself bored with it. There is some kind of bloody action, and the movie has some fascination when it comes to seeing whether the children will survive or not and whether they will eat their dead friends or not. The only thing you can always do about these Sci-Fi Channels, "Creature Features" or "Beast Feasts," is that CGI computer effects will laugh out laughingly and it will do it again. The air crash at first looks terrible and Yeti, when it's CGI, looks like an embarrassing jumping all over the place, like a pogo stick. There is one or two pretty gore scenes, including a torn hand, a torn head, a torn heart, some dead bodies, a little blood smearing, and the best bite when Yeti stretches one man in half and takes him with his own tearing off the bite of a large piece of them . According to IMDb, an actor who played Yeti played three and a half hours before he got into a suit and make-up that looks like a long time because it's really nice-looking work. The original name appears to be Raksha: A curse of the snow demon with Raksha, which means a demon in Tibetan Sanskrit, so now you know. It has reasonable production value with respect to the usual Sci-Fi Channel stuff that sparks even though the mountain site does not look like a rough, bleak Himalayas and is probably somewhere in some ski resorts, and it looks warm in many daily scenes. The game is not so good, and I do not think some of the girls look so good, no matter how. Yeti: The Curse of the Snow Demon is another terrible Sc-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' if I'm honest that no sensible person will like it, but if you're looking for a bit horror-related entertainment, then it's not too bad and there are one or two fun moments, which make it a little observable, even if it is not very good.
