The airport '77 began with a new 747 aircraft filled with precious paintings and belonging to wealthy businessmen Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who was flying them & many VIPs to his land. To prepare for public viewing As a museum, there is also the daughter of Stevens, Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) and her son. Luxury jet planes will travel as planned. But the plane was in the air by the pilots of Chambers (Robert Fox Worth) and his two colleagues (Monte Markham) and Wilson (Michael Pataki) gas sleeping. They plan to steal valuables and land on a deserted plane on an isolated island. But while his lineage, Chambers almost hit the ocean oil rig & lost control of the plane, sending it slammed into the sinking sea. Go to the bottom right, right in the middle of the Bermuda Triangle. With insufficient air, the water flows in and out more than 200 miles off the path. The problem with the survivors is because they wait for help from time to time ... <br /> <br /> Get to know each other under broken tiles. Airport is slightly different. Airport 1977 The second sequel, this is a thriller about the airport disaster (1970) directed by Jerry Jameson. And while it was a previous version, I can't say that the airport '77 is a classic game. Was forgotten Valid reason From the movie about the three airports that I have seen, I really like this movie. It has my favorite plot in three stories, with a good air strike and bumps. (He didn't see the rig or not) and the sinking of the 747 (maybe the manufacturer might try to cross the airport too) A popular disaster in that era. The Poseidon Adventure (1972) & submerged to the end with obstacles facing the trapped inside, suffocating when the air was exhausted or sunk when flooded 747 or if there was Any door is wide open and is a good idea that can create a little disaster. But the characters who are not sympathetic, boring conversations, drowsy outfits and lack of danger or suspicion or true tension mean that this is an opportunity to miss While the plot is quite awkward, it allows for one 108-minute entertainment. Strange doesn't happen much after the plane sinks & there's not as much urgency as I think should be there. Although the Navy was involved in things that did not receive so much, with large ships and helicopters flying around, but there was something missing here. George Kennedy as a jinxed airline operator Joe Patroni comes back again But there are only a few scenes and hardly say anything to worry about in the background. <br /> <br /> The home video and the drama version of the airport '77 takes 108 minutes while the US TV program. Add an additional one hour special video, including a new release sequence, many other scenes with George Kennedy as a background supporter of the characters, long help scenes & discoveries, or another couple's remains. I want to see exclusive videos, I'm not sure I can sit through an airport in '77 for three hours. As expected, this movie dated badly with fashion and horrible interior design. I would say that there is nothing more than a bad toy plane model effect as well. In addition to the sequel to the airport, the other two sectors are considered proud of the Razzie Award Hall of Shame Award. Although I think of a lot of worse movies The action scenes are a little boring, the pace is slow and they are not excited or create tension, which is a shame when I think this may be a good movie if done correctly. <br /> <br /> The production value will be It doesn't matter if there's nothing exciting. The performance was not good. Jack Lemmon, the winner of the Oscar twice, said that since it was a mistake in this performance, James Stewart, an Oscar winner, was once old and weak and at one time The Oscar winners make little and have many other familiar faces to watch out for. <br /> <br /> The airport '77 is the most disastrous scene in the movie of the airport, both Three stories Significant ago They look a bit stupid. Polite production and direction doesn't help. & Movies about planes that are sunk are not boring or drowsy, followed by The Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979)
