When I was young, my parents took me to the theater to see the interior. It was one of many movies I watched with my parents. But this is the only movie we walked out. Since then I have never seen the interior until recently and I can live the rest without it. What a bore, boring and boring thing about wine and cheese. 70s Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors. But the interior is the worst thing in his career. In the non-distorted style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a deep, gloomy view, deep down to the life of the family caused by psychological damage caused by divorce, feud, career, love, not love bad breath. Intentional movies, no relief, no cartoons, no music and drenched in shadowy pathos This style of film can be best defined as an expressionist in nature by using an improvisation dialogue to talk about "Subtle meaning and truth" But Woody Allen does not have Ingmar Bergman. The movie is slow and painful. But other than that, I have no relation or sympathy for any characters at all, but I feel just insulting for the parade of shuffling, clattering, nicotine dyeing, martyrs in the quest for all the time. Amidst the backdrop of global wealth and Brie's clever persona, a story that looks like a fart in the room Everyone speaks with repetitive words and languages ​​that elevate between every cigarette "lost" and "struggling". Desperate to find direction or understanding or whatever, and it continues until you reach the point that you want. All of them It's never about solving a problem, it's just about endless babbling. It is nothing more than a psychological drama that leads to the ability of the audience to connect. Woody Allen chose to create a character to soak in himself. We felt that it had been left. And for this reason I found that this film is a self-relieving, painful and spiritually exhausted I saw what he was doing. But his confirmation of promoting his message through Prozac prose and the distorted movie technique made it through the linking point I highly recommend this car if you feel too happy and need something that will remind you of death. Otherwise, we will pretend this movie never happened.
