Summer is here when the cinema options are limited by what is the hottest movie of the week, giving 99.9% of the screen devoted to movie screenings. OK, so I might exaggerate the percentage. But you get my drift In addition to what comes from Hollywood, Bollywood has its own share of highly anticipated commercials, and from some examples showing Tashan being charged as one of the The highest projected in 2008, but I was very surprised at the lower theaters. When I watched Jodha Akbar it was a full house. But not for Tashan. <br /> <br /> After watching, I know why. It's entertaining But it is a weak basis Like the English name, literally, which means "style". Tashan is all style. But with little content Not that it doesn't have the power of stars as usual. But the scene felt compelled and there were some ridiculous scenes, even Bollywood standards that I had to say. Which is quite surprising because Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, the author of Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of whom are very happy. <br /> <br /> In his outgoing position, his new director With Tashan, while you can't blame his direction, you may scratch your head over the plot, which is the best. It tries to force things into the story too, even if it gets credit, which gives you questions about the character's inspiration. But it is a little too late and comes to an end only, which makes you guess a moment before Packed with action figures that are full of parody movies that make Thai action movies have Hong Kong style and weapons, and Hollywood's laughable guns And in the bid to include everything including the kitchen sink, you have many types of vehicles that appear and things that use the cake to show respect. Dhoom 2 is a jet ski boat in the middle. <br /> <br / > The best, Tashan can be happy as a joke, unintentionally, and this is why actors relate to their characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, the information center executive at Give learning English is the only platform to find out about a new girlfriend. His playboy method was abandoned when he met Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), which did not match her looks like a gentle and cute person. She engaged Jimmy's service to her boss, Bhaiyyaji (Anil Kapoor), who may have received the most laughter while he had broken the English language and the phrase had to be ah-beng. Completed The Road In a peculiar way with friends to transform enemies and enemies become friends, you know, when traveling on the road wear. Jimmy Cliff seems to be the most unbelievable thing because he goes from zero to the hero, carrying out a shameful movement in Rambo in no time. Kareena Kapoor amp, sexual factor while she uses charm. Her to deceive both men and there are many opportunities to do so due to the very famous bikini scene and other costumes that have a neckline or hemlines above the knee All with the backdrop being built, and I thought of Bachchan Pandey Akshay Kumar seems to be the best, most impressive and most fun of the game, although his character seems to be the Incredible Hulk was not green. And punching energy His wounds also heal automatically, which makes Wolverine a shame. And the best part is his song, which is Alfa Man and played in ra-ra mode every time he encounters an enemy. <br /> <br /> But sad to say that this is the only song Memorable things, cheers "Bachchan- Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey" for most Bollywood movies that I watch, I can usually do even with clear language spaces. I can't do that after Tashan because of the unfortunate song that is not ears. Normally, music / dance works well in the story without the need to remove the characters from the current scene or place. When compared to pulling them out and holding them in high places on the top of the mountain or on rough rocks on the beach, <br /> <br /> Tasan may not be too serious. But from Vijay, the story of Krishna Acharya, you may want something a little bit ridiculous and for continuity to be careful as well. Being charged as a blockbuster, now I can begin to understand why the crowd is so averse to this. Even though Akshay Kumr steals the program, Tashan does better than the whole picture.
