Kareena Kapoor's eyes in a two piece bikini is about the only thing that will wake you up from sleep while watching Tashan? The new movie is great and frustrating at this weekend's cinema. Bad movies are bad movies and we see every week, but Tashan is not only a bad movie. But it's a terrible movie Terrible because it makes the audience feel terrible because the filmmakers expect to get out without any plans or common sense, just because they have a big movie star to write and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan explains. That it is a road movie But it is a story that has happened in the wrong direction. Saif Ali Khan plays the role of Jimmy Cliff, the call center manager who has been hired to teach English to Bhaiyyaji. Anil Kapoor, who plays as an ambitious UP gangster Jimmy watched Pooja, the beautiful girl's gangster assistant. (Played by Carina Kapur) who uses Jimmy to cheat her boss from Rs. 25 million. Ruthie is determined to recover his money and punishes both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji persuades the trusted counterparts. Most of his work So you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the faithful assistant of a gangster from Kanpur, who follows the villain and recovers the stolen money that is hidden in the length and width of the country. Together threadbare script that is centered on the feud plot But the treatment is too high, so relieving that it has failed to create any connections. Instead of a screenplay that is linked or a traditional three-scene structure, you will get a scene that is mostly loosely built. The flashy item in the desert, a bullet action scene, dodging at Fort Raja, a bikini location at the time of Kareeena's bikini, although the ridiculous action action scenes are finished. Pointing with Shaolin monks. Tonga that is driven by Dhanno horses in all fairness, not all of the parts that are made out very badly - the music items in the desert are quite neat - but it has very little meaning in the whole picture because you just got from One piece to another without Really help from the script What little do you expect in a road-paced movie that seems to find a song that captures the gruesome emotional sentiment about a childhood lover? You see that the problems of Tashan are not related to this movie. Moreover, I do not think that they will be taken care of either. - The movie has arrogance. Unintentionally contain elements of all types, stop and see if the ingredients work or not. Tashan is like a stew that is too ripe, has a movie that kills you softly, and there is a Tashan movie that kills you with a huge amount. too The exotic locations and fancy dresses in every frame of the movie should have a combined cost. But it still feels like a hollow piece at the end because the story doesn't hold The lecture on the loan from Tarantino and the style from Stephen Zhou didn't help because they didn't mix with the thin wafer. Some people might complain less if the characters are more charming but Hinglish dialogue The horror of Anil Kapoor makes you want to sharpen your wrists and Saif Ali Khan stumbles upon a stupid movie unable to find his feet. Kareena Kapoor At the same time, the queen of the elite delivery Yom served well But of course, if Tashan was rescued, he would have to thank Akshay Kumar for being irresistible and approaching his own character. You flatter when he puts his target over and over again and you scowl when he shows two meaningful conversations. But you can't take your eyes off the screen while he is there. Good music from Vishal-Shekhar song looks like they are expanding your misery only That's because Tashan is testing your patience. In case you don't know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say that this movie doesn't have
