Masters of Horror: The Screwfly Solution began when America was infected with an airborne virus that affected the male population when men were awakened to kill any woman in the name of God. Scientist Alan (Jasn Priestley) has been in the government & knows more. & Feels that the situation may go too far, so he tells his wife Anne. (Kerry Norton) takes teenage daughter Amy (Brenna O'Brien) & tries to survive because the future of the human race may depend on them ... <br /> <br /> Co-production The American version of this episode is the 7th episode of Season 2 of the Masters of Horror series directed by Joe Dante. I think the Screwfly solution is quite bad. I think the episode by Sam Hamm is terrible. It takes itself too seriously. & I don't really understand why it's part of the Masters of Horror series, the horror that filmmakers made in The Screwfly Solution is about. True self & themes & ideas. It presents more than on screen horror images, especially the thin ecological text that sees the intention of colliding our throat whenever given the opportunity. During the short 60, strange work time, which I feel myself a problem Just finished from what can be easily interpreted as being more necessary than any meaningful attempt to summarize. I am not happy with the inconsistency of the story as well, if a man kills only when having sexual intercourse, why does the flight attendant destroy the woman's neck on the plane? Is he sexually stimulated? I don't think Why do all the bloggers think he killed in the name of God? I can't see all the bloggers on the planet. Suddenly knowing that the Bible & began to believe in God, I just discovered a ridiculous idea and the act also clearly stated that there was no religion about what happened. So what deal with everyone? Is there a God who will kill the women they see? So is there a reality that people are exposed to by things like gays? Will they kill men instead of women? I know there are short scenes that make jokes a joke. But it was easily rounded to one side and then there was something that annoyed me the most The fact that every person on this planet has become psychotic and kills all the women they go about in their daily business, like nothing happens, it feels foolish, planning is rubbish and rounding things. Various are taken from the rejected episode of The X-Files (1993 - 2002) with bright neon aliens. <br /> <br /> Director Dante in this performance is definitely not qualified as Teacher The horror as I It is a very silly story, considering that it is straightforward to play, and instead of trying to create a proper horror show, he turns into a thriller rather than a serious virus in a loose situation. Run because it has very little here in what I would call horror powerful and less blood. There was a scene when a woman was stabbed in a bottle with a short scene after a man stabbed his groin with a bottle. The other woman was stabbed in the stomach. But nothing is written at home. <br /> <br /> Technically, just like the other episodes, it's very good & doesn't look like a cheap TV series. Special tricks are as usual and well done. That show is okay. But no one really stands out. <br /> <br /> The Screwfly Solution is the most scary scene of the Masters of Horror I've ever seen. But remember that I didn't see them all ... also as part of a stand-alone entertainment. It didn't do anything for me. & As an actor called Master of Horror it made me Even more disappointed
