Superman II - The Richard Donner Cut is probably the dream of a true fan. Recently, images that were only seen in the photos and scenes contained in the printed pages will come back to life again. The director who cannot complete his vision will have the opportunity to see his vision back. It looks like a win-win situation. Then you start watching this video and you know "Hidden secrets" is a true nightmare of sloppy and incompetent. While it is entirely possible that the movie cannot compete with the complete model that each of us has imagined over the years, it is exciting to see this project in the end. And only a few times. <br /> <br /> You know that things are shaky when the message on the first screen looks like home computer graphics. But then we began to see new images (alternatives from Superman - The Movie for experimentation) and the first slight hesitation faded away. Hey, this is quite neat! Things are good for these little fleeting moments until we see images from the STM mixed with new effects for this project, and it's not believable. And from this point on it never gave up It may be wrong to judge the movie because the visual effects are not good. But when this happens, direct tracking to movies with tagline is "You believe that men can fly." It's hard to believe. The best impact on this matter comes from the original production. <br /> <br /> Another problem with this new cut. Most of it is not reasonable. The only reason that really works is that we all see the drama version of Superman II, which is the reasonably Superman II movie of Leicester. Fill it in the hole of this series. Partly because Donner didn't finish filming, the other part might be because the creator of this project intended to use Leicester material as little as possible. In the end, what we do is assembling the footage that makes Superman IV look airy and harmonious. <br /> <br /> After watching this, you will get the feeling that while Leicester is honest and comfortable in Using Donner's material, Michael Thau and the team insulted everything that Leicester filmed. The best scenes in The Donner Cut are quite complete scenes from the retail version of Superman II. Which includes the sequence of the moon and the sequence of non-ironic foodies. Both were filmed by Donner, but other things from the movies shot by Leicester were corrected again in a hurry which now makes it Leicester looks like a hammam, not knowing anything. While Leicester praised the material of Nirner Leicester here, it would be thrown under the bus. <br /> <br /> So what is good in this model? Marlon Brando is in there and looks neat. In fact, watching the content shot by Donner is complete because it was all filmed at the same time as Superman - The Movie, but that only focused on the problems of this model. Marlon Brando) will receive better service when the scene is completed in the deleted scenes (They choose to use many familiar scenes) Sloppy editing and bad decisions. <br /> <br /> See the opening scene at Daily Planet. Why do we look back at Jackie Cooper as he calls Lois? and Clark? At the end, why do we have Lois walking into her dark apartment to be followed by Jackie Cooper walking into the dark bathroom, turning on the lights? At first I was confused because I expected to see Lois. The whole set is full of such dubious choices. <br /> <br /> The battle scenes are also messy. It is a random action. Of course, the main action scenes were shot by Leicester and his content was used as a bridge to the next scene of Donner's successive scenes or alternate scenes. They should use Leicester's image more. But may be too proud to accept that. <br /> <br /> The carelessness extends to military missiles as well. The missiles shown in The Donner Cut have the name "XK 10" as we all know it is "XK 101"! Blind man in STM knows that! This manufacturer, who tried hard to honor the original film, released the ball for less than five minutes and the error indicates the quality of the entire production. For the care that should be taken from this product, the final product has an inevitable tiring air. <br /> <br /> The whole story may be easier to digest if Warner doesn't make it. Separated here in the United States As is, we expect to pay for what is a special bonus sheet of the deleted scenes with options. "Play all" is worth it to watch only once so we can see the scenes that are cut in the legend. But after the first look, I expect this to be a wonderful magnet for dust and other things. I know after my experience of watching this I have a new respect for the version of Leicester. It's not perfect. But Leicester realized the flaws that were in this remarkable chapter, with brave relief. He tried to make movies that have been entertaining for many years and will continue to do so while this new movie will be remembered as a footnote in that film history.
