OK, so I heard about Justin Timberlake's new movie that is being shown. I mean great actors like The Freeman, also known as Morgan Freeman, which is the property of Hollywood, but completely lost in this movie. From then on, we have Kevin Spacey, whom I have been a big fan for ever since I watched American Beauty and The Usual Suspects. Both of these great actors may sign a contract with this movie by thinking of it. It's a great movie that I do when I hear the story. Then enter the new Justin Timberlake. I said that faced with freshness, because this is his first movie and those rotten tomatoes haven't hit him. The reason I might add is because no one has ever watched this movie or even read this review. This movie was terrible when I entered the first 15 minutes of it. The characters have the same dimension that makes some Bible characters look like Don Corleone. They have one ocean and something worth the bite. Black token (LL COOL J) who lives with a beautiful woman whom he will not be part of in real life The captain is a short lazy person who speaks with a high tone. And what the crappy movie will complete without becoming more heroes because of the experience Hmm, and a lot of light guns. I mean a lot of spoilers (not !!!). This kind of firearm lets everyone in the winding police forces and the heroes win. They have a flame firing machine and no rocket launchers. <br /> <br /> If you want to see Edison because you are a big fan of the actor or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, all 13 year old girls are out. There is fun !! I hope I will have more hands because then I will have more thumbs because this movie is terrible because then I can lift my finger down many times when the thumb doesn't mean anything because This movie is terrible because it's terrible. It makes me laugh out of frustration about the story because it will not end because the shooting and shouting occur. <br /> <br /> May G * D may have compassion for all of us and help us. To be able to escape from these movies. It may be the worst, horrible actor. RNB The singer who turned out to be an awesome actor is Usher. Try it in THE MIX lol or even try rich or die. Let's see, 'Now, what is special? About this movie is that it has more than 30 years old boys playing as 16 children or younger teenagers. I can go with these things.
