I think it's about time when I let it out. Today, Pokemon fans are suffering in America. Why? Because we rely on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment To deliver our favorite series and movies They performed well in bringing the fun and magic of the Japanese version to television. And what are their problems when talking about movies Actually, now I have watched all three Pokemon movies in Japanese and I will definitely see the fourth movie. They are great movies. They are all fun and fun to watch. And after seeing the Pokémon 2000 in the cinema, I couldn't help but wondering if these American producers read the Japanese script. The appearance looks like they read and saw something that said `Put empty virtue here 'With a large letter that must face It seems like that when they use the same excellent polishing method that is used in MSB (violent satire there) and create this shit. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler that is Go from here I guess I should talk about Pichu's adventures. My first catch with this thing came with no subtitles. I guess they have bad comments in the Pokédex narrative that interferes with Pikachu's holiday and instead of the gentle voice of a woman who appears in Pikachu no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai. They just cut all the narration. together This will not be a problem except one thing. No one understands why Exeggcute didn't let Togepi walk until the end. It is possible for the fans, but I'm not sure that the parents. Then there is a song I can't help but look at it here. Japanese theme music is `Tankentai wo Tsukurou 'and sung by Japanese children. It's fun and fun. This is disgusting. Now, one of my shortest favorites is Kireihana, who is dancing a good song. Enjoy watching. That is a change with Bellossom, one sucker song, but other than that, they all talk pokemon between songs which become scary, annoying and just unnecessary. Oh, then there is Poliwhirl who thinks he is Poliwrath. Do you think the guy who works with These characters will at least learn what they are. In general, not much is able to record this little bad luck, which is very unfortunate when considering its potential. But I still don't experience the worst thing. <br /> <br /> You think the warning signs are clear to me when I get problems with Nintendo Power. For some reason I can't put my faith. In 4Kids and WB, my idea is `Well, they made the first movie But the second story differs according to the theme, so they should do well. 'In my heart I ignored the warning signs found in the cinema when the trailer said, "You believe that one person can make a difference." The way they say that every time I hope this will not become a moral festival, as MSB did at the end of the English version, then Nintendo Power arrived, which I saw all my fears. Recognized in the `The main feature 'The Power of One' At this point, I became more uneasy. `One power! 'Not a good sign However, I still have the wrong belief in the big mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I was truly upset by watching other movies that I loved in Japanese, becoming complete garbage and The most complete I heard comments that said it was better because the morals were more detailed. I saw one point in that because they were not facing this way, repeated over and over again like in MSB. However, it can do more damage than anything else in this movie. First of all, the myth that has been read has changed a bit to read. `The world changed to ash 'ah ha ha ha so ash is the one who is chosen? Whatever, in the Japanese version, residents of Arshia need Pokemon trainers to perform traditional ceremonies. This time he was chosen. The greatest way to do this is to damage Lucia Lugia, one of the coolest characters in the Pokémon film .... When this film about Lugia, Lugia was forced to sit in the back seat. Ash in the scene where they are flying back to the main island. Lugia and Ash are talking about the condition of Lugia's existence. Not that Ash is making all the difference. Overall, in this category, Ash is not the only person who will make a difference because he has received help from many people. <br /> <br /> The other thing is to raise. Furura's flute song is almost Not as sweet and fun as Japanese music. Jirarutan's words allow them to say that his collection `Start with a Mew card? What's worse, Misty's evil is related to the methods of Moltres and Zapdos `Why don't you put it on the Pokéball when you catch it? This is like raising them to be shown 'different from the groaning that he thinks Pokemon is something to collect, such as stamps. If there is a real ransom in this thing, they come from some Team Rocket, pretty funny. Not to make me laugh out loud, but to make me giggle and relieve a little pain in my stomach That was the last American Pokémon movie I could see officially. I imported the third piece and found it very fun. I don't want to see another Japanese movie being destroyed in the same way as the first two stories. I will import one of the four as well. Forget you. Kids WB and 4Kids. You abandoned me for the last time.
