At least my drama group was able to do it. Haha. Of course, I remember watching the grease since I was a little kid, while it was never a musical or my favorite story. It still has a special place in it. My heart because it was so much fun to watch I heard scary things about Grease 2 and that's why I decided not to watch. But my girlfriend said it wasn't bad, and my friend agreed, so I decided to shoot. But I called them and just laughed. First, the plot was totally stolen from the beginning and it wasn't really smart. Not to mention they only use the same character. But there are different names and actors. Tell me Pink Pink and T-Birds continue for many years after the former gang has gone away. Not to mention the creator of the enemy's face around the gee motor. The impressive thing, similar to those in the first movie, just like these T-Birds are just silly and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> One year at Rydell and Music and dance has not stopped But when a new student who was Sandy's cousin came to the scene, he was the love of Stephanie's pink girl. But she must stick to the code at Pink Pink, only to be attached to T-Birds, so the new students decided to practice as T-Bird to win her heart. So he dress up as a rebellious automotive wheel that can ride well and defeat the evil twist from T-Bird's butt kick. But he tells Stephanie who he really is or she will search for herself. ? Try searching for yourself. <br /> <br /> Grease 2 is like a ridiculous TV program that doesn't work. The gang didn't click as well as the first grease, not to mention the return of Frenchy. That was quite stupid and unbelievable because I thought she graduated from Rydell but apparently she couldn't. Music is not a catchy song. I'm glad Michelle can bounce back quickly. But that may be because she is the only person who has the ability in this little, stupid little sequel. I will not recommend this movie other than you are curious, but I warn you. This is just a pathetic effort. To make money from famous musicals <br /> <br /> 2/10
