The delusion in Hollywood that strayed from the sequel resulted in more mistakes than hits for "Godfather II". Everyone has "More American Graffiti's", "Stayin 'Alives," and dozens of Grease 2's. While the original "Grease" movie was not a great movie, the long-term Broadway adaptation of 1977 contained songs that brought the 1960s dance, powerful choreography and amazing actors. Attracted when Paramount started working on the follow-up, the manufacturer was almost empty in every aspect that caused the manuscript to be a bomb Read the script earlier this clearly. Signing the contract Her talents and beauty appear clearly here, and Pfeiffer seems to show disgrace in the infamous dance and the unkind songs she was forced to perform. However, Maxwell Caulfield lacks the ability to show shame and emotion. His starting from the moment of trance to movement What is interesting about romantic Pfeiffer apart from hormones is romance? The tedious mystery will last a long time after the end of the luicu lu lu scene. Lost in bad memories. Only hijacked from veterans such as Eve Arden, Connie Stevens and Sid Caesar with intelligence, although Lorna Luft will rise above the weakest material. <br /> <br /> The examiner complained that because of "Grease 2" always Compared to the original film in short supply However, even in his own condition, the film is a clunker after having a busy amount of space, which clearly shows that all the actors will lose energy. With a few exceptions, the original music is similar to the early 1960s and there is only one nostalgia: "Our Moss Brooks" and "Sid Caesar's Comedy Hour". Comedy depressing and choreography in the movie directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is quite polite. However, worse movies are damaging to viewers and improper sequels will be created as long as the producers try to milk the buck quickly from the blockbusters. Unfortunately, "Grease 2" is not a joke without intention. But the movie attracted the attention of viewers like a bad train wreck. When the body seems to have disappeared, the next scene is thrust into a worse killing.
