Providing budget and limited time for continuous production, Batman and Robin have been positioned near the bottom of the list. "Exciting", totally totally without the style, imagination and atmosphere of the ancestors. In 1943, Batman <br /> <br /> Producer Sam Katzman was known as "King of Quickies" and it looks like Spencer. His director Bennett seems to be more concerned with speed and efficiency than creating excitement. (Unfortunately, this team produced both of Superman serials starring Kirk Alyn with their tasteless flying animation, canned music and boring players). The launch of each chapter will be presented. The taste of things helps Batman "" Batman vs the Wizard "). The incoming music and our two heroes stumble at the camera looking around, whether confused or having trouble seeing. See the halloween mask price clients Batman, the cover of the devil's horn and the eagle's beak suitable for the quality that Stantman had to adjust during the fight scene. His "utility belt" is a crumpled fabric strip without a hole in which he can still pull the mouthpiece and oxygen tube during the critical period. <br /> <br /> In any case, the main player will crash. Robert Lowery shows little or witty charm as Bruce Wayne and does not cut out powerful figures, especially as Batman. He created the impression he wanted to be somewhere! John Duncan, while Robin had a lot of problems in managing his limited conversations, he was too old for this chapter, with an increasing stuntman filling him. Lowery and Duncan are as exciting as the tired businessmen without drinking without the use of chemicals between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the ounce of 1943. > <br /> Even if you don't know the name For the development of Batman characters before that can present more powerful actors. This offers a group that has to go through the movement, not the filmmakers to give much support. Not one of the outstanding hoodlums and they were led by one of the most boring villains ever. "The Wizard" (big name!) In fact, they were led by someone wearing curtains, cloths. Cover the shoulders and sacks on his head with a voice that tries desperately to see danger. "The key suspect" who is the only pesky radio announcer. <br /> <br /> Even the "regular" comic books are still superfluous. It is difficult to distinguish the love between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne, even though she faces danger. But Vicki doesn't show any emotions. Commander Gordon isn't too bright. Unlike in the previous series, Alfred the Butler is just walking on, which is the most important line. "The residence of Mr. Wayne." They are the props for pulling out the inconsistent plot of finesse, carrying on with uninteresting songs, repetitive music and hand production designs. Amateur The exterior of Wayne's mansion is similar to a suburban middle class house in any sitcom. The interior of a cheap street motel Batcave is an office that needs to be completely renovated. (The costumes are collected in the filing cabinet!) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the creators cannot devote their efforts to creating exciting adventures. While the availability of both publications on the DVD is an advantage for a serious "Batfan", one should not be deceived by the great illustrations in the box. They captured the true emotions of the comic book more than Batman and all 15 Robin together. <br /> <br /> Now for the good news - this is not the 1997 version!
