Flight of Fury began when General Tom Barnes (Angus MacInnes) conducted an informal flight test of the X-77, a new stealth fighter with the ability to truly see. General Barnes gives the pilot a colonel rapper (Steve Tossen) worked and everything went well until the X-77 disappeared more than Barnes wanted, because Fraser flew to northern Afghanistan, led by Peter Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli), who planned. To use the X-77 to fly to US airspace without detecting & dropping some bombs which will kill a large number of people General Barnes was worried about losing his plane and sending a man's army to John Sands. (Writer and producer Steven Segal) to bring it back and kill the bad guys in the process ... <br /> <br This production in America, England and Romania is directed by Michael Keusch and is a movie. The third story that he directed Seagal after the Shadow Man (2006) and Attack Force (2007) is equally scary. Fortunately, people decide that the partnership is not. Working and unsuspecting people received a lot of thanks to the collaboration between these two people. Apparently Flight of Fury is a rework of Black Thunder (1988) starring Michael Dudikoff and many of the same characters, even Share the same name, so the same conversation can not be used by the creator. Must change things such as names, even though I have to admit that I have never seen Black Thunder, so I can't compare the two. Flight of Fury is a scary movie, wasting time and wasting time writing that Seagal specializes in today It's boring, even if it's not slow. The character is bad. It's full of old ideas. Things happen randomly. The plot isn't good. The reasoning behind the incident doesn't exist & it's a lazy production that never lulls. audiences That they are close to Afghanistan or have followed proper military procedures The action scenes are weak and there is no real excitement. The villains are boring like the heroes. & It is there, along with the worst Seagal that has been done. Stock images that are not paired together, the background can change, changing the clothes of people, changing the sky and the quality of the movie suddenly changes due to the obvious that we are watching clips from other (better) married movies. In Hell, Hell Seagull never went anywhere near the plane. Action scenes consist of filming, so it's hard to tell who is who and of course the Seagal people are destroying weapons. All production feels very cheap & very low. <br /> <br /> IMDb thinks that this has a budget of about $ 12,000,000, which I think is all garbage. I mean, if all the money goes away? Although located in Afghanistan, which is a barren desert, Flight of Fury looks like it's filmed in my forest. But actually it was shot in Romania and the Romanian countryside, not making Afghanistan clear. The performance was terrible as expected. & Seagal watched the dub again. <br /> <br /> Flight of Fury is a boring action movie that is boring, amateur, and is a newly created movie for the next scene. Go Another lazy action thriller produced by Seagal. Why do I have to bother anymore?
