Steven Seagal, the personality of this time, is the greatest stealth pilot in the United States, which promises to forgive the army (.. who tries to sweep his memories at the beginning of the movie he escaped after being captured later If they were able to successfully infiltrate the terrorist base in northern Afghanistan, run by a group called Black Sunday, who controlled the air force's smuggling forces, thanks to the traitors of the people. American Along with fellow pilots who admire the traitor, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to the enemy's territory, assisted by his Arab lover Jessica (Ciera Payton) and independent fighter Rojar ( Alki David) Once they were on the ground, Jannick was kidnapped by the Black Sunday leader, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female Enforcer. Eliana (Katie Jones) and Sands must figure out a way to not only But received the command of a stealth fighter But also helping him too And perhaps Sand can take revenge on the traitor he practiced Rather (Steve Toussaint) in the Sands process. There were 72 hours before the Navy pilots dropped bombs throughout the area. Black Sunday armed with explosives in the hope of causing an explosion in the United States. <br /> <br /> Seagal had a chance to shoot the Afghans when he didn't cut his neck with a knife. The film is mainly a machine gun, shot and dead body. The setting of Afghanistan does not depend on the investigation (.. and whether Seagal and the company can move the area without being easily detected) and the plot itself has nothing to write to the house. Editing the movie quickly and the camera is quite jerky. Seagal doesn't use the hero like he used to be, and his action scenes have been tightly fixed, which we have a difficult time seeing him get rid of enemies like no other. Good old days One of Seagal's worst attempts, and he is an easy-to-understand person (not a compliment). More frustrating is the fact that Seagal has never fought to fight the chief villain of the film. He did not hold the wrist or broken neck in the way he saw (.. sure we saw a little similarity of some tools that were thrown around, but it wasn't as clear as I liked it because the filmmakers made the corrections Fast and dizzying closeup)
