After a terrifying attack force, Seagal's chances are only the same as Flight Of Fury. To go out, attack will do something. Flight Of Fury is a remarkable improvement overall. But still in a great form of mediocre thought Ordinary people seem to be the success of Seagal. Today, a deep understanding of his film career that has been reduced to Attack Force is a hodge-podge of plot lines that have changed dramatically from the idea of ​​filming. Production of Flight Of Fury makes plot lines easier Some people steal high-tech stealth fighters, planning to use them to shoot chemical weapons. (Which we later found strange to destroy the whole world in 48 hours) Seagal had to take the plane back It's easy to have no annoying subplots and conspiracy to make this movie too much like his latest work. That is not to say that storytelling is good. But it is quite bad The introduction of the side character is not good. For example, <br /> <br /> In terms of FOF movies, it's not good. It's a bad act that everyone involved and Seagal is almost bored. He just saw a toddler who was forced to show the school's nativity with his intentions and acted with feigning and a half-constant air. Can we blame Seagal when the content isn't ambitious and rude? Not really. This is the last film of his studio studio Castel Studio. The producer can't pay attention to doing anything good at a distance, with a contract of $ 12 million and (After the Siegel had a burden of 5 million), it should be able to strengthen itself. (If the film is made 7 million, the rest I am Elvis Pressley!) So in the sense that Seagal should use the effort in the movie that has been arranged before doing, even though Fan may argue. But at least he owes them He looks serious and boring, and the use of indonesia and continuous dubbing is an indication of this. Michael Keusch directed effectively while the movie is quite good, but in every technical aspect (and as usual with the team Castel Expressing the ability to standardize the depression), no more than ordinary movies, and there is nothing to help the film over the material and Bored of leading men There are a few action scenes that focus on the characters other than Seagal. In fact, we don't want to see <br /> <br /> Overall, the action is not bad. It is good and serious, and sometimes we get the nasty defeat from Seagal. But nothing special Partly due to the poor dwarf team and not having the time to shoot anything complicated or too exciting for me, Shadow Man is a more enjoyable movie because while ignoring the continuity, confusion, plot The plot has more ancient Seagal moments. He has never disappeared for a long time. In the movie, Seagal disappeared strangely during the action scenes here and again appeared. A little explanation Too many stock videos are being used. Using stock shots is not a scary matter. But using it as a crutch We have received countless care in creating the image of a naval vessel at all times annoying. Including the continuation of stock videos all over the place (Just check the background, shuffle and change) <br /> <br /> This movie is in the middle of the road. It said that everything that the best scenes of the film were completely unnecessary and free of charge in the scene of a girl with two chicks. Seagal also received a brief summary as well! Overall, this may be one of the better stocked filmmakers. But didn't say much This will make many fans satisfied, but they should consider themselves. Seagal may want to forget their existence. **
