It is said that "The town on the hill can't hide itself" and the city of Virginia, Nevada, is located on the bank of Davidson Mountain at 6200 feet west of Tahoe. It is an excellent example or in the context of the movie. Virginia City exploded in the dream of Americans when gold and silver occurred in the same year as the civil war. It is the birthplace of the Dean of the American alphabet. It was the point that a young journalist named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and became a famous American writer. It is also the source of the great Hearst fortune and the John McKay missile launcher, which became the richest man in America, the world's third richest man. Hey, they should make a movie about him! In the 1860s Virginia CIty was a thriving city of flourishing cities, which were once home to a large bonanza, the largest "metropolis" area west of St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (film) thinks about the whole thing and is about a fight between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Capt. Kerry Bradford, a union officer at Is a prisoner in a concentration camp run by a Confederate military commander named Capvance Erby, played by Scott These two are always approaching each other. Bradford escaped and tried to stop the delivery of gold bars to "trap" out of the VC by anyone other than .. Irby! "Hey, he's doing something here!" Scary. Bogart is a ridiculous Mexican thief who can't judge who he is. Miriam Hopkins plays an offensive character named "Julia Hayne", which is a historical story that Julia Bulette, the first girl in the city, in real life, is a famous prostitute. She went to Washington and spoke about Abe faithfully about the treatment of BRADFORD (not Irby) from hanging and blah blah blah to think they should hang writers in "real life". Twain reported that on the last day of the sun war That falls to the American flag on top of him Davidson appeared to the residents who were baffled by a strange fire like a movie. Three days later, they discovered that on that day the south surrendered. One of the strangest things to do in this movie is the way Alan and Gui Williams catch a gun to carry a gun forward when they shoot like fishing or trying to make a fast bullet. up Not a bad idea for movies. The same stupidity is caused by bubbles and corn throughout the movie. Gosh, how do they miss the gold craze? Collecting wealth, fighting with guns in the silver mine, Mark Twain leaves the city and defeats after a winding railway showdown. Artemis Opera House Funeral ward of Bulette Chinese tongs, black, auction.? All this high on the mountains surrounded by the desert? The truth is not true. Does the great wealth of it result in the massive destruction of the Americans? If you count this movie, it wouldn't be the first thing to come out of Virginia. It was a disappointment for the fans in Virginia because of thinking of what made this city. "City of Illusions" where evil flows from the ground .. Okan, then it's a fun movie Flynn and the gang are always excellent, no matter what history they destroy. If Flynn is playing with my rotten self, I will double my ranking.
