Totally ridiculous If you know anything about poker, you will find it shocking. But also entertained because it was innocent The fool who made this movie was clearly very religious and knew a little about poker games. But I wonder if he has played more than 3-6 (I think he still doesn't know about playing golf). I have seen better production in class. Intro to Film I attended the first year of film school. The actors to watch in this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen and the unbeatable loser in poker. Everyone is a wood like it used to be, such as a bad porn actress. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The guy who started the movie with the opening episode is the only reason the movie made him. railbird that doesn't play poker and never has a conversation But the actors are people who clearly pay for the movie. I can't think of losing useless money more than this man uses in this pointless production. It is appropriate that he has such a useless role. <br /> <br /> There is very little poker in this movie. Most of the time it takes useless characters, whose plans are not resolved at the least level. Queen Momma has a scene where she throws her loser boyfriend through the window and tries to shoot his brain out. Anonymous Arabs in convenience stores have excellent performances when they debate whether or not to kill or kill an old woman who robbed them. Their delicate performances are easily highlights of the movie. It makes you wonder why they make these white people play as leaders. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the complete nonsense plan 9 from the outside world is slightly more consistent. If you play poker though, you may want to laugh. In addition, if you are a Christian, you may enjoy the heavy religious dialogue that pepper the movie is like a pointless pepper. I hate movies created by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about what they don't know It's a sad story that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen are involved in this imitation because I can't think of it. They have to be jealous of Johnny Chan who participated in the competition.
