Let you enter the world of this movie in a second, so you can understand the type of movies we are doing here. <br /> <br /> Edison is one of those very stupid movies that the bad guys. And his followers have Releasing 50,000 bullets, shooting at good people behind walls and pillars, yelling at them and then finding good people face to face and instead killing him ...... instead of losing someone who made you Very sad .... instead of just walking up and pop! ..... What will you do? The bad guy ..... He spoke to him. He grabbed the good man and talked to him while holding a gun. They have nothing to talk about! Shoot him! Shoot him now! But he said to him anyway. Oh, in the end, the newspaper said "PULITZER PRIZE WINNER STORY RIGHT HERE" or something on the top of the page when it was the first time the story was published. So in heezy opinion, someone wins it. Pulitzer fast? Yes, do you know those stupid movies? Yeah, that's Edison for a short time. <br /> <br /> You will get Mr cool Morgan Freeman and Kevin Spacey, who have strong eyes that both of them live. LL Cool J who pretended to be a character. Every moment of the movie Offered to his girlfriend in a damn nightclub, all the places and who the last line "Duck" is something from a movie, a deadly weapon that has never been made ... and Justin Timberlake whining and throws the story Nonsense every time he speaks. The only bright spot is Dylan McDermott, who is crazy about creating the impression "Denzel from Training Day" at his best, which is very fun. <br /> <br /> Oh yes. This movie is absolutelyEh, something about the scandal involving the special police officers wearing Edison's name in the city "FRAT (I swear I didn't do this), which is probably the SWAT's clear play. However, Justin Timberfrog Broke the rules after the murder involving two unofficial police officers from the FRAT, and he quickly rushed to find the story, trusted by his boss (Freeman) all the way while they both released the big things Blah. It's like a short summary about Pelican Pelican. Half day training, slow pacing and closing the script is very scary and the performance doesn't This received great leap it anywhere without having to hang around. Everyone in this movie didn't think anything crazy. Stupid movies became difficult to write any criticism for this story because this movie lost my brain in the second that it ended ... not lying by. General do not waste your time!
