They will have to draft this plot for the filmmakers to wander to every Hollywood bus station. Then they fill in the spaces and determine their stories in a city with a country or a slum that they just arrived. You know for sure what the film is about from the opening of the four young people playing. Slow motion images with grainy images with voice narration The next stop after the bus station had to buy a stock photo of four young men playing in a small grainy movement. When they grow up, it's easy to see the writer / director of the four people. He was a quiet, thoughtful and long-haired man who had never seen before, without his hidden book in his pants. Which means that his excellent writing talent will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. There is only writing or acting talent here. And if you still can't think of who he is, this is a hint: his director and character have the same middle name It took more than an hour to understand that these twenty people should still be in high school. What appears to be a prison is a high school. The jailer becomes the headmaster. Once again, the poor and misguided rebels can beat everyone in the film on the sidewalk, murder and plunder. But had no power to stand up to his alcoholic father How about bouncing children like you do others? Many fist fight scenes without clear objectives. The conversation is not good. Many scenes do not focus. Comic characters emerge continuously as small players and special people, unintentionally pulling laughter from the premiere audience. In the end And if you do not speak your own important speech or slow motion scene, just listen to the music you hear It will bless you and what you should feel. Poor Marisa Ryan will have to accumulate many frequent miles as she travels around the country working in these amateur regional movies. The biggest sin is that the audience should feel sympathy for the children who shot the old woman running to the puppy that was chained to the robbery and thief tree all the time complaining about the sad and sad life. We can leave this town outside and go to college. Yes, that's the ticket. Why do every twenty filmmakers believe that his life is so important that the world can't wait to see it on the screen? If this film is autobiographical as it appears, then the author should look over his shoulder to find a police officer with an arrest warrant for refugees.
