Strange than FICTION made me very angry. I applied for IMDb to write this review. Strangers than fiction are complex movies, surprising, impressive and inviting to the end. When you suspend the logic many times (why Ferrell wouldn't hear Emma Thompson 10 years ago when she started writing her book? "The phone is ringing, the phone rings again." She doesn't know if he is calling someone, etc. Hoffman recommends, in particular, to entertain former English majors. And Maggie Gillenhal is always happy, even though Will Ferrell may be an ax killer like a failed spirit. Her fast trust towards him is a great leap of faith. <br /> <br /> Ah, but the ending until the end I will give 9 out of 10 stars in this movie. The movie is a metaphor for the journey of life in order to praise the idea of 'True writing' as a reminder that great literature is a joke or a tragedy. But not both All the movies make the audience understand and accept Will Ferrell's fate, and no matter how cute he becomes, we know why we accept the ending. The latest action occurs, the screen will be white, credit roll. The deep and powerful end of the perfect movie The end that should be debated for several weeks. <br /> <br /> Not !!!!!!!!!! No accumulated credits Said that it was not so Assuming that Hollywood doesn't stick to another 10 minutes of crap that destroys the integrity and heart of the movie. Dustin Hoffman was right when he said "It's not a masterpiece anymore. It's ok." The right comment of the movie. Except for me it is not okay I'm very angry about the betrayal of 'True writing' about the decision to follow the movie. In fact, I cried out with an angry tears. Explain this while traveling home from the movie. I usually don't cry I don't care about most movies. But I'm still angry with this story. <br /> <br /> My question for the writer Zack Helm is: Does the original movie end when the screen is white? And you are forced by the ridiculous movie power - is that to deal with death, the infidelity of the core of the movie? Or you tack the maudlin that ends up with yourself? I read you. Excellent. I hope your original script will end the movie for the first time. <br /> <br /> I know that Zack Helm won't see this review and I can't find a contact for him to ask himself, but please my movie goers. Is the only person who feels this way about strangers than fiction? One good thing came from me when watching this movie: I admire LOST IN TRANSLATION twice now.
