When Sam Peckinpah, the ultimate THE THE BUNCH BUNCH (1969) opens the door to a violent performance of graphic theater violence. It does so with a talented hand. (If fermented whiskey) Navigate the camera and have an interesting story with characters that have real depth. But soon there were scores of imitators that were far from the benchmark set by Peckinpah's epic and the BLUE soldiers were in that category. Of course, <br /> <br /> BLEW Uh soldiers BLUE tell the story. Of the evil - New Yorker Cresta Lee (Candice Bergen), a hippie proto-blonde chick who was "saved" from a two-year imprisonment in Cheyenne and is now sent to the fortress where she will be reunited. Only with her fiance Want to marry for his money In addition, on the car board she is traveling is the government's gold transport. The cash that Cheyenne needs to buy a gun, too The only cavalry that survived, calling Gant from the nickname "Soldier Blue" Cresta, shows that her past years of "savages" were better spent than defeating the Gant in skill. Take Life, common sense and true ball and travel to the fortress element, Kiowa's group that is unfriendly, unscrupulous traders? Played by Donald Pleasance, here gives one of the most ridiculous performances and he is saying something ?? And in the tradition of many Western romantic comedians, before <br /> <br /> while they were in bad conditions and predicted ?? Attract each other and ultimately get it While Gant had a gunshot wound that had just received a new treatment that was cleaned through his legs. In what is certainly a cave that is conveniently located for at least twelve miles, the radius is not filled with rattlesnakes, mountain lions, or anyone who knows what to say of Cheyenne, who will do something really beautiful. With Primo Apartments (go there, think about the NYC real estate again) <br /> <br /> When realizing that their love cannot grow outside the cave, Cresta leaves Gantt. And go to This came on their own, only to discover that people with mental retardation can not trust the two men so they could rescue Gant; The troops needed all available personnel to attack the nearby Cheyenne village and when Cresta received the wind, then she overtook his nasty husband and made a straight line to Cheyenne to warn them that they were about to be born. What's up? <br /> What happens next is what makes this movie embarrassing. It turned out that misadventures Strangest and all the quarrels are only leading to the ugly repercussions of the brook massacre. In 1864, Sand Creek, rape, torture and sadistic wickedness, iniquity on behalf of And nearly forty years after the release, this sequence still disturbs and nauseates for true cruelty Children were trampled under a horse hoof that had been charged or plugged into a bayonet. People without weapons were cut off? Good results I have to accept ?? The woman was robbed and carried by a gang of slaughtered reptiles and raped and disfigured? In a truly disgusting case, a naked woman fights too much, so her rapist decides to cut her chest, which we are grateful to see at the beginning before the camera moves to other horrifying events. And the scores of innocent people were shot and fragmented. Their parts were plugged into a spear and waved to celebrate the victory or kept as the most scary gift. No jokes, this scene will be rated NC-17 immediately today to say that there is nothing that will encourage Native American interest groups to riot in the streets in an incredibly exploited manner. Appears. <br /> <br /> Everybody loves Westerners who are not ashamed to show the way of winning or stolen western ways if telling the truth. But this movie has no idea what this movie will be. One minute, it is a foolish narrative about how to treat the natives completely (like DUH!). Then it was a very light fight of sex that Cresta proved himself five times that Gant's men were and managed to look hot in Red calico poncho (Without underwear) but everything went out of the window when Donald Pleasance appeared with a pair of false teeth with unintentional dentures and our heroes had to figure out how to Fleeing from his killing hand in an endless subplot, all of which led to the apocalyptic apex of the above mentioned Any one of those groups will be okay for tacks of film together, but the result is a messy slapdash that milks the horrors of the last ten minutes for them. There is value in promoting movies and posters. <br /> < br /> But by trying to be all things to the audience, BLUE soldier became a continuous preacher and preached Mulligan Stew of good political correctness. But if they tell the story of Sand Creek Massacre, it's a good idea to have some Indian characters that are more than just a walk with Murphy Brown, who acts as their mouthpiece? We will certainly know that there are no people who have been eliminated only because of what appears to be a trick that tempts moviegoers to gorehound to see "the most cruel movie in history". With provocative advertisements and reviews, the shower is almost endless. Praise it for "The courage to say that it is like" Use my words and let the blue soldiers gradually fade into confusion in the cinema.
