Although I don't have any worldly ideas about what to expect from this movie. In any way, because hell is not something I would imagine in my heart. When I heard about existence, what I knew was that I had to be the owner of the movie. Please be sure to see the copy under the alternate name, Island Fury. Looking back, I think I can call it a losing situation. On the other side, I am not yet known as the person who owns the movie, Please Don't Eat The Babies, and on the other hand, Island Fury reveals himself to be a scary, pointless and boring person. Garbage that cannot be checked. Yes, lost. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure if they're coming here. The worst of the early 1980s with flash backs that may be longer than the actual flashback. First of all, two teenage girls are being chased by two gangsters who were caught when the villains brought our attention to us that a girl had a coin on her rope around her neck. There are more coins hidden on an island. And this is where things start to be strange. They know that children go to the island many years ago when they are only 10. I think this should mean that women should know that this alleged property is straight. So now we are in the past while the girls try to step back on their steps, so these bad guys will not kill them even though I don't mind if they have. In a flashback, a 10-year-old colleague is traveling on a boat with their sisters and their girlfriends. Finally, they stop at an island to breathe the air. They mingle with their children and grandparents. Any suspicion or reason to watch never appear. But the thing that is back is better than the current, undeniably, which still does not say much. <br /> <br /> At that moment I forgot about The original story at one point, I think maybe the director too, and when the backward end is the end, which will work for me because this disappointment will be shortened by half an hour. This ridiculous movie in a ridiculous movie ends in the end, and the real story takes place, but it's stupid. I guess I don't expect movies that are filled with babies that are swallowed or something like that. But I expect the style of B-Entertainment In most countries, it is only a story that is confusing and not understandable. Not sure. My advice is to find something worthwhile like Attack Of The Beast Creatures. If anyone I would recommend this person to a movie collector. B-serious that requires all of them. Anyone interested may have brain damage. What really makes me realize that I don't know why they call it Please Don't Eat The Babies 3/10
