When the film of the book seems ineffective and incomprehensible, the reason can be found in the book incessantly: whether it is the beginning or not, which points can be easily interpreted or the movie is missed. Most often of these results and the easiest things to happen, especially when the issue is not clear, the book "Morvern Callar" has a point; Every book reader will have to feel this way and feel as though he has received it. But I suspect that most of them cannot be identified as words I'm not sure I can do it myself. But may be this or something like that: things come, things are life, but we continue Or at some level of ours - people like Morvern-do. There is no doubt that more diligent critics can create enough definitions. But the important fact is that there is a point - it may be the sum of the whole story as a point - and this will be important to follow and implement in order to change the story into a movie. The creator of this film clearly missed the point and didn't replace herself. So this movie is nothing. <br /> <br /> This is not a normal complaint for lovers of books that his favorite messages have been violated. The advantage of this book is that I accept reluctantly: in reading books, I find that it is annoying, bloody, and an opportunity to kick the composer in the pants and make him finish the job. The lecture should be half Morver's work that has been studied. But the illusion was eliminated by more than ten different types of literature, as if the author was stabbing her pen; There is an inconsistency of the pattern and tone as if having different parts together at different times and any conclusions I can access about Morvern remain uncertain because it is uncertain which implies that the author Intended and that he could not. For example, even though Morvern had his own character as a raver, I was wrong that she was still essentially A Scottish girl who is skilled at work and downloading her songs is not much different from the past? In any case, despite the irritation from the author But I can't deny that his book is stuck with me And what I can't do from my head is the attitude of her corner character on the planet, which is almost as bright as the painting. Goya Morver is a type of person who often faces situations at the same time, quite funny and scary Sometimes she invites them. But often they land on her like flies, so most of her life consists of a kind of gauche, but the grace that longs for - through, unconscious practice and philosophy without knowing - and that does not begin to explain that Enough. The complexity of the event and the response of Morvern is the content of this book and its success in revealing the existence of the sector. It would be difficult Significant to illuminate otherwise. For all the books I don't like, I can see this. <br /> <br /> Morvern, which describes only the movie's Morvern; Or if most of her will be kept outside the screen The actress who may be suitable for the character if she is the right age at the right time is Angharad Rees from the TV series "Poldark". Then Samantha Morton looks like a good actor: she is quite the same type of actress. And in one of her previous films, "Jesus Christ". She has played as a girl with a little modification. Unfortunately, this movie appeared. She had no character from this book to play. For one thing, this book is something that, if it is made into a drama, almost cries out to collect by the main character for the audience; Without comment, her voice, the story is not meaningful. It has lost more than ever when the adapter has eliminated the elements of cartoons and horrible things: the most memorable events from this book are diminished before they are frustrated. Also disappeared and the event had no reason to stay on the matter anymore In the short term, the producer chose to use some reason to change the novel that is sleek and fast on television, art and as a general image of Mrs. Morton in the shadow of art. As if Morver was out of the house, signed to tour the Cross Station This is not what this book or the Morvern of this book is about. Another movie Morvern is not a Scotsman. (The actor said in an interview that she didn't have time to study the accent) and she should be: It's important that you, your family, and your friends. From one place And finally, this movie disappeared from the end of the story: Morvern used everything she had and returned home to darkness. Ice: Winter, cold dams, power all gone and dark pubs. Erase this and delete all the rest. The remaining thing is a failed art film, dead movie, a story that has precise strength in her denial or native incompetence.
