This show is a perfect example of how CBC should adhere to sports news or comedy sketches. As a comedy developer, CBC has shown that it can blend the pizazz of "King of Kensington" with the belly laugh of "The Beachcombers". It's a shame for a great performance like "Kids in the Hall "and" Second City "where they have to share their funny roots and the creation of this disabled person. <br /> <br /> I must admit that I do not accept Gave this opportunity a lot when I first heard the concept In the beginning, half the concept was a direct effort to cut down on one of the few sitcoms in British-Canadian history. "Corner Gas" The rest of the concept - cultural conflict - is far from Original and often used as a crutch for screen writing Choosing a Muslim religion is the basis for the character. "Fish out of the water" seems to be a great effort to be "frustrated" and "only" but forced to leave. Some jokes around the local reaction to newcomers are cringe and insulting the intelligence of everyone involved, especially the audience. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of CBC. Not "getting" when talking about creating Canadian content, especially when presenting Canada in a multicultural environment Cultural diversity in Canada does not need to be presented in a serious and forced manner. It will be a refreshing change when seeing CBC introducing a variety of television programs without making the whole program about such diversity. I wonder if CBC has enough sitcoms to pull something deeper. Can compare with the variety that appears in Corner Gas - i.e Aboriginal people are not separated from their species or their heritage used to create stories Their lives and other characters have a harmonious life in a way that makes ethnicity less important than their other personal characteristics. <br /> <br /> Being mentioned This funny water show failed. Weak performances, cartoons walked over the map and the places I saw were far beyond the suspended beliefs, even jokes. The only saving grace is Derek McGrath, who has a terrifying loss here. I suspect that even adding a guest star (such as Colin Mochrie as an English bishop) can help this dog. I decided to give one show when CBC's 'hype' died, but the two episodes were all I could stand for - I almost felt that my brain cells had closed down with each finisher that failed. time The time will be improved by adding Coronation Street, Air Farce re-run or Dr. Who. Even the infomercial will improve.
