At the beginning of the movie, you may check the DVD cover again and read the synopsis twice. But do not worry, not "Memoirs of a Geisha" that you buy is just a movie that has a level with style and style than it is. Even so, the launch was the best thing about the entire film, as it showed that in 1840, the samurai sword master captured his wife's adultery. He decapitates two lovers before doing. hara-kiri (suicide through rituals Today, the American ambassador in Japan welcomes a family of friends and takes them to the same house where the killing occurred almost half a century ago. From now on, this will become a haunted house that seems to flick. But the last script is unbelievable and perfect, still making it quite special. Starting with a good aspect, that is the original Japanese environment and the delicious presence of Susan George, who is my favorite British horror girl of all time. Bad aspects, including non-discrete screenplay, are not too interesting to fix and full of distorted uncertainty that only causes laughter. The unsettled spirit of the house soon began to entertain itself by occupying the body of the new tenant and allowing them to do and say all kinds of crazy things. The spirit of a young woman who was brutally murdered, massacred, especially enjoys squeezing Susan's formidable thief in "possession" status. She also lured American ambassadors out to have sex. In the garden of social gatherings in the upper class Therefore, strictly speaking it is not "Evil" living in the house Just a three-legged ghost with a dirty mind and too much free time in a dead hand! Obviously, these scenes are more funny than horror, especially because the blue and transparent shapes remind you of the cute ghost effects that were later popular in "Ghostbusters" "The House Where Evil Dwells" may be the most scary ghost movie. Most of the time, you will wonder if director Kevin Connor. (Which made a great horror movie "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intended to make his movie funny and unbeatable, such as "Motel Hell". In front of his / her face that is sincere and straightforward, so I think we should do everything seriously and feel disturbed "The house where evil lives" is never suspected or exciting from a distance, and it doesn't have any scary images other than the massacre at first. I know how sound it is. But the two scenes that Susan George does not have the upper part are only true highlights. Those and maybe the invasion of the magic spider and the big spider (Or mobs?) In the daughter's bedroom How are all random and irrelevant methods? If you've ever decided to give this movie, despite having a bad reputation, make sure you leave the feeling and reason on the door. <br /> <br /> A little note for horror: watch the devil-mask. That is an important part of the scenery in Japanese classic horror movies Onibaba
