The film opens with the peace of a traditional Japanese house with a thatched roof on the side of a small hill, and the screen caption appears: 'KUSHIATA KYOTO, JAPAN 1840' Japanese apprentice named Samurai Masanori. (Toshiya Maruyama) walks along the winding path to the house, waiting in the side of Otami (Mako Hattori), where he has a relationship with her husband Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki, while Toshiyuki Sasaki) is a teacher of Masanori Shugoro. The unexpectedly to find his wife and his students are very close together. His honor destroyed the brutal murder of the samurai, both Otami and Masanori, before suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) arrived in Japan on holiday, working with his wife Laura (Susan George) and daughter Amy. (Amy Barrett) Alex Curtis, their close friend (Doug McClour) working for the American consulate to help them by finding accommodation for them. You don't want me anywhere! He joked that it was very cheap because it was haunted by both Ted and Laura laughing because it was clear that they didn't believe in ghosts at least at that time. Almost as soon as the movie enters the cliché mode The lights opened and closed on their own. Laura had an uneasy feeling about the place and the local monks. (Henry Mitova) makes them warn hunchily before they are too late that they don't care. Otami Masanori and Chugoro's souls are fixed for eternity in the walls of the house because the witch Majyo (Tsuyako Olajima) curses them. But there may be a way that they can destroy the curse, bad luck for the Fletcher family, which may cause them to sacrifice their marriage, daughter and even their lives. <br /> <br /> Directed by Kevin Connor. Think that this is a fairly ordinary movie, okay to watch once if you have nothing to do better. But after one or two days, you may forget it all There is nothing trapped in a particularly bad memory. But on the other hand, there is nothing good about it as well. The script by Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is a little boring and strict by - numbers - a lot of ghosts that occur in this movie. But without it interesting or exciting and the characters are flat and Direction does not help anything There are a few sequences that look like giant plastic crabs trying to find Amy and her babysitter Noriko. (Mayumi Ueda) and one scene where Zen Monk expelled the house and the ghost was exiled outside, unable to go back again, that is, until Ted opened the door and they walked back in. Another thing that I think is a good idea to have Doug Mackel, 47, when he does this. Try his hand at Kung Fu and fighting with the sword like the East! George makes her extensive chest a couple of times, including a very strange sex scene with McClure, although the great pain and bedsheets attached to them like super glue are used to make sure there is no Nude on the waist In addition to cutting out most of the screen, most don't have blood, blood, or violence to say about the 'transparent' ghost effects that can be used, but they will not impress many people today. It was created professionally and looks quite good. But the potential in the scenes and legends of Japan was overwhelmed because this movie could be placed in America, England or the West without changing anything. The time waster was OK.
