Oh, dear, what part of this film has been approved by anyone? It's cheese from start to finish. But it is not good even cheese It's the worst and most tasteless cheese, and I can't believe that there is someone who is truly happy. Yes, if you see it with a drunk / drunk friend, some might be funny in a sad way. But for the audience who left the entertainment part alone, when a group of friends said, throwing popcorn and insulting each other and the screen, I watched it with a few laughing guy. There were a few beers. Preparing to laugh at the expectations of this movie, we get shit (lots) but not a chuckle. It doesn't qualify like a terrible movie. It's no good reason for this is very bad (good to see you as a big spoiler): The film starts with a man beating another man to death. Ok, I came late for a few minutes, so not sure why this is so. But I think I understand that "This person is a bad person that you don't want to mess with." The message behind the scenes is ingenious. Oh and there is a man who testifies So we already have our evil villains and have But the good-natured, super-cute Big Sam hero stepped into the scene as usual, recording good guys in the normal way, only the bad action movies that could be achieved, such as the hero survived the gunshot. Everyone is in trouble. The first pit plot plot Sammy has blood, however, knowing where this man is, or he looks at the murder. Perhaps this is the answer to the question related to the plot of my hole. Explained in 2 minutes before I entered the theater, but I doubt I would actually stop to drill a hole in the plot. Here to prevent the movie from becoming a Swiss cheese (Which we all know is a good cheese) so 'plot' (a word that is very kind to use). Good people have to go to LA. The evil person will not like. Hero Sam stands between the two. Scenic queue in the next hour, vomiting - passenger plane As I said, there is no longer a hole in the plot. I will leave it there. Passenger plane Next, the key ingredients until now disappear from the jewel of this movie and what makes it everything - snake! Oh, stop. First, we have to introduce all the forced characters that the lame movie must have. A hot couple has him. (See how you can guess how they die) British men who died before they even appeared (annoying brits, right?) Cute kids and Joe Brand For all Americans who are British cartoons that are famous for her size and interest. Now we meet with the actors and see them all die. (Except cute children) Do not expect anything original. It's just a snake biting on different parts and more hilarious (not really) of various parts of the body. Use your imagination because filmmakers obviously don't use them. <br /> <br /> So that's the most obscure movie so now for the best bit ending. As expected, everything was very happy when the plane fell on everyone in the eyes to start to suck in the face. Yes, Sammy is cold. But wait, we haven't exhausted the plane yet! The last person to leave the car is a good man. But as he did, he was bitten by a snake (you guess). The snake (from everything) is clearly this one hiding in Jackson's hair all the time because it can resist the air pressure that good old heroes use. A few minutes earlier, despite the tension of 200ft (people who ate the annoying English bugger) couldn't, so Sam shot him and the snake at once. At this point, I prayed that this film was going to create a much-needed U-Turn and revealed that every hero was a traitor of some kind, but no. (But with old cheese, don't forget). It is revealed that the top spot of this film involves bulletproof vest. How do everyone think that the audience 10 years ago, let alone in 2006, will be impressed by their intelligence? But I did well in the movie summary. <br /> <br /> Actually, we didn't finish it after everyone had sucked the face. (Uncle Sam and the best male actors with Tiffany Token, black and white girl tokens and hot couples in the warm competition of necrophilia) It's time for you to be a good hero ... In Bali !!! No, it's not exciting. The exclamation point is there to show my greatest joy to see credit. Yes, the last picture of this movie is a journey to celebrate the meaning of having a little bondage happen, and there is a chance for people who like the movie to like this movie once. That's it for the first time. I posted movie reviews But I feel strongly that someone must speak to the outbreak of this movie. If you like snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, flight attendant, bad guy, surfing dogs in bags or British people, please don't watch this movie. Will lose your opinion from all of the above, until you don't want to contact them again. See United 93 instead. That's a good thing.
