The more I analyze this movie First of all, why must be an inspirational speaker? At that time it was silly. I mean, why is the megalomaniac trying to control the world and rely on inspiring speakers? Is Alexander Stone a mess? First of all, he couldn't decide what he wanted to do to control the world. So he looked for ideas from the Bible. I might add many of these ideas without being really reliable (for example, the parts of "Ishmael's house and Isaac are screaming in fear" may have happened ) And the family of Gillen Lane! They have nothing but happy family values ​​and slap their eyes with water! I might add that because Casper van Dien / Gillen Lane is in his twenties only. (Or that is the impression that I have) and has ten children. He has children at high school. Yes, there is TBN's family value. Why does this movie be a very damn propaganda? I will repeat what the previous investigator said. The Indiana Jones Temple uses Christian mythology as a plot and manages it well so we can be drunk. This film didn't do that. The beginning started well with Michael Ironsides playing the priest who killed some scholars and stole the Omega Code of the dead. Then, when confronted by two men who were clearly afraid of him, two prophets told him that "Tell your boss that we are here!" Dominic (Ironsides) replied "He knows it" and points to a small CCTV camera. That part sent cold chills to my spine. There is only one scene in which I will love this movie. I will give credit to Michael York: He works well in his role as Michael Ironsides, but the good guy is scary. I went about Lane's family. <br /> <br /> Now I'm over the show. I'll go down. Obviously this is a Baptist movie because the beloved Pope of the Vatican has been honored as a sermon. The plot of the worldly possession I liked and found to be reasonably and subtle as well as the action sequence was exciting and neat. There is also another clue that the Vatican, their leader, is regarded as a stubborn person, because Gillian explains to the Pope that it is not the end of the world. But the beginning of the new Vatican They use the Omega code to control the world. No matter who they are, they not only But separate them to send orders and kill them This is equivalent to America who knows about KGB that will kill the president and just say "We won't speak to you anymore!" Come on! I enjoy the scene where we see bombers heading to Israel and watching them again on the screen. Moderate in the short term
