I am very disappointed with this movie for some reason. The first half hour was quite good. Even though the show will not be better than what you will find in the rap video. But it was funny and the production value seemed to be half bad In fact, I think this story is almost as good as Perico Ripiao (the latest Dominican movie), which has become much better than I expected. The story of this film is not only But only having a husband cheating But also how to watch and treat women in the Dominican society as a whole, which makes it a good place, especially in the Dominican Republic Unfortunately, I do not think that the creator of this film believes that a good movie is about the way you treat your topic and they are destroying the veins that they had before them. In this movie, about 30 minutes, the role of men and women will return behind the main character's wife, causing him to fall in love as a result of his cheating habits. Not only will this change happen through what looks like a space age CGI effects that traced back to what I thought would be the 70s, but the whole plot had just drained. What is the rest of the movie? But the situation is predictable, wonderful and intelligent, one torpedo Upward, closed, all (And I think I should warn you now ** Alert Spoiler **) It became a dream Oh, who doesn't see that? Oh man, I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. After about an hour, I started thinking, "?? hmmmm, there are some things that seem to be incorrect about the audio track. But what can it be? "?? And it hits me half of the songs in the movie that are made from the video game called KING OF FIGHTER 95. <br /> <br /> When Oh, when DR, you give one movie to us, art?!?! Perhaps a comedy that matches France's Amelie or an action movie that will pair with Ong-Bak of Thai animation that Akira arrives in. Japanese horror films about crime at the cake layer come to England or Social travel America <br /> <br /> ... I'll give 1, but I see that much worse from DR. Search for Los Jodedores and you will know what I'm talking about.
