Raising Victor Vargas: Review <br /> <br /> Do you know Raising Victor Vargas is like putting your hand into a large steamed oatmeal bowl. It's warm and gooey. But you are not sure whether it feels right or not Try as much as I can, whether it's warm or gooey. Raising Victor Vargas becomes that I always know that something is wrong. Victor Vargas faced with too much confidence in the director's section. Clearly, the director thinks that the ethnic background of the Latino family in the southeast and the beautiful story will make the film criticism criticize him correctly, but it doesn't fool me. Raising Victor Vargas is a story about an old boy. Seventeen years old, you can guess Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk), who lives in his teenage years, chasing more skirts than Rolling Stone can do over the years. That they have visited The movie begins in the bedroom of 'Ugly Fat' Donna, where Victor is sure to seduce her. But the cry from the outside hindered his plans when Harold's best friend (Kevin Rivera) came to him in Harold's efforts and his sister Victor Vargas ran out to control the damage. But even though there is an embarrassing meaning that he was inspired by the lovable young woman in the neighborhood, nothing makes Victor young from the hunt for fresh meat. On a hot day in New York City, they walked to the local public swimming pool, where Victor's eyes looked at the eyes of Judy (Judy Marte), who was not only beautiful and independent as well. The relationship between Victor and Judy became the focus of this film. This story also focuses on Victor's family, which includes Grandma or Abu Talita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother, Nino. (Performed by brother of real life for Victor Silvestre Zach) and sister Vicky (Crystal Rodriguez) Victor follows the action between the scene with Judy and the scene with his family. Victor tries to deal with being a pimp, a father who is in charge of him, the feelings he has for Judy and the conservative care of Grandma's Catholics. <br /> <br /> The problems that arise from The Victor Vargas culture is small. Throughout the movie, you will get to know some characters such as Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Melonie. Judy's best friend is the problem. We don't know anything about Victor Vargas, except that he is the biggest giant in the neighborhood. that We know that he knows how to lick his lips and fight back and hold himself for the sake of pleading into the sack. But that's all we know that Nino plays the piano and is quiet. You can see from the family piano prize. We know that his sister Nikki is a woman who loves gossip with interest in investing in TV. We know that Grandma is a traditional Latina woman who works hard, trying to raise her children conservatively in the world of excessive corruption. But where is the character named Victor Vargas? He is in this movie somewhere. But we only know what this movie tells us This is the biggest flaw in the movie. Victor Vargas is not much character. But a ping-pong ball that bounces between the scene and Judy and his grandmother But we never knew who was Victor Vargas This is important because, as I mentioned, the only thing we know about Vic Vargas is that he is a teenager who has sex with Manhattan-like libido. He is all alpha male. Victor Vargas is not a character that I sympathize with. Why is there anyone? So at the end of the movie, we have led to the belief that Victor Vargas has achieved any depth and learned mistakes in his way? How can this two-dimensional character have depth? If the director is a little worried about his main character instead of worrying about the complete mobile photo shoot, <br /> <br /> Raising Victor Vargas leads the life of the world in the Latino neighborhood. Go to the big screen Some things that have been done before in the past This film is appreciated by true feelings and I will not argue with that. I have not seen this level of reality since CBS aired Survivor seriously. Although the film has beautiful pictures of the city, writer / director Peter Sollett is also dependent on close-up photography and mobile images as well. This problem was observed, especially in an awkward indoor scene. I was forced to practice deep breathing in order not to pass. As the film continues, the image becomes more tight and tight with the face cut from the eyebrows to the chin on the screen. You can smell Victor Vargas's cheap cologne. In practice, the overall effect is unrealistic. The indoor scene of the apartment in the city makes them look small and cramping which is not true. I am in that type of apartment I've been in one place They are not beautiful But with high ceilings and they have proper living space According to the standards of the film, you think that these apartments are 5x5 cells of chipped bricks and mortar and cracked walls. Unfortunately, the use of continuous close-ups and terrible shooting, especially when using a zoomed-in scene, came out completely as an amateur, but Raising Victor Vargas is Sollett's second film. And his best known is the hard work of making movies that hope to improve as he continues to make movies. There is one review that I read outlining that `Ethnic for the sake of ethnicity 'And I disagree If Victor Vargas is a movie and an excellent story, the character's enforceability doesn't really matter if they are Latin, Chinese, etc. But if you have to put this story in the neighborhood Middle-class sub-bopper, white white, the results will not be a glowing comment and we will see the film's flaws more clearly. In fact, other aspects of using Latinos in this movie annoyed me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are correct, I have to ask. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all share the same room to sleep. This is a warning for me because it is contrary to what I believe. Any self-respecting Latino family will not have two brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I'm not sure. Maybe I'm wrong. But after talking to my grandmother, I know that my problem with this is wrong. How do you think Vicky will sleep in her room? <br /> <br /> As a Latin who grew up in a Cuban household That is quite conservative by my grandmother while my mother Working full time, I can relate to movies in many ways, which is why my important view is bittersweet because I want to love this movie very much. Unfortunately I lacked respect for Victor Vargas to sabotage my feelings for this movie, probably because Victor Vargas reminded me of those being laid while I was playing with Sega Genesis when I was ten. seven Probably because there is no more warp movies, Victor Vargas is just a hot, stereotypical Latin, who just ended up shouting for the girls from his car. `Hay Bay Bee, Ju wants to go to Lou. My Mahdi - Cheen? I don't like him either way, so eventually I will like movies about him. So if you apologize to me, I will hold my hand in a bowl of rice. <br /> <br />
