I have never been an avid audience of "Crocodile Hunter" but sometimes see episodes or episodes, and when the news spread about the death of Steve Irwin from the stingray attack in 2006, it attracted my attention. definitely This film with Steve and Terri, his wife playing But the fictional story was released in 2002, but I never heard of it until many years later and after that I had to take a moment to get around to see it. Now I see it and after watching Here for the first time (More than once) and when seeing the ranking, I was not surprised that it would not be impressive even if it was a better BIT. Obviously it should be a joke, so the important issue is that it's not so funny. <br /> <br /> The US satellite signals fall from space and land in Australia. Swallowed by crocodiles! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to capture this crocodile from the place where it makes the cattle on Brozzie Drewitt's ranch ranch and unaware of what's in there, two CIA officers are sent to Australia to receive the signal! The agent receives help from Jo Buckley and the ranch owner and her dog may make the mission harder for them! In the mission of Steve and Terri, they have to face other dangerous wild animals, not just crocodiles and because they have no clue that the crocodile has something wrong inside when Steve sees the CIA staff after them. <br /> <br /> Not only did I not laugh once, while watching this movie, the only part that really made me smile was Steve Erwin using a big snake to make CI staff. A frightened one In addition, I do not think that I find something very amusing. It's a bit messy. Switch from the Australian Outback to the CIA headquarters and look like a clip from "Crocodile Hunter" and clips from thrilling action movies. (Or something like that) together for some reason In addition, the combination was added to the ranch scene, which seemed to come from elsewhere and was a joke like Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski. At one point, we saw her fart, so we had a fart joke which was a cliché in modern jokes! Are they hard to resist ?! I also met the typical "Crocodile Hunter" scene with Steve's crocodile. Wrestling and catching other dangerous animals and talking to the audience so boring. But I guess I have never been a big fan of the show. <br /> <br /> Steve Irwin has received many admirers' admiration and they sadly missed while still having people. That said he was busy with nature and it came to him No matter which side you are, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-made movie. I'm sure it will help if you are a big fan of Steve Irwin. But even then you cannot guarantee that you will like this movie because some fans are not impressed. In fact, it seems that some people find this movie worse than I have, so maybe it doesn't help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I will tell you everything you might think of Steve Irwin and his performance. This movie is not necessary. Attempts to include things that are often seen in "Crocodile hunters" with a fictitious story that unfortunately failed, and the audience may find that this movie looks more than ninety minutes!
