The Forest of the Damned was started by five young friends, Emilio (Richard Cambridge) and Ally (Sophie Holland), along with Judd (Daniel Maclagan), Molly (Nicole Petty) and Andrew (David Hood). Long stop, 'Middle of nowhere', their words are not mine. However, before they know that they are deep in the forest & Emilio runs awkwardly to find women. (Frances da Costa) along with the seriously injured people to increase their problems. The van they are traveling does not start. Cannot receive any signal on the mobile phone They need help so quickly that Molly and Judd walked away in the hope of finding a home. Over time and darkness began to decline, apparently they were not alone & there was something. Abominable in the forest ... <br /> <br /> Produced in English, written and directed by Johannes Roberts. See more comments and comments. Both here in IMDb and through the internet Lahore forest zone of the damned seemed to share that passion with others and not by what it is not done yet. The script has been credited on the screen to Robert. But here on the IMDb list will show Joseph London as well 'Additional movie content', regardless of what it means, this movie is your basic background, such as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974). But using an interesting concept of fallen angels who wander through the forest and kill people for reasons that have never been described as extremely satisfying. Then there was Stephen, played by Tom Savini, who had never received any sort for what he had done. Is he there to get a victim of angels? If so, why did he kill Andrew by smashing his head? The story is very loose, it never feels like a suitable movie. The character is not good, the conversation is not good, and the lack of important stories makes it difficult to enter or care about what happened. Having said that, it moves in a reasonable rhythm. There are two good scenes here. <br /> <br /> Director Johannes didn't do anything special. There is a reasonably good horror scene and Tom Savini's character is great whenever he is on the screen. (Although he didn't hear the sound of Judd destroying an ax with an ax while escaping with Molly?) And it was a shame when he was killed There was a good gore scene here, some people were smashed their heads, cut off their heads, someone was shotgun damaged by the neck, someone was bitten off, some lips were bitten and some were torn in half. In addition, there is a nude picture of a young woman with a full forehead which doesn't help much. <br /> <br /> The technique of the curse forest is ok. It's done fairly well. But nothing special or too eye-catching This is a picture taken in England and Wales, and it is quite strange to see the English scene for the American horror genre of the latter. The performance is generally quite good for Savini, who deserves a better performance. Shaun Hutson, the horror writer, has an embarrassing pendant at the end & proves that he should write more than acting. <br /> <br Forest of the Damned is a horrible horror movie I lost something But it's not a movie that I like very much Apart from a good time, one or two moments, nothing to suggest.
