From the beginning, this film is awesome! Why is it so bad? If not naked women, not only But only need a suitable plastic surgeon But must also have the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand from Colgate Whitening !! Then was an old man who was 'crazy' at the gas station, which wasn't very crazy. But more than that "I'm not sure what I can do, so I'll stare straight ahead and look as stupid as I can. To shout with a robot voice about something in the forest "!! Then return to these empty nymphs that need gingivitis treatment ... obviously not having to touch you ... and this is according to the opening scene .... They can cause redness. Nasty on your neck I assumed it was a piece of content. But it seems that it has to do with some TCP to clear it up Then you have Sophie Holland, who plays as an ally. I have never seen Baa Ed's performances. "I'm me, if I don't have fun, no one else and I don't want to do this. Will not and I am the most meaningful cow in the world. I am a little cynic and if I do not understand what I do, I will be sad! "One type of person ... reminds me of the other 6 people. The attitude of the old woman. I don't think it is worth talking about the horrific camera angles that remind me of the Blair Witch, or how low this budget is when Judd hacked at the 'locked' door. He will unlock It comes from the other side !! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it is a trick, then it will succeed ... only But because horror is just wrong !!! I can't explain everything that happened in this movie. Although it was a joke that saw Andrew drop the raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while the character of Tom Savini was blind, both hidden under the table. His eyes !! It's more fun when both think they can escape on a damn tractor, while we all know that you hate the first car that is stuck behind because it's very slow! So wondering if they didn't go too? And you know how many people can cut their wrists and run for hours as if nothing had happened! No pain, no weakness from blood loss. Nothing !? But the most stupid part was when all of a sudden (and I mean literally) it was one year later and Molly continued to wander after escaping the nymph and then, indeed, behold Shaun Hutson came to her. .. Of course, not to promote his book !! (Although it was accepted that he was one of my favorite authors) but suddenly and with a hint of why and why ... she was evil and haunted Hutson to his death Suddenly he walked around the forest with gasoline, even after his interesting show, why no one was interesting there, for whatever reason ... said that the female nymph was narrowly stupid. ... and this ends the movie .... finally! My conclusion .... If you haven't guessed now .... complete garbage! It doesn't have the right idea at all. Anyone who is aiming the camera wants to shoot ... and think that it's handsome 99%! If the director, actor and budget are correct, receive this But again, English horror movies are low price But the other type of country and the English film industry must be embarrassed !! (And I am in English, so I was allowed to say that)! In fact, the only good and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15-20 minutes when we watch it change from day to day in the field type area. What I think is "Why did Jesus Christ in heaven? Oh, why do you allow someone to do this, the cow's testicles? Of course !!" But I couldn't close the movie after I started watching it. Unfortunately, I had to watch from Dusk Til Dawn after that. Just to remind yourself that Tom Savini has in him to perform well! If there is an option for 0/10 then believe me I will choose whether this movie cuz not worth even the only point I give! <br /> <br /> But this is just my opinion. See and decide for yourself.
