This movie actually works from the original idea - I've never seen a nymph that was thrown from heaven in horror. However, the method of carrying this idea is not original in the least; We followed a group of children for some reason, decided to go on a jungle trip. The fact that the forest is the habitat of these nymphs makes it more interesting than other forests that are full of rednecks / nuggets / zombies, etc. But actually, the monster is just a variation of horror. General morale in the forest theme Many films of this family do not have a single good idea - and it seems that this film has destroyed its brain cells with that. The only real thing that a monster brings to the table is the fact that they are beautiful women whose characters have a desire rather than an ugly ghost that they want to escape. This thing is good at one point. But soon it was boring and the lack of complete story behind the central monster ensured that the film would never be released from the category. <br /> <br /> For many years, The Evil Dead has made the forest the most scary place and despite the movie The Blair Witch Project; It still makes a terrifying horror scene. This is one of the important assets of this film, because the forest shows an unknown impression - the only problem is that the Forest of the Damned seems to have never had much sleeves. The death sequence shows the lack of a clear imagination and the fact that every character has a cliché that does not help because you are likely to wait to see them killed instead of hoping that they He can escape. Most actors are mainly children but have a role for Tom Savini; Which is unfortunately not getting fun in the special technical department The only real highlight of this film is that the personnel involved are from the nymphs themselves. Naked women tend to look good and if not for them, this movie will be boring very quickly. There is nothing to recommend this movie for a real story; But if you want a scary little horror movie that goes back to the style of wild flicks in the eighties, you may find enjoyment here.
