People try to make me believe that the evidence of this horror / supernatural horror was inspired by the last words spoken by a true serial killer. (His name escaped me at this time) While awaiting execution in an electric chair, he claimed that his soul would come to life again and continue to live endlessly. It is not a traditional idea to spin the horror movie anyway. Other low-budget turkeys use the same basic location, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Machine". However, "first power" (aka "pentagram") is not an attempt. Completely scared But the script turns out to be an ancient idea and lacks real excitement This movie started out as okay, even though it was a contemptuous serial killer that Lou Diamond Philips, a passionate pursuit man, killed a bloody pentagram into his victim's chest. He received unexpected help from the spiritual media played by Tracy Griffith, beautiful and humble. She took him to the murderer. But did not ask him to execute him because that would result in a greater disaster than ever before! Thanks to Tess's helpful advice, Detective Logan quickly took the murderer and celebrated his death sentence, but Patrick Channing made a promise to Satan himself and returned to the rotten streets of California to continue his murder. "The First Power "Terrible when the murderer reincarnated into a vengeful spirit. Instead of using the power that Satan had just received to eliminate the whole world (That's what I will do in his position), cocaine just likes to play cat and mouse games with his copper. He called him "Buddy-Boy" constantly annoying and possessed the body of a friend and colleague of Logan to fool him. Although never bored or know But it is a very weak movie that has to be patient, mostly because you get the feelings of the writer / director Robert Resnikoff, using the merciless words of mercilessness (The murderer has been sexually abused as a child) and even the player's line can be easily predicted as soon as Griffith explains that she can predict the future. You know somewhere in the movie. Too ridiculously "I told people to use their lives. But my life is messy. "The gasp of Philips Diamond's performance is sufficient. But it is hard to resist the rebel group "La Bamba" and "Stand And Deliver" as seriously as the strong copper There is also a good supporting role for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("When a Stranger Calls") and the B-movie horror legend David Gale ("Re-Animator") appearing in miniature at the point. Start of the movie
