Actually, the idea behind "Masters of Horror" has something to happen. A big horror film director who has now been left in the industry by receiving the opportunity to direct horror movies again. I was like that from the beginning. That was until I watched some episodes ... Oh boy, it's terrible. The TV not only looks like the director gets a small budget to direct the sacrifice. But there seems to be a way as well, such as taking pictures in HD so that short stories are not good in both art and financial reasons. I can't help but compare "Tales From The Crypt" and M.o.H when I really didn't compare TFTC. Well, MOH isn't good; As I have a few buttons that can be explained: TFTC is shorter (about 25 minutes for each episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode). I believe that allowing a more dense script with good ideas happens often. More times Now is less likely to be confused or boring. The timing may be the reason for the budget to be spent on TFTC. Better: The director must have a REAL film composer (the author in MOH is, if there is no bad content), REAL actor (while MOH has nothing but celebrities Unrecognized actors!) REAL's photography director and can sometimes help the REAL film camera (while MOH was shot on an HD camera with a very wrong lens selection) as a result of the episode. At TFTC And that the "movie" in the sense that the actors are actually being recruited from the Michael J. Fox and Tim Roth, Kyle McMahon Haq to Alan Kirk Douglas. But there are also composers in the story of Alan Silvestri, the great cinematographer High-level screenwriter, and in that sense, each "Tale" is a small movie that is real. Compared to TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is quite a scary way for horror TV. It's very difficult to stand and watch if your standard of filming is a little higher than the average because it looks like an ugly TV series. It's incredibly boring and annoying, quickly, within the first 10 minutes. Actors who have never heard of wannabes (except Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few more But there they are only the famous actors of the episodes.) MoH's director base is good at first. But it's the worst and worst in every episode: now if even the director who doesn't know the world still has anything left? Nothing! And it was a joke that they started with unknown directors while they didn't even speak. Stan Winston, Dick Maswill, Lustig Sam Raimi, Eric Reid, Robert Harmon William Finkin Mulcahy ... If even the "Master of Horror" can't make the director die and come back to life again May re-run Tales from Crypt
