We opened with Colonel Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original Universal Soldier and his Asian friend buxom being chased down the river by what appeared to be Universal Soldiers. They almost killed both. Oh, wait. Field test Devereaux, we found that it is now part of a company that is supported by a government that designs a new level of international military. Why would he want to participate in this matter? (If you know anything about the manuscript) Never be described and beyond me. <br /> <br /> After this delicate scene becomes a reality. The United States government has reduced the budget of the Universal Soldier project and in the process of anger SETH (a large artificial mainframe computer that controls Universal Soldiers) naturally he will not be closed without fighting. This means that Van Damme had to walk around and bring the new Universal Soldiers breed, which sounds like a fun idea for action movies and sequels of the sequel. But that didn't stop him from becoming a fool like hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers played by Bill Goldberg seems like you can't go wrong to choose a wrestler in the action movie. Length He's big, he's strong, right? Not right. Van Damme doesn't seem to have a problem. Wipe the floor with him ... one time ... twice ... three times. This point disappears with me. Then there was a broken glass. The basic part of any action movie, but the person involved must have a glass fetish. You have to watch the fight scenes in particular. Do not mention that no one cut himself or dropped at least Then, to put the cherry on the wreck of this train, they have SETH (computer) to secure the human body for themselves and the proper way when they make the black villain (Michael Jai White). Nothing works. Better than white men who fight black bad guys May be dangerous and crippling seriously He is not a representative of Dolph. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is a sequel with a punch. It's loud, it's dumb and doesn't care. The original is not a poem. But is a simple story that has science fiction elements and provides entertainment on a basic level The sequel didn't have them done, but gave the time to work under ninety minutes and somehow found a way to squeeze in the strip club sequence. So give credit if the credit is due.
