I heard Unisol 2 for the first time when I drove through the cinema when I went to America. I didn't notice much until I bought the original on the DVD, which made me know about the three sectors. Later, I started reading about The Return on IMDB and asked my friends what they think. Despite their terrible criticism, I still go out to see it and be on the brink of buying until I see it for rent on DVD. I didn't expect much. But I think it should be halfway to show the drama in America. After that, how often do you see Van Damme on the big screen? Nothing can prepare me for this matter. It's terrible. I almost cried. Things that lose 80 minutes and 2.50 pounds are difficult to explain how bad this position is. Honestly, this is an idiotic movie. No, it's more than an idiot. I can't believe how this happened. I can't believe that someone there didn't kill Mike Rogers. The fool may be the first way - Van Damme actually thinks that the script and movie are complete well. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley from Terminator 2 and Air Force One received praise from this film I can't believe that the stupidity of this movie. It is very important to myself. But met with the audience like a spoof Here is an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, now Luc is human again) - "I want my father", SETH- "What can I do?" Yes, some people try to close SETH by pulling. Three large levers with - waiting for it - open and closed, written on them All-round performances like school drama I am sure that the director you are the role model of Luc's journalist in April O'Neil from the mutant Turtles comic - she refuses to go because she ... wants her story. I mean, next - how many movies are cliché can use? Please listen to my IMDB user friends. - Don't touch this thing with a boat pole. In conclusion, Universal Soldier: The Return doesn't have any relationship with the first movie. In fact, if they do not call UniSols, you will never know that it is a sequel. Now Luke is human. - What ?!!! The only place where he can access the internet is in the all-new club strip Uni Sols. They seem to be dragged out of the street. This is a torture that must be watched, so please do it yourself - don't torture yourself. P.S - The best part of the movie: Romeo hops over the building and shouts 'Oh sh * t'
