Ok, I saw this film to create a bad standard. But with this movie, it is Unisol's best movie. Now, Luc Devereux is now a technical expert working with the government with his partner, Maggie, who has trained and fought him countless. In order to customize and make the UniSol program perfect in an attempt to create a new, stronger species that are more complex, intelligent and more flexible, all new Unisols that are faster and stronger than previous versions are connected via a computer system. The genius called SETH, which is a Helix that develops self-concept. When SETH discovered that the Universal Soldier program was set to shut down due to Budget cuts. He uses his own hands to protect himself. Kill the person who tries to shut down his power and release the Super Soldier category led by the Romeo muscle, SETH spares Deveraux, just because Deveraux has the secret code needed to close the built-in program that will close the SETH in a matter of hours. With the help of a hacker named Squid, SETH became a human figure. Not only Luc had to face Erin, an ambitious journalist who would not leave him, but Luc had to fight with General Radford who wanted to take drastic measures to Stop SETH SETH also kidnapped Hillary, a 13-year-old daughter who was injured by Luke and now holds hostages. Luke is the only person who can help Hillary because Luc knows that UniSol thinks, feels and fights. Now there is a problem like in every movie, like no one finds it strange that the journalist just arrived there and the soldiers can be banned by the truck. However, when Vanne Damme fires a gun with one bullet and they die. And the final fight scene is unbelievable when Luc is now a human and Seth is stronger and faster than other Unisol 5 times and Luc can attack him. When the final battle, when Luke smashed him in pieces, I was really surprised that the pieces were not melted and reformed him (Terminator 2). Another thing that caused me to be a terrible disease was the way Vanne Damme made actors play relative roles. I mean, in the case of Vanne Damme, it came out perfectly like this science fiction story. Music score now that needs to be mentioned. You've listened to a song that you want to cut a blackboard with a knife that has Universal Universal 2. The advantage is that there is no Dolph (HOORAY) and unlike Scene 1, there is only one naked scene while Scene 1 has many scenes (I'm still haunted by scenes in # 1) and the actors here have some abilities. While the first, handsome actor is a sadist (If you don't believe that I look at it)
