Anxious mind about what is about the Universal Soldier, which is a sequel. Since the real actor Dolph Lundgren will not be able to recoup his role from the manuscript, there is little reason to release himself in this obvious tax cut. Courageous attempts were made to fill the gap with Bill Goldberg, a professional wrestler and martial arts expert Michael Jai White. Their credit, they gave their action sequence, felt good, excited. Bill Goldberg looks like he's having a moment in his life in this movie, and he shows a good attitude in performing the necessary villain comedy. For once, his role is a type that involves repeating the same line a couple of times and it is not annoying. The problem from the audience's point of view is that these gentlemen have no sense of time, comics, or a little humility that makes Lundgren happy to watch almost all his movies. And there are problems You don't go to watch the movie Van Damme because you want serious action. You go because you want to show funny But unintentionally <br /> <br /> Unknown to many people, Universal Soldier followed with two successive scenes with direct video. I just saw for the first time with production values, so bad people could wonder if it was a complicated joke or not. Matt Battaglia was terrible in the role of Luc Deveraux, who was once in his career. Jean-Claude Van Damme's eyes That arrived as a relief This film ignores the story of the sequel directly to all of the videos mentioned and begins a whole new story instead of an indefinite time after the original event. After many years of investigations and explanations, the Unisol project continues with a few modifications for the new Unisols that are stronger and more resistant to previous cousins. All Unisols are under the control of a supercomputer called SETH in the first part of the movie SETH is available as a set of abstract graphics within the glass dome. <br /> <br /> Because this film takes a long time That eighty minutes, we were quickly told that funding for the army was being cut. The Unisol project was on the chopping block, which means that SETH will be closed. SETH heard this discussion in a way that was never really explained. Mobilize Unisols as an army against those who want to close him His only problem is that it is often necessary to enter the code into his system to prevent automatic shutdown. Two people have the code in the SETH question. Kill the first person for a short time and those familiar with the plot that Van Damme's movie created will guess within five seconds of the second occurrence. The rest of the film revolves around Unisol's attempt to remove the code from Van Damme without hurting him too much. Sub-plans with daughters and journalists were woven into movies. But it added as much as Van Damme did for the career. <br /> <br /> This film is full of ridiculousness. Lines and clichés When SETH transplants his command module into Michael Jai White's body, we talk about more human time. He told his soldiers that fear and death will be the weakness of humanity. Gee, SETH. You mean they are not our strengths? All joking, the short length of this movie is both the weakness and strength of the movie. It leaves the action without adequate settings. At first, we have been thoroughly explained about Unisols, how they work and how they are brought to the status seen in most movies. Here, the author seems to agree that the audience knows what Unisol is and how it works. At least in the traditional way, the moments of curiosity and surprise were created by leaving the description in the next movie when the hero was in the ice bath. (And presumably his body) gets up every time without stopping. <br /> <br /> I tend to book one score. For a movie that is so bad that it becomes entertainment in a completely unintended manner If you can see it at a cheap price, knock yourself out. This is a kind of movie that makes me sad about losing a mysterious theater.
