When I was 16 I saw a documentary: "The funny thing happened on the way to the moon." I really liked and believed in it for a couple of years. But then I grew up and started thinking, and when I received more information, this was: more information from the reel source and unbiased sources. When I started at the university recently, I asked an assistant professor of astronomy about these conspiracy theories. What he said shocked me: where did he say those theories? That baffled me, I didn't believe it first But then he presented the evidence of his claim. He quickly debunked most theories about this subject: "Humans do not go to the moon." The most severe claim is that Apollo vehicles cannot travel through the radiation belt. Of Van-Allen, without the crew who died from radiation The truth is that Americans use aluminum to shield radiation. It is not well known. And definite requirements are confidential And why is it a secret: okay, why should they reveal it at that time? If they were in a space race with Russia, it would be very stupid to reveal that they had a new technology that could protect the crew from radiation. <br /> <br /> There is the biggest evidence of all: rock The moon, when the Apollo mission goes to the moon, they bring a lot of stones back from the moon to give to geologists and similar scientists who are saving everything. At about the moon These rocks and rocks are the result of the moon because: the basic elements within which all things are made are made of special isotopes that are different from stone mines, quarries, land to soil, and especially planets from the planet. These isotopes of rocks and rocks have been proven to not come from the world. Astronauts have carried hundreds of kilograms of stones in every house, proven to be from the outside world and coming from the same planet. Ergo: The Moon is not fake. NASA goes to another planet: the moon, though it's not a planet But as a satellite to a planet (Doh), these rocks were distributed to laboratories and universities around the world. It has been proven: human beings to the moon - it's totally true. <br /> <br /> But I don't have to worry: most conspiracy-theorists are often unemployed and without education, mostly The reason they are not Know or lie about these facts The truth remains: man walks on the moon
