From a name that is not interesting to a flat performance, Curdled is an extraordinary movie. The film received the attention of the fans with the fact that Quentin Tarantino's name was stuck with it and the silly and out of place nodded to Rodriguez / Tarantino. Flick 'from Dusk until dawn.' However, these things did not create a great movie, and this is clearly seen through 'Curdled'. The film has problems due to lack of obvious ideas and drugs. According to conceal this murder with a stylish and events that should interfere. The score of the Mexican music that comes with many successive scenes in the movie is meant to be cool. But it was annoying quickly Especially in addition to the fact that the lead character is Mexican. It is not suitable for the tone of the movie. The plot of the film is often unusual and follows the gorehound. Because of her fascination with horrific murders, working with a company that cleans the murder scene. It sounds boring and possible. <br /> <br /> William Baldwin is the only 'name' in the list of actors, and even though he doesn't impress. He didn't get anything to do in the movie, except to talk to his victim and stand around to try to see danger. Angela Jones or more; The taxi driver from Pulp Fiction plays the lead in the murder of a girl obsessed with it, and it is clear that her involvement with Pulp Fiction has given her this role, not her acting ability. She may be able to excel in her small role in Tarantino's masterpiece, but she has no ability to be a film director by herself. She looks astray and is out of place for most movies and if it doesn't emphasize her Latin accent; She will not convince the audience that she is a strange person at all levels. Curdled is a hundred percent trash piece that can be remembered. Such movies often win their hearts about the invention or the black comedy. But this one failed at all levels Whether you are a Tarantino fan, a William Baldwin fan, a horror fan or just a movie This is the one that will be missed.
