This may be the most sluggish 80 slasher ever known. But what do you do with movies that give a dynamic picture of dozens of beautiful women with an exhilarating body in aerobic exercise, bathing and walking? Before being a horror movie "Aerobicide" is a 90 minute promotional video to support the use of silicon steroids and other physical stimulation products. If you let the boy's image lift up and lift The dainty girl picked up their butt and rack to the 80s song with no problems, probably only 15 minutes left. There is plenty of time to plot the sadist murder that kills people who are crazy about health with a large safety needle (yes). The film opens with an unintended hilarious scene of a woman who is spanning Electric sunbathing equipment Many years later, people die in the same spa. You don't have to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to find out if there is a link between murder and fire. This investigation is a police officer who seems wise (and Charles Napier looks the same!) And a private investigator, the lucky cupcake maker that has the most beauty in the 80s I've seen! When looking at Dianne Copeland's credit, her name was obvious and she didn't do anything other than this turkey and the Troma movie called "Surf Nazis Must Die" was a waste of opportunity! She may not be a great actress. But she is confident that there are two other advantages that will help her move forward in the show business. The amount of blood and the quality of makeup effects is nothing special. We were treated a couple of times with a pin, harp and human flesh made from barbecue. The plot of twisting near the end is ridiculous and predictable. But at that time nobody was really interested in this matter anymore. Introducing "Aerobicide" (a.k.a. "Killer Workout") in case you want to turn off all your brain work one night. But you still feel like watching a movie! Actually, it will double the great features with "Death Spa". Both movies have sexy babies and dress a lot ?? And both movies are quite stupid
