On the surface, this film will appear to deal with the psychological process called individuation That is the way to become a true self by embracing the dark side of human nature. So we have Darkling, a classic monster monster that looks for a purely company (that is, acceptance) of men, and the story revolves around ways that manage this need more or less. <br /> <br /> However, if We dig a little deeper, we will find that what this movie is about is that you should relate to your car just like you do with others: - In the opening scene, the main character (the car mechanic falls from Korn) is collecting parts and parts from the wreck of his car and his daughter when the car wreck is almost collided with the little girl. Lesson # 1: The car is the person who embodied the immortal spirit and stealing from the car wreck as well. Grave robbery The wicked have disturbed the dead and have to be punished - after that, another character (Rubin) buys a car wreck intended to be repaired and sold. It is a famous race car that has now disappeared and is warned by the salesman. Lesson # 2: Like other people, cars have a unique identity that cannot be changed or replaced. There is also a twist that Rubin sees the quality hidden in what most people think is garbage. But in the end, that quality became a reflection of Rubin's personal greed for greater profits. Lesson # 3: You will not treat your car alone. But will always be an end in itself - then we have the scene where the main character recommends Rubin and more importantly Rubinstein: the evaluation of the main character's character does not depend on the external appearance But look carefully from inside the engine room. Lesson # 4: The car is not only judged by its appearance, it is really valuable inside. There are penalties for those who do not keep this lesson in mind. We saw in the scene where another man tried to sell Rubin's fake car collectors. This scene also highlights the importance of the lesson. # 3 <br /> <br /> There are many other examples in the movie 'car = person'-theme. And now I'm too tired to talk about them all But the issue remains (And I guess this is what I try to say) This movie is fun to see that you have nothing to do other things - or if you are a believer in cars.
