Near the closing stages of Baby Mama, one of the main characters will explain the basic outline of everything that happened earlier and concluded that it was just a mess. '; I can't speak better than this And while that feature has a strange hope at all times, most of what is currently being sterilized beyond being considered relevant and meaningless is worth everyone's time Boring characters, plain and vague scripts, caricatures make sure that Baby Mama does not have to pay taxes on travel. But it has never done this through the humor offered The lamenting jokes are mostly composed of daily routines. (A rich and poor couple) tried to live together as they prepared to take their children into the world. The film is too mysterious to laugh a little outside of the population. <br /> <br /> Stories about search Love it isn't that bad. But playing the plot, this story is a story of working together with a strange, funny, touching genre instead of an incredibly weak character, resulting in a warm love that never bubbles as a central character. Both have mild fun when gathered in a small space. Therefore, while we may find that the characters interact with each other sometimes, humor is never too much to laugh. We didn't feel the characters and didn't find it interesting. But is dynamic Unfortunately, although this dynamic works best or at least better than the person mentioned above, it rarely happens outside the general scope of the odd-pair formula. <br /> <br /> Kate (Tina Fey) Is a successful business woman who hired an Angie blonde class (Amy Pohler) is an improbable representative of her, and after Angie decides to leave her husband who is desperate, Carl (Dax Shepard) finally both are different. Yes, it's a strange place General and what we saw this year, what happened in Vegas, but what Baby Mama lacked is that the film has both chemistry between the actors and the semi-layered characters. Kate and Angie were not showing much of their two-dimensional personality, and both were not interested in showing roles that needed chemistry to create sparse air. In fact, the only real film and character participation that comes from Romany Malco's unused ability is influenced by playing as an open person. Many times I laughed during Baby Mama. Most of those moments were because of this man and the rest often fell on Shepard. <br /> <br /> Sure, it's hard to find a movie that is collected. The theme of the script in the way that our world was filmed and presented to us through the camera, and also with director Michael McCullers from one screen to the screen effectively. But for movies about babies, businesses with millions of dollars and cultural patterns, it's not a good thing. Baby Mama is a small town with grades A, Hammy, plastic with capital topped with. the sugar So not only But I felt the distant emotions of the characters because of their two-dimensional nature. But I don't care about the world they live in The dialogue with the costume and the general theme of the script was written in pastel colors, blues and pinks, causing every color of humanity to disappear. sex This is not a character and that is not our world in any way ?? And why do I need to care? At the end of the day, however, the success or failure of the final romantic comedian was caused by the relationship between love and the frequency of laughs. Baby Mama happened only slightly in any of these departments. This does not have any value. It will not be fair. I'm sure the female audience in the same boat as the lead character, Kate, might be fired from the job. But others may feel dazed and bored. In this sense, Baby Mama avoids being unbearable But never lobbied for something amazing or worthy to look at others outside the audience Comedian and romantic couple, Baby Mama is too weak to be interesting and too shallow to entertain. <br /> <br /> - Reviewed by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net )
