I began to think that there was a conspiracy. Okay: One thing that involved a lot of money that was paid to those who had access to columns published in newspapers and magazines, movies and art to make sure that this movie or that movie. Will be confused Reach the higher status through the scoring point which will also be tagged "International acclaim" or something that was in that moment, ensuring that unsuspecting villagers (like me) would walk into the cinema or rent bloodshed Race to the bathroom to upchuck. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It makes me avoid any articles posted every time I come across because it's quite clear that there may be two things going on: I don't get the message hidden under the movie's internal empire that can't be reached. They and I watch two completely different movies that happen to share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick in the audience. No wonder it appeared and disappeared faster than you could say. "smorsgabord" and even if scoring in Metacritic But no one ever heard It's terrible with the sugar on top. <br /> <br /> At first, there are four numbers forever from start to finish. While there are little symbols here and it's okay, and it was created with many levels of success in many famous films, this movie is full of it. Four dogs at the beginning of the movie looked at the camera in an empty street earlier when suddenly the machine was on the foreground and the way to tear open the asphalt. Four people in the bar, even though one of them is not a legal entity Three people separated But connected not only to each other But linked to their lives While this concept may work, the movie is very meaningful - especially with the story of the model that will be played by Marina Vovchenko, which goes into a very strange and non-good way - the theme begins. receive Lost in translation Or maybe as I said earlier, I just "don't understand". The problem remains in the time spent with Marina's story. (Which revolves around the death of her sister from chewing bread, and later yearning for the craving which followed), whose interest in surrealism traces, if the same horror story that all three strangers Exchange in the bar seems to be their own truth? The director didn't really invest much time in tying them together, or building a stronger story that might have happened in the style of David Lynchian, intersecting with the past, present, or in another dimension, or even a straightforward science. This novel is a fierce battle with an insurmountable wall that only saints. (Or some people who enter the world of wonder for sake) can bear
