I watched the movie at the Belgrade Film Festival last week and I still get hurt. Essentially, my view seems to be consistent with the number of others - the first half hour is fresh, crisp, deep, fun and promising. Acting well also by nature. However, my problem is not just the fact that the last hour and half of this movie has nothing to do with a satisfying beginning or the fact that I spend most of my time. Persuasive with sharp pain Nudge that is drunk and without teeth, chew bread. It is quite true that they never warned me !!! The summary of the festival brochure can be described in the first half hour. (Full interesting sound) - Chat, tuner, piano and chat, selling meat in bars, pretending to be advertising agencies, genetics engineers and small government officials, respectively - talking about the endless things of chewing gum at Never ending Acting for me to be correct for not reading reviews, you might say - but for my protection, a number of comments that I look at in the truth after posting do not emphasize immense strength. <br /> The first hint should be a preliminary statement by the director. (Russian youth with furry hairs and feathers) that move forward in a crowded meeting room. (The movie seems to be doing very well and has tickets. Sell ​​well in advance of the screening, although most viewers seem to be unaware because I am a pain to judge from the groaning, groaning and lamentation that is full of lamentation in the last half hour When leaving the house) to say the following things: 'Well, I ... Um, thank you very much for coming to watch this movie and I just want to say ... uh, it's a very long movie ... four years To do it and ... it .. I suggest you see it and try to forget it immediately. It's very long. Thank you for coming. 'This is what he said. The alarm should sound. 'What are he talking about?' I think confused, happy. 'This is definitely fun!' Of course, by the time the comments of his strange apology began to understand me, it was too late to leave. All I can do is struggle to increase the pain until the light lights up again. And finally, I can't say that I feel that it has been improved by any means. Yes, I definitely like the first half hour. It's clever new and there are many things to say. Yes, Russia may be in a bad condition. Yes, every society has many hidden faces. Yes, life without teeth in an arid wilderness can be incredibly difficult. Yes, yes. Yes. I received all of this. Actually I do But I do not see the reason of the world why art and meaning should draw pain away. If you want to watch one of the films between the amazing Hollywood plastic extremes and the terrifying vodka for many hours, try sipping the Chinese-Chinese Bin. It's an art and a surprise. But it's straightforward and fun
