MABEL AT THE WHEEL is one of the movies that has a more interesting background story than movies. This is Chaplin's tenth comedy for Keystone during his internship years and his first two actors. Here he plays one of his last villain roles. (Although the role of TILLIE PUNCTURED PUNCTURED has not come yet) and it is one of the last moments he will work for other directors besides himself. In fact, Chaplin's conflict with the director and co-star Mabel Normand almost caused him to be fired from the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin didn't work with Henry Leh. It and George Nichols The autobiography that must be directed from the only "girl" is the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during the creation of this film. Chaplin is still a newcomer to Keystone and his colleagues don't know what to do for him. But everyone loves Mabel Producer Mac Sennett is about to shoot Chaplin when he learns that the new movie came in and the attendees wanted more quickly, so Chaplin promised to have a chance to direct himself. br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is no drama on the screen in MABEL AT THE WHEEL, which looks like a typical Keystone. This story is related to Bebe's scheduled car race (Harry McCoy) in the race, but Charlie's evil and his followers kidnap the young boy and Mabel must replace it. For racing around, throwing with bricks and biting fingers is very short when laughing. But there are a few points of interest There are good movie filming and editing in the race sequence, although there are no real gags, but there are many exciting activities. Chaplin himself looks strange, having a chin-like beard and wearing a tall hat and a coat that he wears in his first movie, making it alive. But the suit is suitable for the evil that he has always shown At least it is strange to see him play an unprecedented role. What is seen in the amphitheater is Keystone stalwarts, Chester Conlin, Edgar Kennedy, in a strange stand-up and Joe McConnett who smokes and makes unconscious. As an actor, Sennett has the same subtlety as the movie he created. But you have to give credit to men: he knows what people like These movies were highly popular in their days. Mac's performance didn't add much to MABEL at the wheel, but he might have to be on hand to film this movie to make sure his star doesn't kill each other.
