After surfing the internet, I found the DVD "Homefront" set at ioffer.com before everyone was excited. The DVD set I received was burned by an amateur from a home video tape recorded on their TV 15 years ago. Resolution and poor quality The picture looks like you expect the old recorded video to be viewed. Even if the ad is fixed But the end of each episode, there is still a sound announcement for CGway to the ABC news program "Nightline", along with the headlines from the early 1990s, although the image quality is not good. But the performance can be seen and the sound quality is good. <br /> <br /> For the credit of this program, casting is quite perfect. Everyone believes and looks real. Their performances are also above average. The role of Jeff Metcalf is particularly well played by Kyle Chandler. (Recently, in the presentation of King Kong 2005), those modern costumes are especially authentic kitchen sets, especially in 1940. The kitchen is equipped with antique appliances and decorations. That direction is creative and different for the TV program at that time. For example, conversations between characters sometimes cut between conversations about the same subject between other characters in different scenes. Conversations of different conversations continue to be smooth even though there is a reverse and the fourth sequence between the characters and the different locations. That was a good direction and corrections and made it usable. In this case, <br /> <br /> When I started watching this series again, I immediately remembered why I lost interest in this matter when 15 years ago, despite all the ingredients for a good performance But the story and the story are disappointing and confusing from the beginning. For one thing, the name of the show is totally misleading. When the Second World War ended in May Fri, 1945, no longer fighting, so obviously no longer "home" anymore. The first curiosity of the "Homefront" performance began in 1945 after the war ended. That is like shooting the first scene of "Gilligan Island", which shows the broken cracks. All evidence of the title display is completely lost. I still hope with the possibility of the rest of the series that is backward. But none of the performances took place from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series failed miserably in any attempt. In the third episode, it became clear that this series was nothing more than a vehicle. Ambiguous for the political agenda with the left wing The show is located in the River Run, Ohio, near Toledo. However, the racist pattern of the list makes it look like Jackson, Mississippi, rather than Ohio. Part of the casting was Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr., who painted the Davis family. Most series show that the Davis family was treated by evil "whites" to the point of being ridiculous and totally ridiculous if not laughing. National cards have been played and played by Hollywood for over 40 years. In addition, we are tired of having to rub the nose every day. The subject of racism is not popular with the audience, and it is a kiss of death for any program, like "Homefront". Their role as a stereotype "Black families who are afraid / angry" racism exaggerated in this series makes it seem that everyone in Ohio is a member of KKK or something like that. Racial problems may be mentioned in this program at the same time by a simple punch in the nose or fist fight, which is a big deal that deserves a strong blow and let that be. The dedication of the series to the nation is very old. In fact, it's just stupid. <br /> <br /> In another story that is ridiculous, the big boss of the local factory. As Ebenezer Scrooge, like a character who resists pensions and cares and doesn't care about acid drops on his staff The workers protested and occupied the factory in a communist communist propaganda message that was blatant to the audience. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series has a very high potential. Can the writer put the time line in 1941 easily? 1945 is a name that shows and demonstrates the difficulties of food and gas rationing and working in a 14-hour war factory. Of course, losing a brother, son, and husband who fought abroad will also add drama. The situation is also perfect for writing a special guest star as a soldier or a USO personnel through their city during training or on the way to Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for the story and the good story are endless. But not the writers of the Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) ignore completely or interestingly related issues. But they missed the point and strayed into a strange and unrelated passion for racism and left-wing politics It would not be fair for the actors to condemn the entire series. But the plans and situations in which they were placed are all garbage
