After reading a lot of comments on this film, it is clear that there are two types of science fiction movie viewers. There are people who are well-read, well-written and intelligent. They know the history of the genre and most importantly, they know the height that it can reach in the hands of talented writers For many years in science fiction in the basement of literature Considering that most of my critics are stories of shotguns and little aliens that are meaningful for teenagers with pre-teen age. Today, fans who read well know this history and know famous writers. Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury and Ellison who helped bring science fiction out of that basement In doing so, they create inspirational ideas, intelligent stories that extend the boundaries and define new human conditions. Fans with good knowledge are very important to what Hollywood has to offer. they They are not important because they are selfish. But look at each proposal with a suspicious eye (As should be a record of Hollywood less than celebrities) For these fans, the story must be of the utmost importance. They cannot be fooled by flashy graphics and dynamic action sequences. When the emperor had no clothes, they screamed loudly. <br /> <br /> The second type of science fiction movie has little knowledge about the writing style of the genre. (See many of the comments mentioned above. "I didn't read any books or anything by this author ...) that they read science fiction from Scifi movies or channels. They were not particularly interested in looking over. Big plot holes, weak locations and thin stories. If they get the power of action, wiz bang and great special effects, they are ready to turn off their critical thinking skills. At the time of the movie Case in point, I Robot, while predicting from Asimov's short story and named after one of his novels, it has little to do with Asimov. Building a robot (Those of you who will run out and buy me, the robot will be very surprised - this movie doesn't depend on that story!) <br /> <br /> This movie has a big hole. That at some point that was stretched to the limit of ignorance, the spoon did not eat you You have to practice thinking skills and search for yourself. The character, which has been named after many Asimov characters, has no significant intelligence which is a hallmark of his story. His own plot with action scenes, everything that conflicts with everything the author insists. His belief that humanity has the ability to solve problems using the mind is not important in understanding his vision in the future. In the short term, apart from the names, they are very little of Isaac in everything about this movie. There are things that are not important. (Such as the unthinkable) to say: "Movies don't have to be like this book because sometimes the movies sometimes need to be changed." But in the event that the movie never tries to be close to the book (Or books) from the beginning? What happens if what they take from writing is the name? This raises the question: Why do you have to make a great job dirty by slapping it on your ridiculous work? Save money and do not buy the right to work Name it something else Do not use the name of the character. Believe me that no one will accuse you of imitating In fact, it doesn't matter what you do with unread movie viewers who accept everything you throw at him. But it will make readers who think that they are not happy to allow you to show their beautiful lights to them. <br /> <br /> I'm a robot like Hollywood people pushing science fiction back. To the basement that had lived many years ago. Hollywood couldn't do this alone. Must use an irrational audience to accept such ridiculous digging
