Yes, Kazaam is one of the horrendous bad movies that almost reminds one of all the unusual things, not just movies for children. But it's about humanity here. We have Shaq as a rap. - Yes, RAPPING genie - where he did everything from bad pook play to dressing in ridiculous outfits. Everything ended at him. In Christlike manner So yes, expect a bit of magic, really, including the first desire that is a lot of junk food falling from the sky. (And, unfortunately, do not knock both the main characters, especially children). What may be unexpected is that one movie with children and Shaquille O'Neill is probably the most amazing person! The main plot of this film deals with this child, playing in an unusual and annoying fashion by Frank Capra's great child. (The grandson of Frank Capra (Which the boy shouted with anger)) Who was locked in a boom box, then "goodness ensues" as the boy made his Shaq-genie like a slave while he waited for the last two wishes of He, as he tries to pay the father who is not in a shady gang, <br /> <br /> This story, the story of a really cute son and dad, isn't good enough because there are some lines that are right. Voiced in the movie Several million stories (Eg "There are two opportunities in life" from father to son), but it is Shaquille O'Neill that is both a reason to watch movies (ironically) and the obvious clues of it all. His plot line involves him when he is not receiving too much treatment from Capra to rap inside the conversation and start his blooming recording career. He also kicked his ass and received the name of the main villain who wanted him back in the box. So there will be a movie camp factor. At one point But this is a scene full of fierce scenes and moments 'Feel the heart' that does not have any business with the remaining content. Some people may ask whether the filmmaker or not, which clearly follows the popularity of BASKETBALL players who want to perform in Michael Jordan, if it is near, entertaining or reliable. I hope they know that they just get paid. But I hope that more than that, they feel that there is at least a guilt for feeding the Shaq. <br /> <br /> So if you want to have Shaq's enjoyable night as a genie-turn-rapper - Turn to use all the followers to enjoy with you more. Hell, it might be interesting to return the Shaq movie with this and his iron-hearted efforts, but if you hope to keep a few brain cells away from the most likely things in 1996 and other candidates in the worst group in 90
