This film, 1996, was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I had watched. And when I did that, I was shocked. Most novels have been abandoned and I think William Hurt is a miserable person as Rochester. Since then, I have seen other important adaptations of the three novels of '44, '70 and '97 and ' Three series mini series '73, '83 and 2006 and I noticed that there were worse modifications and worse rochesters. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Jane Eyre's adaptation is the most beautiful. That the film is related, director Franco Zerifferelli admired The beauty of the snow that fell from the winter skies, which Rochester stood alone on the rock and Jane looked out the window. But he is not good at telling stories and bringing characters to life In addition, his script is just scratching the surface of the novel by leaving a very important scene. As a result, the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and sadly, it does not include the humorous aspects of their sexual intercourse. There are a number of short conversations between Rochester and Jane. Each chapter has a beautiful talk. But the sentences they exchange are not enough to show the audience that they are attracted to each other. We know that they should fall in love. But we never saw it happen The scene in which Rochester wanted to find Jane's reaction to his dilemma by placing his case in a fictional form before her, after Mason had completely disappeared from the house and the farewell scene The most important - the pinnacle - of the novel has been reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli did not make mistakes. Other script writers in place of their bad writings for the writings Visited the Brontë did not have a key scene changed and rewritten completely. But he made less mistakes. What was left was just a glimpse of the unjust novel with Charlotte Brontë's masterpiece <br /> <br /> The actors were mixed bags: while Fiona Shaw was Mrs. Reed at The excellent Jane Young of Anna Paquin is more than impolite. Manners Lolita more than a little girl who is so lonely for Joan Plowright's love. But far more than Fairfaix and anyone can not feel that Billie Whitelaw should play the witch in the village instead of Grace Poole, which looks neat and hard to work. However, Charlotte Gainsbourgh as a grown-up heroine is the perfect choice for Playing Jane Eyre looked at everything like 18 years old, skinny and weak with unusual and strong features. She approached my inner vision of Jane more than a surfer. And in the first 15 minutes of my time screen, I was fascinated by her performance. Gainsbourgh managed well to let the audience guess from the internal fire and the strong intentions hidden behind. Patience mask Unfortunately, the script does not allow her to extend the fascinating and lively side of Jane's character. As a result of going out many scenes and making the conversation much shorter, Jane's image must be incomplete and ultimately unsatisfactory. This is a shame, as well as a better script. Charlotte Gainsbourgh may be Jane as good as Zelah Clarke in the '83 version. <br /> <br /> But while still clear that Gainsbourgh is trying to play, Jane doesn't have a trace. Any of Rochester in the manner that William Hert plays as Hertz, who proved himself to be a good actor in many good movies, had to realize that he was intelligent and innocent, so he never even tried to play Rochester in the novel. Rochester, in addition to being blond and blue eyes, is also a noble, gentle, shy and shy person who is quiet and a little strange and strange. But in general, good habits and impolite He is still far from being angry, irritable, and insensitive to the character of his character. In addition, at various times of the movie, Hurt's facial expression makes someone wonder if he is fighting a sudden onset of insomnia. Especially in the scene of the proposal that he looks like a patient who is mobilized from general anesthetics and hardly able to open his eyes. If you compare his Rochester with the strong and charming protagonist of the novel, just full of energy and emotion, it is not surprising that many viewers are disappointed in Hurt's performance. Yet he makes me less offended than the Rochesters in Model '70, '97 and 2006 and I will rank Jane Eyre in general, above the other three. Clearly, Hert has the intelligence to accept that he can't be Rochester's novel, and therefore doesn't try to do that while George C. Scott Ciaràn Hinds and Toby Stephens think they can do But failed miserably See other characters that are not Rochester more than Rochester who played badly. And I want to see Jane Eyre movies that cut many novels But didn't create a new movie more than a movie that uses modern dialogue, which sounds as if they can talk to a lover in a Starbucks cafe. Of course, Jane Eyre is a failure. But at least it is a harmless thing that more than one can say of adaptation in the year 97 and 2006. I will not stop anyone who looks at this adjustment: you won't find Jane Eyre but at least You will find beautifully crafted movies.
