... and you can view the statement in a number of ways. First of all, it is busy because of the scary and violent scenes. Your ultimate imagination doesn't come close to some of the scenes that are clearly displayed. Here, the various parts of this movie are just boring, disgusting, resentment, cruelty and they bring you near now. I love horror and I am 'Pro violence' but I think it has to be somewhere !! Is it too much to ask? The Cradle of Fear is just a series of critically ill and twisted thoughts. "The movie" consists of four separate chapters that connect together with a thousand stories. Resulting in endless torture, murder and illness, only to find that the victims have something in common There is hardly any information if you ask me and still - have to say - basic plot ideas have absolute potential. It's about a hypnotist about eating meat, a man who made a deal with the devil to avenge himself and cause misery and death to everyone involved in his experiment Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so they should focus on this rather than creating the most disgusting movie. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the production of this movie is a mess. Not much budget, and they use all the money with fake blood and machines in ... tons of it !! The show is funny and the worst thing I've ever seen. Other special effects, besides the make-up, look very professional. (Such as trying to make a real car) no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... even trying to create it. <br /> <br /> Cradle of Fear is a failure and The opportunity to miss out on the least talk With the appearance of a metal icon of death, Danni Filth (from the Cradle of filth..get the link?), This film has a clear meaning to the distorted teen's eyes that have been controversial. Girls and children with problems who are happy to worry about their parents by watching this shit. And then people complained that the number of suicides and misconduct of children and youth is increasing ... I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you get influenced or eliminate the mind that is not stable For all horror fans who respect themselves, this movie is considered an insult.
