Everyone who makes this movie, especially the director, has a reasonable idea of ​​the logic of the story. These are not just plot holes. But is a deep tomb when we lose sympathy for the main character and his fate That is, if you are kind enough that the audience will ignore the truth of most movies that the character is a servant who plots the grave or is boring and unique. Or in the case of Downey and Hannah's characters, it doesn't seem necessary In pondering the reasons for the existence of the characters in the major movie screen of Downs, I decided that both the director liked his character and added unnecessary screen time. (I don't like it because the director didn't change anything, really necessary) or that his character is going to be sacrificed on the altar that is not well planned. I'll let you guess what it is. <br /> <br /> I have to check the cover of the DVD to confirm that this is a really reliable ability. I don't understand why Robert Altman did this job. Of course he has the power to choose and choose. In fact, I do not understand why everyone is taking this role, except the first director looking for experience. <br /> <br /> I think Robert Downey Jr. needs money for his habits. I think Kenneth Branagh wants to try. Southern accent I think Robert Duvall received only a few pages of the script and thought that the role of separation sounds interesting. This is the only inspiration I can see that will force a good actor to take a role in this film. For Robert Altman, many efforts in his part to make the movie look great I found myself observing that he had such frames and scenes, or using bright orange floating shirts in other scenes to draw the movement of the eyes or to define beautiful filters to create specific emotions In general, I didn't notice things in the movie because most of the movies I bother to watch until the end made me participate in the reasoning of good storytelling and interesting characters with understandable motivation. I watched this thing until the end, because the laughing optimistic element of myself still looked at the DVD cover and believed that due to the relevant capabilities, there must be a ransom factor in this movie. <br /> <br /> Direction That's good, but that's not the reason I watched movies.
