I have read many good things about my favorite novel adaptation ... so my expectations were crushed. But they were crushed more than they should be This movie is probably a good movie if I didn't read the novel before, which might destroy it for me. <br /> <br /> In any case, for some reason, they changed the labor camp at Toulon. The ship is full of slave kitchens. The scene in Bishop Myriel's is well done in addition to the kitchen. Things that survived until the termination of Fantine because we do not want bad things to happen to good women. She sells her teeth or is a prostitute. The worst thing she did was run into the mayor's office and spit in front of him. Bamatabois was completely eliminated because having an illegitimate child should not mention Tholomyes as Fantine's husband instead of being irresponsible. Valjean can bring Cosette to Fantine before Champmathieu, so they gather together happily. But is changing again Then the convent came in, which was a rather difficult scene to miss. Fortunately, it was recorded. However, after this three-minute precision, the film began to rush towards Classic Novel Butchering again. <br /> <br /> When Cosette and Valjean were riding the park, they met Marius to speak at the meeting. About prison reform When he distributed the flyers to Valjean and Cosette, he said that one line in the movie made me scream at the TV. "I am not a revolutionary." I heard Victor Hugo crash into his grave. Their course is revolutionary! They want to oppose the dictatorship that is in favor of other republics. It is a historical fact that there was an uprising against the government in 1832. <br /> <br /> At one point, Cosette went to Marius to donate from her father for the reform movement and met Eponine except ... not Eponine or at least. It is not the Eponine of the Eponine book. This seems to be a secretary who works well at work for prison reformers. (Who is currently working in Cafe Universal when compared to Cafe Musain), not to mention the audience who disliked her because she was not the one who had a dress that was not tight and had an insulting gesture. <br /> <br / > Prison reformer (led by the lowest quality Enjolras) that I have ever seen) decided that the distribution of brochures is not good enough anymore. So they will create obstacles I do not know anything about you But I never heard about the reform movement that ripped the road and created obstacles and attacked government forces. About three hundred people (It should not be a lot) began to attack the national land and build a fence, etc. Eponine died for Marius. Thank you <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is accurate except Javert's suicide again. It seems difficult to understand, thanks to his tiny screen and the interpretation of strange characters. The movie ends with Valjean watching Javert jumping into the river. This is not correct again because Valjean never let Jacques drown. He saved human life earlier, why would he die now? Then there was the crossing of Val Jean's confession to Marius, his deterioration and his redemption with Marius and Cosette beside him. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can blame. Most scripts for problems While I am glad that Enjolras and Eponine appeared in the movie, at least they were terribly wrong, as did all the scenes. The elimination of Fantine's suffering caused us to not feel too much of her pity. Cosette knew Valjean's past since the beginning, confused with the plot. I didn't see Thenardier and Mme. Suddenly there was a few seconds of screen time. Like Gavroche, I like Frederich March's Valjean interpretation, which is one of the redeeming features of the movie. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for his excellent performance in other films, seems to have received no attention Javert lips tremble, unnecessary shouting, and his performance in general. But feeling very guilty, he is like the Javerts that I have seen, not appearing to be dangerous, something that the character wants. <br /> <br /> Again, this movie may feel a lot better if I don't read the book. I would not recommend booking a pistil. I would say that this movie will be a good adaptation for the time when it was not the infamous French version that had been released last year.
