When I told others that I criticized movies as a hobby, the first thing they said was "What do you think about this movie and like that?" There are a few problems here. Firstly, there is a possible opportunity that I have not seen and made me destroy my reputation. Secondly, I can leave the movie that is a problem without realizing that it is their favorite. Finally, I can give the DVD a look so that they can judge my opinion. So I found myself sitting before "The Convent", which is the type of movie that I would ignore all the options. But cannot be avoided here More regrettable because of the horrifying "horror" that is frighteningly scary like a kitten box. <br /> <br /> After the retro thinking "The Convent" focuses on American high school students in Travel For the abandoned temple in the mission to be thrown with stones and laid gently But you will not guess what will happen next A group of devil nuns, one flesh-eating protagonist, emerges from a spider web that chooses to pick children one by one in the classic horror movie tradition. One of them will survive and more importantly, do you have nothing better to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that protects "The Convent" from the overall waste of time is the fact that no one has done this seriously with the exception of Coolio's bizarre hijack as a police officer. Finger cover. It is too scary to be afraid - correctly. Cheerleaders, zombies that make a chipmunk sound unreasonable, daytime work that appears when you become a zombie - but the thing that can kill it is horrible. Is the fact that you can tell right away When someone is about to jump out and get killed in an orderly manner But even if they try, I still wonder if it will work - the demon nuns wear the makeup you see on the show. "Buffy The Vampire Slayer" is not that scary. The most frightening thing about this film is that over 10% of voters give the highest score. I mean i know it's funny But I hardly split sides To be honest, I have more fun with the dentists. <br /> <br /> "Convent" is not really a horror movie. It's more funny horror movies like "Scary Movie" or "Shaun Of The Dead" but you laugh instead of it. I can't recommend this to anyone except the family of actors and teams. But even then I still wondered how much they enjoyed it. I do not enjoy the type "Very poor" - Personally, I feel that if filmmakers can't tolerate turkeys, I shouldn't try. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they should go home and do something more creative. For example, Rubik's cube The DVD box has two price stickers. One price is 4.99 pounds and the price drops 3 pounds. But it is sold for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy. The price is very bad. Sorry if you like, but "The Convent" is a garbage dump that is not pure.
