I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (the player is the lead character, Marvin Mange in this movie). He said what he wanted to emphasize the physical comedy here. Even if you mute, you will laugh. In this movie Obviously it must be a secret. I turned on the sound. Actually, I was listening to this and thought it was disastrous and incomplete - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance in "Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo" <br /> <br /> That story. Stupid: Mange is a big loser who dreams of being a police officer full of animal transplants after a car accident by a mad scientist named Dr. Wilder (Michael Katan) appropriately and the results began to lose control. "His animal instinct" makes him a "supercop". He can inhale drugs hidden in the body cavity and the horse runs faster. Of course, he also has a disgusting habit of eating cattle of people and trying to seduce their goats. But of course it is a small price to pay It didn't do anything for me. <br /> <br /> Actors left to want. Hollywood, everyone in Hollywood is more annoying than John McGinley. Here, he plays Sgt Sisk, the commander of Mange. The Metropolitan Police is a nasty cartoon character. (Like his doctor character in the mysteriously popular TV series "Scrubs.") I was worried to see Colleen Haskell's first "serious" work in the movie. This story is called Of course, she gained a reputation as a contestant in the first game. "Survivor" and she proved what we know from this: she is cute like a button What she doesn't prove here is that she has a talent that can be seen as an actor. And what with Ed Asner as Wilson's police chief I mean, how old is this guy now? He is the size of a cow that tries to eat and seems to suffocate him. I was surprised that he had done it through filming. Adam Sandler (Which serves as the executive producer of this story too). A short hijack. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I laugh twice: handle the squeaky toys in the police car and the Schneider scene. With Haskell and Orangutan - Orangutan with more acting ability! So for two chuckles - 2/10
