Boring, just sclocky, scary and ordinary scary Talk about honesty when you sit down to see what is called The Double-D Avenger. You don't expect great art or even mainstream entertainment. You may expect a cult movie type and may get a good look at impressive breasts. You do not have one of these things in the video. The story that corresponds to most of these types is nonsense: Kitten Natividad, a local pub owner, finds that she has breast cancer flying to South America to find fruits that claim to be a panacea for illness. The human ability to reward and dress up as a Double-D Avenger. A group from a local club that wants to leave the competition. It's a story. I have seen more. But as other reviewers noticed that the operation was a scary matter. Action sequence, lack of zip drive, motivation and lightness The show was not full of appropriateness and the dialogue was a hole. Nothing and I mean there is nothing funny from playing the harp to referring to the fool. Everyone may be forgiven if the girls can compensate. But all of them are short. Kitten, Haji, and Raven de la Croix are somewhat older. (Still cute in their own way) but did not reveal anything and became the opposite of what they were trying to be But they look weak and hopeless - more than because the vehicles they "starring" are more than their own abilities There are other lovely women, but you don't see much. PG-13 may be the right level for this. Content, actors and directors tired and outdated - and again - is not a joke! It was a cruel hour plus sitting through this thing and that was a shame that I expected something that was full of fun. Men who play Bubba in that way are just real laughter for me. Not that he is good at your heart But every time he opened my mouth, I still thought he was really scary. The lone bright spot here is to see Mr. Sci-fi himself. Forrest J. Ackerman plays the curator of the wax museum and talks to Frankenstein. His wax is intimately called Frankie. In addition, this is the perfect breast - what is it now for those who are tired, scary and clumsy ?!
