I am a student of movies and have been for many years. And the concept of cyber kung fu chimpanzees makes me wonder if "Is this a movie that will break the mold?" Let's face it. America has never been destroyed by any cinema after a great class, such as "Monkey Trouble" and "Dunston Checks In". The best has already been used, but "Funky Monkey" came. I laughed. I cried and committed suicide. <br /> <br /> Now I have read about the possession of demons in the Bible. But still did not explain why some people created evil products First of all, I have intelligence, at least knowing that the chimpanzee is actually a monkey, not a monkey. However, I'm sure the filmmakers will solve this problem more clearly in this film. They can't. I would like to conclude this art: The company named Z.I.T. has decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they talked about something about soldiers working for bananas. But when it costs about 13 million dollars of money, the government in training this chimpanzee doesn't seem worth it. Anyway, ZIT leads the CIA (Matthew Modine) expert to train Clemens (The Chimp). Clemens is everything. ZIT hopes He was able to get rid of all the guards, which seemed to be able to gain training skills at a local mall But still able to warn us that we are watching movies for children. Modine found that Z.I.T.'s intention may be evil. (Gape!) And decided to destroy Clemens as a representative of the CIA and everyone. Modine knows that the best way to make him disappear is to go to the big city, rent a guest room, appear regularly on television in While fighting crime and spending checks, <br /> <br /> ZIT finds out where Modine is staying and sends two of the best things to restore him. These guards should be the best comedians from Martin and Lewis, or Turner and Hooch. It doesn't matter because in the end, for the end of the twist, the good guys win !!! Yeah! Cheers for predictions! Throw in a stupid boy who learns to be himself, a lonely mother who wants dating and editing songs with songs that are even blackballed by Radio Disney. And will you get "Funky Monkey" key points in the movie? Football game! Played by gangsters, bumblers, chimpanzees and stupid children Looks like nobody cares about substitution in high school football. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey never gives up! It is your seat entertainment. Some people may call this "American Beauty" of features that are full of monkeys. After the end of this epic, I remember having heard about the train staff who lost a lot of brain activity when the metal bar broke through his temporal lobe. Funky Monkey is a metal bar amid the movie.
