I watched this thing a few days ago. This film was filmed with a handheld camera and there are many things that are made now, which was first released since we do not have many studio images that do this. I couldn't help but feel that it was a mechanism rather than anything designed to make the audience think that what we saw on the screen didn't have all the compromises that came with a great budget. "However, what we have at This is nothing more than the first half of the Full Metal jacket, so anyone who sees that or someone else copied there will know what to expect. <br /> <br /> The main problem with me. There is Fixed drama with weak children leaving their depths, singing a close choir. Ebonics throws black dudes, world sergeants, bitter and mental twists, etc. etc .. All things are brought into different situations to give. Stiffness and tension at any time Perhaps this is the intention to emphasize the stupidity and injustice of the situation. Maybe it is laziness or maybe it's just a committee that is trying to attract the largest audience. All I know is that it's annoying. One thing that is new is the combination of volunteers and enlisted men. (Usually every character must be forced into the situation) even though the scenes between the two main characters are played very well This seems to be the main essence of the plot, with volunteers coming into their feelings and the attendees receiving their sense of duty and worthiness. But all of this is done in a way that is quite forced and unpredictable. Another big problem I have is that every character (except psychos and real softies) will respond to the inevitable conflict in the first invasion and the threat of violence. Facing the Stoicism of Far Far Rell Reasonable and negotiated. <br /> <br /> I guess if I have to find a positive, it will be a performance from two leading actors, which are very strong and reliable, even if considering the character formulas of the characters t too difficult. br /> <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew up to be Zeke outside the Tour of Duty and for my money 4 episodes of that would be more fun to watch.
