* Warning - No spoilers planned in advance. But the spoiler of the movie ... * my other important rent for me by thinking that it would be a wonderful love with all the actors. Wow - very wrong. This movie is an excuse Exaggerated and unreasonable excuses from the release of student films 15 years after being filmed! The copyright date in the box says that in 2005, but during the first retrospective, I watched the clothes and hairstyles that should be in the early 1960s and noticed that girls, especially wearing dresses and the late 80s / early 90s It looks like it will be able to shoot well 15 or 20 years before the rest of the film! I try to facilitate myself that it is backward and therefore should look old. But it seems WWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAYAYYYYYYYYYYYYY more than 80 in the 60s or even the 21st century trying to be a 60s ... looks like a boy who gives priority in the past (But it is a different and older character that the children give importance to in the past.) I was completely confused until I saw the special features that the short film included - it was all sequences filmed in 1990. Is a complete student movie of the same name as this movie! There are also reviews that include every little boy growing up. (And the performance of colleagues in the scene in 2005), so this movie is just the shell of the story that weaved around the old student movie that has been re-cut into a clear excuse to get to the drama The story of a bullet that was shot in 2005, mostly about a man who lost his wife and found treatment and redemption at the dance floor that he promised to the dying man that he would join in his position. In the early 60s to his women that they would meet in "The fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot scenes around old movies in 2005?) These new scenes and plot may be OK, except the grateful score that is too scary to repeat the nausea in almost every new scene and the ancient action that permeates the new movie. Don't worry, there's no reason why you haven't heard this before. Famous actor - it's terrible
