Since most of the reviews of this film were screened over the past decade, I want to add the latest one again. The film is opened with stock images of Germany's B-17 bombs, Oskar Werner's Hauptmann's cut movie ( Captain) The helper rushes to seek refuge while walking to Hitler's Fuehrer Bunker. Inside, they are asked by the movie bunker personnel and then cut the scene. This is one of the many meeting scenes with Albin Skoda Victory. "While Werner's character showed up slowly to realize that the bunker was stuck in a fantasy world - some events that were not bunkers were portrayed. The most notable is the flooding of the subway system to protect Russia through them and minors. Sub-plans related to the young members of the Flak unit and the difficulties in the survival of his family - the film suffers from a number of inaccurate details, which the German film made only 10 years after WW2 should Not included; Actress Painter Goebbels (Willie Krause) wears the same outfit as Hitler, including an eagle-arm. Goebbels wears a brown Nazi party uniform with a swastika armband - "SAS Soldiers "soldiers wear military uniforms to camouflage German troops Hitler's boy, the youth, showed that happened inside the bunker. (It was done outside the lawn) and finally Hitler's suicide weapon clearly shows that the Belgian Browning style of accounting, 1922 - mostly agreed that it was Walther PPK - some bits of the show also. It seems totally wrong with the drunken dance scene near the end of this remarkable film. This bit is shown as a panic cabaret with intoxicated soldiers. (His arms in the splint) Goose like crazy. Nurses make a combination of dance / belly dancing together by candlelight ... This is really embarrassing to watch - the most incredible thing is when Werner's Captain Wust gets the same audience as Hitler's Skoda, Hitler. As shown, when Werner's character began to question him, Hitler began to scream, which was brought in at the time of the SS, which is Werner's wounds in the background with a gunshot - this invention cannot be B With the true historical story - Werner's character is dragged to death in the living room while Hitler prepares for his own end. Hitler says goodbye to his staff. But suicide outside the screen, the second movie of Hitler's last film The face of death, Oskar Werner / Hauptmann Wust - This film is more metaphorical than history and anyone interested in this period is better to check out the latest movies, such as the 1973 movie remake "Hitler: The Last 10 Days". Or the German movie "Downfall" (Der Untergang). If they want an amazing story about this drama, these two movies will be based on the account of the first person who saw the event. "Hitler: The Last 10 Days" g Compiled from Gerhard Boldt's autobiography as an officer in the Fuehrer Bunker and "Downfall" made from the memory of Hitler's secretary. Screen for "Der Letzte Akte" Judge The crime of Michael Musmanno from American Nuremberg died "which is an event collection. (Obviously more) than events in the past, witnesses - it is surprising that the account of Hugh Trevor Roper, "Hitler's last day. "Never made a movie
