And I repeat, please don't see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This set is the record for the worst and no-trying comedies movie ever. At least among the comedies that come today, the jokes are quite rough and flat. But writers and directors try to at least make them funny I never bored to repeat my favorite motto: Everyone thinks they can perform comedy and only 10 percent is right. Funny is difficult! This is not the type that a fool can play with. I thought it was terrible that the filmmakers compared this piece of garbage with "Kentucky Fried Movie". In general, these bozos are comparing their so-called comic abilities with Jim Abrahams and the great Zucker Brothers. Have watched the movie Pauly Shore 10 times more fun than "The Underground Comedy Movie". Here is an example of comedy for those who want to know about watching this movie: a sketch related to superhero. All that he had beaten his enemies by spraying them with semen. That's all funny. Wow. This is just enough to make Carrot. Top rolling his eyes again. The sketch deals with men who have sex with the dead in porn. And in another sketch, there is a beauty contest for ladies, where we experience the terrifying sights of middle-aged women wearing bikinis, hats and stretch marks. In addition, making homeless people more fun than jokes It is a step from mocking the mentally disabled. The whole movie is probably a satire. I think filmmakers forget that the key elements of the words ... are truth !!! For anyone who really likes this shit, explain to me what is the truth about these gags! Some sketches may sound funny on paper. But anyone who studies screen writing knows that if there are gag sounds too funny on paper, it might not be funny on the screen. If I tell someone about black gay virgins who help themselves to be the right person, he or she may laugh. But watching the playback on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag I hate that whenever people criticize comedy, the eyebrows are so low because it's not funny. They are seen as squares attached. I just saw "White Chicks" recently. This is another joke that Not politically correct But I laughed out The most nasty thing about "The Underground Comedy Movie" is not a joke! What writers and directors don't understand is having But the dirtyness and lack of taste did not work There must be more! Just think of the famous scene from "There Something About Mary" (ironically, the filmmakers bozo enough to put Farrellys on their special thank you list). The joke about semen is not just a joke because it's related to fluids In his body, Ben Stiller was thinking about the bathroom to make sure he didn't go out with a gun loaded. Then he looked around to see where all the semen was released. The sound was knocked at the door and he had to answer it. Mary dating him at the door, and that is when it is revealed that the semen hung on Ben's ear. In this movie, there are many gags about the characters that shed sperm out to people without any accumulation, as Jay Leno always said. "This funny story isn't easy, right?" Please remember that Vince offers because you're not cut out for this type !! The only reason people might laugh at these jokes is because they want to feel modern. Let's face it today, it's hip to laugh at things that aren't politically correct. I know that jokes are personal ... but this movie shouldn't be funny for anyone except the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, this film must be done before Michael Clarke Duncan's reputation in movies such as "Armageddon" and "The Green Mile." There is no other reason that his talented actor will volunteer for As part of this uncommonly strange performance, others in the show are not actors, actors or movie stars. B Karen Black impresses well in "Five Easy Pieces", but I don't think she'll do it. Which is worth Slash may be poisoned in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin has nothing without "Baywatch". Angelyne is the biggest star of this film. (Remember that Duncan was not famous at that time) and there may be many people who have not heard her - for good reason. I normally support flicks with very low budgets. But this one deserves to drift into confusion I hope God will not become a classic cult! Shouldn't there be any law against this kind of crap distribution?
