Again, I saw movies made by people who didn't know anything. I just checked Baby Face Nelson. Now I see Dillinger and I have. <br /> <br /> This movie is rubbish. I don't know who in their right heart can compare this to classics like Bonnie and Clyde. This film is far from classic. Some people call it excellent. That's a crazy thing to say. This movie can't get any facts straight and it has the worst selection of actors I've ever seen. I do not know who is a fool who thinks to choose Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First, he doesn't look like him. Secondly, when John Dillinger was killed, he was 31 years old. When Oates did this, he was 45! You can tell that he is older than the real Dillinger. Just look at him. Not only is he too old. But Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis <br /> <br /> They showed that Baby Face Nelson was dead. Homer Van Meter and John Dillinger John Dillinger was killed before both of them. The last person to die in three people is Baby Face Nelson. But don't know when they die But they do not know how they died. Baby Face Nelson was not killed after he fled from Bohemia. Farmers did not kill Homer Van Meter with a gun. Homer Van Meter was taken by the police in St. Paul until the corner was shot by a machine gun. Another member of the Dillinger gang of Harry Pierpont shows that the police were shot in this movie. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was arrested and sentenced to die in an electric chair. I entered what happened to Baby Face Nelson in my Baby Face Nelson review. So I won't go here again. Let me add a picture of Richard Dreyfuss of Baby Face Nelson, who is pathetic. There is one scene in which he attacks Dillinger and then does not dance well. While the boy was dancing him, he cried like a baby and screamed. "Leave me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fight. Maybe Dillinger disagrees with Nelson's bank robbery method. But they never fought Nelson never cried like a little girl while being hurt. They called him Leicester "Baby Face" Nelson. He never knew this name in his life. Nelson's real name is Leicester Gillis and he changed his name to George Nelson. The black man who escaped from prison with Dillinger is Herbert Youngbold. But in this film, he is known as Red Young Bold. John Milius doesn't know anything. Where is John Milius getting his information? I might create a better movie than him. <br /> <br /> Finally, the way they showed John Dillinger's death was outrageous and inexcusable. This film shows that Dillinger came out of the biography with Lady In Red and his girlfriend Billy Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette couldn't even that night. But the girl named Polly Hamilton used to be Melvin Purvis yelled 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulled the gun and was blown to hell. It is true that Dillinger has no guns that night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he saw them, he blew him away. They don't need to shoot him. They were so close that they found burns on their faces. It's murder They also said that the man was killed that night, not John Dillinger. After killing a lot of civilians in the events that occurred in Bohemia mistress, can you imagine the FBI reporting that they had just killed another unarmed man? The guns they displayed, expected to be Dillinger, proved that they had not been produced until after Dillinger's death. I will go to the people they kill, not John Dillinger, but I will stop here. If you want to know more, take a look here. <br /> <br /> Watch the Dillinger model with Lawrence Tierney if you want. But don't waste time on this junk movie that is wrong
