Prove why Hollywood meetings come in. Old conversations, underdeveloped and flat characters and separate stories are just a part of the problems with the classic gangster. Efforts to be brave and different But it seems to be an effort to slap together to create the magic of Bonnie and Clyde of Arthur Penn (1967) and Butch Cassidy of George Roy Hill and the Sundance Kid Innovation (1969) filmmakers and movies - but fall below the bar. Problems with storylines are self-explanatory, resulting in the need to have voice overs to explain the part of the problem. The revision appears again to try to repeat the previous classics. But sometimes separate and causing more problems for me technically Unnecessary pictures were thrown in to show their filming. But should better serve the audience by sitting on the cutting floor Slides, monochrome paintings, and period music will be thrown out occasionally in different attempts or to cover scenes that cannot change well or change scenes that are not working at all and reminiscent of Butch Cassidy. And the Sundance Kid (1969) <br /> <br /> Stop performing too much dramatization between sentences, random images of the surrounding scenery that are not necessary for storytelling and the great performances of the people. Bits and supporting actors Be reminded of the rear camera director in the late 1980s - I was wondering who directed this movie during production and after production. Playing music in two shots and most close-ups then stopped in wide shots, emphasizing weak music scores. There is no dramatic sound editing because this film is a gunshot, footprints and dialogue. (Style used in the late 60s and mid 1970s by new directors) but no background noise makes it look realistic - especially the rubber squealing on gravel roads In my true opinion, the biggest problem of all is no character. 'Favorite' for the audience to determine the route and we do not lead to being regarded as the protagonist. Whether the gangsters or lawyers are characters that I want to see, victory and not focus on 'hero' - is necessary for any story to work for me. We know from the movies of Penn and Hill that 'heroes' are who, even if they are criminals, we like them and want to see them out. I don't care who is on the screen in this movie. I received the impression that John Milius tried to reveal the correct documentary based on the history of John Dillenger's life cycle from June 1933 to July 1934 (his death). <br /> <br /> For justice there. It was a time of great storytelling, a time that shone from the dark and gloomy cans of which the film was set up. John Milius improved greatly in the future movie, in which he seemed to not try to 'copy'. Other filmmakers Dillinger (1973) is not a story that celebrities and famous faces that are at the time of breaking are involved in Closed first 'Large budget' but waiting to be in the classic movie channel instead of spending money to rent or buy <br /> <br />
