What about Dahmer's childhood - double hernia surgery that is believed to spark a passion for work within the human body? What about "Infinity Land"? - The game that he invented when he was a child involved in the destruction of men will be destroyed when they come too close, saying that the proximity is the most dangerous What about the relationship between his parents and the emotional problems of a mother that is more relevant than just his relationship with his father? His feelings were abandoned when his brother was born? What about his passion for insects and animals? Can he separate Roadkill and put it in the woods behind his house and then focus on his meat eating? What about the divorce of parents? This is everything that should be included in the movie. But the film makers choose to have us get 'snapshots' from one or two nights in his life and integrate with a set of confusion and sometimes unnecessary unnecessary events with unrelated events. Only with our understanding of Dahmer. <br /> <br /> Why did the filmmaker not show that Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people? He can make this point many times, especially in the scenes where he uses drugs, victims while he has sex with them (which actually happens in a health club, not a nightclub), but he returns. Let him smash them from behind. <br /> <br /> While I admire, there is only so much information that you can compress into 90 minutes (or long, however), but why spend most of the time? Check his relationship with Luis Pinet? (Known as Rodney in this film) The only thing I can guess is that the director is trying to create Pinet's character to try and make us afraid or caring about him. But this movie should be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why doesn't he spend forty-five minutes on anything else if their scenes and relationships are important enough to guarantee that time is fair enough, but it's not the scene in which he killed Steve. His first victim, Wayne Hicks, was an important part of Jeffrey Dahmer's story because it was the first kill and because of the killing effect on the rest of his life. he sent Unfortunately, this movie did not explain whether it was his first kill or that he didn't kill again for nine years. We think that because his hair style is different and he wears glasses that this is a flashback. But when? And why? <br /> <br /> What about the shrine he made in his living room at the end of his career - one of the most important clues we have on understanding Dahmer and his motivation .. <br /> <br /> Some people may find that I need accuracy in reality and have little details, but Jeffrey Dahmer's in-depth study is common to Saw that the film was a little similar He is the person who Why would it take time to create a film independently on the basis of Jeffrey Dahmer instead of dealing with the real problems behind the descent to madness and the ultimate murder? <br /> <br /> Finally, the movie With such disgusting content There should be 18 certificates. No. 15. We must see his distortion more deeply in order to understand that he has separated from the rest of us. That does not mean showing real training into the head of Konerak Sinthasomphone. But at least it indicates the number of people he killed and what his Modus Operandi is really killing when. Anyone who looks at this movie who doesn't know Dahmer's story may think that he killed a few people. He really killed seventeen men. <br /> <br /> In addition to facts and lack of depth There are good movie filming and good performances from both main characters. I would like to see this done again by filmmakers who are more knowledgeable, have more energy and are a better reason for making movies from the beginning.
