I found it warm and inspiring that the writers team behind the major Hollywood movies like Indiana Jones and Temple of Doom, American Graffiti and HOWARD THE DUCK will start their careers. Him with horror Perhaps a testament to the talent that will be nominated for Willard Hyuck and Gloria Katz. Later in his career, the Messiah of Evil has potential but sadness becomes frustrating because he cannot gather courage in Make a movie. <br /> <br /> The evidence relates to a young girl traveling to a small coastal town to find the father of a painter who disappeared for a moment. It didn't take long for the story to be dispersed in order to abandon hope and dive into irrationality - and while it worked great to the point that you began to think that it might be the Messiah. Of evil The exploitation of the 70s is an example of a mysterious mystery. <br /> <br /> Those who aren't dressed in surreal style are still stacked while the daughter stumbles on a young couple in the hotel room. In the city to research about the local myths of 'Blood Moon', an alcoholic and madman (played by Elisha Cook Jr., the great in the movie's best scene) who warns her about her father Those who are found to be dead in the alley the alley. By the dog later, the blind old woman who owns the local art gallery and has mysteriously removed her father's drawings from the shop. But not the end is the carnivorous taro. Br> Part of the charm of this movie is the precise dance of art, surrealism, basement bargaining, challenging logical meetings and every step of the way, while Lynch It was the mark of a creator capable of the Messiah of Evil. The boundary between 'intent' 'unintentionally' and 'did not expect it to come out this way, but it was good enough. - Desperately blurred WRAP scene. <br /> <br /> For example, two storytelling that flows in and out of the picture in the form of drugs, fever, stream of consciousness, one from the daughter while She walked from A place to search for her father and another person telling stories with her father's voice while reading his diary. <br /> <br /> While we are talking about the picture The 'dead life' Messiah of Evil is different and only one is loose - at least there is a current bias of the zombies that should be. The origin of the dead who lived here is a 100-year-old curse given to people in the city by 'Mysterious stranger' who came from the forest one day At the same time, Hyuck finds time for examples of consumer criticism in the meat-eating supermarket scene before the dawn of death with a good number of years. (You can hear the MST3K line: 'Humans are dead. Food of the capitalists only. Remaining cans') and a good idea But there is a similar scene in the cinema. <br /> <br /> In general, I think Surreal works with caution and gets a good amount of measurements. Completely normal inside? It seems that Hyuck will be bloody all over the picture and by doing great harm to his hand. When taro, for example, a young woman is traveling to the city and eating squirrels in front of you, you can imagine the director blinking meaningfully to the audience, having fun and being satisfied with his own hijack. The level of filmmaking in general is relatively low as well, after the half-way mark is messy, and the story is boring and obviously there is nowhere and not so fast. Add to the lack of corrections, average performances and the general inability of Hyuck to capture the true atmosphere - empty streets of the coastal cities were used in a criminal way - and I will file Messiah under Although it is not full of blood, garbage or lazy
