Skullduggery is a strange and bizarre movie based on the novel "Ye Shall Know Them" by Vercors, to release criticism that the film feels ruthless because it is a movie that involves serious themes like humanity and pleading for standards. Moral and high tolerance But even with a noble intention and a meaningful tone, Skullduggery is not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is a very separate storytelling which cannot decide how to convey the best message. In the first half of this movie, like watching a journey in the ordinary forest of Tarzan ilk; After that it became a science fiction; At the end, it sneaks into the melody courtroom. The color tone difference between each part of the movie is too good to overlook. They emerge as thumbs and always remind you that you are watching a messy movie. <br /> <br /> Archaeological surveys in the forests of New Guinea led by adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds ) One of the main archaeologists involved in field trips is the attractive female scientist Dr. Cybil Grame (Susan Clark) After a difficult journey, they stumble upon a tribe of monkey-like creatures. These ancient, long-lost people were covered with feathers and survived for centuries without touching or being influenced by the development of modern people. There is some evidence that they may be ancestors of the early humans? "The lost link" in the evolution of monkeys as humans Or perhaps the human race that looks and behaves differently than usual? Or even the species of animals that began to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the "Tropi" tribe and begin with excitement from their findings, but things turn out to be catastrophic when the adventurous opportunist Vancruysen (Paul Hubschmid) announces that he intends to take advantage of the tribe. And their idols on the name of the developer. He asked if Tropi was truly "human" and argued with the court, which he hoped would receive legal support to allow Your own craft can continue. <br /> <br /> This is the first movie in Reynolds' career, and in fact he doesn't balance this movie by acting like he is a comedian while actors. Others pay serious attention, not whether Reynolds can be blamed? He has an impossible role. Let's play as a charming adventurer, which is really in the Tarzan flick. His characters and movies are not related. Clark is seriously stronger than female archaeologists and has a good supporting role for British actors Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-White. The major flaw in Skullduggery is the weak and ineffective makeup used to make Tropi has a strange hair style instead of making the actors seem to be believing that Minho is convinced that the hair stuck makes them unintentionally funny? And that is not the right idea We mean great sympathy for these creatures. But it is very difficult when they look unreliable. Skullduggery is a failed attempt to tell a story that might be irritated by philosophy and motivation. The noble intention is for everyone to see. But the results did not cause justice Worthy failure may be But failure
