While the overall idea of ​​Escape from Atlantis is interesting, I found that this movie is less than I expected when reading the summer story. Maybe I was a kid in the technology era too: this movie was created because it was now 2002, five years ago - after watching epic fantasy such as Lord of the Rings and famous science fiction such as Star Wars Overall, I can't compare to other movies that have similar lines, such as Dinotopia or Homer's The Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My flesh in general is I can't relate to it. ) And there is no problem to put himself in the place of a middle-aged man if that is an existing character But the picture doesn't take me to the existence of a different mind I don't think myself saying 'ACK! I will do the same thing! 'It didn't open the door to my imagination. Although there is no comparison with high-budget movies or other TV movies that stand alone, some aspects of the qualities that I find are repetitive: character development in children occurs too quickly for the liking of me The image of a bitter divorce turns into a feeling that we have a happy family that has never been separated again, finally able to create or destroy the image in the long run. Even the characters themselves may be improved: the general set of one or the other pattern has a selfish beauty that is constantly stubborn, with the perfect picture of athletics. Good and intellect But still a contemplative attitude, and finally, the smartest little brother we found to be normal While I know that the personality pushes the story forward, I think that adding more identity as different and more unique differences will make it more fun - and convincing ( As far as the characters) - Movies <br /> <br >> I have to lift my glass to the set and design the dress - that makes it worth the decoration to the end. Don't understand me wrong: Every movie should be worth watching for yourself and the opinions of one person cannot explain the opinions of many people. But I think there is more depth than the script and a bit more (I don't believe I'm talking about this). In truth, I dare say that Escape from Atlantis should be magical.
