When I saw this movie, I heard all the advertisements and I heard that people said that Denzel deserved Oscar with his Golden Globe and I believe he had to do a great job because Kevin Spacey was great. I know that people say this doesn't make angry African American communities. (If not an African American) I often hear complaints about how African Americans have never been nominated and should be nominated. Sometimes this is true. (Not so much today) because Whoppi Goldberg should have received the Best Actress Award for The Color Purple and this film should receive the best picture. The only reason this movie was blown in a way that was because people saw movies about the difficulties (* SEMI-SPOILER *) of African Americans during the time of racism and they labeled it as a work. Masterpiece automatically. Br> <br /> Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor. But his role in this film did not affect me at all. I was bored with him in his movies and performances here, quite similar to his role in Malcolm X, but not as good as the audience should leave faith. That this man, Rubin Carter, was a saint People leave the movie that is worshiping this man, this hero and they go out and buy his book, making it the hero of this man. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * This movie tells you. The story of a man who spent time Most of his life was in prison because of an offense he had not done. Of course, the offense he committed (Most thieves) are only surviving. Nothing more. People feel sorry for him, even though drug dealers and thieves may have a large number of reasons. But was despised in society Everything in this movie tries to show that this man is a saint. (Except for the apparent infidelity that he had with his wife and the aggressiveness he showed others when he met his wife) but why didn't that point of view. I don't like movies (Especially the interpretation of Hollywood) that is based on the "real" story because they often distort the "real" parts into something else which is not true. This is his point of view and the construction of Hollywood. But everyone believes that it is undoubtedly true I researched his past before assuming and he was a very violent person. Not only that, there is also the possibility that he will kill those people. If you don't believe me, search him on the internet and read articles that some people have with him. The boxing match he claimed to win was really easy and won by his opponent Joey Giardello and had a tape to prove it. In addition, there are many distorted facts and intentions in this movie. Supporting actors are the best people I have ever seen on the face of the world and the personalities that Their "good and perfect" looks hard to follow. <br /> <br /> This movie is a Hollywood version. The remaining stories that will be told by reality Denzel's acting is bad and Mickey Mouse's attitude of the supporting actors is annoying. The movie starts very slowly and boring.
