I heard a lot about this movie with people who told me that I should see it because I was a fan of blood-filled movies. I caught it almost immediately. But one thing or another makes me not look at it - until now I would be better to remember that I had it. <br /> <br /> This movie is cruel. The worst thing is that it should be better than it actually is. I know it's the story of Clive Barker and all. And no, I didn't read that - but it seems that if you haven't yet, you will be like I'm fully clueless and disappointed. <br /> <br /> The movie starts. Good enough - actors believe interesting stories The first scene is a great way to grab your attention. I think blood looks bad. But when I saw it as the first scene that I hoped to be updated later, I was wrong. <br /> <br /> The blood and the effects were very scary. It was almost an insult to my intelligence. Whether to believe that, for example, someone can knock someone's head using a hammer to beat the meat only. WTF? CGI blood (they use any "real" blood or not. My house does things that look better than that used in this movie!) Unbelievable actions of organs (The eyeball emerges from the head Cut out neatly - no one remembers having all the bones all over our body?) The scene is too dark (every scene has a strange yellow color or hidden in the shadows) ... it's getting worse. He pointed out the error after the error was too much, adding to the fact that what would be and should be a great serial killer movie became a demon / demon / monster movie at the end ... no Thank you! It should be kept as a creepy, butcher in the subway - OK with the conspiracy theory thrown in - and the diligent photographer. Maybe they kill people and sell meat through the meat factory? Trustworthy is possible ... and I think it's better than "real" things that can have and should work. It turned out to be "Life at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it. But you and if you do not read the books well ... you just do not understand "tragedy fiasco, horrible things for movies that have such potential If you like fake blood and unconscious blood, you will love this. But if you have only half the brain in your head, you will hate it completely, far-away
