I do not know why But I think I've watched this movie before. Maybe it's the name, maybe it's the way the poster looks. I don't know. However, it is quite likely at first. And even throughout the feature, there is a bright time Probably because I'm not a big fan of horror and I haven't watched them much. But sometimes this person looks fresh But the rest of it is not good Sometimes laugh This movie is a slow walk, sometimes you will be so bored that you forget what the story is about. The characters are not as good as all. The butcher is ok, creepy and crazy enough. Even though I didn't get something that was strange looking on his chest (Scenes that look fake and kind of blue) and why do they collect them in bottles at home? The main leader is plain. His character is hard to believe and has not yet developed. But I guess this is wrong Why did he cry when he photographed his girlfriend? The actors on the side were not good as well. But the main thing I hate in this movie is women. My God, a woman in a horror movie, will have a brain when? It was ridiculous. The girl found out that the camera fanatic of the boyfriend tried to find the police that failed. Then she thought that the best idea was Why don't we go and get it! I know where the madman is! have! That is swelling! And looking for a camera in the bathroom! Why not, then went into the luggage room that had never been seen before and looked inside. Maybe the camera might be? No. But many interesting things are shiny. Mmmm. Realizing that the bag means that the cutting board is too hard for her tiny brain. Then, of course, the secret is not the end. "Falling down while running away" That makes it look really bad. Then, when wanting to hammer the last nail into the character at the end of the movie, she went into the FULL wagon, with a corpse laying up. In the car .. Jeez came. No one thought it was a good thing. Silly? Just great If her character is not that bad, maybe this movie might get one or two stars from me. And I will forgive the MMT character who can hit the head with an iron hammer (Friends in the train that the conductor was killed) The butcher shirt that can be protected from strange and cheap monster bullets in the end. Where is the fact that no one cares about hundreds of people (Judging on the skeleton in the dungeon) Lost in the city and the main characters who do not fall into bleeding. Death when he pulled out his tongue (He can hardly notice that I guess) Oh and the predictable ending. Damn, I know half way. The ending is disappointing. The only reason I still give credit to manufacturers is that movies generally look better than most of the horrors I have watched a few months ago. The visual style is good. Some shots are very good and good CGI that makes killing looks really cruel. (Although the blood doesn't look real) I guess some people will enjoy it. Some people, like me, will watch it. If there's nothing to see again, some people will definitely hate it.
