I heard and read many praiseworthy things about the "Midnight Meat Train", which is based on a short story written by Clive Barker and should be adjusted to the best for his work since "Hellraiser" that he directed. Own But until now I can express many diverse feelings about my viewing experience. The most appropriate word to summarize the entire movie in one word is: Unbelievable! Violence is both sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts young horror enthusiasts. But it is not satisfactory and is an exploitation Usually I like violence. But at least there must be some purpose of killing the real animal ?? That appears in the "Midnight Meat Train" is intended to shock and expel the audience with a weak nervous system and easy abdominal pain, and although not fully effective due to the use of digital computer effects There are more defects than some that are bigger than the pointless gore. But maybe I should focus on the good elements first The basic concept is a definite trend and there are many steps. (Such as chasing in a frozen room, for example) are pouring out with skepticism and scary atmosphere Unfortunately, the walk was not very consistent and the plot of the amazingly detailed was unnecessarily confused. Assuming that the processing of short stories in long documentary films is responsible for the irregularities that walk around. But I felt that they did better than the avatar as well as the characters played by Winnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon, the preferred photographer in New York, where the agent recommends finding a truly scary face through the picture. sinister Then Leon was obsessed with stalking the introvert and embarrassing Leon's constant midnight train while the butcher became a constant serial killer who smashed his victim. With a large hammer But the motivation and behavior of the killer suggest that something happens on the track at night. "Midnight Meat Train" occurs in natural unstable places, such as subway stations at night and slaughterhouses, as well as movies. This story also benefited from good performances and trucks of violently disturbed images. (Such as dead bodies on hooks and blood-stained locomotives) but director Ryûhei Kitamura ("with", "Godzilla Final Wars") does not take full advantage of all At the end, leaving a lot of questions that have not yet been answered, and even though Clive Barker is referring to this, I still think that we deserve a slightly clearer final scene. "Midnight Meat Train" is a rather unlikely movie. Certainly interested and haunted But not without default It is not intended for an audience that is easily attacked. But maybe people who are looking for coherence of PTSD and clarity should leave alone as well.
