Is this Kim Kim Duk the same person who is the testimonial of "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring" impressive testimonials? Kim Ki Duk, the same person who directed the beautiful 3 Iron movie and lonely Kim Ki Duk, the same person who shocked us with the incredible tragedy of "The Coast Guard" and made us struggling about the ugliness of prostitution. Interested before returning to his patented natural norms for all of us in "Samaritan Girl"? I don't seem to find him in this movie. <br /> <br /> Oh, of course, Kim's nature still appears. This film is completely formed in a lake surrounded by mountains and on a fishing boat that rested peacefully on the surface of calm water. Yes, it was Kim Ki Duk. That's ok. Kim also describes this movie as "beautiful". In the interview included in the special features of the DVD But I'm not sure anymore what it means after watching this rotting presentation. <br /> <br /> Beautiful things about prostitutes, angry, ungrateful, lustful, violent, have Violence and informal The torture of animals, the order of self-harm and the brutal rhythm of the carnal cruelty and vain brutality These are the only elements of humanity that present themselves in films that are ultimately embarrassing and pointless. If based on a story or intention as a metaphor or meaning to be a symbol of something greater than that, this reviewer is not familiar with the original content. It has been very popular compared to "audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (as much as Kim's satisfaction), but apart from surprisingly good performances, especially what They have to work with Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk leading actors for a small reason to introduce this movie. I never saw "audition" but I wondered if it would change in the way I saw "The Isle". Its violence is pornographic and sadistic. Its sex is not pornography. But merciless and insidious The character has behavior that causes irritation because there is no plot. The point is that no identity or I will accept lost in the quirks of Korean culture that I do not understand. <br /> <br /> The only beauty is in the movie, which is Kim Classic: a boat covered in fog. Slowly across the serene lake, mountainous terrain with background as a backdrop and the use of imaginative and playful colors. Sometimes it seems that the audience is locked in the romance room of Kim Ki Duk. Experience something like the mysterious and tempting dumb merchants played by Jung and the strange use of the motorcycle is interesting. But as a movie, this effort caused severe confusion and ultimately, abuse of feelings does not have to be sensitive. We hope that Kim will leave the film making story in his past garbage dump because we know he has more talent.
