A good advertisement for a Republican advertisement, as you have seen, "Mayerling" is a daily story of villagers in the late nineteenth century. Austria is located in one of the inner Europes. Joseph Mr James Mason) The son of his rebel Prince Rudolf (Mr. Omar Sharif) Empress (Miss Eva Gardner) and various female secret police, secret agents, fancy uniforms - Indians pop, swan soldiers, swans, horses and The strange species of European royalty at the time of the Austro-Hungarian Empire of Franz Joseph Filmed what the old movie poster used to be called "Color riots" doesn't have much more than dressing up. But the challenging intellectual production of "The Student Prince", Mr. James Mason, wore a little white figure dress. He spoke the most melodious words in Europe every time he remembered that I was an admirer of him and I hoped it was That the compensation would be consistent with the dissatisfaction he felt clearly for the character he played Mr. Omar Sharif, the creator of most careers, was founded when looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and emotionally full of dramatic performances as his son, Crown. He is a person who is not fully credible. Cut the wound to a minimum through the distaff side of the Austrian aristocracy, with his strong lock firmly in the position that he preens and poses in a uniform that would not be very likely as the rebels he spoke of talk The bottom button, unlocked on one of his tunics, is about his challenge to marry as soon as he falls in love with an ordinary person. "Forbidden Love" is one of the movies when she played the most unusual, Miss Catherine Deneuve. Can not push the envelope at all. Deneuve has a profile to die and we see it quite a lot, especially in the ballet scene. Now I like ballet as much as the next guy. But this sequence seems to continue for a long time. The cynical critics might think it is "Inner Space" Rudolf's mother, Empress, played by Miss Eva Gardner. She gave a good portion to the elderly American, making her look like "Auntie Aunt" but it was made with an undeniable style. Of course, Rodolf is very fond of his mother - I won't make it any more than that. The only thing that should be worth watching is Mr. James Robertson as Sir Lancelot Lotte - apologize to Edward, the Prince of Wales. He doesn't care about all the things that happened around him. Pleasant to see, I truly waited for the immortal question "What is bleeding time?" I have no qualification to argue the historical validity of "Mayerling", but in my opinion, everything about it will It began as a Ruritanian Opera Buffa without music to send you home from the theater whistling.
