Although there are known people who are big fans of Noam Chomsky or think that he is a tired memorial since the 1960s, I do not see the truth of that man. But I know that he gained a reputation as a language, although I could not explain any of his theories and said that he was a liberal socialist and a Marxist. So stumbled across the DVD of the Noam Chomsky documentary in 2003: Rebel Without A Pause in a second-hand video store, a movie that followed him on a 2002 book tour for his book at 9-11. I decided to pick it up, so I May have a little knowledge about men the next time he is pro or anti-talking about him While I am glad to receive the movie, my initial reaction to writing this boring and bad drama is what is fussing about? <br /> <br /> For men with degrees, many people praise. are 'The most important intellectuals 'According to the New York Times, according to the case of DVDs, sure there is not much to say intelligence. I know I will chew him and spit him in a debate and I don't want to see what William F. Buckley can do with him. It is true that this film seems to be about Chomsky. Everyone agrees with the conspiracy everywhere and seeing the eyes of the coeds makes it confusing to approve the most stupid and outrageous things he says. Linguistics. But again, if he was a linguist and excellent in his field, why in a world where everyone would be interested in what he would say in something outside the boundaries of His expert ??? Even worse is that his subordinates, who seem to protect the man from reality, continue to be mistaken for Chomsky as the target of the Zionist killer. What I know little about Chomsky before watching this movie, I know a lot: In general, he is considered to be a very knowledgeable and intellectually incompetent person since the collapse of the Soviet Empire. This film has a bad structure and no topics, describing it as difficult to separate all the confusion. For example, Carol, his wife, gave an interview once which was shuffled and left everywhere in the movie. It seems that she is a good woman. But all of her elements answered any questions, but it was the most basic question about their lives. The only interesting thing she said was that 9/11 was a great thing for Chomskys because he received a lot of money from speaking. <br /> <br /> Not surprisingly, the movie This story Almost no biographical background Assuming that all audiences must know that the voice of this great man Chomsky did not have one-on-one interviews. No camera movements, no interesting fixes, no signature touches, and most of the film is rambles by Chomsky, videotaped huzzahs of Chomsky, who talk about this or that and shocked and frightened students. He has no essence: when the coeds are dimmed, do not ask questions that are easy and irrational to him. This is a terrible film making work by director and editor Will Pascoe, who is in command of the DVD production director, showing that he is also Chomsky's best actor. In addition, one of the signs Clearly, this is not a documentary that is a goal. But it's just agitprop and the ridiculous piece of agitprop at that time. That's not the only time that Chomsky represents struggling with answers. It seems that he is a type of infinite knowledge. <br /> <br /> Since most of the ruins were filmed during Chomsky's lecture at McMaster University in Ontario, Canada before the American invasion of Iraq in In 2003, what Chomsky said most seemed to be far from the Vietnam War. Yes, he scored well here and there about the complexity of the American media before the war. But he followed them with true insanity because he seemed to not know that most of the conspiracy was ad hoc and did not plan a full union For example, he claimed that the advertising industry was a merciless control partner. But did not say anything about the zombie population that allowed himself to be controlled Similarly, he claimed that Trilateralists Running around the world and the fear of people on crime is the result of another partner. Of course, the claim described the full rape crisis center and the waste of time and money of the district attorney's office. He also argued that Cuba was a victim of terrorism for decades when Castro and the company were good supporters in Latin America, Asia and Africa until the Soviet Union collapsed. I can only guess that the UFO conspirators are waiting for Chomsky to declare that the gray aliens have set up a mixing center in Idaho. <br /> <br /> In the world His simplicity without gray As a member of Bushco, which he insulted is; Moreover, since they do not claim to be intellectuals In brief, Chaudhry is a person who has lived in the past in his head on most issues and left his intellectual depth. Near the end of this movie, he warned that 'Be careful when you hear about intellectuals who are fighters for justice.' But there is only one person who laughs because the man seems to never meet someone who has a revolutionary idea or thinks he doesn't like it. Their crime and against their intellectual position Please stop before you waste your time and money on stupid and irrelevant DVDs.
