DarkWolf tells the story of a waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong), who has brought a lovely normal life until her friend Mary (Tippi Hedren) has been killed by Werewolf. You see werewolves exist in modern America and even Special organization within the police forces fighting against werewolves threatened by detectives Steve Terley (Ryan Olosio) who has a difficult mission to tell Josie that she is actually a pure blood werewolf and called 'Black Prince' (Kane Hodder) wants to breed with her and build a line. New species of werewolves, pure blood that will occupy the entire world or something like that. Josie had a hard time believing that it was until she saw the evidence with her own eyes. It's up to the werewolves, Steve police to help Josie, the day and the world ... <br /> <br /> Producer and director Richard Friedman. I think DarkWolf is a cheap movie in the horror film of a video camera. digital That didn't do anything for me The script by Jeffrey Alan Halliday started out fairly well in the striptease club with a lot of bare breasts in the show and there were attacks on werewolves which caused someone to throw everywhere. But after this proper opening sequence, I was scared for the beginning. It would be slow. It's boring. It can be predicted. & It is filled with extremely annoying characters that come out with many bad conversations and doing things that Stupid, like when they have a chance to shoot a werewolf that they can't do, but they want to stand there instead. The script is stupid and doesn't explain itself why Josie never changed into a werewolf before. Is she really the only one, or why "The Prince of Darkness" can't find other werewolves? In addition, there are many other things that feel like a little or no ancient book that seems important. But was almost forgotten half way But you still have a good idea in the whole picture Fashion to confront the predictable climate, which is expected to be very few. <br /> <br /> Director Friedman screened the film quite well with bright neon. But this is not a new movie or original phenomenon. Now, let's talk about their special effects or their lack of effects because the effects in DarkWolf are far from special. The transformation of werewolves can be done using CGI & It's one of the worst looking CGI I've ever seen. Graphics. It's the worst change of Werewolf, like never seen before. The American werewolf in London (1981) was created. When 25 years ago, but the special effects are a little light in the visible than ever in DarkWolf improved over the years? The animatronic puppet effects are not better than at least some things that are displayed on the screen. Not much blood after the opening of blood by killing, splashing many blood and dead bodies, but not so much. That is the nakedness of women. If that's what you But not too excited because you still have to sit and watch a horrible movie to see if it's worth it. <br /> <br /> Technically, DarkWolf doesn't matter, besides the worst CGI effect ever made. Came out reasonably well and at least seemed to have value in production That show is what you really expect. <br /> <br /> DarkWolf is another horror movie with a low budget at the shelves of video stores and lamenting the vague cable TV station tables. As bad as some people But it's like saying that visiting a dentist is a little more fun than going to a funeral.
