The order began in Rome, where a special priest, who had dealt with ghosts & demons named Francesco Carnelutti, was found dead in New York City, where Alex Bernie's orders ( Heath Ledger) was contacted by Cardinal Driscoll (Peter Weller), the great one who begged him to investigate the mysterious situation around Dominic's death. Along with his girlfriend, Mara Willims (Shannyn Sossamon) & friend Thomas Garrett (Mark Addy) Alex travels to Italy to delve into the death of his mentor while the truth begins to appear that Dominic is a man. Sin and live with their burdens so that they will die peacefully and the church is not happy with his activities Alex must do the right thing, even if it is contrary to what he believes ... <br /> <br /> Also know under the title The Sin Eater, this German-American co-producer wrote and Produced by directed by Bian Helgeland and didn 'I didn't do much for me if I'm honest and I am always honest. However, start with the chaos of the script that has some agreed ideas. But it was predictable, boring and boring, sometimes boring and boring, and it was too serious The whole idea was crazy and while it was thought that it was clever, as it ended up twisting everything that was tied to it and bringing the story full, I thought it was the clearest and most lazy way to end the story. There are religious themes as usual here, morals, sins, forgiveness, faith, faith, prophecy, blah blah blah. You know what kind of things. Then there is a twist that is not difficult to see, with power used by high priests, corruption, greed, evil, etc. You know the type of ideals and Hollywood themes that are reused every time associated with the church. Buy nothing new to say & be a serious piece in making movies that are terrible. I'm not sure if that order will attract anyone. As a horror fan that is hard to die, I didn't see many horror stories in this story as a thriller. It's less exciting because of Mysterious, it can be predicted too. & There is nothing here to catch or keep attention & for some reason I can't find IMDb to show The Order as a ridiculous action movie. Because it's exciting and action-packed, the average episode of Sesame Street (1969 - present) may be violent, but it's something I think ... <br /> <br /> Helgeland director works. Well, the movie seems to have a very soft light, and everything looks dull, gray and boring. For horror movies that should be The Order is very light, with fear or horrible elements. In fact, there are no children, other than two bad boys who can become a flock of birds without a clear reason. Don't ask. Forget about blood or violence because there is nothing good. But at least can help at least make The Order able to watch according to IMDb's 'Trivia' section. The release date of the order is brought back so that some special effects can be improved because they Funny, unintentionally, what I can say is to decide by the finished movie. Also, because they are not as good as it is now. <br /> <br /> I was surprised to see the order with a budget of around $ 28,000,000 which is a lot of money. & I can't see it. Everything is different from the set and design, good production. The whole movie looks and gives a normal feeling. The performance is okay, even if the annoying fat person who appears to be a comic relief is annoying, annoying. Good actors like Peter Weller deserve. The better thing, <br /> <br /> The command. I like the name Sin Eater. In fact, it's not very important. Missing all of its goals goes along the proverbial miles as far as I'm concerned, and it's a very boring way Users death of 100 minutes, so do not do that! no comment.
