The excuse for this film reminds me of what I heard about "Gigli" that Ben and Jane failed at the beginning of this summer. "Orders" are clearly fixed at a level that cannot be compared to the scene. Instead of creating a tight and provocative film, it seems to be a series of unconnected sequences that do not pass on the appearance of the plot as a whole. Now I'm a big fan of Heath ("10 things I hate about you", "A Knight's Tale" and especially his support role in "Monster's Ball"), but my men want to find themselves. Better Accepting continuous scripts such as "The Order" and "Four Feathers" and he is about to go into oblivion quickly. <br /> <br /> This is the problem I have with this movie. Firstly, the director tried to compensate for the inadequacy of his important plans by introducing the two plot lines, which seemed to be small if nothing was too good. The plot involves the Americans who tried to occupy the Vatican City and the Pope, while mildly interesting, doing nothing to reveal the audience to see about the main character. The effort to tie these threads together is the most pathetic thing. Secondly, please do not underestimate the intelligence of the audience by inserting into the movie scene that is clear. We produced the angst producing the most silly love and sex that looked like "Matrix Reloaded" with techno music. Skull form makes numbing Rather than developing the character, these elements seem to be cheap equipment that they clearly see as a half-hearted effort in placing teenagers chewing popcorn in the seat. Third, and most importantly, this film has an interesting concept. We have a scandal. We have religion and we have supernatural powers to play. Why don't we learn anything about anyone's background? We learn a little about Alex. But even though he quit the priesthood's love to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman trying to kill him during the exorcism of the past And Alex has been the most developed if you can be called a movie character all the time. <br /> <br /> According to the bored word these days, if you are going to watch this movie this year There are about ten minutes of interest from the story, too. 101 minutes. The only thing that can help me is to go with the girl I like more. <br /> <br /> 1 out of 10 I'm disappointed. South-bad potential but blowing it The editing and the bad - Heath my boys back at gunpoint like Monster's Ball, they really suit you.
