In the past of the Catholic Church, sin-eating was a person who passed the ritual to receive the sins of those who died by themselves. Often these people were boycotted or similar people that the church would not forgive and therefore rejected them into heaven. Sinners are seen as insulting, avoiding the monopoly of chruch in redemption, having sex with a little supernatural Mojo, allowing the idea to walk where you may have, and you have "The Order" movies that include Anti-religious dictatorship "Stigmata" "X-Files" and "spirit of thorns" to the chaos that sometimes works. <br /> <br /> Alex (Heater Leger) is a fake priest. Which is Steaming in the last member of the sequence of the Carolingians, semi-sequences of the quest for knowledge. When Alex's counsel was found dead under strange circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sends Alex to investigate Tagged as a friend of Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman) who was under Alex's exorcism one year before the three went to Rome to investigate and be buried in the dark hell of Catholic heresy, premonition, demonic attacks and a man claiming to be the last Sin-Eater survived (Benno Furmann) <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian Helland (Those who work with the same principal in the movie "A Knight's Tale"). This movie is strange and difficult to identify. It wants to have many things at once - supernatural thriller, religious intrigue, television pilots, dramas - and sometimes even success at them. This does not help to delay or The fact that most actors seem to sleepwalk through their performances with occasional bursts of brilliance. In particular, Ledger has an amazing scene, especially in the hopelessness of other monochrome work. However, Sossman shows the same connection that she gave in all of her films. (Especially in "Rules of attraction") <br /> <br /> Plot yourself zigzag between many different arc stories. Makes you wonder which one is the main principle of each arc with the share of red herring The large gap of storytelling seems to have disappeared from time to time, which may confuse many people. But this is one of the films. The structure of the film combined with the fact that there is no truly clear rival to the end of the movie, forcing the audience to analyze and reason at the time when most movies are clear about everything (except this is the historical background of The Carolingians and the practice of eating sin, both of which are described in the dry exhibition), even at the beginning of the film, the relationship of The drama and history are inferred instead of explaining. Combine this with the on-site photography and the use of special effects carefully, and you have a very old supernatural horror movie and even an open credit is still reminiscent of something in the late 70s. To the early 80's, <br /> <br /> also talk briefly here for a profound and natural score by David Torn, which is a mix of minimalist music and singer Lisa Jerry. RarA very good score that is brought without being bombed and is in a very deceptive simplicity. <br /> <br /> The plot is confusing, has no purpose, and sometimes acting sleepy often causes Bad movie But for some reason, "orders" can still be viewed Many people will be shut down by this film because of strange feelings and some people may be angry that they are forced to work higher on the brain to understand. Even so, the film's uncertainty will prevent it from achieving great or commercial success until the DVD, which I am sure will receive a lot of deleted scenes. Recommended movies for people who like to think while watching 6 out of 10
