One of the most serious environmental costs that may arise from mining is the pollution of downstream streams, rivers and lakes with excessive sediment and toxins. One of the most serious examples in the 19th century, the United States of excessive river sedimentation, was caused by the hydraulic excavation of the golden hills buried by the Sacramento Valley during the 1850s to the early 1880s. This involves controlling the high-pressure jet to flow into the hillside, allowing the material to be washed down the hill where gold can be separated from gravel and sediment. Sediments are stored in ditches or streams and most find their way to the Sacramento River or the River Branch. Sediments in the river will increase the chance of flooding in agricultural and downstream areas and create permanent swamps in some areas. Some sediments spill into agricultural areas which may cover the crops that stand or cover the soil that is needed more or difficult to plow. Therefore, the conflicting interests of companies that use hydraulic digging and downstream production farmers affected by these operations are the subject of the 1938 color film that was forgotten by Warner < br /> <br /> First of all, we may ask why Decided to film this film in a relatively poor tech color, which is a very rare treatment in 1938. The story about wheat growers and gold diggers is unlikely to prove the cost and Difficulties in color shooting at this time The answer is probably the time spent in the movie too much with colorful clothes and decorations. Then we may ask why George Brent, who has no color, was chosen to be the best leader and hero to match Olivia de Havilland. Above all, this movie needs a charming leader to carry it. Even Gabby Hayes, who has the usual colors in his small role, looks unusually calm. Unfortunately I fell asleep before the last episode of this movie. The part that I saw was spending too much time creating a complex relationship between too many people, with the cost of showing the fate of the selected wheat baron and perhaps the neighboring towns and their efforts. To deal with flooding and sedimentation problems It needs to be like "The Good Earth" released last year. Perhaps it is suitable for charming people like Errol Flynn. Finally, there is a story of a name that is unconscious. Of course, Warner may have a more attractive or appropriate title "Gold or grains" short and to the point I understand that there is still gold in it. 'Marthar Hill' that is waiting to be extracted by other methods other than hydraulic digging
