Explosive airship collapsed at the base of Jude Law. 'Captain Captain' presents enough metaphors to explain how scary the movie is. First of all, let me say as soon as I really doubt that Paramount will borrow money from this movie. The cult hit it may become But just because it's so amazing for what it fails to achieve I can see the Pitch Studio now. "We combine the German expression of the 1920s and the great adventure of the year. Fri 1940, with modern action scenes and computer animation to dominate every scene! Wow, that's not a success! "Skycaptain bludgeons have too many fake explosions, unbelievable fighting scenes, and the true scenes in which the characters are painfully two-dimensional. Finally, why be shocked and scared by a single floating airship when you have three or five or one hundred! Moreover, what might be an advanced film bringing together computer-generated images and human actors in a beautiful and interesting environment instead of failing in small parts because It failed to meet the most important needs. Quite simple, poor graphics From the movement of the car to the plane's physics in dogfights, everything seems a little closed. I'm not a picky here in any way. Babies may notice that the car does not run down the road like a maglev train (except Mercedes S500) and for the people you voiced your protest, crying out that 'This is a very stylish movie. It shouldn't be like reality.' May I just say this. The Lord of the Rings set the standard for real-life actors. With CGI, the Starship Troopers set the standard for science fiction movies. Ironically, Rocketeer worked hard to introduce the 1920s back to the Hollywood movie portfolio. And Burton's Tim Batman creates a unique image of New York City / Gotham that has yet to be recreated. Sky Captain is very depressed by all movies. It's hard for me to say They are in the same sentence In addition, the performance is terrible. It makes me sick in a positive light. So you have it. I spent $ 9 to watch this movie and you will get my review. I hope it may prohibit you all from making the same mistakes as I do.
