When the swarm of robots begins to attack the big city, who will stop the madman behind the attack? Captain Sky !!! Jude Law plays Joe Sullivan Ace of Sky Wayne, dealing with an unbeatable price along with an annoying journalist, his ex-girlfriend, Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow ) And former flight partner Captain Frankie Cook, Sky Captain and the future world may look and feel like an exciting movie But actually it's boring and pleasant to see The work time of this movie is 106 minutes, but it feels a bit longer because there is no content in this movie. The picture looks very good and this movie is very good. However, there is nothing to support these wonderful images. This film lacks interesting stories and characters, which makes things boring and unnecessary. I blame the director and writer Kerry Conran. He focuses too much on the image and takes less time in the real story. This movie is like a girl without a personality. After a while, it looks tepid and tiring. Sky Captain is a representative of a beautiful girl without personality. It's just another style for the story. <br /> <br /> The performance is impressive on average and that's not their fault because they have very little work. The main reason I watched this movie is because of Angelina Jolie. However, the advertising is quite misleading and she is in this movie for about 30 minutes. Her performance is surprisingly gentle as well. Jude Law gave the performance in O K. Even if you expect more from him, Gwyneth Paltrow is just mediocre. Nothing special. Ling Bai's performance is the only thing I really like. She gives a good performance as a mysterious woman and she is the only interesting character in this movie. <br /> <br /> This film is not perfect, with the scene "Wow" and Many exciting scenes There is not enough for them. This film has no attachment to make it really memorable. In fact, it's quite polite and it doesn't involve anything. It's terrible that this movie is not very good because it has good evidence. In the end, Sky Captain is surprisingly below average and not worth it to see the 4/10 score.
