"Captain Sky" may be regarded as a homage to comic books, adventure in pulp and film production. But it has the magic of the best from those categories One contributor said that the enjoyment of the movie depends on whether or not someone recognizes the influence of the movie. I don't think this is true. The expectations of people in the movies, novels and publications that "Captain" pay tribute to completely different. Especially for those who have experienced those entertainment when they were young This film is almost devoid of charm and attracts their attention. Of course we know that the lead actor will go out. But must have tension and drama To the pinnacle of the "Captain" law and Paltrow had ten minutes to prevent a disaster, and when five minutes they didn't run to the goal They take a long time for a long look and unnecessary conversation and contemplation of the fallen enemies that have left 30 seconds for the tragedy. Of course, one person expects some meetings. But the good director must have hustle and bustle Do you remember when Law and Paltrow were chased by poultry and they reached a large gap that they crossed over the log? And why are they completely safe from those creatures when they reach the other side? They can fly !!! The gap is meaningless to them. The bridge is not necessary for them, so where is the escape? If the land of the gap was 'banned' for the flying creatures, the film didn't try to tell us why or why. <br /> <br /> I know Paltrow and Law ( Both gave Good performances in the past) are playing "genres" but both are quite flat. Giovanni Ribisi (who shows himself a bit different here) and Angelina Jolie seem to "carry" with the role They, though Omid Djalili, seem to have managed a little more if he only gets a chance. He has done quite well already, considering that he is generally wasted. <br /> <br /> The film has a great 'look', but there are many ways CGI can distract CGI Best when it is used for fantasies when it is used to create creatures that are not in nature or for beautiful science or magic. When it is used to replace the natural position, it will disappoint. There is no real suspicion that the CGI mountain has no innocence or fear and intuition that is a true mountain. I know that the design of this film is quite prudent and doesn't necessarily have to be true. But shouldn't feel that way, it can't be. <br /> <br /> For the weak and cliché script ... Respect does not have any excuses, even though this film has excitement and tension like Much But it's still fun. "The last samurai" can be predicted like the day of the week, and I'm not a fan of Tom Cruise, but with everything that "Captain" is not the most noticeable. Allowing us to accept its rules and methods Being in the "Captain Sky" style is definitely not possible. <br /> <br /> I want to see similar methods in movies about heroes in comic books in the 30s and 40s. Rick) or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) Thinking of the brilliantness of healing Perhaps the better-known and better-known character, better known that those characters should be created for a much better movie It will be harder to be worse.
