This movie is a true torture festival to watch. Its first mistake is to maintain nuclear power so clearly that it is 'Bad things' that they rarely have to convince their audience When it fell to put in its argument, there were participants sending facts, facts that proved hardly; What is missing is that someone is crying. "When anyone thinks of children!" While watching this movie, I still think that "" may not be true "- but only a small amount of data has been backed up by reliable sources and greeting. 'em,' ordinary people 'in this film arrived like Luddites, rather than people who have an understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of nuclear energy; For fairness, it may be the fault of the filmmaker, but equally, it's a common condition for movie stars. <br /> <br /> For actors ......... .. Now, some of these people are highly respected musicians, which I like music and I'm sure there are some people who believe in this cause. But they all met when the old hippies were searching for things to complete. Now the 60s have passed. The most shameful thing is Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - it seems he doesn't believe what he was told. (Not that I blamed him) but was desperate to feel noticed and included. James Taylor shows what will be the most "protest" song ever "Stand and Fight" in the most cheerful style you can imagine. In fact, most performances are quite polite when they are not patronized. It seems that no one can follow this event as if it didn't mean anything to them. It is noteworthy that the driving force behind all of this event seems to be John Hall of Orleans and responsible for the most terrifying MOR pop in the 70s. You dare "Dance With Me" and "Still the One") are worth observing because that's the symbol of the cause. The cause is life or death that is supposedly But everyone slept through their numbers like they were playing the Catskills except for Gil-Scott Heron - his protest numbers "We almost lost Detroit" were on the topic at least. But received an overwhelming impression from a high school student who was impressed with his 'controversial' approach. <br /> <br /> Only Bruce Springsteen's performances caused the pulse. I've never been a big fan of the boss. But he smokes without problems Part of me thinks he was taped separately in another event and edited in this movie to awaken the audience. Compared to the general politeness and the air of self-satisfaction, here is not surprising that Bruce is regarded as the savior of rock'n'roll. <br /> <br /> But even acting His will shake with the concert. I did not expect to have many flashy camera movements from the 70s movies, but the shooting was not stable without the need to stop, just a fraction of a second apart from the backup singer's tonsils. Now, this may be because the actor doesn't have life to start with; And * May * the filmmakers are skilled in documentary filming rather than concert But all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see this movie that is more skilled. And there are more exciting musicians. <br /> <br /> Actually, there are two things to watch in this movie: Springsteen's performance and a tragic overview of the anti-cultural decline.
