The Australian excuse that is extremely weak for movies is like a Pavlov dog experiment in horror. Do you remember this famous "Reflex Reflex" experiment from the textbook, right? Russian scientist Pavlov proved that dogs tend to cause drooling before food enters their mouths and this is done through repeated actions that stimulate the animal's response. Pavlov sang a few bells before the food was delivered to the dog and soon after he became nervous and excited and began to salivate from hearing the bell. What the hell has this boring explanation all the same with the Aussie flick that is not economical and cheap flick. I hear you think? Well, the modus operandi of manical killer in "Nightmares" is a definite variant for Pavlov's experiments. Each murder sequence is preceded by the voice and image of the murderer who destroys the window because he / she insists on using sharp glass pieces to Slice the victim So this means that after a moment, an unintended and bored audience is able to sleep and look up again when they hear the sound of broken glass. In this way, they still don't miss anything special! <br /> <br /> About the quality of "Nightmare" as my movie is very short. This is a cheap Aussie cash that is not very interesting and uninteresting about the contemporary trend of American slasher movies in the early 60s. A four year old witness saw the brutal death of her mother on her neck. She was opened in a nasty car accident. Twenty years later, the same woman? Helen Lake? Is a successful stage actor But she still has severe and frequent psychological problems from horrific events and painful nightmares. She auditioned for a black comedy drama that revolved around death and became a part. Shortly after the grand premiere, everyone involved in the production from afar was killed. It is true that this film tries to preserve the mystery about the identity and motivation of the murderer, although most childhood audiences will be able to understand after the first murder. I do not think I have ever seen a detective than "Nightmares" and the creator should show his / her face immediately and save himself from shame. The murder is very clear and bloody, and there are still nudity that is not healthy at "fun". However, the production cost is not good and the movie is never shocking or provocative at one point. From real play, it seems that it is very possible that it may be the worst thing that has ever been performed on stage The only positive element in this film is the character of the director and the gay newspaper critic, both of whom sarcastically insulting and insulting the remaining members as we do. "Nightmares" is a horror film that exploits. But at least I give you a golden tip to make it easier to digest
