The sequel to the successful "The Mummy's Hand", which is moderately priced, predicts that Professor Andoheb (George Zucco) will prepare him for his ancestor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) to take revenge. Countries using mummy caris The reason for being in disguise .. One stunt person can work as reliable as someone who is choking) to kill the surviving members of the Banning family, which Stephen Dick Foran and those who Help Babe Hanson The corpse of Princess Ananka's mummy from her grave in Egypt .. Andoheb considers this an act of insulting heretics and wants the family to suffer from horrific deeds according to the ancient Egyptian tradition. Bay and mummy Caris found a good refuge in the cemetery where the High Priest Karnak can work as a guardian in disguise. Every day, the full moon Bay will give food to the caris in the form of liquid obtained from many leaves of Tana. But only live But still succumb to the wishes of his master Bay ordered Caris to kill Stephen and his sister Jane. (Mary Gordon) At the same time, having to give time for the baby to come back so that he can become the third victim. Dr. John Banning (John Hubbard) doesn't know Bay. Secretly wanting his fiancé to plan to kidnap her with the help of Karis John's life is in danger because of his father .. He is the last member of the flat bar. If Bay has Isobel, there is no chance of Bannings anymore, the police must find Caris and the person responsible for his murder .. Beginning <br /> <br /> This film is a film that continues. Due to Handset many years later, when members of the film Foran, Ford and Zucco all appeared in "The Age", the wrinkles make-up show the gap at the time of Andoheb being prepared for the death of Bannings. Love in me John and Isobel's ball poems seem to be just in this storyline, so Bay will miss his perfect plan which is successful before he punches it. And Bay saw that she was happy with John on all the grass waste "Love at first sight" really didn't clear for me. You also have a mummy that can kill people with one arm .. Any mummy really powerful? The film also uses a number of videos from previous films to save the budget in this sequel. In fact, there are not many stories here and it's normal for universal monster images, even in America. The crowds of people are light .. Oh ... lament according to Caris. Do you know how it will end? John and the powerful Caris will go out in a large mansion with a blaze of fire around them, along with a demon that is covered with flames.
