I adapted to this one night in a cable cable channel a few minutes after the credit ran so I didn't know who it was at first The longer I see it, the longer I start to think. "Jesus, this thing seems to flick Albert Pyun", although not sure. But for two main reasons: photography is quite good (And the beautiful Utah desert scenery) and Scott Paulin give hilarious performances as Simon Cyborg, the killer But with a style and sense of humor. Paulin had to use the creative idea of ​​one very intelligent torpedo that he shot out because Albert Pyun didn't write anything, even funny or linked in his career from the distance. far Unfortunately, Paulin didn't have much screen time before he left, and this movie was worse. Lance Henriksen played the evil head robot roaring through his part as he did in other movies. Countless like this, I do not know Kris Kristofferson What are you doing in this matter? Maybe he wants to see what the Utah desert looks like and get it. He watched the movie (and listened to) like he just woke up and in fact spent most of the second half of the movie on his back in Kathy's tent. Long, little hero, has good shape, charm, good shape, very good fight, good shape and no ability to perform. But not important in movies like this. This is the Albert Pyun movie. It is full of trademarks that we all know and love: stupid and foolish conversations, quick changes and impressions that they lost to the middle. Image No one will notice it. "<br /> <br /> Not as good as this movie, however, it is a shadow over Pyun's other efforts - this is" Citizen Kane "compared to Adrenaline: Feel the Rush" For example The fight is very good if repeated. (After she knocked down eight or nine people one by one, you will find yourself saying "Okay, go somewhere else") and Long is very strong (and earlier The poster has noticed that there is a great derrière.) It is not a good movie by any imagination, but it is not near any inconsistency and incompetence like Pyun's normal extravagance. You can do it badly. Than renting this movie - not much worse But worse
