The post apocalyptic cyborgs are set in an environment that is led by warlords. Essentially, they kept them as livestock because they needed fresh human blood. Nea and her brother survived one attack when she was a child and many years ago when she came back to face Cyb. Again But this time she was rescued by Cyborg, Gabriel, cyborgs. Job and his men were traveling to capture the most populous city, while Nea (with revenge) begged Gabriel to teach her. To kill Cyborg and she will take him to Gabriel. <br /> <br /> Cheap, rented Saiborne / Post-Sansai attacked by writer / director Albert. Pyun (who made "Cyborg" earlier and inflated "Nemsis" in the same year) is the reason Familiarize yourself against spam Very little structure makes it into the story of fluff, while the turgid script is weak, trite and exaggerated. A parody of leaden tries to be witty. But it was quite foul and found to be a joke at the time that was not intended Most of the actions that occurred were quite unconscious and routine. The material may be used to scrub again because it is an idea that is inspired by swallowing by combining lazy, lacking narration and almost funny tone. An exciting, open conclusion is too sudden, especially when the sequel has not yet been created. Makes it feel like the money has run out and says "It's time to collect the items and we'll finish it in another day. (Or maybe in the next ten years) without the hustle. "However, it was found that it was rather distracting due to its fast speed, good fighting action and George Mooradian's gliding movie that captured the background That is visually appealing Acting is fair Christopherson is a man with a dry and active personality, working perfectly, while Gabriel and Katy try to believe in themselves and have the psychological ability to pull themselves out of the show. Expert and aggressive tactics However, her performance was too much. Lance Henriksen, the disgusting, acting of Ham's pure performance as the evil robot supervisor whose saliva is constantly melting. Scott Paulin was drumming with a lot of joy when Cyborg and Gary Daniels laughed as well. Pyun attacked a few exciting martial arts sets that were related. With agility and slow motion without value Absorbing into the background is a scorching song. Special effects and FX make-up are outstanding enough to be able to be viewed, but without success and the minimum restrictions may be the cause of that.
