There are two groups ... People who love every movie of Fellini that they see and normal people. While I will accept that I really enjoyed his movie, I can honestly say that I cannot stand. My opinion is not just a knee jerk reaction. But I have seen almost all Fellini's movies and have also watched many movies from the world's most famous directors. With this in mind, I felt that the most exaggerated and annoying director could be both Godard and Fellini. Both of them were delighted in the strange and often unverifiable things and were honored by those who Check and "intellectuals" while people will never sit and watch movies. Heck, even those who love international movies are often left in the cold when seeing these movies. Therefore, since only a small group of people watch their movies and they always like to see the director as a genius, it is not surprising that their movies are often regarded - it's like a cult! If you don't believe me, think of Godard's many movies, such as FIRST NAME CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, ... or FELLINI SATYRICON or Julius of the Spirit? These movies are full of boredom, strange and incomprehensible Now I'm not saying that movies aren't strange. (After all, I love the happiness of KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN SOCCER) but it must be watched! <br /> <br /> Now go to this movie In any way, Fellini tried to create a story that is completely boring and unsafe for men who are sexually oppressed. This is not a small task - requires a lot of work to make it impossible to keep an eye on it. Instead of showing cheap sexual excitement, sex acts were designed to be ridiculous and annoying, while Casanova's characters were buried under makeup and many prosthetic legs that Donald Sutherland looked like ghouls. These things must be Fellini's intentions. But many viewers are bored with sterile performances, especially since Sutherland's chapters are badly dubbed in Italian. Unfortunately, when this film was not included in the boring sexual escape, nothing to see anymore. <br /> <br /> An interesting message about the first sexual conquest that Acting in this boring movie is an actor. Looks amazing like Giulietta Masina, the younger wife. Considering that, in addition to this, in the past decade, Fellini Mezina played characters such as prostitutes and brutally abused women. It seems that he might hate his wife and do this on the screen. I read a little story about them and their busy relationships and seems to be able to endure as well. This is just one aspect of this turgid movie that I find interesting. Don't say I didn't warn you!
