Allegations of repeated rape, along with some unwanted Pecosadillo, including the use of improper brooms, make half a dozen or more of the most popular high school sports in the Ridge Valley. New Jersey (Heather Matarazzo), the investigation and creation of the case was sent to the DA's office, with Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz responsible. <br /> <br /> Rumors about the case spread through Glen Ridge, a middle-class suburban city Everyone in the community is passionate about sports. (One of their father is a police officer.) No one believes Matarazzo. "Our children won't take the body down to the basement, rape her and make her sexually humiliated." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will be able to Create sufficiently relevant cases in which they can bring the sport to experiment. Matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. She is desperate for love and friendship and that makes it easy for fellow manners to mislead her in creating false messages. Fluent journalists say "You can trust me." But it turns out that the journalist is not reliable. Another student, a famous girl in school, pulled Linda Tripp to Matarazzo, pretending to be her partner. But everyone asked questions brought about the event - and saved the results! As a result, watching this incident is like a roller coaster ride. At first, it seems like a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then Oh, the community organizes the law. Then it looks good again. But then the journalist intervened Suddenly, the obstacles could not be overcome faster than Linda Trip appeared in her big nose into the inquiry and made a tape that seemed to indicate that Matarazzo was publicly available. (In fact, she was lying - but she was lying to her interrogator to make her satisfied) then was beaten. But Matarazzo opposed the stand because she didn't want to be "mentally retarded". Eric Stoltz was a good person in the part. Prosecutor I say that for the simple reason that he and I live in Pago Pago at the same time. (I hope he is not a child I quarrel with Seaside Club's bar. If so, I will come back to compliment.) Ally Sheedy is a strange and difficult actor to explain. She works with great self-control in "Fine Art", but I do not feel any effort to be used in this role, which is quite a formula. I mean, both she and Stoltz and others can't give courage in what is about comic books. <br /> <br /> Producers and directors have a good feeling of choosing Heather Matarazzo. For the role of the victim The worst thing they can do is to cast a cute blonde Matarazzo, who is an ugly person. But it looks better and this quality is perfect with her dress and makeup The author did not make her yearning and tender. She is moody and sometimes annoying to listen, which is for the benefit. <br /> <br /> Matarazzo's character is the best character in the movie. Sport is a pattern Pure evil They considered themselves above the law, capturing the lovely girl's party in the east of Orange, leaving the place between the party worse than the "La Dolce Vita" climax and leaving without Explanation or apology They deserve it on their necks - and they can. <br /> <br /> I call this a comic book and that's what it is. It challenged us without prejudice. Is a confirmation of the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil And we have no doubt that who is who What I'm waiting for - that's not true. That's just rhetorical - it's a movie that is almost the same as this, and ten other things, but the victim is lying to get her name and photo in the document and Collect all These sympathy chips come from the villagers who think correctly as the rest of us. <br /> <br /> This film is based on the same story as everyone else we've seen (eg " The accused ") Some good people, some of whom are strict daily routines, are fairly fair. Now we are going to watch a movie about the Western Tawana Brawley case, which a teenage girl disappeared from a dream for a few days. Then her friend stripped her of her clothes and made her dirty. Can claim that she was kidnapped and raped by the police? It will now be a challenge as it is not.
