Normally I'm a Spike Lee fan. Must take a moment to enter his "mojo", but when you see the clear message and ability to tell a story that is close to his heart, Lee is a genius Unlike the 25th Hour or Bamboozled (two movies I like of him), there is no clear story in this movie. I can understand the struggle between Washington and good play options or be influenced by others, but for some strange reason, Lee has never received a true feeling. Washington works well with what he gives. But you can tell that this is not Lee's favorite movie. Not only Lee will direct this movie. But he also wrote it too You can tell The camera's performance is horrible and writing has contributed to the film's decay. This movie comes full circle and it's not pretty. Lee is not behind this movie 100% because he is with Do the Right Thing in every movie that I have seen Lee. This is the most vivid and modest movie. As if he had made a Hollywood movie instead of all his own movies I don't know if he saw money from the right thing and ran with it or not? But this film does not show his true ability. <br /> <br /> For everyone there who saw this movie and may stop watching what was directed by Spike Lee after that. This movie is an opportunity. Don't understand me wrong. I see where you come from with this movie and why you want to put it behind you. But Lee grew up His work became more and more of his own, and you can see the change from the desire to make money, just want to make a good movie. I have to take some time to watch The 25th Hour, but when I do it, it is true intelligence. Maybe it's an actor, sometimes a story But Lee created an amazing movie from a man's journey to something unknown. I guess that's what I hoped for, 'The better Blues of Mo would become a really dark journey in the life of a man who had never grown up before. But all I got was Denzel who is Denzel. He is one of the most talented actors in this era and I think he is Sydney Poitier of the cinema. But this is not a movie that shows his talent. <br /> <br /> Another story that I have with this story. This film is the use of Spike's sister to play one of love interest. I don't know about you and your family. But I don't think I can shoot the sex scene with my sister. I do not care who is an actor or how much money I will not do at all. It's something I never wanted to see. But apparently it's different for Spike He went ahead and showed the nakedness of his sister without repentance. It's sad and makes me shy. In addition, I need someone to answer me. Flavor Flavor is doing. What does this movie suggest? So I sat on the couch ready to start the movie when suddenly there was a voice from the past spelled out from the studio that created this movie. Then he accepted himself. That was not created for the remaining stories. Again, I felt that Lee was earning money in this movie instead of being a true talent. Maybe that's how he can afford both Denzel and Wesley in the same movie without explosion. <br /> <br /> There are two wonderful scenes in this movie. Don't understand me wrong. This is a terrible movie. But there are always diamonds in every alley. The scene where Bleek accidentally forgot which woman he was with was hypnotized. He went back and forth, continued the truth and confusion in a way that proved that Lee was behind the camera. It is a scene with a vision that may be lost in shuffle due to the remaining scenes. Other scenes that are worth watching are the ways in which Lee suggests and ends the movie. By keeping the rhythm and the same direction, he can bring this tragic character around the circle and give him the opportunity to change his life. In addition to these two periods, the rest of the film is a pure, unsightly garbage if you're going blind. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from *****
