Despite the attraction of the subject and may be the intent of the filmmakers to create a movie that represents the supremacy of white. But the inconsistency of the main character, Bronson Green, a New York actor who wants to change the hard-to-be fake Green, which was rejected by Los Angeles representative, outdated. (Like New York, when the 80s were looking for big, blonde and dumb), he found success easily when he was willing to forge his image Unfortunately, the new hair dye and attitude "Surfers" gave him the opportunity to perform at the church of Jericho, who applied to be a member of the Aryan extremists of the white nation. Green is willing to easily forget his past, especially turning his back on a ten-year-old black friend to be the new spokesman for the Church. This is not reasonable when looking at what our characters have in the beginning. It's a sudden and dramatic change of character, along with a sudden reversal of DeNiro's style of obsession (as a taxi driver) that can fight the villains. The noble effort of filmmakers But one thing that shows you what you are But in the end, <br /> <br /> Other characters are quite annoying and what we are forced to remember is too easy - paranoid psychosis of church leaders, girlfriends who are interested in themselves (fans The first person Bronson had when he was in LA) and the new blonde girlfriend whose character lacked much development, she was mostly just walking, saying it was void. Something randomly shielded Let us draw assumptions about the characters. <br /> <br /> The other problem of this film is the time when the characters are involved in very few important actions. Most of the beginning involves clearly introducing the character, and later we see Bronson's problem when entering the scene and the disappointment caused by being constantly rejected. But after he willingly changed his appearance and personality to be accepted, there were at least twenty minutes to thirty minutes of a wasted movie that had little to do. <br /> <br /> For the movie that Seek In order to draw attention to the irrational fear behind racism, this is not a reliable action.
