Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) are brothers who devote apartments and love in many things - ballroom dancing, musicals in the 1940s, and wondering the charming woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) In the past, heterosexual gray was confused with her new feelings. <br /> <br /> The gray matter proved to be one of the most interesting movies I've ever seen. It's a boring thing, bad guess, bad, bad and bad writing. Nothing about it feels like real and everything is wonderful. This is not a romantic comedy that has a special twist, but rather a "come out" movie than Sue Kramer trying to make the first half cute with romantic items and in the second half seriously with real acceptance and part. Unfortunately she failed miserably. The first half is not fun and only Heather Graham can hold it a little. Then this movie uses an awkward and very serious tone. The serious scenes were badly handled and all the emotions felt fake. <br /> <br /> I guess I would have enjoyed this movie a bit more if the relationship between the characters felt More realistic The relationship of brothers and sisters is very weak and they are not close to each other. Their relationship is not very natural. In addition, the relationship between Tom and Bridget was very unnatural. If two people are getting married after less than a week, you will expect to see a little more excitement. But the characters talk about marriage in Vegas in the same way as asking the waiter what is special. There is a lack of excitement in this movie and it is difficult to relate to movies that have no characters. Who knows, <br /> <br /> The performance is very weak. Heather Graham gives only one good performance in the movie. She is funny and has a few charming scenes. But it was too bad that all of her co-stars would get the perfect picture. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and her performance was false at all levels. In addition, it seems that she is reading her script. Thomas Cavanagh is beautiful and he barely shows emotion. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather does not exist and causes the movie to be damaged because their relationship feels fake. I can often rely on Molly Shannon as a funny person in supporting roles. But here she is annoying. Sissy Spacek has about two scenes and she is annoying in both scenes. In the end, Alan Cumming had an embarrassing personality and his acting wasn't very good. Overall, Gray Matters was a lame movie and it wasn't worth it to see the score 3/10.
