I had to walk out of this movie fifteen minutes from the end ... having to go through the stage of blasphemy and boredom. What really makes me scared, I mean, truly disturbing me, that there are people who refer to this pointless miracle as 'delightful' or 'must see'. I will feel a deep pity for those suffering so. If not for the clear impression that most positive comments about this shallow and humorous imitation were written by the industry, <br /> <br /> The fact is that this film is weak. That does nothing for entertainment or clarity It is a story that is not funny, has a bad script and has pace and strength of the cold and canned rice pudding. Being kind to Ms Kramer, the best person can say that it is an opportunity to miss out on reading the summary before I watch. I expect to have something more challenging. The possible wrong interpretation of the closest brother and sister is an unexpected sexual relationship and the possibility that the cartoon in the sibling competition. (For the love of the same woman) are all clear. Every time the movie turns out horribly. <br /> <br /> Instead, the audience must be under a winding and unattractive situation that looks crooked and boring performances from struggling actors. Believe and clear in Need more strict directions Lack of direction seems surprising. On the other side, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek each gave a lot of pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon, who were especially prominent - turned their attention to compensation sometimes. Can blame this with the director - perhaps Sue Kramer hopes that if her actors act too seriously, they will force a laugh from the audience But again, the actors are veterans. Who would expect them to do better? <br /> <br /> Sue Kramer must think carefully what kind of movie she wants to do and who is who. Considering the possible issues, Gray's story will refer to and make her unable or unwilling to fully explore them in the context of comedy movies. Perhaps she should try writing plays instead. I know it's not easy to make a movie about women and women, especially when we hope to reach a wider audience than a single woman. But no matter what direction she goes, the unimportant and subtle characters such as gray
