This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You shouldn't watch this movie. But if you insist on wasting time, you should stop here. There are spoilers. Gray Matters focuses on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are brothers and sisters; Together in the eyes of everyone as a man and wife No sex In the beginning, the movie begins with the theme: 'The most ridiculous thing in the most ridiculous moments when you think it is the most ridiculous reaction.' Gray and Sam decided to investigate the dog with a borrowed dog. Then pushed her brother to find the first woman they saw him emaciated. She did that and went to a polite question as well. When she signals for her brother to come, they will start dating for 3, Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the woman of their dreams, like all the right things, etc.? Sam finally hit the gray overhead and they both made an appointment with the marriage proposal! Charlie that accepts! In a week, Charlie Gray and Sam will be in Vegas. Next week, Charlie and Gray are going to buy a wedding dress. (Apparently Charlie has a strange shape) Gray is not cold latte. When Charlie introduces gray, try wearing some robes and pick up a $ 10,000 coat for her while Charlie is zipper. She is in a gray dress 'One-time payment' continues to be a latte. (I swear it is like a feed bag) What will happen except 'Wow!' It never explained how they came out of Bloomingdale's bridal dress shop with a $ 10,000 mocha dress. Back to reality '?? The Emperor's Palace of Las Vegas. They have a 'high roller chamber' (Sam is a regular surgeon and Charlie is a zoologist. They get all this money). Gray kicks Sam out to a single room. Hallway for her and Charlie Drink like that. You guess it - they kiss each other. Gray. Remember everything. Charlie Nada They made it a marriage church, and when the Reverend entered the line "If anyone is here with any objection related to the combination of these two lovers," Gray will hiccup. Gray excuse himself for some reason. Reverend must repeat his last line and enter. Waiting for 'hiccups' again, Gray came back to New York and started dating a man she met. And of course you guess it again! Gay, the other person is a jerk and the third person is a taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. He is hit in gray. But the feeling will not be returned They became good friends. This is good because when she cleans and Sam about kissing He explodes and kicks her out of their apartment. When Sam comes into his feelings, he goes to her office. Gray works at this advertising agency in the middle of the twilight zone. There are cameras and microphones in all conference rooms that broadcast to all computer monitors at the agency. Sam puts Gray in one of the meeting rooms to talk privately and end up at her office. This is where I suspect that there is a gay or lesbian man on the team: Gordy comes to help her and convince her to go to a lesbian bar. 'Sorry for not having a man talking.' The liar, so Gray and Gordy came back with Gordy in a bad drag. He was dressed in a black satin sleeveless dress, pearls and grandma's church hat. There is no lesbian who is confused that 'This man in the skirt' is the queen dragging women much less Bar is a male fantasy in the story of a lesbian bar: full of models of Victoria's Secret. Everything turns into a peach. She returned home with her company's customers. Gray was in the women's account and eventually did more than kissed. For some reason, no one said that Charlie did anything and she was not interested in the whole film of this kiss with Gray. But that is a sequel
