When watching movies like 'Hot Rod', everyone has to sit and relax and change their intellectual abilities to the same state. ?? In this case, the state dims enough light to withstand one of the most stupid idiots for jokes. With a short 88 minutes, this movie has been drawn for a long time and buried himself under a group of repetitive jokes, jokes that come in minorities and are not funny at first. The base material of 'Hot Rod 'That is superficial and unrelated to the Napoleon Dynamite in 2004, although it was invented and came without any laughter. In fact, the blatant despair of the film that will bring Spreadtrum Compared to 'Napoleon Dynamite', it is insulting and causing me to be sued instead of acting annoying. <br /> <br /> If anyone is forced to call It was a small story that made the actor watch out for Rod Kimble, who declared himself in front of us with a little intention of jumping on fifteen buses. (One of his idols, Evel Knievel, jumped up) Heart surgery rescued the stepfather's life. All so he can fight with his stepfather once recovering and receiving his respect? Because in order to be respected, we must fight with them first? Whatever the character, each character is not more interesting than the tentacles of the fishing rod and from the jokes of this movie to the ridiculous conclusion. With the addition of an additional 85 minutes, what the 'Hot Rod' is determined to be <br /> <br /> The star of the movie Andy Samberg is involved in trying to screen that exerts like Obviously every last time Dripping his talent, funny, unfortunately ?? Quite realistically? His humorous talent is not admirable than the five-year-old joke that tells his own jokes, some of which include innocent poop and jokes. And if it's disappointing, pull the chair, hide your face in your hand and hold yourself for the real explosion: he is the humor of this movie! In order to help them from their downfall, I would not be interested in the role of Samberg's co-star and reluctantly leaving the third team of The Lonely Island, director Akiva Schaffer, to his incompetence as a director ?? Or comedian Basically, everything we can do to provoke a comedy-court is a perfect picture. And act arrogantly as if this movie would be more fun Trick yourself into believing that there is even a single laugh in this division or rewarding yourself with another movie ?? Other movies
