This film cannot decide whether its message is "The evil and the bad man and the animal are sweet and flawless" or "Never go into the water again". The fisherman (Nolan) goes out to catch the killer whale, which is a terrible thing. But when he accidentally (Marking you accidentally) bump the pregnant cow instead of her cow friend. The cow - and I use this word in every sense - obviously is a sick female psychopath and a respected villain - hurling himself against. The propeller that tries to chew himself is a small, unsavory and ugly piece, not to mention the inefficient suicide method. (I wonder if it was her first time) When the baby in her womb refused to leave the wounds that caused her own feud, her spouse repented with vengeance and vowed to hurt, kill and destroy all the men who spoke Nolan Obviously, among humans, psychos include dates, other psychos. <br /> <br /> Films reeks of half-thinking out anti-human messages. "Poor whale !! The wicked have to suffer and die! "And yet, it was not successful in destroying Nolan. It is true that when he determines his purpose is selfish and cruel But at the beginning of the first whale, he grew his heart and while the film continued, he grew more sympathetic to the whale's pain on the ice and the whale so it felt a little better. <br /> <br /> The last movie that Nolan pursued on the whale on a strange journey to the north, reminded me of Connecting the eerie whales of Melville and in a short period of time, which had a truly interesting conclusion that these two husbands might associate, understand, even respect each other with their own grief because Nolan lost. Wives and children in the womb Obviously Nolan respected the whale and felt the loss. However, it never went there. Whale characters do not have sympathy or respect for anyone. <br /> <br /> The last scene loses focus and turns into a jaw like a monster in the sea, killing everyone and Nolan and without a doubt. Supervision failed. Chomp up the hugger whale (tho he did well for her little previous head). I love animals and I hate whaling and anything more that I love killer whales. But if the goal of this movie is to make me feel That whales are victims and evil and disgusting people are completely failed Nolan shows sympathy and growth and feelings for others and all whales that are thought to be killed and disabled. <br /> <br /> The only message we can walk is "If you see a killer whale anywhere, anytime Call for other reasons. If you steal the wrong FIN, he will hunt you to the end of the earth that destroys everything around you. "
