Many people say that Orca Killer Whale is a jaw puller. This is not true, even though the huge commercial success of the Jaws will certainly make these men suspect. The story of the beast is more interesting for filmmakers in the second half of the 1970s killer whale. Killer whales should be better described as the modern cast of Moby Dick. It's a story about passion. On the one hand, there is an obsessive pursuit of whales to avenge the death of friends; On the other hand, a bounty hunter's mission to kill the whale before it can claim life anymore. Sadly, the Orca - Killer Whale is a very frustrating movie. Its interesting idea is quite cheap. Destroyed by an unusual hammam and planning show. <br /> <br /> Nolan shark hunter (Richard Harris) Rampling dives off Canada's Atlantic coast. Their meeting almost ended in disaster when Rachel's team was attacked by a great white shark. But the killer whale arrived in a short time to stop the shark. After this, Nolan became obsessed with capturing more killer whales and selling them to the aquarium. But his plans were back when he accidentally killed a pregnant woman while a pale man was watching. Rachel tells Nolan that the killer whale is an incredibly intelligent mammal with memories and strong feelings like humans. Worse than that, the native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the whale will remember its grief and do everything he can for revenge. At first, Nolan tried to forget all the tragic events. But the whale caused damage in the fishing town and the disgruntled villagers began calling for Nolan to lay the sea to follow it and destroy it. In the end, Nolan was forced to chase a killer whale? The hunt leads to the empty ice floats of the Arctic Ocean, where humans and evil creatures play their final battle against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things that stand out in this movie One is the score that is haunted by Ennio Morricone (probably the greatest songwriter of all time music films. His talent is lost with ten different clunkers during the 70's and 80's). Ted Moore's amazing screen, which makes this film a favorite in other departments. Orca ?? Killer Whale is a shitty movie that does nothing to strengthen the reputation of actors and teams with m Harris appeared violently throughout the film, his hair stained with black rings around his eyes and pale skin. His performance lacked normal power. Rampling rendered many sexy poses. But could not convince her to explain thoroughly about the way of the whale The rest of the actors wasted a short time in the role and did not develop the best memories that saw Derek make her legs bitten by a vengeful whale. Plot all the nonsense from beginning to end with amazing scenes like whales, deliberately igniting a fire in a fishing village that surrounds and destroys local distilleries! Although it is credible to assume that whales are intelligent creatures with true emotions. But the idea that a whale can plan revenge on a single human enemy and complete it Killer whale Killer whales are the only one for male scholars. vs Beast from the late 1970s, mostly going out of the movie, shaking their heads in disbelief and crushing their teeth in despair.
