Orca began as a ferocious Irish ship captain, Nolan. (Richard Harris) and his team are trying to catch a giant white shark so they can sell at a high price. Unfortunately, the unfortunate marine biologist, Robert Carradine, was killed by a killer whale, causing Nolan to be interested in the killer whale and deciding that he wanted to catch it instead. However, while trying to do so, he caught a pregnant woman and was wounded at the level that she had aborted her fetus on the deck, which made her busy and angry. Nolan ordered the whale to be dropped into the sea. Which is what happened The male killer whale was annoyed to say at least & killed one of Nolan's crews before they reached Newfoundland's dry land in Canada, when the killer whale carried on a continuous attack in the city. Nolan Going out to the sea to fight death ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Michael Anderson, I think this obvious fraud is terrible. I'm sorry. But I think it's ridiculous, plain and utterly boring. At least 90 minutes. The script by producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati is very stupid. I lost the word, the fact that it seemed to be very serious. Didn't help & if I had to listen to Charlotte Rampling. Go about the ingenuity of an orca whale. Again, I will scream. I'm sorry. But I don't believe that Killer Whale is smart enough to know which ship belongs to & sink it. I don't believe Killer Whale can cause a big explosion, including knocking oil lamps from the wall. On the opposite side, there was no way on earth to know that it was there. I do not believe that the killer whale could identify someone's home, knowing that someone was there and destroying it accidentally. The killer whale can move the iceberg around to catch the boat. I do not believe that killer whales can recognize people. & I do not believe it has an instinct of revenge or at least none as strong as this dumb movie. . Maybe I might be a little harsh. I mean, it's just a movie after all. But it was a movie that was trying to be serious and everything was ridiculous until I thought that half the killer whale would write a letter to Nolan to tell him his plan & his hand (or should it be fins?) Can do anything They should ask it to help treat colds! Seriously, that's a statement that doesn't bring more than anything else in this movie. I found that this movie is very boring, very boring and has horrible characters without showing on the screen at all. It goes without saying that this is the movie Jaws (1975) that didn't come close to Spielberg's classic. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is not Spielberg. Of course, this movie has no doubt. Afraid of tension or atmosphere All the attacks were boring, like washing dishes and completely forgotten. There was nothing created for them and barely paid anything because Orca didn't eat alone. Then there was a scene that I truly laughed. The image of Killer Whale that seemed to cry was a pure joke and the opening scenes of the two Killer Whale that I suspect were trying to show them a pair of 'love' and 'caring'. I can't help but think that this is the closest thing we can get. Killer Whale Porn The hilarious pictures of killer whales are gentle and boring instead of videos The couple and the scenery around it seems as dull documentary wildlife associated with something a little different. Have you been impressed that I don't like this movie? D. Forget about proper blood or death as well. There is a short scene when Derek bites her legs. But blink of an eye, then you will miss. <br /> <br /> This may be a big budget & it is still bad. There is nothing remarkable about Orca. It makes me think. But flat and completely forgotten Even though the movie is quite good, the performance is not good. Rampling is terrible. & Harris's late Irish accent. <br /> <br /> Orca is a torn jaw that doesn't care or mess up everything that is done. Spielberg's movie is very good. One for bad movie lovers everywhere Definitely not recommended, although not as bad as Jaws: The Revenge (1987).
