I watched this movie recently on Hallmark. In my opinion, this movie started well enough. <br /> <br /> Story: The US military in Afghanistan received one Christmas card that a woman in the US sent to the army. For christmas He became inspired by the Christmas card that he felt he gave him hope and happiness in life, inspiring him to continue. When he set out, he went to a city where a young woman lived. He found a brave woman and eventually found that she was the one who sent Christmas cards He met the family and after rescuing her father (Vietnam veteran) from being hit by a car while crossing the road, the family decided to take him for a while. We learned that he had no family at home. The soldiers agreed to help the family during the Christmas season by working with them at their logging company. The family loves him and vice versa. The soldiers fell in love with the family's daughter - a woman who sent a Christmas card. Only one problem She has a serious relationship with the man she loves already. It is also a long-term relationship. The fans are very different from the soldiers. He likes wine and travels to France more than hard work and outdoor activities. Women like the back Throughout the rest of the movie, there is a "love triangle" because the woman's girlfriend came back to visit her in the season. It seems that everyone in the family wants the daughter to be with the military and the mother needs the best for her daughter. ** (SPOILER ALERT) ** The woman likes the soldiers more and more because they are very similar. They spend a lot of time together. She gradually becomes attracted to his people. One day he kissed her and she kissed him. Now she is very confused! She fell in love with her boyfriend and wanted to marry him one day. But she likes the military very soon. Fans (who don't know about kissing But with the protection of the woman and thinking that the soldiers tried to move in to her) decided to propose to the woman and she accepted However, his plans for their marriage are not the plans she wants. She wants to stay at home with children and close to her family. He wants to travel around the world to exotic places, and if they have children, they want to take them too. It sounds exciting for women. However, the soldiers felt bad about what they did and didn't want to make things worse. So he decided to leave the city even though his father advised him to stay with his daughter. Everything came when we served on Christmas Eve to the church. We found that the soldiers were not left. The girlfriend and the girl talked outside and he was broken. In general, decided to let her go and break up with her. The film ends with the women and soldiers gathered together. <br /> <br /> My favorite thing: I like soldiers throughout the story. He is good and polite with a good feeling of doing for others. There are many times when families go to the Church and participate in charity events. The family held hands and prayed during dinner at the table. Father and mother have a long and strong marriage that is clearly visible. The soldiers tried to do the right thing in the situation after he had done something wrong. <br /> <br /> What I don't like: There is a "love triangle" in general in this movie. The soldier turned sour, as he slowly moved into the woman thoroughly and finally kissed her when she had a girlfriend; Most families appreciate this behavior - families go with the Church and participate in service. But this is the way they practice There is a bad language. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: I was disappointed when the film continued and it was getting worse. I ended up sending the movie at the end very quickly because I had enough. Therefore, the movie started out well at certain times of the gem. But ended up destroying himself So I don't recommend this movie to anyone.
