The story of the FBI (1959) is Warner Bros. 149 minutes. An epic tribute to the famous crime investigation agency! From Don Whitehead's book, a rather difficult screenplay by Richard L. Green and John Twist and directed by Mervyn LeRoy with a little flair. However, it has a beautiful film color by Joseph Biroc and a score that is useful by magicians. The music of the studio Max Steiner! <br /> <br /> Movie chart History of the office from the beginning of the middle and modern era Everyone saw through the memories of being a fast-paced agent, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart), while he was involved in his investigative experience - in the past - for a class of young representatives. But it is long and long! And as it progresses, it begins to look like a mini-TV series instead of producing important movies, while young Hardesty carries an audio crime in America from the arrest of famous crimes such as "Baby Face" Nelson, Ma Barker, Dillinger, etc. The evil organization like Ku Klux Klan, the Nazi spy and Red Menace and here must be said that for the appearance of the screen and its star appeal, the FBI story may Each ended in a disaster is forgotten. Moreover, this is another problem of the picture - Stewart was left to bring the whole movie on his own! With the exception of Vera Miles - who has a role that does not see the value of being a long-suffering wife But his dedication - he was surrounded by secondary players All the time you find yourself expecting someone like Robert Ryan, Jack Palance or Raymond Burr to create a welcome reception as a gangster or police chief. But nothing to imagine as you think! Deplorable! <br /> <br /> However, this film can give a good image within the work of the office! With the help of Stewart's lectures, we learned about thousands of men and women working for the organization, including hundreds of representatives in this field. And we are also taken care of in the headquarters, which is the location of the giant logs and we also see the chemists and fingerprint experts meticulously through their daily work. <br /> <br /> The advantage for this movie is Steiner's outstanding score! Listening to the title is a powerful, inspiring and determined song, while the gentle moments of the image have an engaging love theme. But the creativity is rather scary and ominous for the Ku Klux Klan sequence And better than that is the Latin-American song that is the rhythm that the author wrote for the South American scene, especially the exciting Fandango, such as preparation for the arrival of the US military on horseback. The story of the FBI is one. In five points that the author wrote in 1959, which included Samuel Ronston's military epic "John Paul Jones", charming Rom-com "Cash McCall", Western Semmer "The Hanging Tree" and Daves 'A Summer Place "which received Young Love T heme - which will become an important hit for Steiner, better known as the "Theme from A Summer Place" <br /> <br /> FBI story about film merger thanks to Cinematography A variety of Biroc, Steiner's great songs and of course Jimmie Stewart that makes everything look. <br /> <br /> Classic, but it's an unbelievable genre from the FBI story ........ ..... Nick Adams, who is gentle (Which just exploded the plane with 43 people on the plane, including his mother) being taken out to handcuff. He turned to the authorities to arrest himself and blurts: "In the event that I received any letters in prison next month Or after that you can send to HELL "Wow!
