This is an interesting movie - especially with old movies and historians (both of me). In the first half of the twentieth century, sadly, black Americans are often not allowed to enter the white theater. As a result, the theater that serves the audience. Black wants to show a movie that reflects the Black experience and shows Black actors. In many cases, this movie is similar to the general Hollywood plot. But has a much lower budget and often has terrible production values You are not wrong with the filmmakers - they don't have the money and resources for a general movie company. As a result, they have to do because of very little - including reliance on the actors who have seen over and over again. There is no money for the filming scene again and it is necessary to complete the movie soon! This film tries hard to become the movie Gene Autry, the Black version - starring Herb Jeffries. Instead, Jeffries is a dark skin from the mixed family and he starred in many similar cowboy films. Each time he sings a little bit of a fight. (Although very bad) and little love - everything you need in a cowboy Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at the age of 96. <br /> <br /> The general plot cannot be seen from the image of Autry - along with the unusual items such as the Western phone! The problem is that despite similarities But the low budget shone through Stymie (from Li'l Rascals) flubbed a few lines, but they just left in the fight scene, not entirely redesigned and belonging to the worst group that ever had in the movie. No background music This movie is quite quiet) and the performance is quite bad. <br /> <br /> This doesn't mean that this movie isn't worth watching - but it's about technical issues that prevent it from being scored higher. One critic rated this movie 10 stories! How can this be with all the problems that are beyond me? However, I can understand people who like this movie despite many problems. In general, the plot is quite good, cute characters, great musical numbers, and you know that those who make this movie try hard and it's an important history of America. But 10! <br /> <br / > By the way of being handsome, Jefferies is very tall, skinny and white. Almost paired with Mantan Moreland. Short, unwieldy and dark .... as his brother !! In addition, Spencer Williams may be familiar to you. He plays Andy and the TV "Amos' n Andy"
