Although there are some examples in the documentary 4, now hinting at the need to reform drug laws for recreation. But these things have not been well developed. In contrast to many examples from those who feel that illegal drugs The only solution that can be imagined is to imprison those who are guilty, even if just possessing such drugs. <br /> <br /> Although the overall program makes the audience feel impressed that the drug war. Most of the exercise is useless and wasted money, and in order to deserve praise, there is almost nothing in this documentary that discusses the real problems that arise in war with those who have illegal drugs. Obviously The drug warrior will tell you if asked. They think that the drug war is designed to solve the problem. For example, while spending several minutes using violence related to the growing popularity of cracking cocaine in the 1980s, this program did not even suggest that laws designed to crack crack cocaine were impossible for those who Drug sales will be enforced. Contracts and business agreements in their courts force them to turn to violence to stay in business. But instead of looking at the law as a major cause of violence, drugs themselves seem to receive heavy penalties. The violence that occurred and the subsequent ban will be completely ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help extend the lifestyles of drug users and this is what The main force in driving the war on drugs is expensive and very problematic. The possibility of combining drugs other than alcohol with a happy and successful life is not touched. Excess medication may cause personal problems. But not all users who do excess drugs, like all non-alcoholic alcohol users. <br /> <br /> If you want a perspective from someone Those who believe that adults have a moral right not to be incarcerated and destroyed by the criminal justice system just because they use drugs that the government is most arbitrary political reasons, rather than justification based on the right social and scientific policies. Required by law In order to prohibit all that the user decides not to do a comparative war with anyone, just forget it There is nothing here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is hardly in the category of anti-drug propaganda. Most of them are interesting history of drugs in the 20th century, such as marijuana, LSD, heroin, cocaine, MDMA and Oxycontin. But there are important elements in many people's perspectives about drug laws and Most (But not all) that didn't think much or had good information and was a favorite of warriors, warriors, drugs, especially about drugs Apart from marijuana, <br /> <br /> The criminal justice system, along with the punishment that causes frequent deaths, is not the only answer or the most appropriate answer for every social problem. Unfortunately, there is an epidemic in this country. The unnamed disease with the main symptoms is the lack of imagination about social policy when talking about certain drugs, lack of sympathy for human beings, prejudice against people who use drugs that are not approved by the government Paying attention to the growth of the prison industry / treatment and indifference to human dignity It's immoral in kidnapping or imprisoning people unless you have a very good reason for doing so and possessing only the arbitrary choice of drugs is unclear for that reason. This is the main problem when talking about drugs. But this program is not interested. <br /> <br /> So overall, the parts of this program that offer a neutral history without having to enter the pattern information of drug users in The heart of the drug war idea is quite good and interesting and fun. But when talking about the presentation of unreasonable perspectives about drug policy and giving examples not only to viewers But people with drug problems But also a lot of people who combine drugs with a happy and successful life.
