For many years, Madonna tried to prove that not only But only you But still known in the public eye that she can perform Too bad to try too hard while not being able to get rid of your own personality. <br /> <br /> She seems to be better when she is not a movie star: if you watch her in support of Acting in a desperate quest, Susan (1985) or A LEAGUE OF THEIRIR (1992). Actually, she looks good because the story revolves around other actors. The weight of expectations is removed from her shoulders for a fee. start /> <br /> The problem started when <br she was asked to be the star of the movie regardless of genre. Whether it is good, medium or very bad, she must emit sounds in a manner similar to real movie performances compared to video performances. This is an important difference between Madonna and Bette Davis or Meryl Streep in the second, even if the movie fails. (Because the narrative with the image is not effective in getting us involved with it, or because of the short screenplay or because the actor is not in her time) there will be something special in their performance that will raise the movie. From complete explosion Both Davis and Streep have their share: Betty has a career longer than women in fares such as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and evil temps (1989); Streams in SHE-DEVIL (1989), but at least there is a natural way in which both of them attack their roles that make us forget the boredom of the movie and watch the show <br /> <br /> Madonna in The way back is not a particularly talented actor. From giving us the ability to convey other characters other than herself, the price is much worse, and even in someone's hands as Woody Allen in SHADOWS and FOG (1992). Inferior to you And may be a little nervous as if she were aware of the camera and the team and could not let go. <br /> <br /> So here she tried again to prove what she could do Essentially, two movies, Guy Ritchie, which are well known in action movies that are full of energy, masculinity, seem to be nonsense to tell stories close to people who like it. Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who can tell the story of two people incredibly easily, and in 89 minutes, an event that happened in an unbelievable way when the last half hour arrived and the story changed remarkably. sincere From being a complete witch without having to pay a ransom to having a sudden love, this is the most unbelievable thing around 180 degrees due to Laura's Fay Dunaway. Laura discovers a passion for Tommy Lee Jones. In the eyes of LAURA MARS (1978), unbelievable is the disgusting reversal of Adriano Giannini in the middle of the movie - it has no sense of humor and truly feels psychosis - and when he gives love Madonna is too early to believe. This filming in slow music and editing of love and beautiful scenery did not increase or increase in "Change" from what will be the story of survival between different characters, a love story that both find each other. <br /> <br /> Trying to make the movie end up unsatisfactory as well - It makes it drag, halt, and when Madonna is shot in the hope of breaking in the near term. Felt that she tried too hard Many actresses do better in conveying small things. She is a performance that fits the style of acting in the late 20s and early 30s, in which gesture compensation is a part or emotion. <br /> <br /> This film is better or not. There are many ways to shoot in a way that will make the audience feel that at least these people hope to see each other again - it has been done in OVERBOARD ( 1987) It may be Faintly existing two people who are very different to rely on each other. But no need to change (In order to ensure that there is a virtuous tone), many unnecessary dialogue and erotic scenes may be refrained from watching movies that are more "quiet" in PERSONA (1966). It may be exciting. If the character Giannini had a time like Billy Zen in DEAD CALM (1989), although it was a sex joke, it would work better for Madonna as the ultimate uber-controlled controller. Get her But with a sense of humor that is averaged with at least a glimpse of her character with a soft side hidden behind the bitchdom's mask and without defining Giannini's own character. This became a misunderstanding. other
