I almost saw this in the real cinema. (Art theater no less!) But can't make it available all week. But yesterday I saw it on the cable and ... well .. I was not disappointed. Of course! Madonna do it again: still exploding again! When will this girl learn? When will the studio learn? (Or maybe they already have, because this film was mostly abandoned with a little fanfare and deadly word of mouth). One hopes that it will be directed by her talented husband who creates interesting work. And / or extremely scary Madonna of the same quality is shown in "Desperate in seeking Susan"; Alas, it does not mean that it is because here she is her worst thing: surprisingly, she believes in her greatness. Naughtyness absorbs all the frames she is in. She can't tolerate the accent. English manners The accent emphasizes only the fact that her speech is immature and unsatisfactory. This may sound unnecessarily cruel. But listening to women and watching her movies in the past decade: like Betty Davis on the latter day is clearly fragile, not only But her transportation only Which, even though there is a warm photograph displayed throughout the movie All her credibility is so wrong that anyone can wonder what the greatest actress in the world on her best day can do with this mess. No one is involved in an unharmed escape: Bruce Greenwood seems to be painful on the screen, although the poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to carry himself as if she were in really good things that made me think forever. That time "Rejected, not the Egyptian river!" Adriano Giannini, son of Giancarlo Giannini, the original Italian star "Swept Away ..." is like his father in front of him, charming and not bad at all. (Although winning the Razzie contest for "The Worst Actress") But like almost everything about this production, everything comes back to Madonna. Why is she Why isn't her husband, Guy Ritchie's director? Who do you think is behind this remake? Any actress who does not want everything about the movie to be centered on her without only one relative sharing the screen. Oh, sure Ritchie deserves some penalty: Of course - or someone - everyone! - There should be and be able to be his leader, go out and confirm what is attached to the actual feeling of reading her chapter. (For her performance is very woody, it is surprising that the rest of the actors do not receive scrap) or at least The shape of warmth ... but she seems to be resistant to being anything but a black hole in the cinema. Above all, this is a ridiculous project for her star, so she is ultimately responsible for this. This movie is a "strange pair" - the war of classes should be light and fun, with a leader that can bounce each other with wit, romance, dialogue for movies that plot to be relevant. How are the different people stuck? Honestly, I don't think everyone involved knows that the tone they try; It was not successful as a comedian. (I challenge you to laugh even once) or a love affair (the daily routine of Madonna's ice princess forbid any chemists). It's not bad enough for us who like bad movies to Enjoy Real shame ...
