If I misunderstand that sadly, I rented A Nightmare on Elm Street 3 years ago and have music videos. I'm pretty sure that the name of Dream Warriors at the end and I rented this DVD in the hope that The video will be there because it is one of the most fun things I've ever seen. It's amazing that the content from the 80s is now very funny. But there is nothing more fun than rap video. The 1980s had a group of rap groups singing the Dream Warriors in the VHS version of the movie after the credit, and they all wear like a denim jacket without a bottom shirt and jeans. Daisy Duke shorts What will make the rap group look more stupid? I can't imagine. <br /> <br /> (Spoiler) No matter how, I was disappointed in finding the video in the DVD version. There is a mediocre installment in the Freddy Krueger series. The sequence of movies begins with the same concept as Episode 2, with the main characters witnessing all kinds of gruesome murders and then coming out of trance and searching. The own bloody hands Kristen Parker (Patricia Arquette) has a nightmare about the infamous house that Nancy Thompson once lived, then ran to the bathroom, the handle of the sink became the hand of Fei. Daddy and attack her Own wrist Then the movie became a normal, mental hospital. <br /> <br /> `Larry 'Fishburn was always tired of playing bad roles in his role. This as a good man, orderly But when the patient wants to bend the rules slightly, it's no surprise that he came back to do the most remarkable things in the movie Arquette became a successful actor. But did not make her acting skills perfect when she performed in this film Most movie characters are all patients at the mental hospital that Kristen has taken after cutting her wrist. All of them were insulting and uncooperative, almost no one believed that they were there. Eventually, they realized and were able to convince employees that they all had dreams about the same man and that it was not. Just some hysteria groups. <br /> <br /> Heather Langenkamp came back to have a famous role as Nancy Thompson. This time he grew up as a dream researcher from her childhood experiences related to Freddie Krueger. It is not surprising that she can relate to Kristen, hysterical, and other patients quickly because she is experiencing what they are experiencing. There are interesting murders in this sector and the technology used for special effects has made a big leap. Freddie is a huge giant worm that tries to swallow Kristen. There is a scene in which the television becomes Freddie and the mechanical arm. He picks up a patient for late night entertainment and punishes her sitting too close. At the TV, but there are unbelievable animated scenes in which two men fight with the skeleton of Freddy Krueger, which has rotting in the trunk of the car in the parking lot. And another more lamenting scene is the scene in which Freddy attacks a patient in his dreams. (Famous for sleepwalking) tearing the muscles and ligaments from his arms and legs and bringing him around like a puppet. Um / <br /> We went to see Freddy's past in This sector not only will we meet with his mother only But we also discovered a situation that made Freddie a more than 100 crazy father in the fight with Freddy. All patients gathered and in their dreams used their special powers. (Which mostly reflects their shortcomings in real life) to fight with him A student tied to a wheelchair can walk in his dream. Another person has a hilarious power in what he calls Another expert wizard is "beautiful and bad" (she has many makeup Indians, feet high, and she had a knife) Wise, but the film fell when only one patient, who didn't speak, had no power in his dreams until the climax of the movie when he suddenly realized. That he can speak in his dreams Just the right moment to save the day) His dream power is too clear to be left for a long time. But overall, now you can see why this movie is called Dream Warriors. <br /> <br /> All this isn't completely weak. Set. The performance is quite scary. But actually it's quite good for horror movies Larry Fishburn Larry oversees many remaining actors, showing excellent acting skills early in his career, and this film is not just a revamp of the first two? The problem of the disaster on Friday, the 13th movie more than the Elm Street movie. The character never developed enough to allow for the creation of tensions later, which caused most of the deceased to find creative ways to Killing someone in a horror movie rather than losing the life of a tragic character We have known and rooted for victory over evil. But again, not many horror movies take time to develop their characters to the point where you throw your hand into defeat when they are killed or on the edge of the seat while running for their lives. But it is important to know that a few horror films that do that are consistently the best movies?
