I wondered why I didn't like Peggy Sue's marriage more than I had done when it first came out in 1986 with all the ads. Anyway, I can't find the character of Nic Cage. Then the plot doesn't seem reasonable. At the end of the credit, the question was thought of: What movie did this matter? What does it say? Answer. Unfortunately, not much if anything. I do not think this movie is intended to be a statement. If it is "Your life is your life, you will make the same mistake, no matter what happens. So keep an eye on the donut, not the hole." I'm sorry for not doing it deeply in this movie. Writing just isn't good. That direction is not the same and there are times when looking over. Kathleen Turner is the best person and in my opinion there is But what is worthwhile in this movie and showing the miracle that created all the characters, even if it is a strange situation, cannot be explained by a script that has no clear command I'm the main reason I don't like this movie again. She said in her autobiography that Cage acts against the direction of Uncle Coppola. Every step is done. "His own way" (not a good idea for a new actor) and speaks with the sillyness she calls "stupid" As a young man I understand what he is trying to do: play as "Hot shot", a young man who is not as hot as he thinks. He sets his own karma for future failures. But he went to the water like he did. It didn't work. And if he listened to his uncle instead of "turbulent man", we would have a fun movie. Cage dropped a bit with his terrifying sound style in the movie and sometimes sounded like a real person, and those scenes were more visible than others, but if I had to watch the movie completely, I would find myself wanting to pay Money for someone in Al, to pour water on his head in the scene where he has been more affected. <br /> <br /> The movie is not intended to be a statement. As well, to see except when Cage was impressed to Elvis (but no sound), and ultimately confusing and time consuming. Considering all this, Kathleen Turner deserves an Oscar in this film. I can't recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this unless you like Turner and have a remote to choose all of her scenes. Believe me, you won't miss anything along the plot by crossing other scenes and it's justifiable. <br /> <br /> Kathleen Turner has received a lot of damage from critics. About the comments in her cage, which proves that she is strong enough to be honest and contend with other people's opinions You go, Turner! I am not a big fan of this actress than I am an actor or a leading actor. Kage's acting can be annoying and here it doesn't work. At least in this movie, we already know why.
