THE NIGHT EVELYN came out of the grave (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971) <br /> <br /> I watched the Euro-tosh sheet in the way of Alpha Video which released an awesome DVD. Video transfer) But from what I see not interesting enough to buy the latest release DVD of No Shame. Considering their great work, it will be an incredibly important update in the previous version. All this And don't pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it's not taken from this movie (Some women holding Jim Carrey's head look like) <br /> <br /> Spaghetti West, sports star Anthony Steffen Hip hairstyle and assume the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, the man who haunted by the memory of his deceased wife Evelyn. This led to the neurological symptoms he was detained in a psychiatric clinic. Cunningham released this injury channel by selling a hot red to his castle in the countryside, allowing them to be tortured wildly. Richard Timberlane, his doctor and friend (What do you mean, the name of the Italian horror movie has a "make up?") Suggest that he forgot the past and remarry. But Cunningham was obsessed with Evelyn and organized the séance at the castle. Finally, after killing more women, he met Gladys, another redhead, and married her almost immediately. But the arrival of his new wife caused many horrifying events. A bloodthirsty monster attacks Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Becoming more hopeful, Cunningham visited Evelyn's grave and discovered that it was empty. Soon many people began to wonder if there was something interesting going on in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment might not be successful. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tried to blend. Gothic horror and Giallo. The conventions that have limited success, usually only a small amount of effort, are not created to convince movie viewers to be created in England. Cars drive to the right side of the road. Everyone looks very Mediterranean and the castle. (And the rest of the architecture) is clearly Italian This is common in Italian horror. But sometimes they take this too far Poor printing makes it something that can be received slightly because it is very dark so you can't see the environment much. But then again, this is a type of film in which everything can happen in the name of exploitation and showing reality, not a problem. Mainly consisting of torture scenes sado-masochistic In the castle torture room But in most cases, Anthony Steffen stuck in this room and showed a terrifying performance. I guess that all depends on your mental state and it can be fun nonsense if you are in the right mood. I can't get it, at least not the way I look. Satisfactory score by Bruno Nicolai, which combines easy listening music with some psychedelic numbers. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
