Alan (Anthony Steffen), a British millionaire with a few screws (Thanks to his first wife who is not honest and died prematurely during childbirth) attracted a sexy red head woman into his castle. When returning to his ancestral division he would get a nekkid carrying Letting them with a cow whip and kill them. <br /> <br /> But when he meets the hot blonde girl Gladys (Marina Malfatti) and falls in love with her. There was ample charm. He decided to abandon the way of killing and getting married. Their marriage happiness is short-lived. But thanks to Alan's unstable mental condition which became more fragile when Evelyn, his dead wife, began to appear outside the window and had a horrific murder in the castle area. <br /> <br /> So come to the conclusion: the Groovy era horror of the 70s with delicious women in many scary gothic retreats and foggy tombs A sadistic psychologist who is full of passionate, graceful babies who fall dead with chipping. The murders of evil many times (Including a small matter in which one victim had her head beaten with stones and her internal organs were eaten by the fox). Normally, such checklists will guarantee me a good time or not, so why do I find that ' The Night Evelyn came out of her grave. 'So boring? For beginners, the story is too complicated: there is a red herring, developing a crazy plot and many suspects and everything becomes too much. From a ridiculous end to which we discovered that many people have planned to get paw, covet Alan's wealth and whether our head-to-be kill would be the movie's hero. My head hurts too much to take care of! The second direction of Emilio Maraglia is quite scary, stylish, yes, but slower than sometimes molasses. <br /> <br /> And then there is a bit stupid too. Probably for the giallo: death from a bite. Viper (Of course, one of the most strange weapons ever); Alan, Agatha, Aunt of Alan, an old crippled relative played by a cute girl The employment of a group of blond hair, curly head, the same as a maid; A bad attempt to convince the audience that the film is based in England (mentioning 'pounds' and hiring police uniforms for one of those special things is not enough); And of course, it is impossible to find a sulfuric acid bag next to the pool ... <br /> <br /> 'The Night Evelyn came out of her grave.' Not all garbage, time (how is it possible for women to show a lot of meat), but there is a better Giallo there. Watch this game if you're a fan of the genre and you've seen the best. But don't expect too much
