Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio de Teffè) is a nutjob {see early in an attempt to escape the mad hospital}. This castle slowly surrenders, destroying slowly, like killing various prostitutes that resemble his wife, Eve. Lean Humans and those red locks, this nutcase is quite lucrative and his undergraduate status can be quite appealing. However, he was possessed by the obsession of the deceased wife. (Especially her adultery .. he saw her naked with a lover) while Evelyn's memories almost swallowed all his creatures. Alan tried his best to find true love and believed that He has with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, who spent most of the movie naked .. that may be lonely because she is not A very good actress) who agreed to marry him after a brief courtship which should leave the flag immediately. {There are important moments of conversation that you know he is worth. <br /> <br Alan, the only person who can truly trust is his doctor from the hospital. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) has other main characters in this movie that revolves around Alan. Alan George's cousin (Rod Murdoch) seems to be a good friend who often let him fall victim .. I mean, the day while still hoping to get the land of his boss, Albert someday (Roberto Moldera) Evelyn's brother witnesses the murder of Alan, and instead of causing him to become a police agent, he squeezes money for cash. Aunt Agatha (Joe Ann Davis C.) Wheelchair users live in the castle's land and often The snooping around behind the door a crack. Later, we found that she had a love affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> All of the above described serves the rest of the story, which shows what appears to be a ghost of A. Evelyn haunts Alan. Of the actors family that revolves around Alan and Evelyn's body, of course. <br /> <br /> The last question is the person who committed the crime after Alan and Glad married. Where is Lean going to the edge? I have to be honest and say that I don't care much about this. It's not as good as it is and walking around the place. It looks very good on new DVDs and "The rise of the grave sequence" is cool, but what hurts my movie is that all the actors don't like it. You have a hard time taking care of Alan because he is a psychopath that skates some ice about consciousness. He is quite volatile. Whoever makes a mistake is not surprising that after many of the main characters were killed But there are a few options that can do it What happened to Alan didn't make your mouth deaf because you could argue that he just received what he deserved. Those behind the whole story of the movie about Alan, as I said before, are not shocking because if you are just aware of a few situations (or the advantages they have) that will benefit them. he The fall of Alan Sane, then everything came out less than the protagonist. I think the solution is absent and not exciting. But performances from all actors are below standard Some stylists help and have a gothic atmosphere in the sequence of cemeteries to help with something.
