This film is just another distortion among many distortions called Please note that 'Reverend Billy' (Bill Talen) is nothing more than an anti-government system. 'The sin of consumer protection' We may want to ask questions such as: 'Reverend Billy' What is a living for? How do he make money? He made his life out of the organization. 'Tax deductible' or not? The Internal Revenue Department argues that this is a church or an organization that is tax deductible. <br /> <br /> Everyone knows that Christmas has been sold. But it covers a day from the whole year that people have the opportunity to be a charity and help many people spend time with their family, friends Or extended family Not everyone is a charity. Not everyone spends time with family, friends or extended family. But holidays and holiday times give people the opportunity and opportunity Yes, America has more than the share of problems - but with American perseverance, there is always a great difficulty. And even in times of conflict, America has proved itself to be the greatest country in the world. That occurs when the American people pull together and gather together rather than split and divide Yes, there is a problem with the company and monopoly, but it will bring Americans back to a small business with a code of ethics to take care of people who live in our community responsibly. Yes, globalization gives us problems. But it will bring Americans to bring production back to America Americans and the United States government need to learn how to maintain the budget, no matter how large or small, and we have to stop relying on our credit. Trusting in our credit will make us poor from the source to the grave. It is important to buy - but if we buy less, we will rely on less credit. And if we can save even a small amount of money, we will have money on a rainy day Do not say that as an American, we will receive an equal share. Not guaranteed wealth and never guaranteed But stratification teaches us that only a few percent of Americans hold most of America's wealth. There is a good neighborhood that you or I can reach the level of the middle class and upper. And who knows what will happen from there? Be positive, work hard - and at the very least you and I will have access to some of our dreams. (If not all) in life, nothing is guaranteed But we have something to reach And if you or I don't have a dream, we may die as well In America there is always room for hope and dreams. We are part of the group. But we can always be a group leader. <br /> <br /> It's always my experience that churches and religions offer nothing more than distortion. To honor and respect people with beliefs, values ​​and other perspectives, but as far as the distortion in this film, I do not have faith in such beliefs, values ​​and perspectives. I rated this movie with 1 in 10 - but in all honesty and truth, this movie deserves to be zero. This film is incomplete and I can't recommend it.
