What happened? These are the first words to think about after this great movie is completed for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St. clearly fell after it was the first classic movie. But I wonder if anyone thinks this is a horrible anomaly. No one expected a joke about the film's universe and no one doubted this. <br /> <br /> This is ANOES 'worst movie. It's not bad at the beginning. A truly creepy intro and the relatively long bath scene of Alice. But then we hit the rock below in the beginning with bad performances and chaotic events. I mean, of course, Freddy's movie seems to be a dream and creepy. But this movie is like a train wreck in order to rank bad events Feel like you're a terrible headache, not that you're scared. Therefore, governance is completely failed. There are no suspected horror stories and good work from the previous sectors here, and even the death scene is just cruel and moral. (Especially the death of food) except the cool scenes that were created, such as fighting in comic books That's why this movie has a point. <br /> <br /> Story ... lame, lame, lame, lame. It's an excuse to make bad people and make MPAA crazy and nothing more. <br /> <br /> Performances ... How should I mention that Freddie became a small joke with a human-like shape? His newly born scene makes him look like a monster from a 7-year-old horror book instead of a dream and evil killer that we know and hate since the first movie. That arm waved and laughed as crazy as he appeared again ... and one of his liners. Throughout the movie, they suck badly. Primary students come with something more fun. Vomiting Freddy throws for 90 minutes of the movie. Hell, chimpanzees may have more fun lines than Freddie's words said here. Who wrote the script for this? This movie is really annoying. It seems pointless. Like the energetic gnats around your head that just disappeared Now annoying Freddy I've seen him many times. This person has nothing different and many times you just want him to take his terrible torpedo from your TV screen. Alice, instead of being a girl who thinks and is calm from the latest movie, seems to be annoying and very shy and this is because of the scary and scary script that this movie installs. Lisa Wilcox may be a great actor. And sometimes it shines through the cracks here But she can't record this movie Other actors sucked in. <br /> <br /> 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this film is scary and embarrassing. I hope Englund is ashamed of this. Who wants to see Freddy running around like a gorilla that turns into his long-legged limbs, laughing like a cartoon villain? This movie destroys everything I feel in the Nightmare series. I can't see them again without this picture flowing through my head. Of nasty cartoons that Kruger became He gradually became a jokey pop culture icon that was slow. But this is the lowest thing of the low people. This is the bottom of the rock. No one will focus on Freddy Krueger again after watching this movie. He is not a joke. But it's a farce that has been long overdue for retirement. <br /> <br /> From all the movies I hate, why is Nightmare on Elm, the series that I once loved and loved? The Dream Child shows the death of the legend and the destruction of any hope that I have in Nightmare in the Elm series. St. Freddie continues to move forward to become a clown in the next episode. Fred Daddy Dead Sea (Which is more fun), then he will make Freddie Jason's emotions and finally <br /> <br /> I know that this is a very annoying thing, why is Freddy now? But this movie is overall scary and one of the worst movies. It is not recommended to anyone and even those who graduate from ANOES do not want to see this again.
