This is the shit .... Most shit. I don't want to believe that any company will be able to make others work in this movie. Full Moon has many scary movies. But this story must be the worst First, the plot doesn't really exist. It's strange. It's as if they brought the idea to the story and they never participated in the development. It seems that they are wasting their time shooting outside the venue while the two "heroes" drive in the desert and Bradbury talks about 10 minutes of nonsense. There are two scenes in the movie (when Dez And Dazzy is driving a car Some conversations or actions They drove for about 5 minutes without anything except the music and the shock of the surrounding scenery. <br /> <br /> Next, we arrived at the show which was very scary. First of all, women who play Dazzy are just beasts. She looks very scary, I want to look out when she is on the screen! Scary casting Then you have someone who plays the dice, which cannot be shown if his life depends on him. His "crying" is really funny and the madman's comedy is more fun. The guy who plays the clerk at the hotel is as bad as someone who plays Bradbury. There is no show that deserves any recognition in this movie. <br /> <br /> Makeup effects ... "Effects" Very fake. They can laugh. The crazy little robot that looks at what the catepillar grabs someone. They are cut off and when they come back, the man has a completely disguised wound. Well, they run out of makeup budget ?! I must say that the druggie chick in the girl's apartment ... good makeup as well. I think they are looking for drugs and I think she should have black men. But it looks like it's a cheap make-up zombie for Halloween. <br /> <br /> This movie is terrible from the beginning The story is stupid and very informal. The direction seems to be performed by a 10-year-old child. The performance is at the lowest, low, and so far away from this film at all costs. It lasted only 70 minutes at first and at least 20 minutes by music and without interaction or characters sitting in the hotel. Do not waste time with this garbage.
