The tragedy is that this piece of garbage is part of my course while I study movies. So imagine that I was forced to look completely. I believe that going through hell is much easier. Our teacher told us that this is some movie ??? But he never thought that we would disagree or assume that it was usable I don't think there will be any gods on the planet. We are just humans. So every filmmaker, so they can make mistakes, bad movies .. or too bad. The main problem is not art. Overall, it is sensitive to endless views. But many people do not understand that every human has his own true taste. What is his own opinion? I think it is the greatest movie ever created and may be your worst story, and that is the correct way both ways. But how many people understand this correctly? So my teacher believed in this movie and I couldn't. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is to measure by the original intention to show the ancient folk stories of various types or anything that we can catch in the thoughts, imagination and nature of this society. To tell the truth to you, Pier Paolo Pasolini, as a playwright and director, makes you look more than able to endure at first. This movie is very ugly. I can't stand, so let's analyze it and find the beauty hidden there !! It surpasses your thoughts that are disgusting and not strange for the case of movies or anything. It is for the uncertain vision of (Pasolini). His work is outdated to the underdeveloped boundaries. Techniques for filming movies that are serious, powerful feelings and incredible horror make everything offensive. Look at the brutal performances, futuristic movie filming, terrible scenes .. Oh my God, I have nausea already. It can severely end your neutrality because watching this movie is one of the real pain, as well as removing the ingrown teeth by a blind doctor. There is a terrible nightmare that may have more mercy. So the original, how to proceed that just to check fairly? Actually you can't Because this movie does not give justice to you There are memorable scenes here, where some boys are staring into the camera's eyes (!). I try to connect something like that to the end of the murdered Pasolini.
