There is no movie with Madeleine Carroll on the cast that says I have to add that this British film is approaching. The story takes place on the ship 'SS Atlantic' and depends on the unfinished journey of 'Titanic' loosely. The words that are unlikely to say are that the inner lining hits the iceberg and we hear the choir from heaven. Singing "near my God to Him". The next passenger, finally, takes more time than the music in the clever voice work. But the year of the film's launch (1929) meant that modern audiences had to accept the original sounds and conferences, many performances of silent movies and stage. This is not a problem. The major flaw in this film is that walking and walking has been well developed in silence. However, if the dialog box is delivered at a realistic speed, the movie's working time will be reduced by half. The desired result is drama. (And clarity in the new media) but the results are not as boring as now The structure of the film is unreasonable and inefficient. I found some details about cutting-edge editing that are technically advanced: very good. A sudden cut from one area of ​​the boat to another, sometimes even with sound effects. Although we were on the 'Atlantic' ship from the first match, we went into the movie for more than 4 minutes before I discovered that truth. There is a long, annoying music by the boat's orchestra. (Providing easy entertainment and sound) personal stories are presented in an unbelievable and utterly unreliable form Don't even think about the phenomenon. The iceberg is a small thing and the external damage that occurs to the ship is a slight indentation. However, the scene of the passengers who climbed on the lifeboat - a clear scene on the real carriage tied to the harbor - created a lot of excitement. In addition to the famous Miss Carroll, these sequences are just a point of excellence. When the movie and the ship reached the end, the screen was dark many times when the generator started to fail. Their last darkness was the end of the movie, with the pinned sunset / sunrise, which is a clumsy symbol, "Atlantic" is a curiosity in the cinema. The best <br /> <br />
