I enjoy good drama and slow motion. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Stripped Bare By Her Bachelors, The Way Home, Spring in a Small Town, Hana bi, Eat Drink Man Woman, Dolls, Mood for Love and Spring Summer Season Autumn, winter, spring ?? Just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there are some movies in the drama category that try to ride a good movie while ignoring anything. This is what I call the IAN movie "Inexcusable nonsense". Tsing Ming Liang is the king of this subgenre and Vive L'Amour is his "masterpiece". In fact, this is a crème. de la crème of foul-smelling garbage under the guise of "art". People walk around in their apartments, drink water, walk back and forth, wait for the phone, pay for money, posters, hang paper, staple together to Eating toilet Remove the floor Tbiug have sex and so on. I am not kidding when I say that it is the correct conclusion of the whole movie, which is the quintessential children's poster for a waste of art trash. No plot in the story, no interesting or memorable events, no emotions, no meaningful conversations and most important ?? No drama. <br /> <br /> The most important scene. There are two people "fighting" on the bed with people who want to be under the bed? Ironically, it is also tasteless and totally free. The relationship of the characters on the bed doesn't exist. Clearly, Tsai didn't feel like communicating with the audience about these people, except for the clear truth that they liked "bang". People under that bed were only one dimension and not interesting. He likes to drink makeup with melons and draw lines by himself. This is the idea of ​​Tsai in the story. "Character development" "Actress" is truly misunderstood. <br /> <br /> The real involvement of Tsai in Vive L'Amour is probably the most brutal scene in the history of home cinema art. He showed that the first leading actor walked all the way from one end of the park to another 285 seconds, only to show her crying like crazy? For whatever reason? Another 356 seconds consecutively The film ends abruptly, with no points, no entertainment. The intense and pure torture caused damage to the audience. <br /> <br /> In an attempt to beat the dead horse The theme of loneliness is so wrong that the only real feeling of this movie is boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa gives a much better expression of loneliness in his horror movie. Kairo and guess what? It's really interesting! This film moves slowly like molasses in January. But there is a better way to deal with the concept of loneliness than the waste, called Vive L'Amour Kairo. A perfect example. <br /> <br /> Movie fans may appreciate Chai Ming Liang. Who directed this film because he gave undeniable evidence that art cinema could create poor quality as Horror-themed movies created for television, home art snobs, now officially lose the podium of self-righteousness. The quality level of your precious category now overlays movies such as Army of Darkness and ?? Gasp! ?? Showgirls, how do you like them?
