I am a major film director at Wright State University in Ohio, and yesterday I was given a sad opportunity to watch a horrible movie in this class. We received notifications from our teachers that it would be very funny for us. But the reason we watched it is because it was one of the first films of sound - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> Early sound problems The movie is a Hollywood actor who knows how to make a silent movie and they are not good at memorizing the script. Therefore, producers and directors will look at the stage to receive actors. Sounds like a good idea, right? The type of stage performance is not too good to show on the movie screen. Most actors in "Atlantic" have a look and sound like they are performing in a drama that results in a lot of laughter. Another limitation of the first film is the technology of the microphone. You can't move the mic as you can today. You have to make it steady or get the sound of the air flowing through. There is usually one mic used in any scene in this movie. In one scene, a man sitting at the table Someone came to him and sent a row, then walked away. Another actor came up from behind. He sent a row and walked away. It was like this for a few more people. Clearly, the microphone is correct by the people on the table making it a ridiculous carousel. <br /> <br /> That's a technical problem. If you go into the story and direction, then it will be even worse. The story is a story about what happened to the Titanic. The characters are unbelievable and pointless. "Stories" about men who cheat on their wives and their teenage daughters do not have a place in the movie. Has been fixed almost without rest and makes you wonder why it was there from the beginning The actors took a long time and paused between lines several times. It's boring and you can't wait for this 90 minutes (feeling like at least 180 stories) to overcome. I'm not talking about racism at this time in our country. But it really makes me angry that there are only two black people in this movie and they act as animals. They both pushed women and children to try to pass through the lifeboat. They were ordered to stop or be shot and of course they were not shot. I was shocked. <br /> <br /> I gave this movie for 2/10. I would give 1/10 (the lowest score). But I gave a special point just because it was one of the first movies and I tried to put it into context. If you want to watch a good sound movie, try Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail", which came out in 1929. You will find that the best director can immediately adapt to the new technology.
