This is a dumb movie. Maybe my judgment may not be serious if the film doesn't promise much. But I just felt that this movie was cheating and playing with me as a fool in every round. <br /> <br /> I don't have beef and acting. But I think the characters are scary The movie begins with the character of Clive Owen, who tells us that he is an avid criminal and how he plans to rob a perfect bank, something he always reminds us later. Oh yes, he also told us that he was in the cell, even if it became a stupid metaphor. Any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is that there is a minimum amount that may be wrong and you Disappeared long before the police appeared But Clive Owen's style had to hang around the bank for hours - without reason, except having to walk around and look as scary as I could tell. In addition, he had to control the hostages, negotiate with the police, and the most amazing thing was to work this house in the bank's storage room and hide there for a week. (I hope he will bring enough food) and sneak out again. Yes, of course. It seems like a perfect crime for me. Clive! This plan has many moving parts, the only reason that it is not separate is that the screenwriter said that <br /> <br /> There are many unexplained details: why the police believe That thief Conspiracy among hostages? Who is Jodie Foster's character and why is she so important that she has a mayor in the call and she doesn't have to tell Denzel Washington on her agenda because How stupid are these police that they can't think of a man speaking a foreign language for hours, not the voice of a criminal gang who planned to rob? How did the robbers escape and why Clive Owen was stuck for a week? How do they know about the past of the bank president and the amount and content of the safe? Why is Hell Clive Owen letting Jodi Foster or the police? Since when do they make AK-47 toys that look more realistic? What do you do with a pizza box? How did Clive Owen escape from the bank's safe area during working hours? The crime that occurred during this period was bound to this police enough that Denzel would send him a diamond. <br /> <br /> Never answer these questions. There are movies that make you intrigued by letting you wonder about events that occur outside the screen. But I never felt that way. About Inside Man felt like the scenes that described these things were cut from the movie or these questions had never been answered at first and it was weak. That is particularly annoying is the character of Jodie Foster who doesn't reveal what she's doing. But doesn't seem to remind us how important she is We should use her words with it. I guess <br /> <br /> The only reason for this movie to be two stars is that I laugh at. "Taxi Taxi" of Denzel and pina colada "and the video game that is outrageous of children In addition, this movie has no qualification for redemption.
