I have seen most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and have concluded that he has a special ability to act. The scene is moving and fast, which often combines elements of martial arts, fighting guns and samurai, fighting with camera work that effectively captures the killing on the screen with "Versus" and "Aragami". Kitamura demonstrates Think creatively and show that he has the ability to work with a low budget What happened in "Alive"? If you want to reveal more, the answer is - nothing. Nothing happens in "Alive". It lasts for two hours, including movies that do not have action and characters, and the plot is not so low. <br /> <br / > Adapted from the comic book by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is the examination of The life of one of Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki), a death row prisoner who survived his execution Then he was chosen to repeat the execution or to himself in a strange experiment. He chose after, and soon after, was placed in a room with a rapist and later with a woman infected with a strange parasite in exchange for the humanity of the host that gave supernatural powers. At one point, the parasite moved into Yashiro. The worst thing was that it didn't happen soon. <br /> <br /> Like "Aragami", "Alive" makes the first half of the basic exhibition. With the introduction of characters, their motives were set, and the relationship between them was revealed Everything even happens in one set. The first major issue of that comparison is that while "Aragami" is a 70 minute movie, "Alive" takes more than two hours, which makes the first part longer than an hour. That length may be reasonable. The character is slightly more interesting. But it is not the case Dry dialogue, boring, delivered without any feelings or depth. The character itself is not very interesting. There is little effort to make "living" a little more ambiguous. But in the end it ended up in the classics: people in the evil government against the protagonist with high power, which you can guess. As I have said, this movie actually happened in a single set, and after two hours of boring, even worse, the design of the scene was no less interesting in the beginning and not Has improved a lot of movies. <br /> <br /> Now, after the first part has ended, everyone thinks that Kitamura should at least create an action scene to entertain. Start boring Sadly, that's not the case. These two battles turned out to be a similar battle from Hollywood movies, with bullet effects and psychic powers. They are not interesting or fun. The creativity of Kitamura from "Versus" disappeared. Small scenes limit the performance of the camera that is very impressive, and it makes shameful and general combat. <br /> <br >> Obviously "Aragami" is better in every account and "Kitamura" has learned something from "Alive" so it is not a total loss of watching this movie. If only to understand the errors that occurred, how to edit and make movies that provide better entertainment
