For me, it seems that Stephen King's "Bachman" name is one of the ways in which he can pick up something more lively, frightening and mean that he wants to write without causing his brand to be contaminated. If you look back at the "Running Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thinner", you will notice that they have no sense of air and despair in them, which is different from the King. important I know that we are talking about people who have the first novel, a teenage girl with a low blood, full of blood, disability, killing everyone at her high school ... but the important king has characters and Planning elements that cause horror of The little and most action has a ending that offers at least a glimpse of the hopes and feelings of the human. The Bachman book is just an average and the ending is not always good (BTW, "Pet Seminary" may be a Bachman book easily King did not reveal the alias at that time and "The Dark Half" seems at least partially about his "Bachman" person.) <br /> <br> "Thinner" is the last book of Bachman and Humans with themes The class war, revenge and death by starvation, it's nasty. Therefore, it is not surprising that the movie follows the suit. <br /> <br /> The surprising thing is that the adaptation seems to be filmed at the level. "Weekly TV movie" of talent instead of what is worthy of the opening character. (Today, something like this may go straight to a DVD or cable). Make-up and standards stand out. (Starvation until death amidst abundance, a parable for middle class people who have too much food and lack of raising middle class Americans if one time) is what makes you see this mistake. <br /> < br /> What happened? My first thought was that the director was doing a disgusting Bachman vibe. But he absorbed the attention from the film with poor selection options. The actors here (except Joe Monetegna) couldn't carry a movie. He then squeezed the warmth and life out of the rest of the movie with the exception of Rhythm and awkward scene structure In addition, he could not leave the plot alone and his changes did not help. Scripts and conversations should work. But most of this movie will be there Everything is in the throat, blunt, no air, and doesn't look fun ... with the obvious exception of the phenomenon of the main characters that get ... Thinner and thinner and thinner <br /> <br /> As others point out that "thinner" does not mean the worst movie King ever created. And it has an awesome charm and attractiveness due to the theme and careful makeup But the first audience should approach this thing with reduced expectations
