No, I didn't read Stephen King's novel "Thinner", but I choked the movie version. Horror movies are tastes that have been acquired. Normal movies allow viewers to watch applause when they try to achieve their goals. In horror movies, the audience is invited to taste the death of the character. In the film Tom Holland, the director who is low-fat but without tastes, "thinner", no one wins and everyone deserves the bite to put on. Billy Halleck, a New England lawyer (Robert John Burke from "Robocop 3") has weight problems. Although he weighed up to 300 pounds in the bathroom, but he was happily married to a lovely wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney of "GI Jane") and a teenage yeast daughter. <br /> <br /> Fat does not mean that Stupid here, Halleck shows ingenuity in the court when he wins the verdict of a lazy mafia boss Richie Ginelli (Joe Mantegna from "House of Games") when driving home from a celebration. Victory, Billy finds a gypsy old woman D which is across the street and killed her. The concealment occurred and Halleck's friends took him out of the soup. The disgruntled Gypsy father Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine of "Skidoo") responded by cursing a lawyer who had both bodies and city officials who disputed him. Suddenly Halle found himself losing pounds, no matter how much he chowps. When he begged the gypsy to vindicate the curse, the old man refused Desperate to go to Hallek Resort to Richie While Halleck fought with the gypsies to remove the hex, he knew that his faithful wife had changed his interest to become a hot shock doctor of the city. <br /> <br / > "Thinner" has not only features Still needing a pattern of men and women. Tom Holland, director of "Child's Play" (1988) and Michael McDowell, the playwright, has made such a slip on which you can't enjoy watching Billy get sweets and wither. "Tin Conor "has less impact and less surprise The filmmakers may regurgitate the King's novels. But they were not what happened with horror and humor. Holland and McDowell introduced characters such as Mafioso and then mysteriously released them. A small character appeared long enough to die and had the head of a chicken stuffed into his mouth. <br /> <br /> This character's behavior may cause the audience to be offended as well. "Shows that women are wolves and men who are in charge of pigs When Halleck sneaks back from the clinic, he finds the doctor's sports car parked at his home. His suspicions ripen, jealousy and he cooks a plan to curse that moved to this wife. Even the premature ending still lacks a taste. Greg Cannom, the creator of special effects, received the Oscar award from "Van Helsing" and Bob Laden, the make-up artist who made the actor Robert John. Nbergberg works as a great actor. They also succeeded in making him wilt. <br /> <br /> Only the die-hard Stephen King fan will be able to stomach this stomach.
