I really don't know how to start with one of the worst movies that I have been dissatisfied with for a very long time. From the setting, which is quite clear and clear for everyone who has visited London for 1 day, will agree ... not London until the way that cannot explain how the character of Snipe can escape the country. Without any problems, he then convinced the girl and grandmother to visit him in America. How did Grandma fall on the earth ... He was an assassin! That is the end of this movie. But unfortunately, it's not better than this anymore. We have British police driving a variety of cars. I'm sure it's a Vauxhall Belmont that drives a taxi after being assigned, but the new Subaru Imprezza takes a few prison vans earlier. SO19 or anyone's Met's gun arm. He tried to portray the road running happily with their guns, chasing after sniper along with the CIA. There are kids walking around, but the police still state that they shot clearly to shoot him. Did this happen in London? No i am there In addition, we have an unbelievable journey from the center of London to the airport (assuming Heathrow because of an argument) within 5 minutes of receiving the phone call. We also have an awesome American accent, a girl who is more happy than the queen. But living in the Elephant & Castle, what words for the British police when the helicopter and a number of officers in the location of Snipp could not find the snip and he tried to evade capture by hiding behind the stairs Obviously, the train station is not in the soil of the UK and the fight scenes are terrible. The plot is very bad, boring and written and filmed thousands of times before. But there are a few outstanding actors in the film. What are they thinking about and please don't let it cause you to watch this movie! This film does not seem to know what it wants to be. If you concentrate on the amazing aspects of the results assigned, then you must have a strong plot with scenes and settings that credible To enter and appreciate and if you make a mistake then you notice it If you want all action movies (Which is not like that) continuity and scenes can be taken to the side
