And finally the old man, Michael Corleone, fell over and went to 'THUMP!' Who wrote this script for the last installment of the fairy tale Godfather may be the same employee who made "As the World Turns". "The Godfather" came to call this "The Cosas of Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who met a lot of mafia people in my business life, I could say without exception that I never Found a gangster with conflict And ponder as Michael Corleone. See you. These guys are in the mafia just because they are greedy. Nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spends his time reflecting on his past actions and his tragic future, perhaps even after his death, then quickly revived remarkably to draw a great business deal. order He is the one who gives time. Then there was his failed marriage. After the scene broke down on G2, we might hope that Michael & Kay will gather together as men and women. But here they seem to have become good friends, peacefully, calm friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. As if the script writer tried to make Michael become a woman It is a strange behavior for two people who share love in a marriage bed for 9 years. There is a mockery here and there or maybe they are the sins of authorship. Poor, Sophia Coppola, a beautiful and ancient country, has a hopeless role, with many short summaries in movies that are not suitable for what women talk in general conversations - receiving "words" instead. Is a "talking" emotion, a scene full of love with Andy Garcia, seems to be a joke from a teenager as they chew kisses that open their mouths and fondle each other in the kitchen. The pool, like a puppet ... Michael Douglas, but it is ridiculous here. Then Andy's character is Vinnie Mancini, who gets a difficult and unappreciated role to play. He expected that I would be a new Don Corleone, but he almost sent a job for a silver disc and had to do a little to strengthen his position. The process of doing this could be a way to transfer the true power in the mafia family. But why is doing this so boring? Of course, Don Vincent may be respected by his fellow thugs someday. But there is a slight revelation of the characters in the script so that we can see the image of this sad man. Puzo works very well by developing Michael's character quickly and concisely on the G1, but G3 doesn't have the economy to tell the story and we suffer through Pull out the expositories until we just want to take a nap. Thirdly, George Hamilton also sent a work that was not worth seeing in becoming a family lawyer after Robt Duvall reported that Tom Hagen's 3rd installment was down. George showed his role wisely. So it came out without causing damage to the actors Connie Corleone's character development is an interesting story. But it goes far beyond her handling of the murder in her own hands (She may sleep with Fredos if this is the real world), but it's not all bad. The assassination scene in the hotel penthouse is very good! In addition, "They also pull me back" or words that have such a great impact. And we recovered the old feelings of the country when we returned to Sicily, although it was finished in 1989 and they had modern cars and hairstyles The plot line associated with the corrupt hierarchy of the Catholic Church is quite interesting because it follows the actual financial plan at Banco Vaticani in 1980, but it brings too far again with the scene. Exciting death, etc. The opera scene is breathtaking and can shoot very well. But the scene of Mary's death to the end is the unbalanced effort of controlling the best emotions. Every screenwriter must learn that we do not need more and more death to bring the mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for Kay that her daughter is dead. She shows her grief well. But Michael's reaction was to humming, humming, humming. Then Michael died, sometimes in the 21st century, in Sicily alone, in the great land of heart failure ... without a grandson. Will play with before he dies, no wife to make him regret What should happen in the second half of this film is Michael, who was followed by people like Rudy Guilliani, experimenting with the dirty and dirty small businesses of his family that were brought into the light that day. Rules and sent to the central prison for life ... then he can die from heart failure while mopping the floor in LEAVENWORTH. That is how the mafia Don ended his career in the late 80s and early 90s and They get better treatment than what they deserve.
