Near the beginning of "The Godfather: Part III", Michael Corleone's son wants to leave law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone doesn't want this. But his ex-wife, Kay, tries to convince him to let Anthony Corleoneid follow the music he wants. So he made <br /> <br /> It seems like a strange way to start the investigation because it is a sub-plot and nothing is related to the main action. Just bear with me here You will see that I will eventually go with this. Now I will tell you about the main issue about Michael Corleone who wants to quit crime for good. (He left all criminal elements in his family business) but then Vincent Manchini, a illegitimate nephew, took part in the feud. Of course, Michael had to endure another brush with a criminal and gun violence and everything that a good gangster had. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-sexual relationship with Michael's daughter Oh and Michael and Kay try to improve all the horrible things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> <br /> It's Like soap operas A terrifying one-minute soap opera, 169 minutes. Gone is a complex, romantic and emotional relationship that makes the first two movies hit hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola cried out loudly and completely lonely with the first two films, which proved to be the last great event of He is "Apocalypse Now" in the 70s. >> The worse thing is "The Godfather: Part III". Not even a logical track of "The Godfather: Part II". Michael is a completely different person. He didn't go to seed. (Which may be legal, although it is not fun to watch), he became a good person - a good person who tried to solve all the tragedies that made the second part a devastating masterpiece His confession to the priest was quite bad. But a small diabetes attack in the middle makes it annoying. He has also returned with Kay! For the sake of heaven, there is no way that can happen for sure, since the second movie makes it abundantly clear! She canceled his son and raised Sicily, causing him to despise her. Francis Ford Coppola didn't think of these things, right? <br /> <br /> And don't let me start with Mary and Vincent! For the forbidden love, it didn't work shockingly. Sophia Coppola's performance didn't help. She moved the smartest of her life when she changed from the front of the camera to the back because she might be the worst actor I have ever seen in the best movie. All the chapters that she delivered were painfully remembered, and every time this drama was put on her acting ability, what she showed was an improper giggle in my climactic scene. Will not detail But you know what scene I'm talking about when / if you look - you look at Michael and say "...... Father? "I think I intend to cry. But the line was not sounding well, I burst out loud laughter. <br /> <br /> Now we reach the pinnacle. Now you know why I spent the time. Began to review with an explanation of Anthony Corleone's musical ambitions. After a 140 minute little drama and unrelated stuff, Anthony Corleone returned ... with an opera! So Michael, Kay, Mary and Vincent went to see it and for about 10-15 minutes, there was a pair of killers walking around to try to kill Michael about this climax sequence. I had to say something: It's really good! But not because of murderers - they are quite boring I really like opera It has great music and has a really wonderful scene, and from the little things that show us, it seems that the story reflects the origins of the Corleone family. I would bet that it was a swollen opera and I bet that Michael Corleone was glad that he let his son change from law school to music. <br /> <br /> My greatest wish is: Fran. SISFORCOPOLA has only Filmed Anthony Corleone's drama for 169 minutes and left the rest of the wet melodrama Better yet, I hope he doesn't do "Godfather: Part III". Episode II gives us the perfect ending. This rotation is neglected and unnecessary. <br /> <br /> PS This is not a reaction to the movie's intestines. I watched 3 movies of Godfather one month ago. (Although I first watched) Not only meant that my expectations for episode 3 would not get drunk (in fact, I set the bar quite low after I heard) but it meant that I had a good time at Will miss all three movies while I feel a little disappointed with Part II. At first, the more I miss it, but with III, it is bad to start from that, even worse, I think Even more The sad thing is that many people will stop with my part. But if they watch the second part as well, most of them will go to the third part. If you wish to watch the parts I & II and pretend to be like Part III
