When Samantha Eggar (Phyllis Dietrickson) answers her doorstep, swimming in the towel, you know that as an actress with a skill like Eggar may be, she doesn't have the charm of hypnotizing Barbara Stanwick. And it is not all the fault of Eggar in the original film, Wilder. But appeared in the towel But she entered the scene on the second floor balcony of the house and she didn't "come out"; She appeared like magic. Walter Neff was staring at her from the bottom on the first floor. There is a reason for this. Stanwyck is much higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when it was first released. It's not just a towel. Towels help add seductive charm Her posture is like a Greek goddess who sees her territory and in a strange way. She has sex power, even magic. This person is not an ordinary housewife. This person is a mystery with hidden secrets. <br /> <br /> Back in 1973, the remake of Crenna knocked Stanwyck's insistent eggar door, answering the door with no towel around her. "Appearance "She just opened the door. The attractiveness that attracted the audience in the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 disappeared completely. In 1973, she opened the door with a towel around her. It may look sexy in Charlie's Angels, but it's not too mysterious. The filmmakers of the remake seem to misunderstand the point of Wilder. The script may say that "Phyllis appears in the towel", so the remake's filmmakers just follow the instructions and put in the desired towel. The issue is not a towel. The point is the mysterious quality of Phyllis and the power she uses. Wilder gave her a towel to add to her mystery. The creator of the remake gave her a towel because that was what Wilder did and in choosing to shoot all the mystery of Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Richard Crenna also looks like a miscast. And not in the midst of a dilemma Part of the problem is that Crenna appeared like an actor in the 70s. He couldn't get into the 1940s. When MacMurray spoke to the microphone for the first time, the sweat began to decline from his face. No sweat at Crenna and they changed one of the important lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff said "I didn't get the money and I didn't get women." In the 1973 version, Crenna said, "I didn't get the money and I didn't want that girl." Does the filmmaker misunderstand all the issues? Or that they were downgraded for viewers. "Television" <br /> <br /> The movies created for this TV are repeated by numbers. All sharp of the original is gone. The only striking thing is Lee Jaebb, in a role created by Edward G. Robinson. But he could not record the loss of the original violence The boring remake of 1973 is a television movie created by the same person who had done. "Gilligan Island". They may try to create a new "Citizen Kane" or "Gone with the Wind". If an ordinary person is the best person who can hope for what is the point? 1944 classic is a movie with a capital "F" remake that is made for this TV. It should receive an "F" grade or maybe a "D" for stupid.
