Murder and insurance fraud makes couples who commit adultery to "The end of the line" ... <br /> <br /> The TV looks rude. Back in the early 1970s, and what was cut for TV made me hurt. It couldn't be compared to 1944 Billy Wilder Film. Classic noir, as everyone in the right mind should know - can't see - but that doesn't mean that this update should be seen as a separate entity. Although based on the original Paramount screenplay, it has been cut over half an hour and the director's indifference makes the rest of the story difficult to forget. With rare exceptions, new generations are not interested in watching black and white movies on TV dating back in 1973 (still true today, alas), so this interesting and interesting story is a new story for the audience. big Then it is now the scoring rules and cashing in as a raison d'etre Gus Van Zandt reeling Alfred Hitchcock's PSYCHO for similar reasons and if changing these positions leads to search. Original movies or novels are much better. I like the James M. Cain novel that came enough to be able to tune back and I enjoy the capsule. This time, the second time for long hair, halter shirts, turban, ugly decorations and Auburn locks. Lush greenery of Who doesn't try too much In addition to recognizing some of the actors from childhood who use the stupid face, Lee J. Cobb was able to give my attention as the weary and weary key key of the world, but Walter Crenna is cute and not. Walter Neff's credibility only reminds me of Bill Bixby. On a bad day, the improvement of the original is, of course, never intended to rush to make money. But instead of having an irrepressible cast, the new adaptation of the novel will be a new concept Adam and Eve's books are different from the horrible celluloid and shark fins at night. The moonlight is the killer. The conspirators in me would like to thank the accelerated "Me Decade" update as part of the double DVD compensation. But the experience doesn't just make me have to see the original But made me miss the better episode of COLUMBO Soap opera. I also went back to the 1973 ABC TV movie that I had never seen since the first broadcast: John D. Macdonald's LINDA, starring Stella Stevens as beautiful as a noble girl who killed her lover (sexy John Saxon) The wife then frames her gentle manners for crime and if I remember correctly, it still has an open ending. As with double compensation, it is unnecessarily remade to the television movie queen Virginia Madsen as a fox and Richard Thomas as husband of milquetoast.
