Remix 1973 from Billy Wilder's 1944 classic film "Double Indemnity" is an example in the textbook of how to break the wonderful script. This B-grade TV feed also shows the folly of remakes in general, while Hollywood disappears after the greedy executive makes black and white movies change color and searches for denials in the wide-screen movies shown. In the Pan-Scan-Scanning version, the industry ignored the hacking confirmation of the classic movie shooting with a humble remake. <br /> <br /> The first step in creating a messy classic version is to solve. Solve the Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler job script Was cut for half an hour to complete the movie at the specified time, with space for ads Then update the production with politeness, color photography, high-level geniuses and actors familiar with the TV, so the latest "Double Indemnity" reduces the film-black and white film filming that enhances mood and Original style It was a dusty, shadowy scene that described the needs of the protagonists to escape their situation without cost. Gone is a close relationship between Keyes and Neff and the attraction. Sex between Neff and Phyllis. <br /> <br /> Jack Smight's appearance on "Double Indemnity" is more "royal" than noir movies. Phyllis Dietrick has a dead designer house, and Neff's comfortable cushion is hard to pay to the insurance salesman of the salary, not to mention the convertible Mercedes sports car. Both characters do not have any clear motivation to kill for only $ 200,000. If not money, maybe murder because of love or desire? Not in this version, Richard Crenna showed little interest in Samantha Eggar and their kisses were lively, as if between brothers and sisters Crenna failed to capture Neff's cynicism and efforts. He's in a pair of sexually suggestive and diminished horror. Eggar is a little better and lacks the feeling and depth to introduce the inner workings of a devious and twisted mind. Only Lee J. Cobb managed the credible performance as Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three executives worked very well. <br /> <br /> There is no possible reason to Create this distressing remake except to fill the time in the broadcast schedule. There is no possible reason to revive this dud on a DVD and then pack it with the original film, except with a double disc. The only lesson that can be learned from this misconception is that even the great screenplay and excellent dialogue can be destroyed by poor casting. The direction is not clear. "Double compensation" in 1973 should be named "10% indemnity" because watching will reinforce the 100% perfection of the original movie.
