Ginger Rogers is very young, quickly trading, and one liners with rival newspaper reporter Lyle Talbot in the 1933 mystery murder of the Poverty Row filmmaker. The film opens with a wealthy businessman heading to the roof garden of Apartments, high-rise buildings or from Rogers lover's apartment have two identities. At the beginning of the film is Mrs. Terry, the secretary of the warrior. With the victim, along with her Pat Pat newspaper, talking her phone with Ted Rand (Talbot) without intention. Instead of writing the desk, she was fired because of an effort when her boss knew he was scooped out. > <br /> This is a mystery Russell's investigation (Purnell Pratt) about the death of Harker that Terry / Morgan was hired as his secretary for three weeks. Why is that After the fact, it is reasonable that she will be there to read the newspaper. But earlier? The clues were left about the Harker Association and the gangster known to live comfortably in the same apartment building. But again, the association is not relevant until it is linked to Peterson janitor. (Harvey Clark) All and who made all the calling cards with a snake that affects HSSS with the words "You will hear" cut and lay underneath? Clearly, the sound of the snake emits a sound caused by the apartment's radiator system, which Peterson used to send toxic gases into the rooms of potential victims, such as Coby in the apartment below. Harker But in answering the question of Russell's inspector about the death of Mrs. Coby, he replied "obviously" the cause of the contraction. <br /> <br /> It's a rather controversial issue that makes this film. Not pleasant for me The revelation of Peterson janitor as the bad guy of this work came under a rather frightening situation when we saw him collecting the unconscious body of Mika Morgan in the building's incinerator! However, and scored another point on the continuation, we saw Mika Morgan in a large basement when Peterson ignited the furnace; She makes her escape, however, and remains as beautiful as the picture. And who will make the cover off the screen if no one other than Wilfred's police assistant (Arthur Hoyt), who is in the scene opening his feet into the room. <br /> <br /> Sorry for everyone. The investigator found that "A Shriek in the Night" was a satisfactory detective. I felt that Charlie Chan's movies in the same era were true. "The Usual Suspects" by comparison If you need a reason to watch this movie, it would be Ginger Rogers.
