Just saw the screening tonight What can I say? It still lives up to a normal trailer, although it doesn't say anything. It didn't do anything that the movie did before it was done, and it played out in an old-fashioned way until I finally came to the point where I stopped laughing just because I was laughing with the audience. <br /> <br /> So let's see ... We have less exciting main characters who try to go back to his former girlfriend. But he is not good enough for her We have three friends who all have their own "personality", where one is the best friend trying to get to the best friend of the main female character. But was constantly rejected, another friend who was the most awkward Looking optimistic, 24/7, and being thrown into one fleet (In which case this is just a reference to many movies, especially from Disney) and the third person with the name you can't remember Square and throw a consolation message to anyone who will listen ... check. We have an ex-girl and her parents **** - Block the relationship in every way when looking at things. Not to mention the awkward family members from the side of the main character ... Check. We have a one hour slowdown in movies that everyone is depressed. Check. We have the "funny" moments of movies coming from swearing, incessantly, people falling down or being hit by scenes from trailers and the involvement of homosexuality ... check and I dare call it spoilers. But we have an end that unfolds as we thought it would unfold before seeing the movie ... Check out <br /> <br /> Honestly there may be ... No waiting ... Probably a PG-movie. 13 things that have to be reduced are F bombs. Honestly, it will get more publicity from the crowd who enjoy this kind of humor to get less media and therefore will not get much hatred from people like myself at Should try to rise to the present R rated comedies such as Superbad and Knocked Up. The humor in this movie is so awkward that it's not suitable for what people look for. I bet that actors are often unsure of the dialogue and action that they have to send through the camera. Try this ... In the movie theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and people. Others laughed when this movie was released at the show and you were checking out at 2:00 pm. On holidays, you might tend to change channels. The only thing that will make you watch is the heat of Alice Eve. (Which is not 10, but still looks very good) <br /> <br /> In addition to the main resolution, the film also received many subplots. The side of the curb and seem to forget to write more stories that they try to develop at the start of the movie, where everything else is pretty out the window. So there is a main resolution. But what comes from it It was never really clear and didn't allow the ending to be "feeling good" in a sudden. <br /> <br /> There is only one thing that doesn't have any value in this movie and that is a good soundtrack. In addition to the good selection of 90 alternative rock songs, there is also a good seat-up score to play in some parts of the movie. (More than that is the beginning) that reminds me of something that David Holmes mixes / remixes. I will give them props to choose a good sound. <br /> <br /> One last thing. That this movie might be filmed late last summer due to accidental Pepsi supporters But proudly showed the yellow bottle cap they had During the promotion of the rock band I think many rock band gamers will catch it if you see it. But I say that holding your money if this is PG-13 and you are 15 years old on Friday night with a group of friends, otherwise, of course. It doesn't try and compete with movies that have R ratings. In the past few years and in the ideal, it's not that good.
