No, I didn't go with it here. I refuse to go along with the program. Shouldn't you or perhaps this movie may be too popular? See the opinions of readers and their star ratings: most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an example when ratings may say more about people that are rendered. They are more than the movie itself, which is unique. The way many other sexual fantasies about wild animals that are perfect with horse joints have become popular as DVD catalogs. I watched this movie with a far-reaching expectation, expecting to have fireworks and someone appeared in Gucci's shopping bag instead. It looked good, but when the excitement was used even at the end. <br /> <br /> The story behind the film says it all: the movie director, about 25 minutes from the border, who is not easily fake, fake. Having sex for other movies will be told that the image will not be suitable separately. Wait two or three years for great acclaim to create acclaim. Then create all the features in the 25-minute period. Filming for about 70 minutes without involving The video is boring, blood-thirsty, and wearing a lump of 25 minutes in the sequence of dreams. That the movie with 25 minutes of problems is strange, strange, original, and shocking with prudence and calculation without saying anything But we didn't come here to evaluate that 25 minutes alone. We have to consider all the movies and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about this movie? Or are they just attracted to the story behind and the history of being banned from stupid people enough to be offended? <br /> <br /> Maybe it's an anti-religious agenda that attracts them. Western religious hatred of Catholicism and Christianity is one of the few remaining fortifications in an acceptable society of intolerance - just today. It is revealed that the BBC regularly broadcasts their broadcasts with Anti-Christian and anti-Western sentiment You can say anything you want about the scriptures, obscene priests, the cruelty of churches and whites and their inhumane religions. How much suck the movie with a dent ... But if speaking Negative about non-Western religions And you are toast This film has been reassured to the point that there is a wrinkled priest on the face that has an entirely bad relationship with the 14-year-old French boy, complete with a touch. Not suitable to wiggle his eyes, greet him with a glimpse of his hand. Can be used as visual aids for animal biology. Yes, I understand the relevance in the mind of the image - the large animal phallus with reproductive fluids is looking forward to release like a fire extinguisher - but if I want to see the horse, you know, I want to continue to live. Farm. Having their penis in my face is fun, like watching someone use the bathroom. <br /> <br /> This movie is just a diversion of art to socialize. A. Not? Even though I give permission to perform art with it But filmed in the Euro Art detail that, despite having a dirty forest pond from the Monet image with an arch bridge that stretches and ends (which I am also surprised), wrapped it all in order. mind But you have to remember that there are some things that cannot be separated for their design elements, and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their work in order to obtain a gravity that is not can be done That wasn't fair, and even Clint Eastwood became the victim of his new movie about Iwo Jima. Whether his films are good or not, which is separate from considering whether the fight is a noble cause that is fought by heroes or not. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate from the two sides of the movie and will line up for the Oscars because it is a noble message - not because it's a good movie or original. <br /> <br / > Although it seems to be parallel But I saw it with the beast: not everyone will see the basic beauty of nature in the eyes of two mating horses. And who will not see the enduring sexual climax of the fairy tale in the film's explosion scene where beauty and the beast do the most nasty things? Anyway, I missed both points, and I was glad that I had watched this movie so that I could discard what it really was: 25 minutes or so when I opened the eyes over the adult fairy tale surrounded by skulls. 70 minutes, frighteningly disgusting, art, trash, euro, about some men who received a fantastic haircut and ending It's certainly art, but it's very difficult. <br /> <br /> 3/10
