Sadly, the movie that we were watching was burned in a fire at Universal Studios last week, so we stuck with the video. That may be a metaphor for King Kong's second film, this rating from the strongest director Ishiro Honda in Toho's studio. Basically it was warm for "King Kong and Godzilla". It used Mecha-Kong's ideas like Mecha- Godzilla Of course, the focus of the film is the fight against King Kong Mekong Kong at the top of the Expo Tower in Tokyo. But if you never knew before, maybe you were in the age group that this movie intended. <br /> <br /> The actor is led by a man named Rhodes. The reason we have never heard ... See the list of He saw that most of the American credit TV credits were scattered, so it's interesting that they dragged him to Japan. So that they can have American heroes The true hero of the film is the sensitive Japanese commander, played by Akira Takarada, which I remember from the version "Hiushhi Inagaki" Chushingura "(47 Ronin) and from Honda's original Godzilla movie. I apologize to Rhodes why you are But this guy has more screens and you can bet that everyone wants him to end up with a cute little blonde played by Linda Miller. We laughed at the way that the reason was often to find a way to intervene between Miller and Takarada, which seems like she likes. Of course, every woman of Hong Kong is the leader of her main relationship with the king himself. She discovered a good trick: if you really speak to a giant monkey ..... really .... slowly ..... He will understand what you say. And if you are a blonde girl, that means he will do everything you tell him to do The truth has not disappeared with Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - represent "A country that doesn't have a name" - Who plans to use her as a bait to lure Kong to dig mines trapped in the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Yes, this is the plot of the whole movie - obviously. There are only giant monkeys that can dig these minerals, which can be used to create powerful weapons. But the circuit came in, so they decided to go to the real world Gong seems to have fallen in love with Mecha-Kong, which is a story that may make this film more interesting. <br /> <br /> At the end of this movie, a cute blonde girl shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" with her gentle voice many times when Two heroes told her to let him go. At the end, they were talking to us all. Essentially, this movie collapses with what is possible in the character of Kong by making him a brave and friendly person too early as in the latest version of the story. Gong is just a man in a suit in this movie and they show him so much to the point that stupid faces become impossible to be serious. It's a good-looking movie. I'm sure it responds to the needs or desires of fans of this thing, which is a wrestling movie rather than a monster movie in many ways. Monsters never feared in these movies, they just jumped around and pushed together a lot. It's not a worthless movie. But it is predictable and is formulated specifically for anyone under 10 years or more. It may be just funny entertainment.
