This is an interesting left turn for the Reel 13 Indies. TWO HARBORS is a 75-minute B&W movie from Minnesota that offers non-actors and two people searching for connections through searching for alien life. I appreciate the courage of the Reel 13 programmers who think outside the box when choosing this movie. I just hope that they will choose a strong movie to be brave as well. As a matter of fact, I wonder if the options are related to the film's uniqueness rather than the actual quality of the movie (not that TWO HARBORS is complete without merit. But I'll go back to see later)) <br /> <br /> Same as the independent movie TWO HARBORS has a limited location with only two real locations? Large garbage dealer market and a small sample, which is the home of Vic's middle-aged main character, played by Alex Cole, James Vculek, author / director, using market settings to showcase exhibitions about Vic, which is One of the dealers there He has a variety of people who walk up to the wick and start a conversation for a long time, which gives us only two pieces of information? Vic sells space toys (He likes to call them "Outer Space Action") and he is a person who likes to erode ideas This is a symbol of one of the two major problems of TWO HARBORS - all conversations. I've said it before and I'll say it again? We are dealing with visual media and filmmakers have to work harder to tell their stories with eyes. With absolute exceptions But in general, endless stripes do not participate in movies? Especially if the conversation is used as an explanation All conversations in this film are quite long and unnecessary. A notable example is a few scenes in which Vick tries to play as a scout leader to get discounts from stores. He argued with the staff to come and these scenes did not move even a single plot. This is what makes this movie take 75 minutes. <br /> <br /> The other problems of TWO HARBORS is acting. I may be impatient when talking about acting in movies. But I don't feel like having a good excuse for not having a good actor in your movie. There are many good actors there, many people are willing to work on low budget projects. Even in Minnesota Many filmmakers see the importance of acting as a secondary image. But that was innocent In creating a narrative movie next to the story, there is nothing more important than acting / acting. If you don't believe that people are showing your story, your audience will disappear. <br /> <br /> Originally I thought That Vculek uses non-actors But when this film continues, I decide that they should be a community. Theater type performer Not that they are uncomfortable with the camera It is that they perform the most dramatic (such as big) plays. The best of both actors is the leader ?? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson, while Cassie, a lonely girl who was hunted in Vic's outer world, seems to be the most trained. But they are still quite rough around the edges The indentation that they show seems to be the only surface - not from a natural place inside. In particular, Ms. Johnson is an interesting case. Of course, is she there? The charm of the Midwest about her. But that special ability denies the variety of problems that her character should have She struggles to portray strange habits caused by lonely life and labor (slave?) By using stocked gestures such as eye roll, lip bite and stuttering to introduce her discomfort to the outside world. <Br / > <br /> I mentioned in the first paragraph that TWO HARBORS is incomplete without merit and this is what I mean. Without having to give too much, it will fade away in the white movie of the hour After that, the story changed astonishingly, which made the last fifteen minutes a serious and energetic moment? It is like a sucker to the intestine. But a good way It's almost a big thing to feel something after these characters for a long time. The last five minutes of the movie do not have any dialogue and the result is the best part of the movie ?? Delicate (Cole did the best job in the movie) and the most important was the movie Then, when closing the credit, everyone's most amazing revelation? It depends on the true story which makes me have to think. With all the conversations, small places, and the lack of theater features, I know that with two actors and two writers rewriting in a strong way, TWO HARBORS may actually perform in the stage of Kick-ass. If there are any bold drama producers who read this, I would definitely recommend watching you get a movie and contact the creator of Reel 13 or any one. There may be something for this story after all. <br /> <br /> (For more information about this or other Reel 13 movies, please see their website at www.reel13.org)
