Billy Chung Siu Hung's movie (Assassin from Blood 1993) The movie Love To Kill (Hong Kong, 1993) is one of the strongest products of the Type III boom that lives in Hong Kong theaters in the early nineties. Consisting of strong sex movies, nudity and violence, worth more or less, and only shocking. Love To Kill is definitely a "more" category with memorable ideas and pieces of celluloid illness. > <br /> Psychopathic HK Anthony Anthony Wong (from The Untold Story by Herman Yau, who won the same year) plays the businessman and husband who likes to torture, sell, and rape his young wife (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung, which for some reason did not leave him and save himself and his little son from the disturbing torture of the police (Danny Lee, the actor, leading the famous character from the movie like Dr. Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and co-directed by Lee) and The Hangman (1989) by John Wu, named only a few) and began to protect his wife and son. But Anthony didn't like this thing naturally and brought it to the final scene of the average movie and was alive during a thunderstorm. <br /> <br /> The film is Almost perfect without having to make merit seriously because it is just taking advantage to get money when this type of movie is very popular. The images and events that occurred were never found in Western movies, at least in the mainstream, and everything was even more scary when banned / mostly for Westerners, such as violence and warp seen by children destroyed in movies. So these Often, reading the storyline alone will make most of the audience feel uncomfortable, and it goes perfectly, especially for this movie. <br /> <br /> The film also has a soundtrack. Interesting and creepy Which began quickly in 1992. Music and soundtracks in Hong Kong movies are interesting and imaginative, especially in these horror movies. In addition, the film is also worth mentioning that the shower film, especially in the blue end and camera lens. (As well as Assassin as well) and the storm that was caught in the camera Otherwise, there is nothing to rate this movie more than nonsense. <br /> <br /> A talented and professional actress and actress, so don't make matters worse. Their performances This film also has a sense of humor in HK, which makes people with this disease even "humorous". Some are thrown into the soup. That includes a joke about the creation of Danny Lee and others .. something that has never been found in the "serious" movies of the West as well. And that often destroys the HK movie mane otherwise because humor is a clear way to try and entertain the audience and the masses. The film has a very outrageous level. Wong's wife's abuse in many ways She was raped and attacked, hit and kicked by her husband. We also saw the events of Wong's childhood, which seemed to be as violent as his own father, who killed and changed his young son into what he is now. Most of these retrospective scenes at the end of the film include some totally unexpected experiences when the image is accelerated. (For example, the collision of an ax) and create a raging atmosphere and mean a lively atmosphere Something that the manufacturer of HK's exploitation seems to be able to happen. The ending itself has a lot of sudden and shocking blood, while the madman uses his ax and finds his nails, as in his angry way. <br /> <br /> This movie is really cute, "suspicious". in my opinion Because violence and fear are painfully realistic and involve things that should not be seen as entertainment. Mostly I mean rape. The version I saw (I've seen two versions) consisting of a complete and abominable rape scene that tries to make sadistic stories possible. I'm not sure whether the HK audience will really like the image in this way, but I think no one who has morals in movies / entertainment will not accept or do something like this. Women were severely abused and killed in a sadistic way and the lowest so that the fate of men seemed to be almost tame when compared to women. <br /> <br /> Other versions that I saw on DVD Recently released in Hong Kong. Subtitles) There is a "table cruel" scene in a format that is longer than the Taiwanese DVD that has the same name as the HK version. And because of the credit that is filled with scenes and images that are not actually found in the movie, it is impossible to say "uncut". These versions have been published or shown how to act clearly. Many movies were cut before the drama. <br /> <br /> The film was written by Law Gam Fai and Lau Wing Kin, a former screenwriter such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold, and a gunman ( Kirk Wong, 1988) but From his other films that I have seen, Love to Kill is the most worthless story. Dr. Lamb and the story told both are cruel and violent. But there are attempts to criticize officials and humans in general that it is easy to become a beast when chasing or fighting The torture image of torture stories that are victims of criminals is strong and has a huge impact on changing things that may cause rottenness in society and among police. For example But nothing in love to kill, it is just honest, computation and rapid exploitation, which is a method produced by seasoned director "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime Story (1993)" Wong <br /> <br /> Love to kill, get no more than 2/10 from me because I don't appreciate this movie too much (HK). The movie aims to be and can be more and more. Movies like Love to Kill are just fighting Commercial paper are living in a real work of art.
