"The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film" is not a movie like this But it's a short series of funny, slapstick-themed clips. "This movie makes Richard Lester remember and pave the way for him to direct the first movie of the Beatles: 'A Hard Day's Night." <br /> <br /> Richard Lester directed And wrote songs for his first film in 1959. The film was called The Running, Jumping, & Standing Still Film. It was intended to be watched only by those who helped in the production because this film was intended to be viewed by Les. Stocks and shares His only And the investment time. The sole purpose of this movie is entertainment. But the main reason for being there is the fact that it serves as an experiment to use a 70 pound film camera to create and it was filmed in Sepia. The film stock was tightened on one Sunday. All the pictures that were filmed included in the production were finished. The production had finished eleven minutes. <br /> <br /> The Running, Jumping & Standing Still Film is a movie. Funny about English, Sunday and small hobbies that people do to pass the time. All events in this movie take place on the field. A few of these funny events, including women scrubbing a man's lawn, running around the tree stump with a needle to play a photographic pad, a film developer in the artist's pond, help to draw pictures by numbers on the model's face. A man is building a tent, an athlete running to the tent and fighting between men with a knife and a man with a gun. This film is not only But stimulate fun in the hobbies that people do to make time pass But also stimulating fun in British culture compared to American culture Another incident that occurred in this film includes the men and kites, which were created from the flag of the United Kingdom. A man jumped into the kite while others tried to fly it and the kite stayed. According to Neil Cinnard, author of The Films of Richard Lester, this event is a symbol of Britain that has less energy and technology compared to the United States in the space age. Following this scene, the British flew a primitive kite, while the Americans, who were world powers after World War II, flew rockets and advanced space shuttle.
