It's nothing cool or wise about this movie - because it just reveals the ignorance of the true art movie. How do you forget that the important facts of this movie are those that are ugly and mean .. serial killer! If they had to separate all strangers for "As a family again", we don't want them to be "families". Which part do you have trouble catching? Why must applaud this dirt? <br /> <br /> This stupid dirt is what you do if you can't do art! The head and life of one person must be profoundly empty to misunderstand this iniquity as "interesting". This is a camera without a brain. What makes a really cool art work is pride, questioning the status quo from a perspective that is informed by historical knowledge. (Or in this case, knowledge of anything is better!) But this is just a random stacking of the most ugly images that exist in a world that has fallen apart. "Great causes are so far away!") These violent incidents actually occur every day. They are not "just in movies". They refer to people who don't have real lives to do the same thing for you. Do you want those things to do for you? Children can think of it. It must be imagined as a center. It's not surrealism. This lazy shit has no content to say anything. It is the worst news in the evening and it doesn't say anything. There is nothing we don't know. It's "Emperor's new clothes". The director hopes that there will be no children. Study enough to be proud of their inhumanity I can see the fanatics of the director Miike now: a teenager who smokes and has a twenty-year-old mistress covered with tattoos with metal hanging from their holes. They don't have any issues for this matter - it's just the exploitation of violent characters. There is no "hidden meaning" in this poorly created movie. It is good to explore movies to see if you can find equipment in cinemas with ingenious art. But you can't reveal the hidden meaning if no one is! In doing so, you have to watch and review the actual movie. There are plenty out there, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan. Ordet, why don't you try to watch real art movies by people who like these giants? This director Wannabe Miike will not create a movie that is equal to one of the geniuses I identified because he has no talent! Everyone can slap a crap like "Visitors Q." Teens can throw it together one afternoon! No message, no meaning, no plot, nothing. There are lots of ART movies to learn - but Q visitors are not art films in any way. No content at all It's just the only horror movie that overlaps, and the memorable thing about those horrible crimes is that those things happen every day or somewhere in the world. They are not ok because they are "Just in the movie" They refer to people who don't have real lives to do the same thing for you. Do you want those things to do for you or not for others? why? Since this world is ugly enough, thank you to those who enjoy thinking about such terrible events. <br /> <br /> There are many art movies that use your mind to distinguish. But you are losing your ability with this shit No deep meaning Nothing to analyze Why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years watching all the movies I had done and tracking all new stories. But I've never seen anything like this before. It's not imaginative or shocking because this kind of event happens every day around the world. In making this movie or even criticizing the film has caused more than 50 young airheads who do not know what is better than thinking of it "cool". They may think that believing someone else might end up Doing these things - the murderer who has been convicted often reveals how they started this way by being truncated by the horrors of this inhumane cruelty. Trust me in this - I don't know if this cool and cool. Visitors Q has a genuine SNUFF movie FEEL and I'm still not sure if <br /> <br /> Your actions are Effect on children This world is scary enough. This kind of violence may have happened to you or the non-socially responsible superintendent in the movie FAKE Art. Believe me, you don't think it's "cool" when someone sees your half skull!
