(Big spoiler) I've seen another Takashimike movie, and that's an annoying and cruel 'audition' that examines the ideals of Japanese women! In 'Q visitors' - which I think means 'Visitor Questions' - He examines the family unit in an extremely annoying way. Miike's exaggerated vision about an unusual family almost tries to become Lynchian in terms of confusion and filmmaking. But eventually lacking style and intrigue We, the audience, were introduced to a strange situation from the opening scene with the father figure (Kenichi Endo-really good). Paid for sex with the displaced daughter (Fujiko). Then when he returned His house was struck by the head. "Visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) swings a fairly large rock and for some reason, they both return to the home of the mother's family (Shungiku Uchida) being beaten and bullied by her son ( Jun Muto) who was beaten and bullied by his school friends When visitors enter the house, they will set themselves horribly as part of the unit. Finally, the family began to develop their relationship with help from visitors through milking, killing and maintaining the pride of the family. <br /> <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that make the family close. More closely together. It has an uncomfortable sense of humor But was incredibly stupid and was a common occurrence in the oddness, with the most necrophiliac scene that was disgusting But became a ridiculous joke when the scene went on Partly because of the situation itself and partly because you can't believe that filmmakers and actors are actually doing this! The format of the movie is not good enough to say the least and the plot is stupid and incredibly weak. The characters are everywhere and while I understand that this doesn't mean reality. But almost no interest in the characters and situations facing these things The camera works sloppy and doesn't have the feel of a movie that Lynch's work created. It's hard to show this movie seriously at a surreal level or to interpret the family unit examination in Japan. It seems that Miike must be shocked and the movie seems to be aware That he was "trying" to scare and almost be a joke that must be taken seriously Overall, I want to say that this movie is a strange funny movie. But it looks and feels expert and doesn't seem to want to panic Miike's previous audition movie has a balance between horrifying horror, character development and techniques - which create more interest in the way that movies are created to keep the audience interested. ' Visitors 'Q' is one step because trying too hard to be a strange person and intentionally confront without intentionally speaking much in the process! <br /> <br /> ** from *****!
