I must say that this is a little embarrassing for 'King of the Cowboys'; Created in 1948, the image came out a decade after the first image of Roy Rogers, in which he has a starring role. The character of Roy came out innocently in this story, along with his female actress Jane Fezzi, whom she changed her loyalty between Roy and Robert Livingston, who showed that Bill Regan, the head man. Worse, the whole story seems to be confused with the opportunity to miss out on what might be an enjoyable hour or more, such as the legend of 'Hangman's Hotel', which says that the hanged man will have Switching gears up at midnight with actor Andy Devine as Cookie Bullfincher you think the story would have been a little distance from that setting. But you have a complex litigation that will get better service. If this is a flick of the Bowery boy, it's a sad effort in the haunted hotel mechanism that relies on the poor Genevieve who was told. Tell the truth, get the time to get the screen more than the contract Trigger that 'The smartest horse in the movie' has nothing to say, upstaged by the mule, and then you have Foy Willing and Riders of the Purple Sage instead of Bob Nolan and Sons of the Pioneers instead of performing your musical stage. I do not know anything about you But it's a half way picture and I'm still looking for Pat Brady - Oh! <br /> <br /> There are still interesting elements here if you look hard enough and that becomes Roy's athlete trigger while still running away from the bad guys. But I have never seen before in a few hundred western people. <br /> <br /> Jane Frazee was honored as a female lead in this picture as she wanted in four. Another film opposite the track in the time frame 1947/1948 in "Under California Stars". She appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, named Caroline Bullfincher appropriately. You never believed she would come into this story because of her. Start pretending to be someone you can't, and turn to unintentionally good guy. <br /> <br /> Fans of Laurel's old and hardy movies may be as surprised. I see Sink's Finlay's here as a sheriff's Town. I would like more humor to write in his role. But he can perform honestly I have to wonder why when he finished it, why did he and Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) reach the cookie in the cookie for no reason? Just how close it is, I think there is as much thought about going into the remaining pictures. I hate being a violent person. But if you see Pots Rogers, you have to know that this is not one of his better efforts. <br /> <br /> Saying Xin Town - I wonder if that is. The same place that grew up to be a city of sin?
