This is the competition .. (adv. = Advantage) <br /> The Warriors (Ultimate Warrior, Texas Tornado and Legion of Doom) v The Perfect Team (Mr Perfect, Ax, Smash and Crush of Demolition): Ax is the first to go. In a few seconds, when the warrior splashes at him for a pin (4-3 adv. Warriors), I know that the ax is not a healthy person. But if he is not healthy, why is he having problems with the card? This will be his last PPV. Finally, both Legion of Doom and Demolition came out correctly, doubled disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors) Perfect. Uses Duplex Perfect for Texas Tornado for Pin then he tried the same with the warrior. But the warrior didn't sell and kicked out The warrior returned with a splash to freeze perfection and become the only 5/10 survivor. <br /> <br /> Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and the Hart Million Dollar V Foundation (Team Ted Dibiase, the mysterious and rhythmic partner and blues): The mysterious pair is Undertaker and on his debut, the effect of instant cocoa removal with Tombstone (monsoon can still speak the height, weight and correct movement in While pretending to be Dibiase Honky's team for the pin (3-3) and his career with the WWF ended shortly thereafter. Niedhart, the victim of Dibiase, with the help of Virgil (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team) Rhodes next after the two undertaker ax - deal with the top rope But do not leave it quietly attacking the Brother Love Undertaker, following Dusty and being counted, though not a lawyer (2-1 adv. Dibiase's team) is almost straight after Greg is caught in a stretcher by Hart trying to place the image. Four-legged him and pinned it to Hart V Dibia, and after a few minutes of a good fight, Bret made Dibiase cross his body. Dibiase was the only survivor. At least Hart was able to work well. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'The Snake' Roberts, 'Superfly' Jimmy Snuka and The Rockers) v Visionaries (Rick 'Model' Martel, Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending a moment in the ring, Marty Jannetty received the attack power from the warlord as he came out of the top rope for the pin (4-3 adv. Visionaries). Snuka was pinned in a few. Seconds by Martel, who forced his body (4-2 adv. Visionary) Michelle stuck in Power Plex and pinned by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionaries). Now Robert and the four men Kidnapped Becket similar to Survivor Series two years ago. Despite hitting warlords with DDT, Robert was chased after Martel Visionaries was the first team in the history of the Survivor Series to survive as one. Not so much worth it. Look to be honest because of psychology. Hurry. 3/10 <br /> Hulkamaniacs (Hulk Hogan, 'Hacksaw' Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) v Natural disasters (earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barbarian and Haku): One Bossman eliminates Haku at the beginning of the match (4-3 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Watch the axes get 2 times 4 from defeating the earthquake by disqualification (3-3). Cheers commit suicide. In his career, shortly thereafter, by allowing Hogan to cradle him with a needle (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs), the earthquake was organized. These Boss Man defeated by two elbow for the pin shortly thereafter (2-2) Hogan was beaten and eventually tug was tagged. (Who knew he was there at this point?) He fought for about 30 seconds before being counted by an earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarian barons made some good offenses. But inevitably stuck in a large boot and put legs for pins Hogan is the only survivor. 4/10 <br /> <br /> Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) v Mercenaries (Sgt Slaughter, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries wear camouflage colors. Lightning pinned quickly here, with Santana pinning Zhukov in his latest PPV in seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There was no match for the Bolsheviks. Bushwhackers attacked Sato and The Battering Ram, although Tanaka would be Lawyer (4-2 adv. Alliance) and his last appearance in WWF PPV when The Orient Express has been re-packaged Tanaka follows Sato when Santa is stunned by the lower arm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Even though the killings come in with the four men, he eliminates Volkhov. (Which ended after this career) Butch and Luke, respectively, easily. Finally, Santana won the killing by disqualification when General Adnan attacked him with the Iraqi flag. Finally, an interesting booking, even though the competition is terrible, Santana takes the offensive victory as the sole survivor and becomes his best final 3/10 hour. <br /> <br /> Hatching eggs And it was Hector Guerrerro in a stupid set , Hulk Hogan and Tito Santana v Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick's Mart 'Model' and Marted Man Ted Di Million Dollar Biase: Just a catalog of elimination once again while Santana pegs Warlord within seconds with flying arms at least avenging Summerslam before his defeat (4-3 adv. Dibiase's team). Dibiase shocked Santana's gun afterwards for pin (4-2 adv. Dibiase's team). Hogan kicked out of The Power Plex and proceeded to freeze Roma after the clothesline killed the power and glory thrust (3-2 adv. Dibiase's team) Hogan eliminates Martel by counting out and Dibiase by Leg for a leg (2-1 adv. Team Hogan) finally Hogan, Warrior was allowed to attend the event, which will eliminate Hercules in the past after splashing. A very predictable ending to the point of hatred. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Overall, too much competition and too little time has a bad effect because the wrestler almost waits for the conveyor belt to freeze. Most of the heels are destroyed by Warrior and Hogan, which is a terrible way to manage the elite wrestlers.
