I came from this movie with the feeling that it will be much better. Instead of being interesting and tense when the boys fought to survive in the wilderness, it turned out to be a National Geographic documentary film that matches the Columbia sportswear. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Brian (Jared Rushton) preparing to travel. By plane to meet his father His mother gave him good luck in choosing an ax as a gift. (What happened to Rubik's cube) didn't know that he would need it soon. When in the air, the pilot of the plane (Ned flashes and you will miss - he hijacked by Ned Betty) suffers from a fatal heart attack, causing Brian to do something wrong while the plane fell into the lake. So lucky to walk (Or swimming) that is not truly injured. Brian must find shelter, food and hope of helping. <br /> <br /> This is the main problem of this movie that started. By the nature of Brian Jared's solitude, there are only a few lines to say, and therefore the film should be compensated by the tension that occurs in each scene. He showed that he was walking around, sitting around and others with little danger. As a result, too much confidence was placed in a flashback to the problematic marriage of parents as a source of tension. These scenes approached and did not add much to the story. Even worse, sometimes Jared ?? His face is muddy - allowing the first or two screams that cause similarities to the 'Predator'. It can be said that, unfortunately, we can do by refraining from seeing his cylinder. But it probably helps him to be warm at night. <br /> <br /> Another disappointment is Pamela Sue Martin in an entirely inefficient performance as a mother. Both her and her father had very little impact on the movie. For example, we never show how they respond to the disappearance of Bryan. They may organize their efforts, help, and so on. This is the only source of tension that filmmakers will do well in The survey instead takes a lot of time before the events that Brian took on his journey.
