Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are one of the most fun women to get in "Saturday Night Live". It is a shame that they, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, are in SNL during writing and sketching. The longest (about the year 2002-2006) that has ever been. However, most of these women know what is funny and they know how to write comedy. <br /> <br /> You will notice the credit of the movie. This is where Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote For the "Spring Breakdown" But who is the author of the screenplay, dialogue and authentic materials include all major complement to the story as a multi-dimensional movies? Yes, only Shiraki had the only man who wrote the dialogue for this movie, and apparently no woman wrote a screenplay with him. The result is that the movie "Spring Break" is boring and doesn't fool the holidays as much as MTV does every year. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler and even the stars, Parker Posey may be involved in Their handwriting for the screenplay The location is traditional. There are about thirty-three things that women are not popular in high school. (And clearly the college as well) that never had a fun spring break trip that they were accused of dreaming about. I said "Allegedly" because you never knew how fun these characters were. They entered a talented show in the past where they sang the famous girl's flag, such as "True Colors" and spent the night together, organizing a party, making your pizza. Although no one is not particularly interesting But the outside world seems to treat them like they There is one scene in which Pohler's blind student (Played by Will Arnet, husband of Pohler's true husband) asked her to date on the day just to touch her face and change her mind immediately. If Poehler's character is not interesting, they hire the wrong actress. <br /> <br /> The film still shows promise, even though we have doubts about the main character when the boss of Posey, Texas. Senator 'Kay Bee' Hartmann (Jen Lynch is always funny). Hire Posey to take care of her famous college-aged daughter. (Amber Tamboline plays another charming woman in real life But not in the eyes of the characters in this film) while she goes to the resting point like Laguna Beach for Spring Break Poehler and Dratch. They are reluctantly reluctant to party as they should be when they were Studying in college and then was the final showdown with women led by Sophie Monk. <br /> <br /> Sophie, an incredibly attractive female monk with a body of women and men Men will kill for various reasons. Unfortunately, her film career began roughly starting with "Date Movie" (2006) and "Click" (2006) disappointing. Here, she plays the Southern Belle. Although her voice sounds like she stole Delta Burke's voice box, she tried hard to play with the female that she thought was like a parody of a college boy who lost the habit of others. <br /> <br /> "Spring Breakdown" is a direct release to the DVD, even though Amy Poehler's star power is correct, but because this story is too old May be called "Spring Breakdown of Lamphun National" and the magazine may not be sued for trademark infringement due to free publicity If director Shiraki gives at least one creative woman, especially Rachel Dresden, this movie will be very good and not as exciting as the comedian we've seen before. Will come with other funny concepts and hope to be allowed to fill in the rest of the screenplay by yourself She is a funny person and she deserves better than a half-comedy movie that accepts Stiffler's brother with open arms.
