Another big star, another fascinating scene, another famous director, flicked full of songs that fill the buster charts, but what is missing at the end is the story that all movie watchers expect from the picture. A big budget movie like this. Very hype is what lurks around the movie before. 'Premiere red carpet The propaganda that is bound to Anil Kapoor. Imagine that this movie will be one of the best love stories ever made after Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge Anilji, which movie did you talk about? The story of the film has about 6 pairs of different pairs and 12 people who have a totally different position on life. But even though they have different approaches in life Absolutely good theme. But we did not expect a little that the film would be so boring, which would make the final expectation that viewers would receive from many movies like this. These are movies that I totally hate, because after spending money on multiplex tickets, I was locked in a movie theater for 4 hours just waiting for the pain from Climax. <br /> <br /> The problem started. Beginning from the beginning. The director is confused with some of the stories that even baffled how to divide the time with six actors. Some couples, such as Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan- (anyone who is a woman opposite him) just doesn't make sense for their existence in the movie Salman (who calls himself Rahul in the manner Strange for this movie like Rahoooooool) Again, as usual, trying to look more cool with his Hindi accent. Hello Sallu Bhai. Now Aish is getting married, at least having to get advice from Abhishek to The ability to develop your acting. Simple striptease will not make the movie a box-office income every time, and Anilji stops shaving a beard with your trademark or you seem like a eunuch. And kissing your daughter's age is not as scary as watching Jack Nicholson in a romantic and favorite movie, Nikhilji. Avoid unnecessary scenes in movies that are not necessary for photography. <br /> <br /> The bigger flaw in this movie is that there is no perfect coordination between different couples The plot of the story of sadism. Salaam-E-Ishq Bollywood still needs to learn a lot from movies like Snatch, Memento, where the director knows the perfect art to make various unrelated sequences to create the perfect mix story. <br /> <br /> Somewhere while I was evaluating Movie reviews have predicted that this movie will not do well because the title of this film is increased to 28 and 28, considered a bad number in Numerology, but I stand by saying that this movie will not fail. Because of the deficiencies of numerology, but because of the many mistakes that still exist in the movie And when the director Nikhil Advani was able to make a big mistake in the whole story of the movie, there was no doubt that the film would not be protected from bombing at Box Office. <br /> <br /> Words My advice for all of you is Please avoid watching this movie in any case. It's not worth the pies that you pay for tickets. Of course, there are better movies on the cinema screen that are more viewing. Salaam-E-Ishq
