Six for one price! So it's not the time for Bonanza for Cinegoers. Isn't this one, not two? But it's a six-story love story for all Bollywood celebrities, including all the stories of the favorite director Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You'll see all the love stories you like or endure for many. Year So it's not a big deal for you. What do you want more? No, thanks Why must you be enough? Please help us. They signed every star that they could sign, whether they wanted it or not, they ended up creating the circle of stars. Believe it or not. Too crowded, everything that appears here is defined in the Bollywood love textbook. You also have to prove the length of each story because each star has stars. Therefore, for more than three hours, as well as the film is a film character. Problem, difficulty, resolution problem ?? Yes, you guess right again ?? Film, try and test Hundreds of the same dancers dance in bright colors in the background. Why do they have no other work to do? Every couple is sweet, sweet, kind, fairy tale, perfect picture, everyone looks good, each story starts with the perfect way, so should end in the perfect way that is impossible? Too haphazard, you can't connect to a single story. Here you have everything you see a million times. The unusual story of an unusually contaminated blood connoisseur has been common for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this Indian film. Is it a sensitive mockery of the current audience? Yes, it may work as a parody if he just paid tribute to the love story of yesteryear. But alas, even if things were not explored At least, director Nikhil Advani should have tried a novel and unusual love story. But then what will happen to the tradition of living according to the Polbo Trade Brigade? Oh! Some people need to proceed. Imagine the first-hand audience, finding it difficult to sit like this love story, and here we have six times pain. I mean six damn stories I mean, the fun of Mohabbatein (year 2000) of chopra is very much in this era and time. Now we are desperate to see some people who are not very colorful and not a bright story. Oh, you have to say something now that is entertainment. My advice, please don't waste time reading reviews. Go instead. There are many entertainment! Thank You.
