Who are these "them" - actors? Creator team? Can not be an audience for sure - this is one of the most productive productions in the air. Is it a type of movie that seems very fun to shoot? Very fun, no one has done anything, and that makes the movie always fun. <br /> <br /> Ritter donned glasses to reinforce his character status as a patron of bdectacled Bogdanovich; The windy scene. Ms. Stratten has sweetness. But there is an embarrassment. See, I'm dating a beautiful girl. Benazazara plays his cat's smile in an unsuccessful attempt to raise a little plan that requires him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with the attention of Narclep. Tik at the insomnia clinic At the same time, children who are pairs of the same model (Reminds of nepotism: Bogdanovich's daughter) Lovely, cute and receiving annoying pointers in 'love' while observing their parents. (Miss Hepburn painted her dignity above the steps - but she has a great challenge to play by herself.) Everyone looks good, but what? It's a movie and we can expect so much that if that's what you're looking for, it's better to pick up a copy of Vogue. <br /> <br /> Oh - and it has to be said that Colleen Camp, even in her singing, while the versatility is certainly unbelievable ... The numbers of the country and the West do not match the soundtrack standards. Of course, this is not what Gershwin (The composer from the movie title) has in his heart the stage plays in the 20s, maybe a bit. But at least they have a long lasting charm "They all laughed." Trying to shore with good intentions of it, but no one - at least Peter Bogdanovich - has a good feeling to wear brakes. <br /> <br /> Because There is no small part for the sad death of Dorothy Stratten, this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he bought it back from the manufacturer and distributed it on his own and went bankrupt when not popular. His rise and fall is one of Hollywood's more sympathetic and tragic stories, so there is no joy in film criticism ... There is a real emotional investment in the scene of Ms. Stratten. But "Laughed" is a faint echo of "The Last Picture Show", "Paper Moon" or "What's Up, Doc" - according to "Daisy Miller" and "At Long Last Love". Things that PB never appeared before. <br /> <br /> In all matters, even though the movie This is not dangerous. But only pay rent I want to see people who have a good time. I will go to the park on a sunny day. For the expression of happiness and love in the movie, I will stick with Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy ...
