The problem of the Salaam-e-Ishq of Nikhil Advani has many concepts, one line that looks good on paper. (Which worked in previous English movies - true love) was very wrong with inappropriate and shallow writing The well-intentioned mind will be crushed by the smithy under the weight of its large ambitions. The director who was blocked by his first film that applauded the device that worked in his previous movie (Kal Ho Na Ho). Let's count the number of times the screen is split in this flick. The problem is - what Working hard in Kal Ho Na Ho is beyond the senses of Karan Johar's film school, but here 'emotion' doesn't make us look elegant on the screen - not even the cursor. / Director gives 'six relationships with one common problem - love' but where is violence, depth and 'mood'? A 'tribute to love' sans, emotions and people who keep going ...... ...... No, it can't be used! <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for this kind of portmanteau in work is not only But each person's story must be 'perfect' but should - in some way or the other - according to the graph of the three traditional acting structures. (Screen writing guru, Syd Field paradigm) That's the real reason why. Salaam-e-Ishq Didn't work for me There are no stories that are deep or have a roller coaster ride in the mood and expectations in Hindi movies. In addition, the links between some stories are very sparse and forced. It is not clear what Salman Khan did in Ayesha Takia's wedding. If he needed to be in the wedding scene to be orderly, why not think about a few more stories and bring the other two couples to the wedding? That will be the end. <br /> <br /> But yes, some stories have many promises. One of the stories Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to deal with the very real situation - mid-life crisis. But its journey is very straight line so you wonder if it's a problem or not. Similarly, the issue of determination in the Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia story is actually the same as life. If only it had been developed a little better. I feel that the more likely stories in this mash-mash are told from the point of view of men, that's okay. But it has reduced the emotional intelligence of these stories because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia, the depth of the half bath Shouldn't this movie be about '12 different lives'? Now actors John Abraham also had to learn acting while Vidya Balan was reliable and loved as always. Anil Kapoor received a role written for him. But sometimes overcome the monotony of his character Since she did not show herself with meat, Juhee Chawla therefore used her charming smile and natural acting style to cover it. Akshaye Khanna performed well despite the trifle in some scenes. To do a lot But she reminds us that she is the same woman who surprised us with her courageous performances. In Dor Govinda, trying to compensate for the big mistake called Bhagam Bhag and the great success. <br /> < br /> that makes me follow the most annoying movies (Which ended up stopping at the top screen) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra, the track was essentially annoying because of them But I have to give them credit for their consistency They are not consistently good throughout the story. Priyanka is probably the next queen of destruction - I don't buy shit that her role ('item girl') wants her to do things that are exaggerated. Someone should tell her the difference between being colorful because the character demands it and seriously obstructs. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (which seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in the interview and Bigg Boss, you'll know what I mean. I feel strongly that if Nikhil Advani received Rakhi Sawant in this role instead of a big star like Priyanka, the story would be better. Salman Khan's fake accent is ... Shannon's Hindu Ezra is less than Salman's accent. <br /> <br /> To be fair with the director, he manages to add a good touch. With movies I like the use of gray as the dominant color in the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla as a metaphor for their boring and bright colors that came into the story when other women arrived. But will everyone choose to paint the house with different shades of gray? That is an acceptable cinema license that I want to say. But when this film took nearly 4 hours, it almost felt like the director tried too hard to let the audience see his 'touch' in the endless editing scene of the scene that wasn't interesting. br /> <br /> Advani wants us to sit in the cinema for as long as humanly possible, Calhona.
