The concept of horror created for this TV is ridiculous beyond description. But wait, it's the late 1970s, and in fact, all kinds of stupid horror movies create frightening profits, so why not use the idea of ​​a happy dog? The story of "Devil Dog" is easy to explain to fans of horror genres: just think of "The Omen" and replace the newborn baby with German Shepard's nest! Seriously, I'm not kidding. That's what movies are about! During the opening ceremony, some members of the Satanism bought a female bitch with heat to get it to be put into Satan. Do you think the Lord of Darkness had other thoughts in his mind than to insult the German Shepard and take One evil puppy came to occupy the world at that time. Like a little Damien in "The Omen", a puppy was raised by a sample family and grew up to be a beautiful and charming animal, but fortunately that is the name of the dog ?? Is a pure evil and cleanses annoying neighbors and school teachers with long noses In addition, he also created a felony for the characters in the family and children of the family. But he couldn't force his father (Richard Crenna) to put his arm in the mower because he was "Selected people" things become words that do not understand when Crenna travels to Ecuador to find ancient murals and get advice from old thinkers who speak English completely. I guess he learned that living alone on the peak of his life Director Curtis Harrington ("What's with Helen", "Ruby") and leading actor Richard Rain ("Wait until dark", "Evil") Try to create a mysterious and mysterious atmosphere. The scene is like a cute puppy's eyes, causing a fire in a Spanish half or a bullet-proof dog without moving even to laugh instead of horror and not even the music. Creepy music has such an opportunity. "Special effects "Wretched, especially near the end when the dog Satan mutated into a magical shadow on the wall." Devil Dog "is a truly stupid movie. But it's a joke to watch late at night with friends and a lot of liquors. Martine Beswick's fun short summary ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as an awesome cult queen and Lt. Gen. Armstrong ("The Car", "The Pack") as an evil fruit and vegetable salesman And yes, the annoying daughter is the same boy who was blown away to complain about Carpenter's ice cream in "Assault on Precinct 13" by Carpenter
