'Baptists that we barbecue' are the best movies ever. Now that I get your attention with a horribly incorrect statement that should be a hanging fault. If talking to me, start a brief overview of this rubbish, tacky, offensive, hypocrisy and boring. I guess you can consider movies. First of all, the scent's low budget is totally clear from the poor and inexperienced direction of Christian Vuissa and the overly and boastful sermon of F. Mathew Smith. And the sort of other anti-religious messages, yes, stories about a small town that is full of Mormons and the other half is full of Christian Protestant views. It shows that the main characters and characters, all roles are Mormons and are good and perfect people. But they were chosen by evil, conspiracy and Protestant Christians It shows how beautiful Mormons are and how cold and innocent Protestant Christians, instead of showing a little unity like that, would be appropriate and true. I am a part of any religion (in fact, I do not believe that there is no God) but this makes me angry with many Baptist Christians. It shows that Protestant Christians are people who are not open and do not know much about Mormons, and Mormons are very accepted again. In fact, there are similarities / dislikes between them. he Sorry, I didn't intend to speak out. <br /> <br /> Another aspect of 'Baptist Christians at our barbecue' Another aspect that I didn't care about was acting. The performances are very special and natural, especially from Heather Beers. Miss Beers goes through her part without any love or feeling for her role, and I'm not impressed with Dan Merkley, who is the main character A lackluster movie But I must say that he has more talent Or show more talent in this film. Heather Beers, whoever plays the sheriff in the city, is scary as well. Although there may be a little laugh in the movie But it is full of ancient ideas For example, the main character is Tartan (Merkley), searching for consolation to Native Americans who often give him the best advice on things related to the tribal lifestyle - what is the ancient idea? In order to make the situation a more pathetic old idea, Tartan bought a poor dog. Ugghhh! <br /> <br /> If you need my advice, stay far from 'Baptist in our barbecue' as far as possible I saw it on the shelf and thought it would be a little cute and interesting indie about religion. All I get is a piece of shit. Score: D- <br /> <br /> My rating guide - A + (No errors perfectly); A (near complete masterpiece); A- (excellent); B + (excellent); B (very good); B- (good); C + (mixed bag); C (moderate); C- (disappointing); D + (not good); D (Terrible); D- (absolutley horrible); F (not the only redemption quality in this Hollywood stool
