As expected, the movie A Mazursky, created in the 70s, is probably anti-cultural, sympathetic to the hippies, and there are hippies in it, and naturally it's anti-dictators like children. Provoked the authorities by showing little respect, then accusing them of causing him to open his suitcase just because of him. (Sutherland) has long hair.) Fixed left-wing raising can cause frustration if I am not prepared before. Sutherland has inspired his family and friends about the idea of ​​a movie that is Possible for his next film and most of these ideas are about blacks or Indians (No need to say that One of his movie ideas about the black riots in Beverly Hills - the war of competition that will speak in the middle of .. This is nonsense that Mazursky misses when writing his screenplay. Fortunately, some of the hippies of Sutherland friends enjoyed this black revolution, and the dialogue was not bad. Soon, the Jewish people made a crack at Sutherland to create a movie. "Masturbation and black problems" when the latter started talking about masturbation Another funny moment was when Sutherland's eldest daughter shook the PC on stage with her white student friend and they said: "We, the black people of the Republic of South Africa ..." <br /> < br /> Always having a passion for Hollywood when Hollywood creates a movie about Hollywood, especially when Hollywood creates a movie about Hollywood to talk about Hollywood movie Now it's a matter of truly indulging yourself. Although the scene of Fellini (playing himself) is more amusing and annoying, Mazursky throws a standard flower ball and resists Vietnamese bullshit in the soup and still enjoys Hollywood, but he is part of "Hollywood phony "(The lyrics from the song in the Surreal War section) are others; I am quite confident that he talked to Fakes in Beverly Hills and talked sparsely while holding the hands of people he didn't know or liked. But the money he needed so much for the next party (left wing)) project for his hair: he has the worst hair that I've seen for a long time (On film or elsewhere); It's like a long type of hair that middle-aged accountants will have if they grow long. This film is still interesting, even without a goal. But it was quite boring to become boring in the last three If you want to read my parody / biography of Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors) please contact me by email.
