Offering a terrifying writer's combo, terrifying performances and a bad direction, it is suspected that Kinjite: the forbidden subject is bad or bad. As if someone were racing to create the most scary and scary Canon movie As if the actors' names include the character 'Lesbian Pedophile,' 'Perverted Gentleman,' 'Porno Actress' is not enough. It is the only chance that you will see police officer Charles Bronson throw a low life on the bed and grab a dildo - but not Worry, it's okay because the screen screams, making it clear that he just But suffering only information In the end, though, he was the guardian of his lovely Catholic daughter. But he was a good Catholic police who regularly brought the local William Catholic Conclio to lunch in a box and those who believed in poetic justice In the cage with the highest security prisoners to be able to provide medicine for them But that's what you will tell him "Look, I think you probably won't be stable." "I want to put your ass up. But I didn't want to take a dirty hand. "He learned to draw the line: instead, he had just done. He ate a $ 25,000 clock and lit his Cadillac. Anal enchantment continues until the name of the movie: despite the poster with a Japanese girl naked in a porn movie, this movie is a direct example of Kinjite / taboo while the English teacher of Alex Hyde White explained to Japanese businessmen Is a mention of a bowel movement in a polite society. <br /> <br /> Bronson is not too old for this because the open fight makes it too clear. He is too old to love Peggy Lipton and she loves her. Look old enough to have an older child The better performer that he had received the credit when receiving the right content, he was given a character that was less thought out than the evil behavior comedian. When he did not move the suspect's enclave, he accidentally left him to die from the side of the building. He was not PS. Of course, the copper with special contempt for the Japanese - as if it wasn't bad enough to buy. The American business, the worse thing is they parked on public roads! The minority will not be attacked, whether it is a black pimp or a Pakistani hotel employee. There is no merciless police, whether it is the boss who smoothed his fist on the table or the partner of the dead meat. (Perry Lopez and impressive hair dye The entire screen of the bill itself) The plot of the double story - Bronson's police tried to deal with Juan Hernandez's pimp, who dealt with underage women and crazy Japanese businessmen in James Pax. Time forever to weave and in the most unlikely way: after feeling Bronson's daughter on the bus ("Some Oriental people touch the Pope ") In this movie Kidnapped by Hernandez. You half expect the writer to poke his head around the corner of the screen and say "How do you like apples?" <br /> <br /> Somewhere under all laziness is a germ of good ideas, though. It was developed too much to understand clearly what the idea was. But the execution was pure. Rising Sun: Archie Bunker version shot from the 80s music video that received R-end-em-up-and-blow'em-up ratings. Who saw a small army of sidekicks gunning gun appear to count Bronson's last free body, mostly poor in cooperation with J. Lee Thompson and Thompson's last film as a director - it's a signal Poor for two players who didn't get a revaluation that didn't seem to know about the pictures they said yes.
