I rented a video of "Piano teacher" doesn't know anything except what is written on the video box. I do this with self-consciousness because the winning movies in Cannes are usually good or bad. Unfortunately this thing falls into the latter category. About a quarter of the entrance, I found myself talking loudly. "This movie is boring." About half way, I said to myself that "Where have I seen this before?" During the three quarters I thought of, <br /> <br /> Despite the origin of the literature, this movie was a movie created by Robert Altman recently (1969 ) And better than "Cold weather on that day." Although the details are clearly different and Altman's work is more focused on planning and having less character education, there is nothing new. "To be In this production, Every aspect of it has been done before: the characters that spin out of control with more self-destructive behavior (Abel Ferrara of "Bad Lieutenant" 1992); Unusual love and doomed moments in the death scene (near) Opera scene (David Cronenberg "M. Butterfly" 1993); Strange sex scenes (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); And so on, so I am confused about the fact that many people find that the movie is "shocking" "crack" etc. The movie seems to have been created for the sole purpose of making the audience feel uncomfortable and successful. With some people. However, I mainly say that the reaction to the lack of movie experience Watching enough movies and eventually you will see it all. And while it is true that I saw the 'R-Rated' version that was eliminated, I wonder if additional scenes will change my overall opinion about "Piano teacher" <br /> <br /> Technically, this movie doesn't have merit. There is a camera that works very well and the light is great. The reliable performance of Isabelle Huppert also helps to save you from wasting time. This is Haneke's first film I have ever seen, and if I want to see more, I expect that I will have the same opinion as him that I have of Ferrara: an interesting director. But not other geniuses. Score: 4/10
