I rented it shortly after Ben Stein's rental of "eviction" and thought it was interesting to compare. Before I go further, I just point out the following to let readers see whether I have a bias or not. I try to follow the goal to save. <br /> <br /> I always enjoy Maher's HBO performance right now and then, even though I don't think he is a source of humor. I don't care that he will stand as well. But he scored well on the show again and again, and I liked the wrong politics even though he was still quite politically correct. (Which I think is negative because this word is listening to Orwellian or Fascism at least) For my religious views I would say for the sake of simplicity that I'm not a bad person. Christians who have certain perspectives that are prejudicial and some are agnostic. <br /> <br /> Being said that this is a "documentary" that is not good for reasons that have not yet been received. Touched by many inspectors The things mentioned are also correct. The reason it is unbelievable is not just because he disputed the main issue without letting others speak. (And his point is no reason. It's just "come true", which is not a question. Try using David Hume if you want the right argument.) The unbelievable reason is that he lacks experts in this matter. I saw this thing about 2 months ago and I only remember that he was talking to a person who had mentioned the credentials as a professional if he was not a priest. There may be hundreds of scientists or professors, at least with professors or PhDs who are willing to do verbal practice, especially in the history, anthropology or host of others. <br /> <br /> If comparing this with Ben Stein "was dismissed: without permission from the secret service" he would find Stein interviewing about professional professors, professionals, 30 monks, etc. He did this. Using a variety of sources with diverse backgrounds He also pointed out in his film about freedom of thought and education. Hur can easily point out the faults caused by the laws of the Church over the centuries. But it turns out that he refers to the secular dictatorship of the 20th century as evidence that secularism needs more social-political power !!!! (It was in the bonus feature that he stood in front of Anne Frank's house. I think) This is a true journey back to Orwellian. He blames Christianity, especially with many pointless deaths - which share even though Less than most !! - without including the basic view of evidence Perhaps this is because the argument was recorded in the records of the 20th century, the only one who has enjoyed the human world. <br /> <br /> Another obvious weakness is that he is not willing to talk. With anyone He chose the weakest gazelles in the flock. How difficult is it? Prove that the existence of an exception moves into the general rule of refraction. It is not. Wow, people who respect critiques? Know how to know this. Works great. Hur! Again, it would be quite easy to interview people like Laurence Vance and include his work in refuting the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that wants people fighting in any war. His country is involved. <br /> < br /> apart from all That he is not funny here Some clips that are overlaid with "clever" methods outside the context / irreverence may cause laughter. But most of them work to show that the real contextual argument from Maher is not true. He spends most of his time bashing the Christians, blasting inaccuracies and interviewing marginal groups that he doesn't really allow to answer his questions. <br /> <br /> For the record, there are good questions to ask religious people honestly. And many people should ask themselves He almost touched these things. I felt that I was able to answer his question better than the person he interviewed, but all things were overlapping the deck in terms of what was included and what was being corrected.
