I'm a big fan of everything Bill Maher for 15 years, but this movie is disappointing and sometimes disgusting. Of course, I am a Catholic, coming from a well-educated family and going to a church that has my own intention, which may make me quite a bit of an opinion. <br /> <br /> Bill's problem Is he Assume that the religion is consistently negative He was right in making his sociological document, one belief, creating a holiday on the other side, and that many wars began because of religion. (Or more precisely, by the sinister appeal of mankind for God's supremacy and unconditional power), but that said he never looked at the positive side of it at all Quite frankly, I think Hell will stop before Bill is humble and travels to Kolkata's slum where Mother Teresa lives her life, working with the poorest poor. Of course, now she died. But he was able to visit a Jesuit priest in East LA at work, Homeboy Industries, which worked with young men with gang and prison backgrounds to teach career skills, remove tattoos and become responsible members of Society or he can visit the USC's Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which brings together the world's leading theologians, diplomats and investment bankers to learn how to combine the world's poorest countries together ethically in Global capital markets Of living for half of the people in the world who live less than 1 dollar per day Of course he would not do that because he would have to consider evidence that was inconsistent with the prejudiced beliefs about his religion and it was much easier to do superficial jokes. <br /> <br /> Next, it is suitable for other big issues of Bill's film, that is, he never gives himself to anyone, either at his level or for someone who is better than him. In this film, you have Maher the Cornell. Most graduates spend most of their time talking to truck drivers at an unknown Christian truck stop service in a nightclub with Dutch men who are constantly smoking. By the minister of the church in front of the store In Miami, claiming to be the spirit of Christ and with actors playing Jesus in the "Holy Land" theme park, <br /> <br /> What you won't see in Bill's movies, in addition to just speculation Slightly beside Ph.D. in Grand Central Station, where religion changes the brain, such as drugs and religion, is a mistake of tradition that happens to many people. Serious interviews and questions with teachers, philosophy and theology from Schools such as Notre Dame, BYU or Wheatton College, which can easily execute him in this debate You will not see the serious discussion of C.S. Lewis's writing, G.K. Chesterton or the papal encyclopedia, and of course you will not find any conversations that are not Abraham's. (Judaism, Christianity, Christianity and Islam) Any thing you get at the end of today is an example of a textbook about high-assertiveness from the western side of LA that created movies for himself and There is no understanding of any level in the second half of America. Who chose George W. Bush (twice) to spend their lives or about the school of thought behind. <br /> <br /> I received what Bill said. But for those who have his intellect and influence Nothing less than poor Anyone who is interested in intellectual fermentation in which the general documentary is often used may be stimulated again in the projection of the old Teletubbies.
