Like other movies, there are good gangster movies and bad gangster movies. If you ask me to name a good gangster movie, I have a lot to choose from. If you ask me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first person to appear in my mind is this movie that still has me in depression with disappointment for about a week since I watched the first movie. And I promise you The last time. This movie is "General" which is not related to the silent film of the year 1926 in the same name. This is a very dry and slow gangster epic that raises questions about the story. (It's easier to follow) but about why the filmmakers chose to make a rather subtle effort. <br /> <br /> such as "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007) - Two high-class mob movies "The General" are based on real people and real events. The film revolves around Irish criminals named Martin Cahill. (Brendan Gleeson), who began a long chain of crimes, steals food as a teenager and moves up to rob a museum and an adult house. At the same time, the police led by the inspector Kenny (Jon Voight) tried his best to prove the crime and his decision (or kill). <br /> <br /> Maybe because of the movie in the same category. While the movie "Goodfellas" (1990) and the movie "Godfather", the first two stories, I expect too much from "General" but that may be too easy. This would be a bad movie if I didn't see such masterpieces before being bored by the boredom of this oatmeal and the lengthy times of the bad scenes. Let's start tapping the film by looking at the proposed style. For some reason, director John Boorman and director Seamus Deasy chose to film the film in black and white, while its style and presentation were clearly the elements of the full color film. Now I have nothing to do with b / w images, even images that are happening today. "Schindler's List" (1993) filmed more than ninety percent with black and white images and was a masterpiece "General" made only five years after "Schindler's name" is not a movie that is still far away with annoying high-light buttons and makes the movie quality like video games that I find annoying only. The filmmakers were obviously like real documentaries, such as "Schindler's List", but they failed by making it look like a documentary too, and at the same time, too much like a classic animation. The performances in this film range from fair to poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight gave great enthusiasm to their role. But it seems that for me, sometimes they are also attacked by the horrible screenplay they refer to. The sound design is very original, which may be an attempt to attract the attention of the Nourish crime in the 40s, but failed because again it made it look like a contemporary image too and seemed to be out of place. /> <br /> But the worst thing that happens is that there are no characters in the movie that I feel about emotions or opinions. In fact, for every moment of every scene, the only idea that passes my head is "Okay? The better moments in the movie might come across as shocking or frightening, just boring and take time here. I do not sympathize or hate the character. Brendan Gleason because the way the character Cahill writes is simple and boring. Gleeson plays just a typical criminal and doesn't affect what Martin Cahill actually does if the character is killed. (As they usually are in the movie villain) we don't feel anything No repentance, no relief, no surprise. Nothing. We just said "So?" And that's all I did during the entire time of the movie.
