Some funny, but come Bill! Film? Zeitgeist references or not providing TV shows and interviews But the movie? I may be reacting too much. But it's an unnecessary stimulus movie ... I don't know. I laugh. Disagree. Agree ... This movie is confusing and inconsistent. <br /> <br /> Bill is a funny person ... but still Very cocky ... Bill's rhetoric is similar to Bill Hicks, a great comedian. But like many comedians, the boundary between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the major problem in this film is the lack of his feelings. This may be just a personal taste. But the joke that somebody can't insult the truth Obviously, Bill had an emotional reaction to fundamentalist religion. I agree with Bill that religious extremism is not reasonable. But the response to this cannot be reasonable It will create unnecessary chaos. We can do better than just responding to the original principles. His conclusion is "We don't know" and he tries to convince the audience that no one knows what the agnostic community is involved in. The lack of serious research in comparative religion. His humility that he knew only that he was not a conflict as he tried to confirm that all religious thoughts were not felt. <br /> <br /> I had a lot of problems seeing the bits of the Zeitgeist. Films in Bill Films, not being influenced by the inhumaneity that makes every religion easier as well, are disappointing. The Zeitgeist caused a lot of controversy and led to the correctness of capital. These religious education is very valuable. It is very sad that the wrong facts have been thrown away without reliable academic resources. Astrological sources that reduce everything for "The stars tell everything." It seems that from the Middle Ages This film is a confused word from "God agnostic" who confuses the agnostic is complex and has more academic knowledge than protecting every issue as "we don't know". <br /> <br /> This film is a clear proof. That postmodernism has the ability to exceed the size and summarize important issues in humans You can't expect anyone to have an adult conversation if you express ridiculous comments on other lines. His controversial technique is insulting and insulting, stimulating emotional reactions rather than reasoning and logical debate. There needs to be a more mature method of dealing with these problems.
