Written by women and directed by others with Whoopie, we are in a feminist ride or something. Expect the safety belt of women because we are going to enter the world of men who are meaningful and innocent. Women with good intentions <br /> <br /> In this diaper, Trish meets a man in a recruitment agency with behavior. Look and dress like a pimp (!) And give her a job in the hope of pinning her at a later time. In his office, he had a heavy chin in her film. Bond would be a remarkable woman after he was arrested and before he was ready to kill her with Bond. Not long afterwards, the pimp / hirer followed Trish in the woman's dressing room, threatening her and even raping her. Oh, these wicked men are evil. They are terrible, don't know. You can't find a job today without being raped, right? We will show them! In this film, there are some women or divorced clubs, led by Janet Leigh, who speaks for every woman involved in the film when she says "Every man is ** **" She groaned that men were scary. She divorced five times. Now seriously: Women who are married twenty times and then use that statistic are arguments that every "bad" man must realize in the end that the explanation may be somewhere else? It must happen to her: a) She is a bad judge of the male character or - more likely - b) SHE is something that is impossible to live with - her old husband may become Victim or if they are **. Then, she may get what she deserves (don't like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point? Show me the lovely women who are married often and I will Show you how To reach Mars, using roller skates and stairs only) computer Dietrich met a man who restores faith in men - but hold your horses; This man turned out to be a marriage, so there is no doubt that every "bad" man, of course, is not for the kind-hearted vegetable merchant who loves his wife even though she is still dead - proving that every man is "bad. Bad "except for the kind men that the penis does not work and they" can "not get it at all "So they were forced to abandon the life of Holly Holm and eventually give respect to women who deserve it. Even the supporting male characters are all bad. The black men in the recruitment company are not friendly and the people in the morgue are rude to the right - and without feeling (heretics, * sobbing * .. * * Inhale * ??) What is the repetition .. The minute before the court will leave, Tris will stop calling for the husband's money. She knows that she is now "free" and she can finally jump down. Swimming pool ...? What's about ?? Then she jumped into the pool - very predictable - rigid frames. When the credits began to take part, while the inspiration in my life didn't want revenge or money, the husband's music began to kick into the fans. you Shocked that she was being demanded for money But they were not shocked for a long time and started teasing each other about what Trish's lawyers would receive when he heard this Ordinary lawyer The evil man, the terrible evil, whose only interest in the world is money ... What they care about is money. They don't know anything about higher values ​​in life - such as buying things. I'm glad we have this kind of movie. They brought the sex closer together. But most importantly, they teach girls and young women that all men But being selfish, selfish, chasing after the skirt, which will leave you to the world of poverty and misery at the first opportunity So the girl opens your mouth, put your tongue into your girlfriend's mouth. Lesbian energy!
