Earlier reviewer Steve Richmond said that A Walk On The Moon was, in his words, "not worth your $ 7". I ended up paying more to import the worst quality DVD I've ever seen. In this movie or any real movie Even if you ignore the fact that the DVD has a clear source from those who use Interlice and is only offensive to watch this movie, there is no exchange feature. (Anna's appearance) is not the fault of other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh and Viggo Mortensen got all the high scores compared to Anna Paquin's chart. That Holly Hunter or Sam Neill did, despite having an equally ugly script, Tony Tony Goldwyn's personal biography is not an interesting story But Pamela Gray's resume includes Wes Craven's most amazing excursions outside of horror or slasher. So we can forgive because I think this is a bad direction. <br /> <br /> As I said And the only reason I watched this movie was Anna Paquin. In her first performance, she served as an industry veteran with at least twelve years of experience over her under the table. While she is not far from her actor's face here, her performance as a girl who started this work as a brat and grew up as a woman whose world was falling around. Proves that Sometimes I told my friends that she would be the best choice in describing the heroine of my second novel and seventy-three minutes of dialogue in this film, another reason to show why. This woman can paint walls. Anna Kan only Liev Schreiber came close to showing sympathy from the audience. Of course, his character spends most of the time in this film, ignoring the wife who has a crisis. But he showed an angry reaction to the man who felt cleverly cheated I should know, even if it doesn't come from the same situation here. <br /> <br /> Viggo Mortensen deserves credit for his drawing from a traveling salesman, even though he is not in the same scope. In a manner that speaks, he is the villain of the parts. But he succeeded in creating the third dimension for the character Yes, his actions, even after all things explode But not too many people to do different things in his situation No one wants to be another man in this messy situation, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit from playing here. Unfortunately, these people are involved in stories about women who are stuck in a sluggish marriage. Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the Mill and Boon model is the only woman who feels that life is passing by both writers. Pamela Gray or director Tony Goldwyn thinks they can bring this line into the movie without thinking how the audience will get it. Anna also talked about the audience's thoughts when she asked Diane if she would describe anyone's responsibility. <br /> <br /> That said the film had two things apart from Anna. Mason Daring's original song, while not outstanding In any way, the film had some feelings that were inserted at the time of the lecture, which helped in which other elements did not do it. Roger Ebert was correct when he pointed out that while Liev was a great actor Putting him beside Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her imagination is a big mistake. He is also very accurate when the movie shines over the scene of Len and Mortensen. Thin or dipped under the waterfall, it loses focus from being violated and becomes a soft porn. It seems that this movie is very confused about the location of the story. No matter how many times I watch Liev's scenes, I can't help but feel that he has been changed or modified. We don't need to be a handsome or beautiful leader. But following the steps to make them the most interesting or developed character in that piece of work will take a long time. <br /> <br /> Ebert heads when he says Every time he sees Anna on the screen, he thinks that her character is the place where the story actually lies. The story about a wife who felt abandoned and ran into the arms of a man that looked interesting or dangerous was a dime per dozen. Until now, even placing the story in parallel with the event that the world was broken The moon doesn't help. Anna may walk around with a neon sign over her head to ask the audience to see that they don't like to see things through her eyes. While I know it is difficult to control what your character will get the most interesting from your actor. But it was as if they weren't interested in trying Lane and Schreiber. These two fans would get good advice, look elsewhere. Hopefully, at this time, my lamentation about the performance will make me realize that all things are wrong. <br /> <br /> I give A Walk On The Moon, three in ten. Anna Paquin also receives bonus points. One of her best performances (And that is to say something)
