Recently, I have worked through the movie collection of Lugosi and have just been fired a few days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Carlos in the movie. "Black Cat" "Cuckoo" Alas, it didn't work for me and at the end of this movie I was quite disappointed. <br /> <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie or so I thought There is no doubt that Lugos i work very well in doing things together, because some of Dr. Vollins, a surgical genius who falls in love with a woman (Irene Ware) that he practices after a car accident, but no one - part Because she is already engaged and partly because her father (Samuel S. Hind) doesn't agree to deal with that situation, he asks for help from Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) A terrifying move that requires Vollins to make him look more acceptable. In addition to the performances of Lugosi, I found myself interested. Suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the movie moved completely. Suddenly it was quite a wonder. But I think Lugosi's performance is broken, mostly because the movie tries to change him from madness to madness - and with a difference, he plays the role of "crazy", which is very well controlled and can be controlled but evil "Insane" Is an uncontrollable evil and I do not think Lugosi can pull that out well At one point, he had a crazy laugh that had just been a fake. At the same time, Karloff was very disappointed. He never grabbed me. In addition to this, there must be an insult to Lugosi - in the movies they were performing with - Carlos received the highest bill, although in "The Raven" it is obvious that Lugosi, which is main actor This is a hint of how Universal rated their two great horror stars - inexplicably I would add, because I always thought that Lugosi was a better actor than both of them. <br /> <br /> In all cases, there is no real connection with the story of Edgar Allen Poe "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a fanatical Poe who is trying to create a technique to torture Poe's story. Overall, disappointing. 4/10
