First of all, a little summary This reporter, the torch, is trying to get rid of the story of the zombie outbreak and finds that the soldiers and the government examine him. Good messages, government censorship and things, but the way they do this movie is a good story that I will explain. <br /> <br /> This movie has no explanation. The idea that someone holds it on anything higher than anything, by George Romero, is enough reason for the investigator to be committed to the mental institution. The script has its own badness, as it was written by sixth grade students. For special effects, I understand that independent movies have a low budget and some effects are acceptable. But if you want a scene with fire, here's a tip: buy non-combustible materials, prepare a fire extinguisher and get up! Do not add to the digital system and make it seem like the explosion of Nintendo 64 games. Performing better. In my summer drama program, reading a cool script compared to this story is the godfather. I will not be incompatible with Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> The thing that disturbs me the most is when everything is done after the shooting and editing. Someone might say "Ok, this looks good, let it go." It cools my spine, even thinking about it, to think that people feel this is good enough for the DVD release. This is not a DVD quality. This is not the quality of the sci-fi channel. Hell, this is not the quality, even the film school. If you have to send this story to a project at the movie school, you will get F. No, not F Like F- I won't be surprised if he tries to get you fired. <br /> <br /> I feel used. After I saw this, Blockbuster and the creator of this film had my money now and I didn't want to think about what they did. I received a pledge of some complex and nefarious projects that were stolen, legal, and it didn't feel good to think that I walked into that. Look at the back cover with a pleasant memory of 28 days later just for Find a movie Will look and speak after that "I don't care about this much." This movie is the only worst movie I have ever seen. I didn't see anything by Ed Wood. But I am confident that this is worse If you are looking for a movie theater that is as serious as it is in the ten feet, it may be a headache. If not, I still recommend that you write the director personally and ask how he slept at night. However, if you are a type of person who laughs out of really bad things, I suggest you take a look. You will not be disappointed
