I can't believe that this movie was actually created. With the worst actors you can find the worst chapter written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and without losing the most time to watch I won't deny this because it's not really worth it. But I will definitely explain the details about the show and the story. For the story, it is very difficult to believe that this little mad schemer can do what she actually does. In fact, the wife is unable to protect himself from the small things. That the husband will be able to find an attractive nut box To allow the defense lawyer to violate all existing court rules and continue after the judge ordered the blank blankets to be closed And the end result of this movie is an insult to justice, movie codes and male species This form of regulation is to allow women to do as they want to kill the people they want to protect the killer and escape with it while the rotten men are in prison for innocent victims. It's hard to believe that Sollace Mitchell, a director and a man wanted to raise a ball like this. <br /> <br /> For the show: Jordan Ladd, a terrifying killer, a silly cartoon. yours (Is this allowed to go to court?) She bored me until the handle. One more look at her, brushing her eyes and showing that she is innocent and I will throw up. She was not attractive enough that the man would leave his wife. A husband who plays at a certain level by Vincent Spano seems to look and act stupid most of the time. He predicted much in his performance that fell into the trap that all women surrounded him. The worst thing is Holland Taylor. As a Defense Attourney, she acted throughout the story and mocked about justice. If she would skip my examination every time, I would tell her to go hiking. Everyone in this unbelievable movie is doing their job as scheduled. <br /> <br /> I wish I could rate this movie to zero. However, we are forced to start with 1, very bad. We don't have to suffer from watching movies like this again. Life can do better. I know. <br /> <br /> Here is the article: Make a mistake in opening this interesting movie accidentally. As soon as I saw Jordan Ladd bimbo, I knew that I had seen it before and didn't like it or she didn't just close the curse. But still need to increase my anger for people like Sollace Mitchell, the screenwriter But also directing this horrible movie No one saw that her / her message was a paid disease. Being sick and killing people is okay with this director / writer. Make all idiot species This man told you to do something painful. We are not that stupid and will speak to the movie that you call, which in this person's heart deserves to be dumped in the trash. <br /> <br /> And again, why will this loser appear ???? Can't you read this stupid and nasty movie comment? We are under the vision of bimbo Jordan Ladd all the time? Take her out on TV, movies and out of sight. She is scary in every word. Wee !!!!
