Christmas Eve and the lazy and surrender housewife Della (Kim Basinger) received a severe threat from a problematic and inappropriate husband. Leaving the twins on the bed, she goes out for the night for the last shopping fun at the local department store It was busy there, and finding a parking lot was almost impossible. Della expressed dissatisfaction with a motorist who parked in the second place. She left a lot of notes. Returning to her car after visiting the shop where she met the Yobs, the owner of the car that she left the note on, they were very angry and wanted to have fun with her. Della escaped with a swarm of murderers. Now they shot at her. She controlled the car and caused her problems to quickly grab her toolbox from the end of the car. She hid in an abandoned building. But soon was arrested before they tried to rape and kill her from her toolbox. She caused the head wounding wrench "Chuckie". She managed to escape again into the nearby forest in the fracas, one of the gang was Killed It just happened to the black man here tonight, worse for everyone involved with cat games and mice. The plot is similar to Lake Eden, pulling me here. But that is where the comparison ends This is a silly and dumb movie, a horrible drama and performed by everyone involved. Disney-Knight's twin eyes are scary to watch. Receiving money from the husband that is equally frightening As a plot film, it was completely telegraphed all the way, even in the early days. Della's cell phone was dead. In her credit card shop was canceled by her husband and she had no. Cash and Christmas Eve Now they will go with this thing. I wonder ??? The only surprising part of this $ hit is after killing the bad guy who has content in her magic toolbox. She wants Chuckie to f @ ck her if my jaw is not on the floor with the movie. This is bad Will certainly fall and be smashed to the ground Even the ending is messy, all the feminists who want their pound of meat will be utterly disappointed .. I don't think I will be disappointed anymore. But then I saw that Guillermo del Toro produced this carcass.
