So is this what the actress Kim Bashinger gave up? Umm ?? In order to tell the truth, the title of the movie is quite interesting that gets your attention and the reading story is simple. But with simplicity, strengths However, at the end of 'While you are away,' I do not care at all. Not a worse thing (Even if the audience is negative) but there is a better way of warming things But surviving late at night and unbalanced, the story of a weak housewife family trapped in the woods trying to fight for her life after she saw The death of a policeman who came to help her when she was hurt by the exchange with the punks in the parking lot. <br /> <br /> The problems here are in error and predictions are not short stories. various The delicate script is not well thought out. (Which is not very good when your plot has a little structure to hang out), so the tragic combination and many suspicious actions come to find ways in an endless event For a group of stereotypical followers (led by an unbelievable Lukas Hass as Canon) that threatens Basinger, they are less threatening. But hopelessly without hope Seeing Bazinger is screaming in a barren forest with a red tool box in her hand. (Do not ask me why?) The knocking of these functions becomes ridiculous because it does not cause tension or emotions? But instead of being clumsy, unreasonable because of the stupidity of the leader Basinger's performance is strong. But did not create much attention. Craig Sheffer appeared as her hot husband Strange that I can't take my eyes off my screen ?? Think to yourself that the red tool box is hypnotic. (Why do you have to carry it all the time) and what tools will you use to send the next gangster? Her choices are quite disappointing. Watching her changes through painful situations, when things are finally empty, because the tone is uncertain and the ending is something you can see many miles ahead. <br /> <br /> The direction is slippery. The flow of Susan Montford Because it is very tight (Which is the most effective thing throughout the feature) and taking beautiful pictures. <br /> <br /> There is no great shake. Don't ask you much time But I don't want to see it again However, with the combination of Joy Division, it made me grab a few of their albums.
