I don't want to compare Martin Scorsese's Cape Fear with the classic 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can't help. Not only am I a big fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck, who starred Cape Fear but when Scorsese combined the scenes from the movie Previous stories (Cady took the keys out of the dog's dying explosion) and even used Bernard Herrmann's score throughout the entire movie. He didn't give me many opportunities to compare because I couldn't help. Users will miss all the classic Cape Fear. When comparing Scorsese's Cape Fear model to classic classics, it was destroyed by the classics. But even if shooting a movie by himself is still not good. <br /> <br /> Now Wesley Strick and the screenwriter didn't just create the Cape Fear scene for 1962. They tried to do different things. Unfortunately, this is one of the problems of this movie disappearing, which is the crazy Max Cady and the original animal that came out for personal revenge. Max Cady, in the 1991 version, is a religious fanatic who releases "notes" Sam Bowden and those who Contact with his female side (Not his words, mine) disappeared, Sam BoDen stood up and strong, as seen in the Cape Fear Classic Sam movie that was found in 1991. The remake is very stupid, Magoo doesn't trust and doesn't like much. Even Mrs. Bowden is It's a completely different character. She is more crazy than Max Cady! The overall story changed - Sam was not a witness to Cady in court to allow him to go to jail as in the classic version. Now, Sam is Cady's former lawyer, Cady, wondering not to do everything possible. Cook and go out to "save lives". <br /> <br /> The overall story has changed and I am not so attached to it. But the overall script is weak as well. Other sub-plots are thrown into the mix, not just But only distracting from the bigger picture, they still can't write well This film has a straightforward and ridiculous scene filled with scenes that are indifferent and ridiculous that you can't be serious at all These aspects are taken from the dangerous and exciting nature that this movie should have. But they also get help from this department. <br /> <br /> Now, Cape Fear, the classic model, was filmed with special beautiful light. And the powerful, sensitive, powerful guidance combined with the cruelty that faces without causing excitement when the movie demands and feels dangerous throughout the story However, Scorsese was unable to do this in Cape Fear. His film made it a cookie cut in the early 1990s. There was no danger, no suspicious scenes and little style (unless you count the lights. Animation and Skyline style) Yes, there is horrible violence and some efforts are being taken to make Cape Fear bigger than the original. But it was empty and totally shocked But it's not scary. <br /> <br /> If everything isn't enough The performance wasn't great as well. Robert De Niro (nominated for an Academy Award for his performance) didn't start as well as Max Cady, but he was getting worse until he didn't get anything. In addition to laughing instead of fear at the end of this film The opposite happened to Jessica Lang and Mrs. Bowden's performance from doing too much for most movies in order to show fear and despair at the end. As Sam Bowden Nolte remains the same throughout the story: Beige Juliette Lewis (an Academy Award nominee) has the ability to play her role as Danielle Bowden. She was called to play a really stupid role and it was hard to like what we saw on the screen. <br /> <br /> It seems that this movie is often considered to be one of a few good remarks. And I can't find the cause I want to like it; I really do that - I mean, if there is a Cape Fear remake, I want to try that too - but I can't. There is nothing that can be great by itself and is crushed by the inevitable comparison with the original Cape Fear. I met Martin Scorsese's Cape Cape Fear as a terrible movie. The best thing about this movie is Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in supporting roles
