First of all, Kim Basinger really? Your rich banker husband, letting you alone in your beauty, should pay in cash for the house and you can't even wear a good shirt? I am a woman and yes I am going to come out and say - clean something, start with your hair. And while you are on it is Christmas Eve Buy a gift for your children ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the mall where many people park your car for 3 miles and cry about it throughout the walk and buy wrapping paper. In addition, the next time you decide to leave a nasty note for someone, don't sign your name. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Clearly, because Kim Basinger is the producer of this masterpiece, she wants you to feel bad with a poor white blonde woman. We understand that Alec Baldwin is a jerk but serious. Don't act as a horror movie after your own life. In addition, you are in your 50s, you will not have a twins, age 8, of course, and those names? Terry and Tammy A way to let your children grow up with the right opportunity to respect themselves. It is also a wonderful story to hear the characters in this movie call her beautiful or refer to her as "Girl" ... Obviously, Mr. Basinger talks about what happened in the script. It is also quite scary that no criminal can fight back. Obviously, Della's magic ninja skills are impossible to overcome. Her driving skills are quite good as well. This movie is very conservative, it hurts Wahhhhh! They spell your name wrong in a cup of tea. Or your husband put holes on the wall But what you can think of is buying a nail polish when you are at the mall instead of plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school, ready to buy the doll that you are watching. Boohooo! The fact that she refused to take off BRIGHT's coat while running through the woods screaming and destroying everything in her path proves my point - this woman is a moron. Who thought to grab the tool box from the car? But not their wallet, filled with identifying artifacts such as your address I never want the "bad guys" to be as successful as I watch this movie. Has anyone else caught the shirt? "African Americans" that blacks wear? Oh yes, go back and celebrate your eyes about the most popular cross pole in the movie. Don't waste your life for twenty hours. To do what Della can't think of what to do ... take care of your children and maybe brush your hair A powerful ballad at the end, although it is quite impressive, singing "I will go home on Christmas" in the rain, while your bloody hands cling to your wrapping paper as if you were della !
