According to rights should not have "The first part of the second blood" Original script for "First Blood" has John Rambo committed suicide at the end of this movie. But it changed so that he could live, not because the producer wanted to create a sequel But because the test audience found that the original ending was depressed However, some people think that the character is too good to lose because he ended up being the hero of two other films in the eighties, including the recently released fourth part. <br /> <br / > The official name of the film is "Rambo: First Blood Part II" but is commonly known as "Rambo". It begins with the name of the character in the prison, which he expects to be a crime he had committed in "First Blood" Although this is not too clear He was discharged from prison by Colonel Trautman, his former military commander, for a secret mission. Rambo returned to Vietnam to investigate the reports that POW Americans were still detained by the Communist regime. He is under strict guidance not to try to help prisoners or engage with the enemy. He will only be a quest for facts. <br /> <br /> The thing that Rambo doesn't know is that he was set up, not by Truthman, who showed courage, honor, and couldn't organize. Murdock's mission was to prove that no American prisoner in Vietnam was partly due to improve the relationship between the American and Vietnamese governments, partly because it would make his life easier. Unfortunately for Murdoch, Rambo discovered that not only But the Americans are still imprisoned But they are still being held in bad condition Of course, he is too many heroes to release them to their fate and try to help them. The rest of the film is a long battle between Rambo and a few allies. (Including beautiful Vietnamese girls) and evil communist soldiers and their Russian allies Of course, most of the evil ended in death, even though I was surprised to learn from the part. "Your trivia" that the total number of deaths is as low as 67. Sometimes it seems that Rambo tried to get rid of all. The Vietnamese army <br /> <br /> The sound of this movie is very different from the first episode. In "First Blood" Rambo is a crime without a doubt, although his responsibility for his crime will be reduced. From the intense provocation and his mental insecurity in "Rambo", he is a good American hero. A few years earlier, director George Pan Cosmatos created the "The Cassandra Crossing", a propaganda against the leftist right-wing anti-American, but Cosmatos had nothing to do if it was not versatile. "Rambo" proved that he could change hands. His right to be a pro-American rightist propaganda department One thing that two movies have in common is that the two films are not as good as laughing. <br /> <br /> "First blood" is flawed, but there are advantages as well. It's a gesture that the anti-war movement is partly to blame for the problems faced by Vietnamese veterinarians in adapting to civilian life. But at least this film tries to war about the attitude of society And the foundation of violence in society On the other hand, "Rambo" has very few virtues, except that the order of action is good enough to satisfy those who like it. Essentially, it is a genre of genocide revenge for Americans who are still suffering about the Vietnam War. Rambo battled the war again with one hand, and at this time the right side will win that. Charlie Cong <br /> <br /> At this point, there is no doubt that the film lovers (And it seems that there are more than 2,000 voters for ten stars) will conclude that I am a liberal pinko Far from the truth, I often hate communists as a dangerous ideology. What I don't like about this movie is not political. But it is a lack of subtlety and the suggestion that every solution, including ideological disputes, is to join every gun and try to kill as many people as possible. There is no attempt to understand the political complexity of Southeast Asia or why not everyone in this region is an American. For anti-communism, this film is a propaganda of a sledgehammer that has a very good communist style in turbulence itself - except that they refer to all the world's problems of capitalism or imperialism or modernization or whatever. That they don't like to compare with "Rambo", "The Green Berets" is a political analysis expertly 3/10
