While the original first blood had a distant time, it was at least exciting in some parts of Rambo: First Blood. Part II. The emphasis will change a lot with the actions of comic books. Reliability was totally rejected. Logic logic diving Stallone is so strong that he will no doubt succeed in his mission. Like those who act according to other desires at that time (such as Invasion USA, Commando, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II, canceling your own opportunities for true excitement. If you can tell from the word Rambo to get rid of hundreds of enemy soldiers, what will be left to thrill? <br /> <br /> Locked after the first movie event, John J Rambo (Sylvester) Stallone) offers Forgive if he will join a secret operation in the Far East for the year 1985, and have a mission to find out if any PoWs are still trapped in the forests of Vietnam. Rambo is encouraged to work by consultants. His grandfather, Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the assignment is actually the product of the government set fronted by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's work is just heading to a concentration camp in the woods and checking that there are PoWs of America or not? If not, he must meet with the chopper. If so, he will have to receive photographic evidence from their existence so that they will receive help later. Helping him in his mission is a woman with knowledge of local knowledge. Co Bao (Julia Nickson) is beautiful and rich. Of course, Rambo discovered that there was PoWs in the camp, but he exceeded his command by helping one of them? When he reached the meeting point, the rescuers helped him to leave Murdoch's orders, who didn't seem to find PoWs because of politics and military. Rambo was captured by enemies and tortured. But after fleeing the bomb, he freed the PoWs and avenged Murdock who betrayed him. <br /> <br /> The good point of this film comes from Jack Cardiff's polished, photographic Jerry Goldsmith's exhilarating score and The true professionalism of the stunt team in action comedy shows In addition to these little selections, this film is a failure. The actors will be reduced to male gestures, false plot, action sequences are soulless and irrational, the conversation is ridiculous? Even the violence can be predictable. At the time of the release of America under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man with a simple and near-hysterical anti-communist feeling, for this reason, contemporary audiences made the shooting festival. Commie-bashing This as if it were the greatest movie of all time changed into an unsuitable box office success. Fortunately, the time has changed? Today, we can see it as a simple action scene with a ridiculously high number of bodies, ridiculously stupid politics and a laughing hero.
