The ghost of the Vietnam War has haunted the American mind for over thirty years. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of American soldiers went to MIA in Vietnam or in the manner that people returned to be treated because it was the first war that America could say lost. Many men return home from the war as their own shadow in the past and the first blood that is managed to understand their small problems as they try to turn back into the world according to the words. In contrast, the First Blood Part II is more than a fist mess that shows how America hurt both in victory and defeat. Stallone once again played a stagnant role as a special forces commando unit with a high rank, while Richard Cranea tried to make the actors more serious. Everything that was canceled in the script, which did nothing better than when it was called Missing In Action and Chuck Norris, who now starred. The filmmakers decided to draw a large S on Rambo's huge chest. <br /> <br /> This movie was picked up after the end of the first blood. That movie is - the novel does not allow the possibility of the sequel. In this moderate follow-up, Rambo worked in what appeared to be an open-air mine. While he was destroying the rocks and sweating the guards, pulling him out and talking to Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government is willing to offer to release him first if he goes on a Rambo secret mission Never give up from the hard work of the day, accept and be sent to a secret base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot). Then he was commissioned to search for camps in America's MIAs. Clients detained and photographed them. His mission is quite clear, stating that he will not try to use safety to be released. However, Rambo is Rambo. There are other ideas, even if there are political consequences. <br /> <br /> Of course, things are quite bad when it appears that Rambo's employer is interested in making sure that There is no American to meet the MIAs. It is an ancient conspiracy theory and does not apologize for taking advantage of the fate of many American families that were left without a son in the last ten years. The official at the Vietnam War was raging with Jingoism certainly exists in American society in the 1980s, they could not help it. But working on touching the Vietnamese army in bed with what seems to be the only battalion of Russia Both opponents tried to retrieve the information they could get from Rambo. But it will shoot them with bullets, bullets, arrows, rockets and destruction About the only thing missing was the time when Rambo drank from the cup and announced that he was invincible. <br /> <br /> Speak straight. First Blood Part II is a good photo and has a good choreography. . Hand-to-hand combat with a large Russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that is extremely tense. The rest is just the case of leading actors and directors creating imagination for Americans. Fortunately, the American film über alles, the action movie, died shortly after the increasingly witty and intelligent war movie, such as the horse carriage segment. The killings shown here are creative, even with all the problems. Vietnamese commanders find the end that many villains will envy. The Russian commander bites it in an exciting manner as if it were ridiculous. Only in the 1980 action movie to see the laws used from within the helicopter. Of course, there are clichés that are in conflict with the truth. <br /> <br /> I gave Rambo: First Blood Part II, one tenth. It was terrible that it was ridiculous and ridiculous that it was funny. We don't need to serve in the army to know how stupid the action scenes are. The only risk is to try to create foolish political statements about what is miserable for those directly involved. Keep the tongue firmly in the cheek and it may be seen.
