The most outrageous action adventure for the first time. BLOOD PART II seems to capture the mood of the United States at the time of its launch in the mid-80s. Although the appearance of Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of "The Kingdom of Evil" in Moscow will make this type of movie redundant. Soon, even Reagan himself finally accepted this truth. <br /> <br /> Thank you most for 'Gorby', not a treaty. Disarming him with the US or his 'glasnost' policy or even his support of democracy that was restored to Eastern European countries in the former Soviet Union's backyard The diminishing of this stupid cold war adventure. The first RAMBO movie is almost perfect. But at least it is a thrilling action movie with knowledge and sufficiency, along with stories that are not too bad in this sequel. Confidence will be thrown immediately because of the silly senses. Planning and events that Rambo spent alone in scoring for the Vietnamese and Russian troops who died mercilessly for the rescue of American POW for ten years after the conflict ended with the American being defeated. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why this movie was a huge success at the box office was to let many Americans indulge in imagination. Ram But there are still unfinished businesses on hand The red as seen in the hardware as much as possible can fulfill the ideal ideals that are far away. <br /> <br /> This may be entertainment at the SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level. Like playing honestly No need to say that there is no humor in the movie. Unfortunately, it is a movie that is not all intended. Action scenes But technically enough, never having little confidence or persuasion because they are often in the most beautiful places Which is unbelievable in the context is that our hero Rambo is not always injured (In addition to wounds and bruises here and there) even with bombs, bombs, ammunition, etc. around him Boring Stallone, co-writer with James Cameron (The long way from the creator of the exciting terminator last year) seems to give Rambo a little character to speak in English that is understandable and just came out with a moral swearing, almost as if He invented his own brand that is understandable. But he may be his colleague. Cameron is thinking of The Terminator again. The lead character! In this sense, Rambo looks less human than a terminator! The remaining actors did a little better with good actors like Charles Napier and Richard Crenna doing the most admirable things with the conversation they received and Steven Berkoff hindered the role of the Russian villain KGB / Red Army. Berkoff's too many people are fun. But not terrifying from a distance, why did Sly survive the electric shock from Berkoff to kill those Red Commie? Reliability has never been the strength of this film. It is a fantasy work that is comparable to THE WIZARD OF OZ. At least WAS means to be a fantasy and immortal. Classic. The most tragic and truly disgusting, and for Cielel's words, the cunning top ... after killing all those people, right? In the same year he made ROCKY IV as well. <br /> <br /> Score: 3 out of 10
