Movies that seem endless that deserve to be zero The place seems easy enough: Yentl, a girl interested in studying Talmud, wants to go to school. But only the children were allowed to study, so after the death of her father, she decided to disguise herself as a child to go inside. She made and became close friends with Avigdor, who would marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Knowing the suicide of Avigdor's brother and the wedding was called out. Yentl, now calling himself Anschel, was chosen to marry Hadass. A complete Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor missing a couple of days and Yentl / Anschel reveal her secrets to him. The movie ends with Avigdor returning to (and getting married?) Hadass and Yentl are going to America to continue their studies, even if she has to continue with disguise. <br /> <br /> An interesting story at first. For movies that are longer than 2 hours, but there are many things that destroy it. For those who started to have constant singing (I can hear the critics shouting) Yes, I know that this is a musical drama, so there should be a lot of music and dance numbers. But this movie may be updated if directed and played without them Boring music for a while and dancing is not as much as you think. There are many songs that are remembered without lyrics that are really memorable and any song that can be easily replaced with sound. There is only one song that stands out from the rest. "Papa Can You Hear Me" It is clear that most others are deliberately placed so Streisand may have reason to show off her singing ability every five to Ten minutes The chance that everyone will see this movie will know that she is a great singer and actress, so the song is not really necessary. <br /> <br /> Second, the makeup of Streisand, which can be seen in the scene of She, as a man (increased lipstick, eyelashes, and clear blushes), convinced viewers in Yentl / Anschel characters that she was actually serious and fooled by new friends, colleagues and even Hadass. That she was a man But we were asked and expected to believe that It seems that there is a conflict as her character speaks or sings. She doesn't think she can pull it out. But was surprised that everyone seemed to be deceived because she wore men's clothing Which means that we expect to believe that other characters are so naive that they cannot see other differences, such as her actions which are clear rewards Can not combine the difference of the face only because other characters in the movie mention some of their male relatives or friends who do not have beards or other facial hair. However, in 1900, if a woman dressed as a man But wearing as much makeup as Streisand's character did and still trying to pass himself out as the only man because she wore men's clothing would be considered unacceptable and caused rape opportunities that she might be forced To leave the city or even the country Therefore, "feminine" makeup on Streisand does not give the credibility of the characters and only make weaknesses. If it is used to make Streisand look more beautiful, it should be cut. <br /> <br /> Third, when Yentl / Anschel reveals himself who she is at the end, we will be asked to believe that other characters That is not as smart as Streisand and when they learn "the truth" they are a little smarter At this point, it became clear that the whole plot was called to nothing more than a car made for Streisand to refuel. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are fans of Streisand who will Found that there was no fault with the film, story or song For those I have to disagree with While she has excellent voice and acting abilities, I'm not a "fan" of her singing style. However, I have enjoyed all of her other features, including musicals. There are even some songs that I like, so I am not "Hate" and didn't intend to beat her I have written this review from an honest perspective from people who try their best to watch this movie many times and observe internal problems. If Streisand is interested in making a great movie or convincing, she can do this. Without showing the need and proving that she has the ability, beauty and intelligence in almost every round This film does nothing more than hurt her abilities, making her look obsessed and making this film a joke that is not worthy of her fans or viewers.
