Michael Williams, who worked for the BBC, found a very impressive Italian image mixed in the contents of his ongoing work called DIABOLICAL ART: A DOCUMENTARY, but because his wife died, the daughter of She, Emily, was emotionally disturbed, so he went to Spolet, a problematic image with her and her brother, Jill. And there was a Countess who was also a psychopath, and she told him that the image was created at night, in which the little witch named Emilia was executed Michael doesn't believe her story. But after that, Emily had a severe spasm and Jill was killed ... This film of Italy certainly was influenced by innocent innocent people. But this story is much cheaper, much easier and in this movie Feeling very dirty First of all, it should be said that this movie is full of confusion. For example, the story shows that Emily is Emilia's spirit. But when Emily saw her in the incident, she looked at her from the perspective of a third person. But if she is Emilia's reincarnation, she should and must see the past from anything other than Emilia's perspective. Confusions of this film, many of which are almost based on the fact that the problem is that the movie This story is too cowardly, rather than being confused to identify a pattern like - Freudian himself is a teenage girl who wants one way. To make matters worse, this movie has problems. look (If not confused); Every character is innocent and too powerless to be true and / or reliable. About Emily (Or Emilia) She is every child and can say that it is difficult to blame her for her innocence and powerlessness. (And according to Freudian's theory, every woman wants to have a child of her father in her own way. In this sense, Emily is not only But the pathology, the only way to exclude other women from her father's love is to have a pathological problem. As I have already said, this movie is too cowardly to be a Freudian. The problem is that the adult character looks innocent, innocent and powerless like Emily. And because of the weakness of this kind, even those who can see almost anything, can not do anything to the ground, and because of the same weakness, the story of the film ends with a bad escape In addition, the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although the songs of Stelvio Cipriani are beautiful, noteworthy (Of course, this song is so good that it seems worth it to be alone). Overall, the movie has nothing but cheap B movies that can disappoint even the 70s-Italy-horror-favorite movies.
