MTV-style film crew consists of American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), Australian photographer Cecily (Kate Fisher), Australian and two divers, Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West). Well, somewhere, it wasn't really revealed. The crew planned to shoot the exposure in 'bloodsurfing' which is clearly the latest craze in extreme sports Surfers throw the bait into the sea and slit themselves to attract sharks just to see if they can surf without eating. They were greeted by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Africa). Finding the perfect place will lead them to a shark that smells of Lilo-Cay Sonny, Melba and Lemmya ( Maureen Larrazabal) Their daughter took them on board. Shortly after arriving and after filming the movie 'bloodsurfing', then Sunny Melba and Salem were killed by a 30-foot saltwater crocodile that some people say 'Owning' the island. The ship is sinking. Zack, Cecil, Bob and Jeremy appear on the island until the time when the rescue party arrives. However, after working with some people, I don't know what it is. Pirates? Drug smuggler? Revolutionairies? Obviously obese people who don't like being with other people or who knows? And more importantly, who? Certainly not me However, after escaping from these pirates, they will be picked up off the coast of the island by Captain John Dicks. (Duncan Marie Geh) and Arty's daughter (Taryn Reif is Tara Reif). The movie team believes that they have survived. They knew little that the crocodiles and captain Dirk traveled back and he had points in the decision and four members of the film team wouldn't stop him. Captain Dirks headed back to Lilo-Cay to face the final with the Gators. <br /> <br /> Directed by James DR Hickox is an awesome movie. But it's not as bad as Tobe Hoopers Crocodile (2000). Everything about this movie. Sam Bernard's and Robert L.VV's script were terrible, very slow, because the crocodiles had never seen or talked about 30 minutes before and at that time I was bored and annoyed with the ugly characters thought by Bernard and the movie collection are also disappointing. Within the first 10 minutes everyone is familiar with horror and stock characters can guess who is dead and who? Will survive The crocodile effect is scary and seems to be repeated. There is a small dummy head that obviously has some people sticking in the arm inside. It controls its movement when the water splashes into a large cube! The CGI image of the crocodile looks embarrassing. There is nothing more striking than when the character is half-bitten, which uses CGI to digitally remove the actors' legs. It looks terrible. In addition, there is a short scene when someone has pointed a stick when trapping. There are a number of reasonable nudity and sex, including good and comfortable actresses. There is a basic continuity and logical error in the movie as well. In the same order, Cecil is filming the movie. Bog's bloodsurfing and Jeremy, but from the angle and distance Time and of course is the whole point of her shot? When the Dirks deal with the crocodile harpoon, the angle of the wire changes dramatically during a single shot. The angle of the line seems to come from the sky in a straight shot after a completely different angle and looks like a line. Came from under the water surface when actually the harpoon was attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost at the surface level Can I walk like a crocodile jumping down a cliff if it's smart enough to try to make it out? But I may exceed the limit of 1000 words. If I list everything that is wrong with this movie, so I won't. I hate this movie But rather scary, it is not as bad as the efforts of Tobe Hoopers at the giant crocodile movie One that is definitely to avoid
