After three times, I still do not know what this movie is about, because it really does not create real interest or concern. But here it goes: The group is too old to be a Teen Actors teenager dressed in a horrible 1980s fashion. (Did we look like that?) Decided that it was a really good idea to get on a motorboat. And visited the abandoned Alcatraz After one of them had a nightmare of people who had been killed in various horrific ways, which dealt with the destruction of the POLTERGEIST, THE EVIL DEAD, and Freddy Kreuger at one time. Dim also portrayed himself as being burned. On the open fire, along with people with unusual shapes, some people cut the tenderloin. The good thing is that it is only a dream or may be painful, and the good thing of his dream is the proper technique and budget. Usually, I'm quite weak: girls, space ships, bombs, items with guns, tanks, etc. <br /> <br /> Once on Alcatraz Island, they found themselves in the Slasher movie and met Tony Basil. Can't help to break into the double choreography and have her light team. (Along with the smoke pumps for smoky smoke in 1980 which made me miss you) and so reminded me that Ms. Basil helped design David Byrne's choreography from Talking Heads for his videos and performances. Of course, this story has nothing to do with this movie. But can imagine because this movie poses very little to think of It is happening and you can watch or work with your web page markup with the TV set on the side. But because this film is not really interesting, you have to decide to finish the last thing instead of wasting time. This movie will end and you will find yourself wondering what you missed every time you knew. That the credit starts If you want to go back again ... <br /> <br /> * Some stories * Horror movies in the 1980s can survive with special viewing: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & Killbots is difficult. Will ignore CREEPS and others - SLEEPAWAY camps that are top-rated. They are movies that don't like or need your attention and are often rewarded with good blood or T&A and typed in your work as evidence that you Watching TV instead of keys Ford I'm sure your HELL ISLAND (according to the British version, I took the name) that there are some good things in it, but I really do not care. And there is nothing more annoying than encountering different types of art that do not inspire admiration. Some people dislike or hate honest people This movie is a content that takes 80 minutes, regardless of what you do and never doing anything beyond being a distraction, even with my best efforts in trying to give you a chance. But without dice <br /> <br /> The unusual design of the production has occurred. The use of light is sometimes outstanding, and the occasional explosion of mayhem causes fans of Teen Horror in 1980. Interested in the rest of you will be reminded: You will wonder if you dress like in 1987 and the answer is more ugly than anything that happens on the screen. Try to see it as a free rental if possible. If you are disappointed, you're not stuck with a damn story: this kind of movie eats up valuable shelves that are often in commodities. Today the world will come to an end & all ...
