In the late 1980s saw a supernatural horror rash that was set in a dark prison. The courage and moody of Renny Harlin's "Prison" makes the ball rolling. It followed immediately, followed by a clear "chair" John Crusaders of the trash "Death house", "mental destroyer", "mental destroyer" passable psychosis and hopeless exercise. <br /> <br /> Your usual annoying collection for college students who hate hateful thieves leads to an indomitable sacrifice. Alex (Alex Nicholas Celozzi) goes to the Alcatraz island to check for strange situations. Around Sammy Mitchell, Rock Star (played by T Oni Basil, from the famous "Hey Micky") Alex's brother, is possessed by the evil demonic spirit of a brutal US military cavalry commander and continues to have fun killing, which is expected to force Alex to overcome His flair and stand against this evil. <br /> <br /> Even though it was filmed by Nicholas Von Sternberg, it had a good piece and a terrifying atmosphere. (This film was filmed in a horrible place, the ruins of Alcatraz Island). However, "Slaughterhouse rock" doesn't have to be cut. It is a scary and powerful feature. This is mainly due to the disgusting and unimaginable smartaleck character, which is a tedious group that is ridiculous and ridiculous that proves to be more scary than amusing. The show was flat from the actors who were not clearly interested in more pain with friends playing "Playboy" only once and denying the super cute blonde pie. Hopefully Marie Marie Carlton acted as an imitation of the annoying Linnea Quigley. The special direction of Dimitri Logothetis shows the style of the image that looks shiny. But the tone was pitched uninterrupted between the terrible grim and the stupidity, the most terrifying and annoying folly of Ted. The internal logic needed to create a profound story even possible from a distance In other words, this smelly person succeeded in making 90 minutes seem like a prison sentence in a movie theater that had been pulled out barely.
