Wow. I don't really need to comment on the movie recently, but this one, especially begging for Beatdown, starts at the beginning. The first step for the screenwriter, Susan Montford, to make Kim Bazinger take on the role of an old victim who is tired with an inappropriate husband. To be said at the moment that almost all of the content in this boring movie has been hacked and completely boring. Montford's pathetic effort in showing symbols related to Christmas trees without stars is laughing. <br /> <br /> When she goes out for a Christmas gift wrap in a dark night and is a Della harbinger. Very angry that some people parked on the floor The busiest shopping area of ​​the year She decided to do something about this, so she left a nasty message on the windshield. The next fifteen minute movie is dedicated to Della. Walking around without aiming in a department store. Finally, when she reached her car, the thugs confronted the note. The police were killed and she ran and they caught her and she escaped and they chased her continuously. Everything was completely predictable. And not relevant The thugs are not scary or scary at all, and they are chosen one by one in the usual way. <br /> <br /> This is one of the movies in which all the actions depend on the character that is. Stupid as you can imagine Why are bad people not only But killed her instead of waiting for her to hit them with a rubber tire outside me And once in a movie like this one time, the leader of the crowd must die? How important is it that they are chosen one by one when they are all unequal? Most movies include Lukas Haas running around in the forest, singing "Della !!!" and the combination of Joy Division on the soundtrack of this film is an insult. <br /> <br /> The part that makes me work. With the keypad, my computer is when Della is tired and painfully crying out to heaven. "Where are you, God? "Actually, it's a god when this movie was created? I only gave 2 movies because of the light and ability and it wasn't as bad as the 'BTK Killer' which is the best sign for scary movies. Cheers!
