Witchcraft / Witchery / La Casa 4 / and others you want to call How about .. Compressing <br /> <br /> The gathering of people at the resort on the island of Massachusetts is enclosed by the black magic power of the evil witch that kills each person using the method. The cruel and tortured photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) is shooting for Linda (Catherine Hickland, who has a voice and gesture similar to the EE-YOR of the Winnie the Poo cartoon), which is a pure witchcraft witch at an island resort without receiving Allowed Rosenberg Brooks (Annie Ryu Moss portraying an incredibly rude bitch) interested in buying a resort and along with Freddie. (Robert Champagne, who is a younger woman than him) Jane's daughter Linda Blair Tommy (Michael Manchester, who looks boring, probably wants to see Sesame Street instead. As an actor in this garbage) by boat to the resort for treatment. Look at the property by Tony Giordano's son (Rick Farnsworth). Obviously being a puppy in the business makes his feet wet. Along with these people is the architect Leslie (Leslie Cumming, a nympho character) who may help Rose design a new resort. The captain of the ship was killed by The Lady in Black (Hildegard Knef wore makeup and extra thick lips) and the storm was splashing. The boat drove out by itself (.. led by the invisible power of The Lady in Black. I guess) with everyone trapped in a deteriorated resort that needs to be severely repaired. Most victims, before meeting their horrific fate, were led through a red wormhole that led to another dimension (perhaps perhaps hell or something) that they were right in. Tortured by the demonic. One victim had sown her mouth before being hung upside down in a grilled chimney like everyone else. A fire broke out. A poor spirit was tortured by twisting the rope around her. The first thick was found hanging from the otter's nose that penetrated her neck. A friend is slowly breathing, while his blood vessels (.. and bleeding) and the blood vessels of the neck suddenly burst into Hasselhoff's face! A friend was pinned by a nail, nailed in his hand before being hung upside down on the open flame. Blair is a victim with her hair standing, ending with the voice of another woman. One was raped by this demonic man with the mouth of "disease" while the evil homeless person stood nearby with delight. This film, though there is too much. But it's a boring animal feed for those who want to see the lowest point in Hasselhoff and Blair's career, which deserves more Barely able to tolerate it, sometimes creating a little suspense Execution of a disrespectful order that looks cheap and ridiculous. Of course, some blood is fine. But most movies show victims after they are called in. We were given the opportunity to see a pregnant woman (.. that looks like a puppet in a dress with a bad wig) jumped out of three layers Oh and the reflecting face of The Lady in Black often appears on an inanimate object for the character to see. Tommy has Sesame Street, a small recorder that records jumbo jumbo jazz tunes of The Lady in Jumbo that are used later. For some reason, The Lady in Black likes to visit Tommy. The little one doesn't fear her because Tommy is tired of showing his face and less afraid. Do I want to talk again? This person has a real foul smell. Ugh.
