There are many different versions of this model floating around, so make sure you can find one of the copies without ranking. Otherwise, some scenes with nudity and nudity may disappear. Some models also cut most openings and other bits here and there. The part that I saw was named on the screen of WITCHCRAFT: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and published by Shriek Show, which still maintains the original screen name of the US for the DVD release. It is a good looking print and seems to have all the images. But there is a problem of cropping / ratios in Italy, launched in the name LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two LA CASA launches are actually the first two films of EVIL DEAD (retitled) and the third LA CASA is a movie. Another story of the same manufacturer (Filmirage), which is well known in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make it more confusing, WITCHERY was released elsewhere, such as GHOSTHOUSE 2, except in Germany where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is THE OGRE: DEMONS 3. OK, I'm better off just now. I started to confuse myself. <br /> <br /> No matter what the name is, some things are good, but it's not really good. I got into this movie in the first half. But after that it became nonsense A large, empty hotel and located on an island about 50 miles from Boston is a place because many people have been chosen by the German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef) photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff) who wants to capture "Witch Light". And the great writer girlfriend (Leslie Cumming), who is studying spells, is secretly visiting the hotel without permission. Jerry Real Estate Agent (Rick Farnsworth), who shows property to potential buyers. Rose (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks also tagged along as their children; Jane's pregnant daughter (Linda Blair) and Tommy, a very young son. (Michael Manchester) including architect Catherine Hickland, Hasselhoff's wife. At that time, when everyone was inside, their boat driver was killed (hung) and the boat was Lost so they found themselves trapped and in the mercy of "Lady in Black". <br /> <br /> So what you expect to find here is a lot of dissatisfaction! One of the characters had their lips closed, was closed and was hung upside down in the fireplace and roasted slowly by mistake by the rest of the actors. There is also a crucifix, a witch eating a dead baby, an otter through the head. Someone ignites the possession of Sesame Street. A tape recording of a virgin is raped by some demons, bulging blood vessels and bombs. Thank you. From a technical point of view, it is a movie that has a good look, has a good score and a good thrust effect. The hotel / island setting is quite good. Blair (especially at the end) and Ross both seem to be having fun and Knef is great like an evil witch. Although people like ridicule Hasselhoff today, he is not bad in his role as well. <br /> <br /> At the bottom, despite all the blood, this movie seems to be quite boring and it is boring. After about an hour, the supernatural theme is confusing and confusing as well. When the character is swept into a hidden witch to torture and kill, the filmmaker decides to stack the actors screaming unintentionally into a stupid red-curled effect that looks fantastic and The hiding place of the witch is empty and is designed with unfinished wood. And while most of the actors are at least appropriate, some performances (especially "actors" who act as Hussie Hoff's girlfriends and children) are terrible. As
