Try to separate the political correctness and look at this story in terms of many sex stories that came out in the 1980s because I didn't think that this would be better or worse than anything else unless you were A religious person or a cowardly woman, you may be able to see stupid movies like this without having to pay attention to the content at all, and personally I have a feeling of innocence before and after. Viewing crate The story is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico, where a 15-year-old boy named Phillip "Phillip" Philor (Eric Brown) has him in hell and begins to investigate. Who just started working for his father <br /> <br /> ***** Alert Spoiler ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly With Philly, but everything got hot when his father left town to do business and she started to flirt with him to the point that She invited him into the bedroom to see her clothes. Philly was uncomfortable and didn't know how to respond at first. But soon he went for it and had sex But more than his horror, Nicole seems to have died of a heart attack! With the help of a lazy driver, Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman), they seem to bury her. But the message from Blackmailer appeared and Philly had to get $ 10,000 from the safety of his father. Philly was shocked when Nicole showed up and he knew that all was an extortion plan that Lester had set and she went. Because she is an illegal alien and if she does not do what she says, Lester will call the immigration office They helped bring their father's money back before he returned home and they asked Jack for help. (Ed Beckley, Jr.) who is a tennis instructor But pretending to be a police officer to lure Leicester. <br /> <br /> This little comedy movie made less than $ 3 million, but it earned over $ 50 million worldwide and made it one of the movies. Which has the least chance of that very successful period, which makes me wonder why this film has gained popularity. Director Alan Myerson can show off that he created a popular movie But the fact is that he has never had a career in the film industry, although he is very successful on television. So ... why is this successful? I have thought that it might be because Kristel and before you decided that I was crazy to listen to my reason. Kristel was a foreign star because of her soft core film, so the only reason that many freelance adults want to know. Would like to see about watching her in an American movie that is being released with extensive samples When that happens, the same adult will think about his past and imagine how to teach the courageous methods of an attractive old woman, which makes younger audience members who are still inexperienced and curious about the movie. this However, that's my opinion and if anyone has another reason I like to hear it. But back to the movie itself, it's clear. (And very sad) that movies like this may not be able to do again (Except in Europe) because of religion, rights and other intelligent extremism that can not be satisfied with the fact that young children are placed will not do any harm. In fact, it is a valuable service that every child People praying will happen to them! The movie itself is clumsy and Kristen's body is clear in some scenes, especially if you carefully record the nipples' differences. Stories (even if it's an interesting basic form) aren't funny. Revealed, therefore remaining ogling the nude scene that is the norm for the genre.
