This film is a forgotten star in the 1930s. Jack Pearl (Baron Munchausen) from radio and Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, it was billed as a three-stooges movie because They are the only people in the movie that people will recognize today. Movie lovers will remember Edna May Oliver and Zazu Pitts. Excellent. <br /> <br /> For the Stooges, this is the movie from the beginning before MGM had an idea of ​​what to do with the team. At this point, they are known as "Ted Healy and His Stooges". Healy is the front man. Good luck for the Stooges. See what I mean) and the rest history Within a year, they were very successful with Columbia and the executives at MGM began to kick themselves because of losing the team. This is a typical incident at MGM, a great studio that doesn't know what to do with comedy. (Eg Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others) In fact, until they traveled to Colombia, MGM made them play in a number of strange movies, including performances with Clark. Gable and Joan Crawford in DANCING LADY and weird in this movie, they don't act as a team - they support many things like Larry playing the piano! <br /> <br /> The film begins with Pearl and Durante who are defeated in the African jungle when they are rescued and brought home. The feeling of the entire structure in this film is broken and the film becomes Like variety shows - separated by scenes that are leaders here and there For Pearl, I can truly see why he never succeeded in switching to movies because he had a personality that was his own personality. For Durante, I never knew that people saw him. In any matter - as far as his film is concerned - he is loud and ... loud! Obviously he spent his free time helping MGM destroy the career of Buster Keaton in order to create this film. Pearl and Durante rely on verbal (?) Humor and Vaudeville style routines that tend to be somewhat flat. /> <br /> In this movie, the Stooges that they haven't yet had the proper chemistry, seeing Healy doing the work that Moe did in their next movie is strange. What they do in this movie is quite good. But since all of the segments are short, they turn on and off the camera too soon to allow them to enter their routine. Stooges fans may be very disappointed in this, even if the die-hard fans may want to see this for Allowing them to achieve their lifelong goals in seeing all of Stooge's films, even the movies Joe De Rita and Joe Basser Poor after the death of Shem and Alon) <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is quite boring and frustrating. However, there are some interesting things to look for in a mess. At the sign for about 13 minutes, you will see a short scene where the tour guide on the bus is singing. Look carefully because this is Walter Brennan in a role you never expected! Another unusual thing to look for in a movie is the song "Clean as a Whistle", starting at about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is an example of a scene called "Pre-Code" that was never allowed in the movie after 1934 (when the production code was strong) despite the word "clean" in the title, but It is a very exciting figure for naked women who show a lot of meat - enough to stimulate. But not enough to really show anything! It was quite shocking to see today, although such anomalies were common in the early 1930s. Finally, when the 63rd minute mark, look at Jimmy Durante, causing racial relationships back in a few decades. Watching the movie, you'll see what I mean!
