It turned out as I expected: too much vision But nothing added to the original The thing that surprised me was that the story was quite changed compared to Flick 1968. At first, this thing awakens my attention. But what surprised me finally was twists and turns (a) was invented to show us the typical Hollywood product, and (b) make the whole story impossible! The story of the year 1968 is a straightforward story that is remarkable and does not include any storms or mistakes: only states that when you go home after a long journey, things may change a bit. For example, the world may fall into the hands of monkeys. Like many old movies, it is the main ingredient that must be suspected. (Hell, no one understands that word today) in the Burton movie. This story is trying to turn everything into action movies. But how much does it cost? Of course, the picture is full of time and money in the design of a complete monkey culture. (Even the monkey song!) But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, the suspension Unbelief is very difficult because the monkey looks like a lot of people - Hollywood. I specifically refer to Ari and the slave traders. These characteristics include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and open emotional expression. It makes you forget that monkeys are monkeys that are important. <br /> <br /> Secondly, humans talk. Of course we can imagine that humans will never forget how to speak. But the fact that monkeys have words and humans do not make humans / humans change their roles tangible and stressful. In 1968, a wound in the neck that Charlton Heston was needed for his survival and words His later needs to be unique and interesting that Dr. Sira is in him. (As such, there is no need to have things to describe things.) <br /> <br /> Third, the fact that they speak advertising is very unbelievable. But it is necessary in a new movie because Capt Davidson must play Hollywood - try to save the whole world and have a good ending for everyone and still make it a lounge bar for cool coke food. Oh God, they won't learn. or I am new from the beginning when there is only one man lost! They need a hero! Then the author gave the reason: We need a man ... So why is a man lost ... because he tried to help the monkey from an electromagnetic storm ... Unbelievable! But it's necessary because it shows the audience that he respects the monkey! Due to the current and political correct times, we cannot have ape-hater ape-hater, such as 68 Charlton Heston characters on screen: let them have a painted version! <br /> <br /> Fourth, ok General twist of the original 'Discover the Truth' of the 1968 movie is a modern version. (He found his own mother's boat on the earth many years ago and their lab developed their society that Heston had just discovered. The monkey came to the world while he was away) to do well. The second part, the fight came as an anti-max. That is because this film has added the movie Planet Of The Apes. The first two stories in one story, try well, but the coolness that you feel when Davidson and you discover that he was lost on the planet forever, just washed away because of the battle. <br /> <br /> Fifth: Ending !!! Anyone who thinks that way (a) Davidson crashes twice with his escape pod, which seems to be an unstable object while the chimpanzees manage beautifully. Come, who will believe that? If the pod is a really small spacecraft (Davidson flew out into space at the end) and not just the rescue boat, he might manage to land safely at least once, right? And the ending? ??? I mean, in the original movie, it's clear that everything is happening on Earth, but here: All the movies are happening on a distant planet and suddenly there is a monkey culture. (Like having a Thade statue) on the world ??? Why did the monkeys of the planet go beyond technological evolution, flew in time storms and colonial worlds before Davidson's mission began? Why is the worship of Thade? Stupid, stupid, stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is cute and beautiful like a monkey. But I expect no less I like the female monkey that is above Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I have a loose wire in my head. General, but I forgot his name. <br /> <br /> Nonono has many things that should and should have been added / converted into 1968, but not a plot, at least not in that manner. It's simple and clear and doesn't need to be explained further. The cheeks and tongue are tongue-shaped. Don't do everything modern ...
