If you are going to take care of children, make sure they are not near the cemetery. Especially if the child said that there is a habit of drawing blood-filled pictures and disappearing at night in the grave to see her 'friends', but our long-haired heroine does not pay attention to all signs. Nortons, her family, including a strict father and a stupid brother who became an interesting love for our shepherds. More frightening than the zombie gang outside is the tendency of the actors to speak, even if their lips are not moving and for words that do not match the movement of their mouths. Having torn eyes and the orchestra will not shut up in every scene, even the quiet ones Oh and the editors are resting for a day to follow the way that the movie drone is running. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be better if everyone involved had a quiet life, the smell they wanted and Go AWOL. Yes, I know it's hard to watch movies today. But this type of starting point is not one of your resume that you want If being like a worker on a training farm that has confidence in attacking chickens The story of one of the worst performances ever played by Laurel Barnett and another story that is not as good as the actress Rosalie Cole (in the next Dakota, she can't). We have received things that have already passed for the highest point. <br /> <br /> This thing involves five or six members of our innocent obstruction. While a bit of a rough her. One shotgun and whatever he can put his hand on Before one minute .. they were in the car and they accidentally discovered that the creature found the horn's sound so they drove them away when they heard it. Are they in a safe place? Of course, they ran to this abandoned building in a remote location, so the doctor was able to prove that he was a woman who acted as something that could act like she was having a intellectual problem. <br /> <br /> Finally The film is closed. It doesn't end. Just stop grinding. The main character goes back to her car, which is full of fake blood, as if nothing was terrible. But my dear audience has something terrifying to happen. You just sit and watch one of the most boring and boring horror movies you have ever seen and died 82 minutes. You will never get back. Just think .. many years from your death. You exchange hours and 22 minutes to spend time with your family. Sadly, it's too late for me. You don't make mistakes too: (2/10
