Yes, AWA's wrestling. Everyone will forget the unreal story. First of all, they have a short interview named Marty Neal, creator of "Rock n Roll". Buck Zumhofe looks like a nasal person. And it was Gene Okerland that when he was "mad like a wrestler" would say "time out" or "okay, come back well" acting like he was crazy but actually sounds compulsive After he went to WWF, Ken Resneck replaced his tent. It seems that the old week soup is stuck. It's a very good interviewer. "George" Jimmy Garvin called my face which caused me to fall. Laughing chair After he jumped on the boat, Larry Nelson came up on the boat, which he was so bad that Phyllis George would develop! Then there was Doug McLeod, the best wrestling announcer ever to make every race excited about his hit description! He then received more compensation by the Minnesota hockey team above the star. At the balance, those who can forget Roger Kent, who pronounces wrong words and sentences, are historically the same as when a big wrestler. "He's a big man!" Punch or kick in courage "Correct in the pants target" or when kicking "He throws him" or "Where" should order the drill. "After Nick Nick Bockwinkle Nick Bockwinkle uses helpless rival (Roger right like you care!) For eco-friendly money (WWF), they have Rod Trongard, who has an excellent publishing style. But different, for example, when a wrestler copies his boot across his forehead, he says "Opposite the front-e-lobe" or when the wrestler is in "Him in a bad way", he will also say that the worst wrestler, the most brutal, most brutal, scientist is here in AWA! (No extra money, Verne Gagne!) After he left (WWF) Larry (Wheres Phyllis?) Nelson took over and I would talk to other people or ignore him. (WWE clever didn't catch him!) Greg Gagne also has the most ugly wrestling boots I've ever seen, the yellow of what I did. In addition, when he looks for a tag, he seems to want to take it with him so that he can run to the nearest bathroom! Jumpin J im Brunzell is a great planner that you wonder why Greg is his partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) is a famous wrestler. But you wonder why Verne won him (Puhleeeeze!). Then when Vince McMahon hired the workers of the Gagnes, he would make them fight squash. I like to see the family. Gagne says real wrestling now!
