The little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the countryside. This little girl, Rosalie, is prone to psychosis because this film opens with feeding kittens for animals in the cemetery and recently. Her mother lost consciousness. But when enjoying the forest throughout the night The location of the film has a new girl coming to Rosalie to take care of her. She is introduced to the wickedness of the forest while driving and imagines the suspicion here. Fell to the side of the cliff to stop her car until death in the path From there, she went to the nearest house and discovered that Whitfield had explained so much about Rosalie and her family. The true intention expressed by Mrs. Whitfield's character must be faith. The girl met with the child and we immediately realized that not only was she strange but everyone in this movie was very strange as well. They all share the same things that no one has heard in the acting school. None of these people can do it - as seen in a few vehicles that appear in movies either before or after - and everyone seems like they have a little idea of ​​what happened, stop remembering the line and all. Confidence of paper bags The director lamented the content slowly, along with this terrifying piano song, arrived here and there was something terrible. We spent a moment before we reached the murder a few times by a monster friend. But at that time I was not interested The murder is also unbelievable, and the truth can be said that this movie seems to have passed on to their friends' farms with people and things. There, everyone is said that the ending has some sense. Creepy corners, even though we have not learned one thing that is disgusting why Rosalie is so, or more importantly, a living thing with a cheap mask. Cheap, did not start to explain the budget here too. In general, it is a few old farm houses and some of them disappear and of course the forest. Someone borrowed two old car directors too. There are no special effects at all and it is the minimum makeup only. There are many guffaws / ridiculous moments to show. But I will only list a few here, at the very least, causing me to laugh gently from the lack of talent from the relevant creative powers: 1) See the body of the gardener after he "kills" the lane coming in and sees He dissected and you can see his belly alive. 2) The scene that is dying at the end of the actress Rosalie is killed. She looks like she is listening to the advice and takes her sweet time to die when considering the method. 3) Then the guy who plays Roaslie's father gives Andy Griffith the poor of the poor. The scene in which he laughed about the scouts was going to hoot. The child is a terrible and terrible movie even with the standards of the 70s if you want. This is not a movie B, but like the movie Z, with producer Harry Novak not making money.
