The picture of Kibbutz's impure life. <br /> <br /> This film is a cultural story about the life of a boy in Kibbutz. But is a general demonstration of the destruction of the Kibbutter life During the first two minutes of the film, the dairy cow was in charge of the cow raping his calves. And it falls from there in terms of the characters that represent "kibbutznikim" In addition to the two main characters, the girl with clinical depression and her youngest son, everyone in Kibbutz, is a wicked caricature. <br /> <br /> The story focuses. Focusing on the Kibbut people, like some doctrines, slowly drag their mother and son deep into despair and the inevitable consequences. There is no happiness, no joy, no laughter in this Israel. Every character / situation represents a terrible secondary human distinction, such as hatred for women, hypocrisy, violence, doctrine of oppression. A handsome European man aged 12 years? His brother is a typical Kibhattu boy who has a brutal appearance and personality. He focused on making foreign volunteers lose more than the health of the dying mother. He treats these volunteers like trash. After his brother begged him to visit a dying mother whom he had not seen for a long time due to his military service, so he ordered? "Linda went to take a shower and I shed in two minutes." <br /> <br /> Is there another "good" character in this movie? Foreigners in Europe playing mother's boyfriend When the rape of an animal tries to hit the mother's son, the girlfriend will protect him by destroying the rape arm. He was quickly expelled from Kibbutz and then "violent" behavior towards one of the Kibbutz members. Other hypocrisy: The annoying French woman who plays the school teacher teaches that sex cannot occur before the age of 18 or does not have love and gives stories about real actions that should be humorous for the audience. But it's really stupid Of course, she was biting the heads of Israelis in the fields, which, on the other hand, the little boy's mother, when her mental health worsened Some children were pulled out of their beds at night and brought to the ritual that they swore to be loyal to the fields maintained by the senior Kibbats. Obviously, the mother could not "escape" the Israelites, although in reality everyone / were free to come and go as they chose. It was a mystery that the boy's father had died. But you can be confident the Israelites "Drive to send him" and his surviving parents are another unpredictable, horrible character that the mother and her son <br /> <br /> That's an important part of this film. One-dimensional characters, exaggerated stories, barren performances and insidious messages that try to reinforce themselves in the head of the audience? The life of the Israelites is deteriorating, miserable and life-threatening for those who do not. I feel sorry for the person who created this movie ?? Obviously he had a bad experience growing up in Israel. But I felt as though he had received some truth about the life of the Kibbutz and transformed them into a massive atomic bomb.
