This is one of the movies that received many plays in the early 1970s, usually "4am Movie" or once at 19:30 "Channel 6 Big Movie" and is also another story for Creature Double Feature. When local channels used to perform movies are part of their local programs. (Most lost today to the infomercial of the time) It was a low pair time of Abbott and Costello wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) were in the military category. (Half a dozen in the army left) sent to battle to look for strange rays and end up in confrontation. alien They first entered the Bronson Canyon and then came to be the next Batcave that was famous on the BATMAN and found the remains of "Dead Carrot Monster", later in the cave, they were chased by carrots, typically men in a black suit and head paper, along with things on it and the eyes of a ping pong ball. Two of them complete, geeks, Ray and Ball - were caught and woke up tied to the table and were being "examined" by Amazons Space - Dr. Poona (nooo, joking!) And Professor Tanga, who was absolutely beautiful. Breathtaking and even moreso in a stingy bikini "uniform", we are too young to be aware of what enslaved and amulet later. This "exam" scene is more than recommended. It turns out that both the gals and their carrot monsters are stuck on the planet with a ship that is well hidden and is trying to return to their world. <br /> <br /> This movie was created. But it is the time when Eric Von Zipper and his team from Frankie and Annette's films are the height of the movie B, driving on comedy, so it looks natural to Kodo <br /> <br /> onto some reason the bandwagon so I thought I would imagine that seeing this film to begin with. No, I really saw it. And when it was released on the DVD "Restore" I was confident in my memory The comedy starts from a light joke to an ordinary stupid story, but whatever budget does exist, which is a little miracle when you think about it, that it was created and we can talk about the "restore" model. Here and Now, more than 40 years later, the rewards are women who want to learn about "love" and "kissing" and the ultimate result is gushing - which we all receive women and love wins hearts. It's stupid and ridiculous and for that place there is an important nostalgia.
