Obviously, Shakespeare is equal to a high eyebrow, which is equal to a group of people who do not see what is true. At one point in this movie there were people. (I believe that the producer of Pacino) warns him that this movie is going astray. It's about the masses that think about Shakespeare through the vehicles of Richard Richard III, but he decides to shoot and chop with Random comments sprinkled around It seems that some scenes are included as home movies for Al. (What is the reason for the quick visit to Shakespeare's hometown, besides the unexpected things that happened there) and before the film started? Be treated to see Al prance around and act cute and funny for the camera. I think his stupidity and Kay's approach to the end of GODFATHER III with a knife on his neck is action - but obviously it's actually Al's behavior in people. <br /> < br /> adequate travel This is a shotgun that knows why I didn't make it up to 3/4 in this story: 1) Doubling - Al always knew that the camera was with him, whether he acted as Richard or talking to anyone. Someone - You can see it in one corner of his eyes as well. Some actors around the rehearsal table become lonely. If anyone reading this has spent time with a group of actors and seeing things from the outside, it can't stand. "Look at me, chew all the scenes!" 2) Winona Ryder When she appeared as Lady Anne, this film stopped screaming, which it never received. She has nothing to add to the conversation. But the camera is still stuck with her to bring the kiddoes with her acting. Very scary at boot. 3) The only thing you really learned from this thing will be told to you by the filmmakers who tried to Out of the picture Of course, you also learned that Pacino should not direct the movie (or do Richard at first). I want to see more BOBBY DEERFIELD. <br /> <br /> Finally, read the drama and learn for yourself. Going out and watching it do it in 1997. I saw performances at the ethnic theater of the University of Washington and it made what we saw in this film seemed to be a high school drama. (Except Clarence's irrational sore throat! My God! Is that necessary?!) <Br /> <br /> Everything is just a voice and anger shows Nada.
