Wa-BAM! Some people enjoy eating acid-filled mushrooms and then write this crazy excuse script for movies! Writer Howard Cohen extends the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with a pair of additional S, such as Sex, Silliness, (more) Sex and True Stupidity! This is not just a movie, this is the dream and imagination of all children and youth who are real! "Deathstalker" has everything: blood, violence, trolls, female mud wrestling, trying to rape, succeed in rape, life-size pigs (!), Horrible hairstyles, body muscles, hidden oils. Death to death, witch delirium, lost organs, ridiculous villains and girls, Boobs, BOOOOOOOOOBIES !! "Deathstalker" literally wiped the floor with a clear role model. "Conan: The Barbarian" When talking about the story of Yao Romanticism and luxuryThis is obviously a little important. Lonely and gay (only he didn't know) Warrior Deathstalker went on a mission to follow the orders of an annoying witch to gather all three elements of creation. Or something like that In his travels, he joined forces with humans that revolved around a warrior who is more crazy than him, and - last but not least - a charming young woman who doesn't seem to support the concept of the bra. Together they headed to the most evil Munkar kingdom, where they would join the warriors tournament and conquer at least two thirds. Munkar was a bald man with half a spider web on his skull. And an impressive harem that will make precious oil, jealousy, okay. "Deathstalker" is very scary, and sometimes it is a film that is unbearable. The fight sequence is weak and the costumes and effects of makeup are completely pathetic. At a moment when considering the opening sequence, I was really scared that I was watching "Troll; the Prequel". The monster looked so magical and completely opposite as dangerous. But it is an undeniable entertainment if you are in an unpleasant mood I think this is not a favorite among women because the overall image of women is somewhat insulting. Most women act as sweet eyes in the harem. They were allowed to crawl on bare ground and play in the mud. But not to open the mouth Two famous women (Barbi Benton and Lana Clarkson) are charming, but - with all honesty - if it wasn't for their continuously open shelves, they were hardly to say as well.
