Syriana swept the critics when released and everything seemed to be raving. I think it is one of the most intelligent movies ... clever until I think you have to be proficient in the oil industry and a sharp mind. I do not think I am not smart. I am studying politics from an early adolescent and I enjoy creative movies. But in most cases, except that it is a documentary film that is entertaining and has a main message. Syriana tries to be strictly intelligent and makes some people turn away. I will continue to say that those who are crazy and insist that it is 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. This movie is confusing, unconscious, and absurd. I have seen in a moment ... especially considering the critical acclaim Oscar nods and actors. The screenwriter Stephen Gaghan made me disappointed again. Havoc, who wrote his horror story, preceded the film and I thought he was just trying too hard. I can't believe that he was given the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code on top of Gaghan, who directed the movie, which was definitely a mess. I don't know who it is, why things happen. Who is who and what is it? It's a disaster. <br /> <br /> Because I don't know who it is, I can talk about actors and what I think about. Their performances, because despite the horribly complicated script, the actors are not alright. George Clooney plays as a CIA field agent and killer. I think ?? Bob Barnes Clooney has never been my favorite before. But recently he was able to perform a satisfying performance and it seemed that he had received a fairly good performance. Barnes is a complex character with a vicious history and if I knew what had happened to him I would have fun with his character. Matt Damon plays Brian Woodman and he is quite polite and looks like a deer in the headlights, which I can understand his confusion after reading this chapter and trying to show it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and her. Well done in the scene where she received Christopher Plummer's appearance as someone who did something. I like Plummer and love to see him appear, even if he is no longer receiving the highest bill. <br /> <br /> The actors are concentrated if the story has only meaning. I would definitely say the plot description on IMDb. "Missing missiles in Iran. But the CIA has other problems: the emirates of the emirate gave oil contracts to China, cut US companies that fired migrant workers immediately and merged with small companies that made Kazakh oil contracts. The Ministry of Justice, a bribery suspect and a law firm of an oil company found that the CIA scapegoat still wanted one when its plans to kill the emperor-apparent failed. Representative Bob Barnes, autumn, strange people across the American couple Economists parlays the death of his son in a contract to advise the CIA who wants to die. Pakistan, who is unemployed, joined the extremist group. All roads start and end in the oil field. "What!?!? Saying that now, Syriana may be the movie of a man who is thinking But it makes me bored and no matter how I try to live with it, eventually I surrender and shut down after half an hour and you can't bribe me finish it. I think if you want to comment over by all watching But I promise you those who are looking for entertainment or fun movies will sleep in the first half hour 1/10.
