Woosh ??! male?? What can I say ... <br /> <br /> Perhaps the opening scene We saw the Mongol-savage, poor makeup, jumped out of the ruins wall. They sneak around and attack some friends with humbly locked girls. The man ran out, the Mongol pursued him and one of them behind him seemed to rape the woman. But he revealed to her chest and kidnapped her Then friend (Still running) saw the horse and tried to steal it suddenly ?? A hero who looks like a blonde with a bad wig appears by saying "That's my horse!" Mighty Deathstalker just appeared before him. The Mongoloids arrive. Deathstalker kills them all. (Including friends) in the song of the Western Mexican score is quite inappropriate. (This should be a sword and a magic flick. So what's with 'arriba-trompettos') then go up to the Captive Girl and expose her breasts He began to rub them and Captive Girl seems to like it. She began to like her lips and caught Deathstalker. When they were going down to it, this old friend appeared to interrupt what could be the end of the perfect day for Deathstalker (and the perfect ending for the short film). <Br /> <br /> Tell me, not the point that feminists will close the movie or other male viewers will say "This will be one of the good movies!" The story is as easy as throwing a kitten out of. Interest : Deathstalker must receive the Sword of Justice and use it to steal the Amulet of Life and Chalice of Magic from the evil wizard Munkar. <br /> <br /> In addition to decapitations, parts, random bloodshed, fighting Fist and shameful sword fighting, this movie has a lot! At first I wanted to add one extra point to this film for the blank shooting of the breasts that I could count after 9 points (not halfway in the movie). I had to give up. It distracted me from other movies. And the rest of this film is worth Totally crazy things See the cat-like creatures / Munkar mutant worms. These are pets and they feed their eyes and fingers. And this is an interesting question: What would you do if a man in a woman's body enters your bedroom and tries to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: You slap him around and remove the knife and try to rape him. Then you discovered that he really wasn't a woman, so you threw him out of bed and told him to leave your room. It works well. I tell you, Deathstalker is doing as well. And Deathstalker is the right way. <br /> <br /> DEATHSTALKER is a really great movie as mentioned in other comments. Women are delicious. With blood, sex, violence, rape and delicious chicken There is a completely pointless tournament where only a group of barbarians dancing and hitting each other. My favorite weapon used in this competition is a giant wooden hammer that is used to defeat poor competitors until it becomes a blood membrane. And my favorite contestant, no doubt, is the brute beast and the Warthog-head (reminiscent of Gamorrean Guards from RETURN OF THE JEDI). I will not reveal how the movie ends. But only prepared to be devastated with joy when I told you that the 4-way fragment was thrown into the climax of the movie. <br /> <br /> And of course there is a great performance of Stupidity throughout the movie Seeing the man who was dragged behind the gravel road and the next view, showing that he had been dragged on the grass (no road) to see that the wonderful tattoo on the shaman's head changed miraculously inside. Same scene (In the shot there is to the left of his head and on the right side) Munkar is a magician. Is it like that or this movie was filmed in the alternate universe that doesn't have things like "continuity" just <br /> <br /> as much as I'm happy and as much as I look forward to 3 periods in this series, I have a fraction of suitability left in me to prevent this film from passing. However, I have prepared to get the lowest score at the highest level, so I can deduct a few points to make the inferior sector follow DEATHSTALKER. May be the most fun, CONan that is worthless and not rigid. Still a nasty movie
