Last night I searched for a Hollywood video with a friend trying to find a horror movie that looked good to watch during the New Year weekend. When I looked through the "split" shelves, saw my eyes and I grabbed it off the shelf and it seemed like a good B grade horror movie. The cover looked reasonably good. The plot sounds semi-interesting. So i rent it What a mistake. Don't be fooled by the cover, which actually looks good. I think a lot of money is spent on cover art rather than the movie itself. The film follows two police detectives following the Voodoo serial killer called "Chief of the Hunters" who are victims of executions, both left and right in unnamed cities The ritual murder <br /> <br /> Doesn't it sound good? It is like that and this movie is probably halfway. But good God, it's not good! Almost everything about this story is laughable. The opening scene has a red-haired actress in the car trying to talk to this large, obsolete mobile phone, and for whatever reason, she goes outside and talks to a man. Then there came a shadow behind them, cut off his head and the girl fell to the ground and began to crawl. (Without reason) while trying to press 911. The laughing sound? Yes you bet it is The whole movie seems to be filmed with a VHS quality camera and I suppose it is Most performances are terrible and special effects are far from faith. And the scene with the police on the phone is terrible - the sound of another line is resounding and sounded like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom Everything about this movie is easy and boring, and it doesn't care for a long time and I find myself bored and tired, mostly because of bad performances and scary movies. Walking is not good. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what might be a good B movie. The plot is good and I think if this movie gets Better management and a higher budget, it's okay. But this movie is flat on its face If you expect something semi-good, you will be greatly disappointed. Recommended only if you can endure the D-grade horror flick. Otherwise, you may want to stay away from the garbage directly to this video. It has little potential. But it is not a mess 1/10
