If there is one thing that makes me the most annoying to see a bad movie, it is done by an experienced filmmaker who should know better. Planet of the Apes "New Imagination" may use imagination to not mention the key elements of Nova character development. The original Planet of the Apes girl is a character developed better than Daena in this version because she can't. Say one word We expect to be much better from Tim Burton, the man who combines imagination with intelligence, intelligence, wisdom and humor, all of which are not noticed by this production. <br /> <br /> There is a fundamental problem in the development of transformation. The first big mistake is to allow people to talk. This is a fundamental difference between a monkey and a man who created * all the differences in the original movie. Although he is a dumb man, his communication abilities are what makes Heston Taylor different from other human beings. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg encourages slaves (to speak) of Human rebellion But there is no reason to overcome them They are tools that are active and have the ability to communicate in order to make plans that humans cannot do. No one wants to fall from the stars to help them. Of course, since he came from a technological civilization and found himself in the pre-technology era without having any equipment to help him, it was Wahlberg that should be at a disadvantage, not a man who had lived there. Feeling sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working hard to create some spark between her and Mark Wahlberg, a brick wall that doesn't respond. Her best scenes are with the evil Tim Roth. <br /> <br /> Humans are overlooked until they want in the third scene. At that point, Daena begins to show real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg) and children. Suddenly, the boy changed from a part of the background to a freelance fighter. This is a poor character development. (In particular, Estella Warren looked as though she had more talent than she had received from the script.) In the end, Wahlberg's mystery towards what these men saw in him was what I had. Participate as he interacts with humans almost forever. <br /> <br /> Monkey creation: half plus and two minuses: Ape. Makeup is excellent for men, especially Michael Clarke Duncan with eyes. Express unbelievable (Which causes him to excel in The Green Mile) and the make-up design makes him able to use it fully But female females seem to have nothing on earth, both monkeys and humans. The minuses are jumping monkeys that look like rockets. Flash Gordon: Jumping monkeys. It seems that they have just been fired from the catapult. Secondly, the mixing of bad sounds - when the gorillas roar, it is quite clear that the names from some animals may be cats, making them sound ridiculous and unrealistic. <br /> <br /> Original movies, various things of man, monkey do and say, managed as a light relief ("I never knew a monkey that I didn't like" "Human beings do man!") Here, the monkey just talks about the true story like the man in the 21st century did and without humor. The only true original idea is Aree. Written with her feet. <br /> <br /> Nothing makes me cringe over the time of "V-Ger from Star Trek" near the end of the movie. First of all, the monkey is clearly able to read the Roman alphabet in the distant past so that they know the name of the forbidden area in a partially concealed form. Secondly, the mysterious inscription that gave the name was covered with sand, which Wahlberg had just been removed. What every monkey can do centuries ago This time, for me, is worse than the end of the movie that has a lot of evil. <br /> <br /> However, things in nature are typical of most science fiction movies today. Back in the 60's and 70's, they had no budget to create a convincing future scene. But they deal with true traditional themes and ideas that are truly scientific characters I am thinking of 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1967 Planet of the Apes, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and Solaris 1972. Apes' first planet uses only scientific methods that are accurate and scientifically possible. However, this film has a story about all the bad old ideas, such as space storms, irregularities and worm holes that emerged from Star Trek; The planets of the solar system and their moons are clearly visible together in a large globe. (In fact, from any one planet, every other, even their own moon The space shuttle rocket is powered by traveling from Saturn to the world in a matter of minutes instead of years. The device, two thousand years old, jumped and worked fully in minutes at the hero. Press the button. To say anything, the glass door inside the bullet is convenient In a contemporary setting, you must explain * why * it is a bullet proof But because it is "Science Fiction" You don't need to! <br /> <br /> Overall, Burton's most disappointing movie
