Spoiler alert ?? Although I think this one is spoiled out of cans? It is hard to imagine that movies with these stars from this studio created during this period may be terrible, but it is, it is the greatest flaw of the movie right now that it doesn't have a reason. <br /> <br /> <br /> A wealthy American widow, Penn Gaylord, released his youngest daughter "responsible" and went to the First World War in which he was killed. Present (1942) and total confusion The three sisters were in the court, where they said that it took twenty years and twitched. Some people named Barclay tried to take them out of the house. This is just the beginning of a question that doesn't have an endless answer that contains more scripts and holes. In The Warren Report, what happens to gay fortune? If the will is half a million, why does the family house disappear from the rich palace to the house on The Munsters? Who is this Barclay demon? And why can he take someone out of the house? The question piled up on many other questions. <br /> <br /> George Brent, who is charming and charming, is playing Barclay, which is truly mysterious, including drinking all around, regardless of what he wants. Belonging to and without guilt; But no one except Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) doesn't seem to like this stingy person. Why? Do not answer these questions at all We just follow Fiona's life from the wreck of one train to another. The evil Barclay takes her home, her destiny, and her children. What are you doing? Shoot him? Causing him to flare? No reason too This woman, who had previously been involved with Barclays, was a romantic lover. The only one that protects the technician of rape marriages. Suddenly, she decides in the middle of the sentence. (Literally) that she didn't hate him And they will live a happy life forever Suddenly, without reason in the world, the example of independence and power of the early women was transformed into a twist, ankles, ankles that were not commonly found in modern movies. Yes, of course, stealing everything in the world that is mine and I'll fall in love with you. What happened to this planet? I can guess that the reason I have never heard of this before I saw it in Turner is that it makes the contemporary audience go astray like today.
