I hope another movie will be two hours long. On the other hand, I hope the American Civil War movie will be two hours long. "Gone with the Wind", "Gettysburg" - That is the length I expect. Although at least both of them have been entertained for hours, and even "Gettysburg" still remains as long as it does because of the things that happened during the time it occurred. > <br /> On the other hand, Lee's movie is full of blood. It feels like it takes less than two hours. That's not a compliment It is no different from other forms of neurological discrimination: at the time when it feels as though it will not end after that, it seems like there is no time. <br /> <br /> This film is wrong. Foot while Lee played his never ending credit over the opening image. (A bad mistake) that we were introduced to some characters that we didn't like immediately, and then came to hate the middle of the two was Jake, the son of a German immigrant who was a staunch supporter of Lincoln and Jack, who are equally Southerner (I have to read that sentence again to make sure I don't write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some point or vice versa). "bushwhackers" - Southern volunteers Revenge and violence that they could not even pay attention to join the official Southern Army, which I think they think is because of their sister. I'm afraid Lee will lose me there. It is easy to feel that the characters who are immoral: if we have some reason to like them or feel as though we know them in some way, their moral flaws can make us interested in them. No more. Here we don't know Jake correctly for at least an hour. When we became clear that he was a naive acne of a man who did not become a partner by choosing as much as a habit - the type of person who spoke and did what everyone around him said and did. It is a purely imitative. The person he is associated with is either the same person or an evil person in a way that is not interesting. I found myself cheering every time the northern cavalry appeared on the screen. I thought: Well - killing the rebels, ending the war that was cursed for me to go home. <br /> <br /> Making the problem worse when Talking about scary and scary conversations Everyone speaks with a southern whining accent. I hear accents from all over the world who speak English and this is the worst of all of them. I don't care whether the South people will say that or not. It's not fair to ask the audience to listen for two hours. And believe me, we listen to it for two hours: Lee's picture is talkative, mostly because the characters take a long time to say what they mean in a language that doesn't have their grammar. Three times It will help if they speak faster, but not so much. Are these people unable to find a more effective language to communicate? <br /> <br /> In a nutshell: this movie has only a small amount. But is a gallery of characters that are not consistently interesting without the inner life that is talking in an ugly mode Words that are not showered often enough that nothing interesting happens even if they are involved in a good point of war? Gems are a good thing to look at and as a scenery. But I have even complaints here Shooting a movie with a beautiful frame looks like someone accidentally wearing a susbtituted color film for black and white images. And for gems, we were joking with her body But never allowed to stare at it, which I think is the least thing we owe
