** Spoiler ** This is an ugly movie and I'm sorry that I watched it like Jan Kounen's Dobermann, mostly due to bad editing - or lacking as if the director loves his work. Instead of cutting the movie to follow your interests, he added all the images he had taken together. There may be two cool scenes in the entire movie. One of them is * spoiler * when Benk became rocky and the camera started spinning around him. It's cool - but it's ok. We understand! Please continue! The camera will not stop spinning around this guy! There may be one or two cool scenes that I forgot in ordinary floods. But the final duel scene is not one of them! May be because unlike in the sword management scene, before this, Shanao was not masked. But just because the director could not find a stunt actor that resembles Asano, Tadanobu did not give him the right to move forward and assemble 80% of the sword fighting closely from the clash of swords! And all from the same angle, I would like to add The director should learn from the American film The Bullet of America, The Hunted! I personally saw the scene of a village attack as a tribute paid to a social activist of a generation before the police faced violent protests over the years of the college. The situation in which the innocence was oppressed by the dictatorship and the armed forces of the government, unwilling to understand, seems to be a general message in the Japanese media due to the influence of socialism and the political minority. The movie version of GTO and Man Kintaro's salary is the other two recent examples. * END SPOILER * I don't understand. Perhaps the worst thing might be lost in translation. <br /> <br /> The ending of the movie - which the market plays a lot is a different interpretation of the legendary confrontation between Shanao and Benkei. It is not the most popular in Japanese folk tales, and it is separated from the contemporary theme that takes more than 138 minutes of visualization techniques. Who cares that the director wants to interpret this story again? D? Sasaki Hirohisa director of Crazy Lips said that there is an unsatisfactory tendency of the new Japanese director to ignore Japanese audiences and target their movies for foreign film festivals - to gain fame. International level faster This method works even if it is not reasonable, because the purpose of the International Film Festival is to introduce to the world what kind of movies are created in other countries - what kind of movies are people watching in those countries? Of course, Gojoe and the like.
