Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy have extensive (separate) film careers before they finally join. For Ollie Presley's many films, he was charged on the screen as Babe Hardy and throughout his adult life, Hardy was known from his friends as 'innocent' while traveling to England after The war with Laurel in the music hall - for Bernard Delfont Hardy, an interview with journalist John McCabe, which he describes the origin of the nickname: his early acting career, Hardie Shave from the hairdresser. That gay None B. Hardy's plump cheeks (which were on his face) and said 'Nice baby!' Hardy's colleagues started crying 'Babe' and the nickname stuck. <br /> <br /> Although pre-Laurel work Most of Hardy's work is very interesting - especially his funny role in supporting Larry Semon and the mimic Chaplin Billy West - his team work with Billy Ruge in the cheap shorts for Vim Comedy Film Company. Very bad Hardy and Ruge received the screen name Plump and Runt: Name that was Not satisfied with their own rights But makes it worse because Ruge (although shorter than Hardy) is not runt, especially seen here. Hardy looks as much as he can in his first film, Hal Roach and Laurel ... but without it Spitting and a little mustache. <br /> <br /> 'One Too Many' is a normal song and Runt epic, not disgusting ... and its boredom is created more clearly from the The fact that this film has evidence like Film 'That My Wife', one of the film's most hilarious of Laurel and Hardy Plump (Hardy) as a boarder in the house run by a towering Runt (Ruge) as a porter. Plump received a letter from the wealthy uncle John, which he expected to inherit. His uncle is coming to him and meet his wife and children. There is only one problem: plumpness doesn't have a wife and children. He lied to his uncle to look like a family. Of course, now plump, it is expected that Runt will find his wife and children in short notice. Of course, the results are disastrous. It would be good if the bad results are funny, but not the humor that doesn't change. Mostly, this is just a slapstick that is empty, with the characters setting arguments by pushing each other into the bathtub. <br /> <br / > Spoiler is coming The director of the group, Louis Louis (who?) Will not show the instinct of shooting with the camera: the actress who plays the landowner is significantly higher than Hardee and Louis places his image. usually This may be a joke if done intentionally. But it is not appropriate At one point in this ill-fated comedy, there is a law that has no taste of shame, appearing on the horizon while Runt approached the black laundry. 'Of course, they won't bow down to laugh like that.' I thought, but they made Runt steal the young black woman's body and tried to cheat this thing as Plump's cousin. <br /> <br /> However, Plump Get a baby crib But he still doesn't have children When Uncle John came up with a plump stairway, Runt for being a child. This pulpit may work with dwarves or even with actors who are the actual size of Chester Conklin. But Billy Rouge is slightly below the average height Impersonating Ruge's baby is unbelievable or funny, and Uncle John must be the perfect mentally retarded person to fail. Surprisingly, he made <br /> <br /> The most notable thing of 'One Too Many' is the short appearance - apparently the only film she ever appeared - by Madelyn Saloshin, his wife. Oliver Hardy's first marriage is not a happy matter, although Hardy's marriage will not be able to achieve the great proportion of Stan Laurel. <br /> <br /> The only thing in This movie impressed me. There is a short historical sequence: Hardy remembers his romantic seaside romance with the beauty of bathing in 1916. There is no standard movie grammar for past events: the image shown here is right. Beautifully built and simple Unfortunately, this movie has no other advantages. 'One Too Many' is one of the many movies in Oliver Hardy CV and I will rate this movie only one point from 10 points. Laurel and Hardy together are more fun than those. He is very
