Unreasonable child raising in the second coming of Christ in the form of hippies and albino looking at Sandra Locke. You have no idea what happened on the screen with the annoying song "Suzanne" that is about. Playing over and over again throughout the movie until when "The Second Coming of Suzanne" ends, you know how hard it is. All things <br /> <br /> Logan, Armenian filmmaker Jared Martin Come to create images Foreign Century But rude and nasty until no one in the world bank willing to Finance his project Planning to travel to his own Logan and find a couple at this seaside café and impress the young woman Suzanne, Sandra Locke, a young woman who reminds him of another person he knows in another life: Jesus Christ Logan's assistant and Clavius ​​enthusiast, Richard Dreyfuss, received a $ 740,000.00 loan from the bank to finance Logan's masterpiece. He started working with Suzanne by flattering her about her abilities as Whether the show to keep her in his films. This leads to Susan. But left Simon Paul San, the artist of her boyfriend only But later Simon felt very depressed and felt that only one person took a gun to his mouth and put his brain off. Quite a sub-unrelated plot involving a young girl with autism, a girl Dorothy Kari Avos, who treats her autism by Susan after the others at the psychiatric hospital that she committed. Will not really know what Susan did at the hospital But she seems to be a mess or has volunteers there This should show us in the audience that she, like Jesus, can heal the sick as miraculously or not. <br /> <br /> There are also great columnists and businessmen. Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, which appears to be Going through a very difficult middle life crisis or seeing a vision like a Bible that changed his life forever Sinclair searched for the meaning of life, just as it was about movies, and wanted to know why there was suffering in the world, like this movie that he entered and seemed to find the answer when he was first. Put his eyes on Susan Sinclair felt some sense in his head when David Mark Rasmussen, his personal car driver who was seriously ill and tired of his strange and crazy hallucinations, almost ran him from The cliffs in Kamikaze like driving along the Pacific coast. <br /> <br> The movie "The Second Coming of Suzanne" continues with a number of unrelated sequences that may be added or secondary in some ways. Times And with the movie editors and then go to the last scene to be crucified like Christ on He is Logan with all the cameras rolling. It turns out that the enthusiastic Logan was taken with his masterpiece while he tried to imitate Susan, who had been crucified on the cross of Jesus Christ 2,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Difficult to sit, and almost impossible to follow "Suzanne's second coming" brings you through the same torture that Logan and filmmakers do. This film tries to be an art. But it is just an excuse to conceal an absurd and non-existent story and even worse
