For the clarity of the journey, 'The Bagman' is very good, very bad. It suffers a great deal in almost every aspect except for one thing: the finished product is a really scary movie which looks funny like crazy This is a very low-grade movie. The budget constraints for this movie should be clear for everyone to watch, even if just the opening sequence. I'm not sure whether most of the humor in the movie is intended. For example, a movie will take place in 'Doomsville'. Note for all prospective home buyers: If the city you are moving to is called 'Doomsville', move on. Stephanie Beatton quickly pulled out her top shirt for the sex scene in the kitchen. I can't help but laugh because it has a deliberate sense of humor. (She turned on the gas stove ... can accept it? Sex is hot enough to take it?) And with unintended humor Without intention in this case is music It's like a theme song for 'Chariots of Fire'. Go Electronica, separate the computer and synthesizer! I know that finding music for this small production is forbidden. I really feel them because the work here is very good. The problem is that cheap music is not a good song. I didn't laugh hard about sex on the screen since 'Alone in the Dark' and 'Seven Seconds' (I guess they mean that this poor Mr. Slater ... even the last credit is hilarious. Intended? You are the referee: Pets, dogs and cats are part of the actors who have been credited - and have animal wrestlers for them! - Prosperity is regarded as 'Mr B. Stick' and the unit's 3rd wardrobe (yes, they have the third unit). Receive credit to K-mart. Maybe it's just me. But I think the hilarity of this story is better than recording movies. This movie is very bad, but the goal of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family is well-intentioned in 'The Bagman' that you can't help. But like the movies they created, 'The Bagman' isn't good, but it's not scary. In my own sweet way, it is still a little beloved. It put his flaws honestly until you couldn't help but forgive the "better" movie that tried to hide that flaw. It's almost worse. I guess this is just a movie that knows who the audience is and that it was created. <br /> <br /> Watch a number of movies and most probably are much better. Some people may be more insulting or have lower performances or lower production values. They may not be able to get a big impact like 'The Bagman' due to sound editing and horrifying effects. Mr B. Stick didn't do a very good job. Special techniques seem to be where most of the money goes. They tend to be more funny than scary, although at the end when 'Bagman' was not revealed at the end, the make-up work was surprisingly done. <br /> <br /> 4 of my 10 is slightly high But humor helps a lot This is an ideal movie that will find friends and beers in the hands for a few nights. Great entertainment can happen to anyone who seriously considers himself to be a B-movie or low-budget movie. All others should be avoided with good bias.
