"The Bubble" is an attempt to create a gay genre, Romeo & Juliet, with Israeli and Palestinians, although it looks like "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210". The characters are superficial and repetitive, like Conversations and plot The movie seems lacking between shag and depth. On the one hand there was a sharp effort to be shallow. (In one example from many stories) Some small characters even ask questions that invite the development of understanding in the conflict on hand and get answers like "Hey, we're here. Make posters to be frantic with careers. Don't do politics! "In addition to the obvious absurdity of this line, it is just one of the many ham signals that are convinced that the film is hollow and ridiculous as its name suggests. On the other hand, the main importance of this film is to follow the lovers to present "Bent", a drama about gay men in Nazi labor camps. The scene on the stage hastily hurried to destroy its erotic power. (Understandable due to limitations of movie time But still can be solved to get a much better result) and come off gently like the rest of the movie. Very bad. This drama deserves something better than <br /> <br /> character There is a certain level, some even have names that send telegrams to them all. An aggressive soldier from Golani's brigade, "Golan", a Palestinian war man named "Jihad". A faghag roommate who is determined to be "Lulu". Anyone who is familiar with the checkpoints and life in Palestine, whether From real life or documentaries, will find unreasonable checkpoints such as unreasonable? The rest of this fluffy fantasy When Palestinian women enter the fastest work in the military records, Israel is curious and helpful. (The results of the birth show that the Palestinians expressed the altruism of Israel and even serious paranoia). All checkpoints show that it is a nuisance, not a set of bones that stun the crushed mind. Medical care or need in the event of serious death or illness. Ashraf, Palestinian lover seems to have passed from Nablus to Tel Aviv without problems. He will appear whenever he likes. When Israel wants to pass, it is a challenge that is related to Lucy's Ricardo's valuable project. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of Israel, Israel, who is well supported and Palestinians incriminate violently, we move on. At the full resolution Lack of motivation or purpose? Except as a visibly painful drama device to show sympathy for the forbidden lovers. <br /> <br /> The romance of Israeli-Palestinian gay men has been handled on stage with great skill and depth. As in Salem Even if it is unusual, even some people would like to think <br /> <br /> that bad movie? Just like Ed Wood's work - at least there are strange habits that distinguish them. This is not even possible. Most audio tracks sound like Simon and Garfunkel on the quaaludes, and even though there is a strange Edipal to the gay sex scene, the general incapacity that spreads this movie looks like a typical TV movie in a week.
