I saw Crispin Glover saying "What is it?" At the Ann Arbor Film Festival, at least the film's name is appropriately named because I have a clear feeling that even the writer / director can't give an answer. During the questions and answers after the film screening, Glover said that the film is intended to be a short film to demonstrate the virtue of using actors with down syndrome. However, this is not enough reason to create a movie. In my opinion, the actors have created a blog for a broader vision - a broader vision that seems to be confusing and not the worst. Christine Glover also said that he wanted to talk about it. Prohibited He did that, but why the film does not seem to have no reason to say anything. Does he feel that these things should not be prohibited? This film doesn't give me an indicator. The prohibition for the benefit of the prohibition is not interesting. It is not possible to make things forbidden, disturbing or instigating at any level, because he does not make the audience interested in anything. <br /> <br /> Don't care about the problem with the concept for a moment. Is a combination of bad movies Movie editing and other technical aspects seem to be very amateur. Glover said that there are 125-150 thousand dollars into the movie and I feel that I should spend money with many designers. (Glover has really designed himself - I know I saw a little sound design on credit.) The paint set is okay (not good), but it doesn't work well. It goes to any purpose, but in Glover's hand it just feels sloppy. The other part is filmed like a movie in a lower quality home than any other item that I saw for the first time that the filmmaker made in iMovie. <br /><br /> Perhaps the biggest problem of "what is it?" I don't even understand how serious this movie is. There are some parts that feel like Glover is screaming that you seriously think. At another point, he looked a little funny for himself. Maybe he wants this story to be ridiculous or meaningful. In any way, I just felt that Glover couldn't make himself interested in the movie seriously. <br /> <br /> Glover said he wanted it at first. It will be a short film, if only it used to be In seventy-two minutes, this film has no images and ideas during the first twenty years and can prove that such a concept has enough formulas to claim that they were there at that time.
