There is no attempt to bring Valentine to prevent it from being another horror movie, a sub-genre of horror that we have seen too much in the past decade. I've heard a lot of people complain that this film tore many horror films before, including everything from Halloween to Promenade to Carey and as much as I hate being repetitive. Poor North Jeremy's head punch at the beginning of the film was clearly taken from Carrie that they might say in the movie. (`Hey everyone, this is the director and the following is Carrie-rip-off my scene to enjoy! ') But that's just a suggestion. <br /> <br /> (Spoiler) This film has been placed in pieces like other teen thriller. We will get to know children. One woman at the beginning, she was killed. People were wondering in the tone. Oh - but --- that happened to other people and then they started to be killed. The problem is that the director and the writer want the movie to be mysterious and suspicious. But they don't know what to do. Example The first character seen in the movie after a brief history lesson about bad methods. Jeremy until being treated, he is considered important. In addition, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boys that all girls threatened in the sixth grade and the same initials that signed at the bottom of all cruel Valentine's Day cards. <br /> <br /> It is not uncommon for viewers to be deliberate and sometimes misunderstood by the behavior of one or more characters that seem to be important suspects and Jason is The perfection of effort. But not so A good example of successful efforts Of course, I thought for a while that he was probably the killer. But that's not the point We knew from the beginning that he was a terrifying woman who connected him and the little boy at the beginning of the movie. But after that, in the middle of the movie, he appeared in a party, smiling like a flirt with two main women. Then let them look obnoxious and walk away from the party and from the movie without explanation. We already know that he is a cardboard character. But his role in this film was so bad that he thought that they had brought him out with him when he did with him. <br /> <br /> In a positive way, the truth of the murderer. In fact, that person is difficult to predict at least one method that is a pity that is a shame. At the beginning of the movie, when Shelley stabs the murderer on his leg with his own scalpel, he doesn't hear that the murderer may be a silent woman to prevent himself from revealing himself as a woman more than every man who suspects But for the rest of the movie, we just have a killer who doesn't stop stopping with a huge mask and a butcher knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who with true respect seems to have a problem with the girl in Sixth grade) that was influenced by Halloween Of course, it is not necessary because it is obvious that he has copied the movie. The only difference between the killer on Valentine's Day and Michael Mayer is that Michael's mask is more effective and he has no problems with nosebleeds. This shameless thing. <br /> <br /> At the end, there is a short effort that will make us again misunderstand who is the murderer. (Finishing with slow removal and pulling out "and-the-the-killer-is' but) then we saw Adam's nose started to bleed when he held Kate, the girlfriend who was hesitant and we knew he was a murderer Nothing in the movie implies that he may be a killer until the final scene and these unexplained nosebleeds are not the smartest way to identify the real killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not scary. (I watched it in an empty house by myself after midnight and I was afraid of darkness for as long as I can remember and I was not afraid.) And the characters might be interested. If it is not clear that they are dying I remember being impressed with the drama samples. (Although this movie entered and left the cinema faster than Battlefield Earth), but the result is the same thing.
