Wow. Watch this movie today. You can't help but be shocked. But writing this movie, Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young, who played in the modern era, may focus on "The Jerry Springer Show" - because they have bad relationships and are inappropriate ... and cannot explain the writers. Seems to be guaranteed! <br /> <br /> The movie begins with hunger and homelessness. Loretta shows the rope by the poor Spencer Tracy but has wealth. He showed her that you can make a little money and take her to the hut to live. Never clear whether they are married or not, and when considering a pre-movie movie, you can conclude that they are not together, even if they are together. Their relationship is very strange ... and quite sick. As you see that Tracy cares for her by his actions, he insults, verbally, and jerks all --- and the young man runs back to find a dog like some dog. He called her "skinny" or "ugly" and these things in a sick way, how to use his love! Later, when he began to fool other women friends (Glenda Farrell) She told her friend that if that was what he wanted, it was okay with her !!! Of course, Sado-Majestic's relationship is minimal and you can't help but feel scared. Of course he didn't hit her. But the relationship is not very appropriate To show how sick he was when Young was pregnant. She told him, "... it's your child and it's mine. But you don't have to worry, I'll take all the punishment. "Oops! All this is not like looking through the box looking into the house that is sick and unusual! Later, in the case of art imitating life, Tracy proved what kind of person he was and disappeared. In the end he was unable to bear the burden of the baby, even if it was his But he changed his mind and decided to go home. Wow ... that was his bit! And when he returned, he was disgusting and behaving like if he was, he didn't need to take care of the children !! And she told him that he was "free man ... free like a bird"! Wow, I almost tears in this gentle moment ... No! Soon, this crazy couple is married ... and naturally, the young man feels depressed because he seems to be able to live for as long as it suits him - not because of love or responsibility. So how can you recover everything with this sick character? What are you going to do For the authors, they have Tracy soon to make a robbery to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspect of this film is very few to say at least! During the robbery, Tracy behaved like a fool - almost nothing to prevent being caught - like he secretly hoped to be sent to prison. And to show that he is a good guy, a guy who tries to rob one of his best friends. <br /> <br /> While there are more in the movie, the bottom line is Tracy. Jerking and The boy is an idiot in the movie. Although both are very good actors But there is no way they can do what this writer created Good songs, good sets, good performances ... and 100% crab scripts. Currently, this movie has been rated more than me and I wonder if everyone can ignore the horror of the characters. What a terrible misunderstanding does not destroy the occupation of those involved. <br /> <br /> Oh, and if you suspect that Loretta EVER will be the backbone in this movie or play the least strong person, the answer is Not! At the end, she didn't learn anything and didn't change anyone. <br /> <br /> They are sure that they won't make a movie like they used to be ... and in this case .. .
