There may be spoilers !!!! So I watched this movie last night, LMN (all life movie network), which is not known for performing quality movies. This movie is great! I'm still surprised that I watch everything because it's terrible. Does this movie have a pattern anymore? (harping a Jewish mother who wants a son to be a Catholic family doctor with a son, a priest, a large large cross in every room shown in the home of a Catholic family, a Mexican prostitute, "a bad guy" who is really weak ) GAG !!!! At first I was intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this before and after seeing Cheryl Pollak and Corinemec in it, I decided to wake up until 4 to see it. The only exchange for this film is the beauty of madchen amick. I think Pollack and Nemec's performance is ok. But they have a scary script to work with Different from other reviewers who commented on the lack of a Texas accent. (This movie should happen in Austin and there are a few people who have twang.) I think the accent is there. (In supporting characters such as Mary Margaret's day is not necessary, they are also very bad. I'm very tired of the Hollywood "Southern" accent, which doesn't sound like the accent area. And since it should have happened in Austin and filming there in 1991 would not be expensive, I fully expect that there must be a familiar picture of the city: a beautiful town hall building, UT tower, bright tower for Winning football games, etc. There are no such things there. It also takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Mexico from Austin. At one point in the movie, Michael and his troops set off to Mexico to lose their innocence and able to drive away when it was dark. (During the summer and early autumn, it won't be dark in Austen until 9:00 pm). Spend time in Mexico and have sex with Mexicans. (Is there anything else?) The prostitute then returned to Austen in the morning. At this time it is possible, in theory, it is very unlikely. And if anyone starts to study in his country (Usually the third week of August But may have been in September in the 1960s). They know that if they want to leave the heat stroke, they don't wear a letter jacket !!!!! In August and September in Austin and the surrounding area is 90+ degrees. Only those who do not have body temperature will be stupid enough to wear sweaters or letter shirts on the first day of school. Overall, it is considered terrible for the TV movie experience.
