Bobbie Phillips mentioned after one of her children slipped away with his annoying jokes, which she would not have survived from this trip .. Boy, she was a money maker. Karen is a school teacher, bringing her children from Shepley College of History to an ugly place of dilapidated mansions in Ireland's important dung .. Of course, there are more interesting places in this country? ! Gary (Simon Peacock) supervisor warns Karen and her students to stay on the path and not get lost in the forest. There is a legend about Sawney Bean Clan, a family of Druid descent who celebrated Samhain (end of summer, October 31) "Feast of the Dead" that must be sacrificed to please the soul. Gary is a clairvoyant, who is his cousin. Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) told us because he was born in Samhain, funny because he didn't see good results or even gave advice correctly. Almost everyone died (.. even those who never lost his way) and he didn't see his horrible fate at all. The thing that this monster we heard of breathing was the victim of excessive mating. Its face was like a mushroom with unusual shape and it seems disgusting from the picture. Mad Max took a long time before "The evil breeder" will kill everyone. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is a love interest of Karen, who decided to go wrong in Ireland without ever knowing him. <br /> <br /> The end The formidable formula is not released from the norm. It shows that the tiny budget is so loud and the characters with ancient ideas, the assembly line spun out again to kill in the form of normal blood. Most of the violence will flash rapidly across the screen without relying on the actions of the deceased parents to their victims. A lot of courage was pulled out during the quick cut, since one scene was approaching another scene. Seeing Gillian Leigh's beautiful naked body for a moment or two is not enough to introduce Phil Price. There are annoying juggling characters like Steve often telling bad jokes ... He can make Barbara. Leigh's nakedness in the shower for some action is everyone's guess, because I have no reason why he has a hot chance. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the lucky role of Shae, the smartest girl. Transportation Chatsudhi quiet. (Which is quite hot) that we know will be the person who chooses from the screenplay for survival Jenna Jameson drops down long enough to make her heart cut from her chest. (At least we saw her breasts for a moment before her breasts were opened) with a few small lines. The main problem with this film was the story and character development stagnated because they realized that none of them. So interesting, director Christian Viel let his monster escape from the killings, causing rampage, causing almost all the actors to fail within ten minutes. Oh and Rich Green Cargo has a little cameo as the victim opens the way to a tent camp with his chicks.
