In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began shooting. These were created for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were quickly stirred up. As a result, even movies that are popular on their day are just awesome according to today's standards. Many people have a lot of similarities with movies in homes that have nasty relatives to obscure other cameras. Show characters that wander in front of the camera and do nothing. And regardless of the outcome, Keystone sends them directly to the cinema. My assumption is that every movie at this time must not be bad because Keystone and Chaplin movies succeed. <br /> <br /> Charlie Chaplin, who we know and love today, began to evolve in Chaplin's career in Later, in 1915, he signed a new contract with Essenay Studios and the movie developed greatly with Chaplin as director. However, sometimes these movies are still rough and not particularly memorable. No, Chaplin was a cute little homeless person, still evolving in 1916 when he changed to Mutual Studios. His films developed again and he became a well-known person in many movies. Before he was just a jerk (Not drunk, beat women by provoking innocent people, etc.) Little Tramp's final evolution to his classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full movie. <br /> <br /> It is interesting that this movie is called TWENTY MINUTES OF LOVE because this film has a duration of only 10 minutes! Oh, good. The plot is a little related to Little Tramp in the park. The husband and wife need a neck. But mysteriously Charlie insisted on sitting on the lap of both of them and really making them annoyed I can't understand why and what is short consists of Charlie wandering about a park that makes these people annoying and some people in the movie. Maybe he is looking for three people. I don't know. But this film lacks continuity and is not particularly funny, even if people start to slap and push each other on the lake The generally poor effort before Chaplin began to plan and character the character.
