This first time deserves about 5 stars due to the show. (Something that would give my personal opinion better and not an object as it should be by giving this one a worthy star) but then I know that those facts are used for the actor (S) name to increase the score. Of something like this ... <br /> <br /> I have a problem with such productions; Another effort (such as "unreliable") of systematic propaganda features that promote government intrusion of your rights (How interesting is the time when IPS providers try to "satisfy" = CENSOR and American and Canadian data? During this time), this time, not by labeling torrent file transfers as evil. (That is to remind you of this feeling whenever you transfer data on the net.) But actually trying to create a population that is overall sexually disappointed. The impressive sales promotion seems like a common theme in Hollywood today, especially when it comes to thriller, which is a movie genre. "The most demanding" in the last two decades or the most popular = the level of violence has been described in two elements of morality and "ethics" that give new meaning to numbers. "Anti Heroes" Don't make mistakes. This is not "DEXTER" which means high quality entertainment. Stop selling "FEAR". Please, the world will be a better place without it and the money created. <br /> <br / > The opening scene and in general, in the first 10 minutes, is a terrifying image of Erroll Babbage that is clearly suffering from sexual grievances. The way he dealt with the black man was very annoying if not a racist class. (At least "The bored word" at least) (In real life, some people might be hit by it, you see what I mean.) The second scene (with the character of Claire Danes) is even more intense at that point. Realized that, in my opinion, Erroll Babbage was a very dangerous person for the people around him, many people who had seen or watched this movie had never "stopped" (about both sexes) in general. Then this movie Is the most serious case (Which, unfortunately, it is possible and will happen again in some places) but others, both indirectly and "You may become" etc. Anyone who is familiar With Sigmund Freud and Jung knowing that sex is not a matter of having to say "goodbye", with "superheroes" like this. Safe sex in many ways is healthy and not some evil that is clearly the character Richard Gere is obsessed with finding. Sexual "Crusade" We have not learned anything from the latest scandals involving priests and young men! Or how long can an American teen see violent violence in "pg-13" but he can't see the breast of a woman until "R-18"!?!? (Also, these target industries with sexual perversions like this "American pie" series for examples) increase the level of child testers to a certain extent, but eliminate them and put them underground in the development of amulet to what is not. good for health! All sexual activities (According to overall acceptance), including better individuals, some "correct" cases. Nut that blames his bad luck and shortcomings in "The Life of Others" (a new German movie that will work well in comparison 2 different and the world Very similar features). Like here in that movie, you may be impressed by the actors who show the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> <br /> I'm very disappointed with Richard Gere especially. after "Hunting Party" recently is a feature that he shines and is a more realistic "hero" (After the truth as well) But then it reminded me that all those people are just actors who are paid to play someone's politics, social agenda, "herd" and "hidden beast" 2. The head of the original beast that is hidden))) It warns you if anyone who has a similar view of WHOLE as Erroll Babbage is here. Their own safety will kill the family. My Up until now, the 0.00001 chance of Paul Jerrod in everyone's life will ... <br /> <br /> Finally, I recommend this to everyone who thinks negatively about my particular "assessment". The movie (and "not accepting" actually), so you should have a similar idea as I do, nothing sweet, then the propaganda movie shot myself in the "foot."))))) When I agree with this rating Is not a feature for teenagers or children; Just because the best will confuse them even more, "general" beliefs of "money + reputation + fashion" and methods related to sex, "scream" series and such films at least ATAST There is an entertainment value set. (Although it is a hint in my opinion) but this is just another "Believe me, I know what is good for you" deep (not well done, I might add) Subliminal messages
