It's like this ... You put the DVD and the most professional looking thing you saw in the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distributor and at this point you know that you have just been snatched. <Br /> <br /> People generally believe enough to think that if something is put on the DVD, it will be at a certain level - at the least financial if not creative. Unfortunately, this is not the case for the distribution company to be perfectly happy to collect amateur movie DVDs and send them directly to the store to wait for unsuspecting buyers who are attracted by a DVD cover designed like good The weight behind this project, in particular, should be a pioneer of horror independent films like Kevin J Lindenmuth, which may have been known among fans of the genre because he was responsible for other low-budget werewolf movies. "Blood of the Werewolf" consists of three short werewolf stories that have no real connection in addition to the fact that they The plunger of the first genetically segment "Blood Reunion" determines the total ... a man who returns to his hometown to find a girl with a crush. But found that her grandmother refused to release her Have relationships with men and for any reason related to the secrets of the black family This sector is not good, bad reviews and in general there is nothing better than what you can gather with friends and home video cameras. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably the strongest in Three people and directed by Lindenmuth. It tells the story of one of the lesbian couples who is a shapeshifter and another who wishes to gain this power. Her desire has been But she did not become a creature that she imagined This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than other filmmakers working on this project. But it is not enough to raise the level of amateur movies. <br /> <br /> And finally, we have "Manbeast" "which some military forces run through the forest while being chased by a group of friends. The other two They wanted to kill him while he was bitten by a beast and believed to be dangerous. But all may not be as seen This one has an interesting concept. But it will stretch for too long and if you don't guess "twisting" in the first ten minutes, you may not be too bright The sum of the problems with all these DVDs ... A few good ideas are enough to prove spending money on this. After all, will you pay for pictures that you can draw yourself?
