First of all, I want to say that I love the sketch "Ladies 'Man on SNL. I always laugh out loud at Leon Phelps' image of Tim Meadows. However, there is a difference between an 8 minute sketch and a lengthy movie. Watch Leon, show him and express rude comments to his listeners and come with all sorts of groups for his performances, such as "The Lady Man Presents ..." which is reminiscent of There is a great episode that Cameron Diaz plays as Monica Levinsky and Leon plays Bill and they call it "The Oral Office". Look, it's funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the movie, we don't see Leon on the list too often. In fact, he was kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his true love quest, involving a mysterious letter that fell to his houseboat, signed by "Sweet Thing", the famous Karyn Parsons in the Hillary Show in "Fresh Prince." of Bel Air "working with him on the list and having secrets about Leon This film has only one pile of boring after another. And the porch is boring as well The first time we saw Leon talking about the word "palace", it was funny. When he repeatedly used it, trying to laugh, the joke began to dry. Most of the jokes he uses in this movie are the jokes that we heard before and do better on SNL sketches and play boringly throughout the hour and twenty-five minutes. They also tried to enter the musical number by Will Ferrell and his Ladies' Man hate group, which everyone wanted to destroy him because their wife had a relationship with him. Ferrell had a funny time and tried to do his best from an offensive role. Ferrell had a unique comic ability and he was funny at almost everything he did. Even Julianne Moore still has a pendant. See you, you can not but wonder "What is the best actress who won the Oscar made in the film ?? !!!!" Her name is not mentioned in the opening credit - may be Consent from her And of course, this movie must have a Master of Love by himself. Billy Dee Williams Billy is good, as always. But still he couldn't breathe in this movie. I also have to add that the soundtrack is full of gentle R & B hits that make this movie even worse, making it look horrible worse as if the script wasn't boring. I mean, this is "supposed" to be funny. The soundtrack should be suitable for something like "Love Jones". <br /> <br /> "The Ladies Man" has only laughter. With live exceptions, can create great movies from short bodies, watch the movie "Wayne's World" both, and you will see how it is finished. But this movie is like adjusting the character of Mary Catherine Gallagher to the screen in "Superstar" showing the flip side. Some sketches are for remembering on SNL and not on the silver screen. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (full 10)
