The second half of Steven Soderbergh's biography about Che Guevara involves his last campaign in exporting the revolution to Bolivia. In order to preserve the face of the Soderbergh saint easily, jumping frogs executed him as president after the revolution in Cuba and the folly of adventure in Congo. ("This is a history of failure", he wrote in the preface of the Congo journal) to concentrate fully on Che's efforts to support the congregation to rise against the government in Bolivia. It will become a catastrophe and the final action of Guevara. <br /> <br /> The thing that is filled with the first chapter after the suit here, while Soderbergh slows down his film to crawl to study the nature. Jevara's jolly, such as James Dean in the East of Eden by Bernicio Del Toro. The problem is that Guevara had little success in receiving a convert, and he soon found himself and his famine companion swallowed up. Go in Bolivian jungle in the heart of darkness. Unlike Werner Herzog in the beautiful Akirre, the wrath of God, Soderberg could not use the comparative possibilities of the forest to increase the level of despair of guerrillas. It seems that he is more concerned about keeping Che's rain clouds over his head rather than exploring the horrifying scene of the dead. There was a time when Herzegovina, which Che sat, straddled his horse and screamed for it to move. But the overall scene of Soderbergh is still smooth and uninteresting. <br /> <br /> In both of his films, Soderbergh shows that he is clearly a Che group and because of his focus. Probably short-sighted and narrow He spent too much time creating his monuments for Che, and too little to develop his relationship with the important players in his fairy tale. In particular, Fidel Castro made matters worse by a slow method. And not indifferent, which never caught fire. Everyone thought that he received enough attention from Eisenstein and Vertov to realize that the sweeping change was better launched with style. These sweep
