I've reviewed videos for Joe Bob Briggs "We Are The Weird" newsletter. I see people who have a very bad smell. But this is the worst thing, and many years ago it was not good - it is still the most inappropriate crime for movies I've seen. Don't understand me wrong - CAGED TERROR has more technical ability than speaking. MONSTER-A-GO-GO or GUY from HARLEM or something like that What makes her claim stable as the worst movie of all time for me is a unique combination of bare expertise with disabilities. Is it the opinion of Vietnam? Ecological protest? Provoking a riot in the competition? Human humanitarian education to humans? A new exercise to extend the natural image to a feature length (almost)? Briefly speaking: Young Hep professionals (Probably the most nasty screen character) persuaded Americans of Asian descent - husband to camp in the forest with him After defeating her by clapping as part of the hour, they ran across two veterans who lost their way to Jarvis. (Righteous brother) and Troubadour (Manson family, guitar-toting rejection) Hey, synopsis! Tension! action! Suspense! Okay, not just the wonderful scenes that were trapped in the scene of random wire cock shots and contempt. Victims in the question stared indifferently that the arresting and muttering "No ... no ... please ... not ..." At the same time, Jarvis said to Troubadour "Trouby" Every two minutes, there is nothing as much as the Juan Picquer's POD PEOPLE alien star. That's all that happened in CAGED TERROR. And that conclusion might make it almost endure. But believe me, I have seen thousands of movies in my life, and this story has remained for the past eight years since the first time I saw it the worst. (I appeared in the old VCR every two years or More than that, just to build confidence for yourself and to assure yourself of course.) I think the elements that make the evil of CAGED a nasty thing. D: What would happen, though. Happening is quite bad and slow. What makes it truly impossible to detect is the feeling of suffocation that filmmakers really want to push some messages into your throat, but because CAGED TERROR is free. Ability and inefficiency, so what is intended to be a lesson, citizens will become a wrong path when feeling unwell. This movie has a length of 75 minutes and feels like three and a half hours. It's really terrible. People trust me. I see GHOSTS walking on and this is worse than watching! You will thank me And cursed me For recording my favorite genre: (in evil But perhaps once) "Yes, you probably think that Solomon's music is a symbol for Christ's love for the church ...!" (Note: must be delivered in the form of cooperation)
