I saw positive reviews on this board, trying to revive this movie from a lackluster state. I see that speaking violently - "I guess this movie is not an angry matter" "This movie is not Shakespeare" etc. Try to guess, not "Road Trip"! And I laughed out ** during this movie! There are ways to make rude jokes, tasteless and laughable. And there is a way to ... just make it crude and tasteless "whipped" trying to be "swingers" without intelligence or intelligence It seems to be written through the innocent eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For the sake of God, the characters in this movie should be white-collar, honest citizens - and they talk about the stupid I know in the first year of high school ! The dialogue is doped - like drowning - with four letters. You will think that people in their status will have some level of intelligence - and more comprehensive vocabulary. Just watch the movie Whit Stillman and you'll see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the conversation sounds completely unrealistic and serious. If you know a successful white-collar businessman who speaks like a character in this movie - please let us know and introduce me to them. Their annoying sex teasing is equivalent to a standard locker room chat among teenagers who have just arrived at puberty. There is no clear understanding about relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It is a terrible excuse to show the ultimate - and don't use the word "ultimate" because it's allowed because I mean it wholeheartedly. This is a joke without substance. The gags that are meant for moaning rather than laughter The final scene between Amanda Pete and her girlfriend is not entirely demanding and unbelievable. There are some movies related to the interaction between women written by men (straight) and miraculously played. This scene involves sexual metaphors and gestures. It involves conversations that you can't imagine from the mouth of women. It is clearly one of the scenes written by men. I don't believe it for a second. <br /> <br /> "Whipping" is a flat-hearted fantasy man, as if it were annoying. I was very (very) laughed out of the most memorable comedy. And that may be the result of despair When you don't laugh for a long time, you have to look for humor in the most annoying things. So I won't mark it as positive.
