As a music student, I think movies made in the conservatory should be fun to watch. I know a little ... (I don't know if this movie was made from Britney Spears's book.) This film is unbelievable. Clearly, anyone who wrote the script never walked into the greenhouse and didn't know anything about classical music. Let me give you a few examples: 1) There is no way anyone can attend a classical music school without classical training! Just a good pop sound is not enough. In addition, that is a totally different thing - different types, different techniques. It's like playing a violin when applying for a viola class. 2) Why do women teach music theory in the jury singing? If you are not a singing teacher, you wouldn't say anything in that situation, and if you were a teacher, singing, why didn't we tell us? 3) The ability to read music is essential if you have to study music. 4) Angel How to hold that video tape That will be kept secret for the eyes of the jury only Now she has received a tape from a teacher or the author who has no clue. I wonder ... 5) The professor sang for Holly Carmen's song that she "had a range" which she wasn't clear. Yes, you can sing, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano. While Holly's voice looks a bit lighter 6) Worst of all: Not only movies will show shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music. But it was not trying to hide the song that Angela sang was too much to be remembered, which is a visibly painful truth in the narrative that it was shamefully cut - Mozart is rolling in the hole. His corpse Habanera from Carmen sounds strange at times as well, and the way it was rearranged at the end shows how the producers think about classical music - very hard and boring. But hey, adding drums and electric guitars and almost as good as Britney Spears! I know that these are small details, but it's easy to avoid them with little research. However, I may choose to suspend my disbelief if the characters and the storyline are well explained. But without that, I can't find the exchange feature in this movie except for one thing: it's good for laughing.
