I was thrilled when I heard that they eventually made this horrific event into a movie of all ages (80s of Southern California) and issues (drug industry and pornography) were of interest to me. I think this will be an absolute shot. I am not excited about choosing Kilmer as Holmes. They do not have the same physical or gesture characteristics. I guess he sells tickets? However, I am happy to overlook this and give a fair picture. I was slightly shocked that only four people were in the theater with me on the first day of the show. Now the crime and all the stories in this movie are hard to do. I will accept that. There is no witness to this violent and cruel act. John Holmes is there. But he is a pathological liar and worried about what will happen to his family (and himself) if he talks to the police about it In fact, Holmes never testified that what had happened and the crime was not resolved. So this is one of the great mysteries, which is the secret that this film does not do anything to show. People who write screenplays have critical judgment and most of the main characters die. However, there is no real story. It is a scattered sparrow. Light scripts and actors try to make the lines look more difficult. This film doesn't have any insights about Holmes or others involved. Kilmer's character is long gone, stretching his girlfriend, boring, funny police. Even Kudrow tried hard to make the role look subtle. It is a shallow and daring piece that can be boring. The director tried to turn it into a love story. It's a good thing unless you really know anything about John John junk parts. Perhaps watching some of Anderson's "Boogie Nights" might help. Here, "Boogie Nights" is innovative and exciting in all aspects. On the other hand, this film is smooth and has no real charm or style. Even the song didn't make sense to play Duran Duran in the scene that should have happened in the 1980s. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot may have a great movie from this horrible event. But i haven't seen I haven't even seen a good person. (Unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene from Boogie Nights)
