Takashi Shimizu has a wonderful opportunity to create his original film, Ju-On The Grudge. While I didn't see this movie, I had to bet that there was more imagination and originality. (Or fraudulent initiatives or in other words is a skill known to Tropis known in Japanese ghost movies). Perhaps the script may have been written to attract some attention or I could guess that access for those Watch Americans Things that start with certain potentials - a hint of something that has happened so much with Bill Pullman's sudden movement - just completely confused. And as a horror movie? <br /> <br /> The tensions may arise with the situation - the nurse will take care of the disturbed woman in a haunted house - but he does everything he wants the audience to feel. Fear? What is the time of some songs, so you know when it will happen? Black cats? Yes why not just But makes the ghost child sound like a creepy cat, which is creepy if you want a cat plot? Why not just switch between the past and the present without the flow of true storytelling? (Meaning while the event was inserted and intended to be organic with the overall story, not) or for that Regardless of whether we are interested in anyone performing the drama, <br /> <br /> When it's time for the character or the person who is there to express themselves, go tell us what happened or whatever. Making movies is absurd (for example, the 180-degree rule is destroyed many times and is not in a forgiving or interesting style) and the show is made of wood, even if it looks scary or shocking. (Gaillard is disappointing Later, after his first scene Although Shimizu tried to fear "Boo" on average, for example, when a woman was in an office building and was chased by Grudge but still stupid Just watching when she was up the elevator and the ghost was in the background. No matter where you go with it, and if there is more power for you or you will laugh like crazy at the result of my subsequent countdown, <br /> <br /> I'm not entirely sure whether this project is wrong or not. Must be refurbished for the studio or did he not improve his vision enough? Or maybe Raimi would say something in it and make things confused and / or boring than they would be with others Discontent gives us a lot of information that is not reasonable or at least makes us afraid of animal food to chew. It is a trash that is sad.
