The audience that flows into everything, including the title sequence (Now very funny) will make us believe that this is a miracle in some movies. But believe me, it is one of the most embarrassing movies you have ever seen and if you 'don't laugh in five minutes, I will say that you have lost humor. <br /> <br /> David Niven plays the RAF pilot. That is disrespectful and stubborn that is considered appropriate to have an impressive participation (woman) who controls air traffic in an emotional conversation about love, just as he is plunging into Dead serious and violent (Not romantic ...) Of course, he escaped from metaphysical events and bathed on the beach, just as the same air traffic controller rode on her bike. (They hug each other immediately) <br /> <br /> Look through the strange things about same-sex love. (So ​​above, you need to refer to them as supertexts. Really from naked children sitting naked in the sand. Twilight Zone theme of the movie on his little flute to the heavenly courier, so the arrangement / queen-y, his makeup was caked on more thoroughly than women '), the most bizarre appearance of the movie is the way Weave such bad cartoons Of national and racial patterns in complex attempts to argue certain issues about universal nature and the power of love. We understand - flying men like women in skirts and heels and women like 'em back and clearly see things All you have to do is cry a little to make it enough that your movie will receive 10 stars on IMDB .. <br /> <br /> For the quality of production D / editing is bad enough to cause an unflattering light, and perhaps worse. But you rarely have time to observe because the script is bad. There are games that are played with Tex Color. (Regardless of whether heaven is black and white, if you can understand that feeling) and predictions (Very funny, my audience members who like to watch movies like this, really cheer and laugh at that. Finally, the doctor's motorcycle was severely destroyed and the freezing movement (Which is the most fun because the actress leads the poor woman to a standstill, you know that the stage hand is looking at the camera The stairs were almost the steps of Odessa to say the least, and I warned everyone from the feeling that they had to see weak attempts to create The films in their accounts. The overall movie is bad enough to be funny and that's the best thing I can say.
