Well, what ?! During the correct time that two amateur redneck scientists discovered cave paintings showing that some strange dinosaurs might have lived in the area for thousands of years ago, a burning meteorite crashed into the lake and hatched. The monster's eggs ?? I think for over a thousand years! "The Crater Lake Monster" is a movie that must be truly believed. But you should do it in your friends' company and Ghana to make it easier to digest. Yes, this is a terrible movie that has the best screenplay possible, including a large amount of space that is totally embarrassing. But it is incredibly charming and irresistible and you must love it Half of the movie ?? at least ?? Revolve around the tumultuous adventures of Arnie and Mitch. Two local people own and operate a boat rental shop near the lake. But spent most of the time choosing the nose and quarreling with interesting things, such as spelling the word "victim" in most cases, in the original situation of Laurel and Hardy that found blood, puddles or heads that were right Cut the head in the lake Steve Hanson is the sheriff. But not clear in this case But if he is not too busy, the gangsters who travel through the area Halfway through the movie, suddenly there was a sudden scene about thieves robbing a liquor store and killing two people in the process. This period of the book "WTF" seems to be on the other side of the country, such as in New York City or something like that, and there is nothing to do with the events at the crater lake. Only twenty minutes later, the thief reappeared in Hicksville and there was a "chase" that exhilarated through the forest and ended up in Dino's mouthful mouthpiece. "The Crater Lake Monster" is too much to say! For example, this might be the only creature that the player discovered a huge footprint after they saw a real monster. The fool in continuity should be as legendary as I am concerned. It's like everyone forgot to pay attention to it. The night turns into twilight, turning into a day and returning to twilight ?? All in one session and the same daily course! The monster is the best aspect of the film. Undeniably, especially when it passes through the old and cute style, the cute Critter is Plesiosaur; Means a dinosaur in the water that looks like a cross between Denver, the last dinosaur and the crocodile. "Crater Lake Monster" is a unique and memorable movie experience that I can only encourage to follow! The scoring of 1 in 10 pathetic is not in principle. (And because in general, this movie is terrible) should have a view because I might give 10 out of 10 for true entertainment value
