Maybe I feel bad about Hindi movies. Recently, I asked a video store for Apharan (Prakash Jha), but the new version is still not available. So I have to pay for this It turned out to be the most stupid Hindi movie I've ever seen. (And I've seen it) is not surprising that BOllywood is a laughing stock around the world! If IMDb has a negative rating, I will give Garam Masala -10. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing a TV show about a jubilant premiere that they had for release in Mumbai. All celebrities and close friends appeared. For some strange reason, expecting good things from Piyadarashan. I don't like Hulchul, Hungama or any of his other movies. Hulchul may be dubbed from Tamil or Telugu to find a very loud voice on the face of the fare that once again does Has made much sense, except in the latest Bollywood CXXP flick, proving that this man has no brain Who makes him a director, even a Bollywood director on that matter? <br /> <br /> Continue with the movie right now. What started when a romantic adventure became a hunt for a woman without feelings. Two fashion photographers working for a shared apartment magazine (It is not similar to No Entry that both dudes work for gossip magazines and share offices or Jezuz Christ. They are now copying their own stories!) Some chefs or chefs who try to help Dodo one in Seeking multi-tasking love (multi-tasking + multi-time) What happened? Finally, I don't know. I closed halfway What waste is ridiculous? I can't believe that they will be released. And a sadistic way to indulge in your own filth! For the audience that they do it - the illiterate Indian people (700 million people in the last count) or NRI desis low heels who live in Phoren, either in any way. Both groups have clues that make the movie good and may deserve the bad things. <br /> <br /> It's a short review because there's nothing to write about. But the normal grade F garbage bag Bollywood should change its name to Follywood and yes, this review is better than many movies.
