I never understand why some people don't like Bollywood movies: they have charismatic actors, great dance numbers and increased emotions - don't like anything. What I didn't realize was me. Only saw the top shell of Bollywood. Then I watched "Garam Masala". I can tell from the first scene that this is not a movie I would like. (This film opens with the editing of the two, leading to driving around the city and apparently happened accidentally in the photo settings set. I hope everything will improve Sadly, they didn't. The main problem is that the two main characters, Mac & Sam, are not completely sympathetic. They used the movie both a lie to women - and brutally lied - to get them to sleep and the audience should find it funny and charming. The boy is shameless and inefficient and not in a cute way. Mac went so far as to find a woman to prevent her from discovering his cheating. The script is very bad with repetitive scenes, settings that do not lead to anything, and irrational actions and words by characters. In fact, the characters were never really developed. Men are detained, greedy and women are pretty alternate. If you go to watch this movie, you probably think "flight attendant" is quite easy to pass from one person to another. In fact, betrayal is not a joke. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot I found in the movie was a dance number with wonderful scenes and a few striking moments related to the story. French-French, but Bollywood dance is more fun than in movies designed by Farah Khan and for slapstick, you may go straight to the quiet comedies of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, which seem to influence. The author / director Priyadarshan, not least Priyadarshan also uses fake credit to create the story: the basic evidence of the plot was stolen from playing in the 1960s "Boeing Boing" Marc Camoletti, the original author This work was praised here, at least Priyadarshan changed the name for this remake instead of blatantly using the original without giving credit as he did in the 1985 version of the same story. (According to the IMDb credit list)
