Based on the average short story of the horror writer Stephen King about a creature called a cat like an ancient animal that is 'immortal' and immortal that sucks life out of virgins so that this energy can sustain them. They have supernatural abilities. Which means that they will not be able to see and can create an illusion that is too weak to fool people. They have escaped humans for centuries and were chosen one by one until only two stories left. Beautiful and her son Came to a sleepy city, they were the last of the sleepwalkers, and they were prowling to allow the virgins to eat The mother sent her son to enroll in a local high school so he could meet his virgin daughter (Madchen Amick) and try to find her alone so he could suck her. It is not clear why the mother could not find a virgin by herself - it would make things easier as anyone thought it would be because a teenager tended to follow a more beautiful girl in a quieter area than a child. Teenage girl However, his plans were thwarted as the young woman fought back, squeezing the pencil head into his ear. There is a call to the police and the hunt is in progress! The son was sick from the injury, so the mother went to kill the police on the left and right to hunt down the girl who attacked her son and sprayed the carrier painfully among torpedoes. Eventually the girl killed the movie's mother. This movie is rubbish! The performances vary from the average Brian Krause to Alice Krige. The wonderful, special effects are ordinary and show a few interesting computer effects that are a little interesting because they show that these things are progressing. How much in a short time That direction was messy and the movie fell into the camp in various places. The director seemed unsure whether we should be afraid of sleepwalking or sympathizing with them, and when in doubt would cause the movie to become hysterical. Stephen King creates a comical film that is as gentle as an annoying gardener, as well as Mark Hamil, who is a puzzling cop. Alice Krige seems to be tinted. Her character is deep and she shows. That this movie has a good screenplay and has a better direction
