So in Chills network on cable, they have "Vampire Month". I'm a stupid person. But i love vampires So after drinking a few times they showed me that I was quite disappointed. But then I noticed that Sleepwalkers was written by Stephen King, so I decided to go ahead and check it. Much to my surprise, this film wasn't really good. Stephen King's movies are mostly entertaining and some of them are very scary. While the sleepwalker is not good, it's a bad thing. I have a good time laughing in this movie and just use it for what it is. I never read Sleepwalkers from what I understand. This is a true vampire story by King. So I can't compare books with movies. I don't know if it's just my TV. But the sleepwalker seems to be a TV Special effects are repetitive, and the story is quite profound, even though it's a fantasy. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother Mary are vampires that nourish the lives of innocent women. They are more flexible than humans and have the power of psychic and illusion. Their only weakness is a cat that is not only But can only see through their illusions But with claws that can cause severe mortality They also maintain a relationship that is unreasonable. Charles and Mary lived in small Indiana. Charles attended a local high school and met Tanya Robertson in the class. Creative writing Tanya didn't doubt the real reason why Charles wanted her so much. To use her life force for his hungry mother At first it seemed that Charles was in love with Tanya. On their first day, however, picnic at a nearby cemetery, Charles tried to drain life from Tanya while kissing her. When it happened, the sheriff's assistant, Andy Simpson, who had previously tried to pull Charles to drive, went to the cemetery and noticed Charles's car. When Tanya ran to him for help, Charles tracked Andy down and killed him. When Charles turned to use his life with Cetusian, the deputy cat representative Clovis rose again and almost killed Charles by scratching him on his face and chest. Seriously wounded by Clovis, Charles walked home to find Mary. Mary is trying to get revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> <br /> So, in order to summarize this film, in general, you should expect cheese to overflow. The scene in which Charles Tanya attacked for the first time was very boring and you almost voted for Charles to win because Tanya was one of the most stupid actresses in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene in which Mary has a gun and shoots it in the police car and everything blows up. God bless Hollywood's explosion and exaggeration. I was shooting this movie, what was so bad that it became a dark comedy for me that I could enjoy creating it. I'm not sure if this is something that Stephen King wants to see his story or not. But he has a general pendant in the movie So my suggestion, if you watch this movie, just take it to do what it is and don't think much, it's an irrational entertainment with repeated effects, poor castings, stupid stories. Is a lot of cats. "<br /> <br /> 4/10
