I have to agree with other opinions and even go a step further. <br /> <br /> There's nothing about this movie. Del Mar, our main character, decided to be a surrogate mother to earn enough money to buy a restaurant. But on the way he fell in love with a prudent prison At the same time, her friend Hortense tried to bring her boyfriend, a lawyer, to marry her. Finally, she still sleeps with Marlon, who desperately loves her. Then there is Jethro, Delmar's younger brother, who is related to the former Coke addict Missy revealed that she was sexually abused by her adoptive father. On the field, we still have strange people with the same strange friends, one of which died on the sofa at the beginning of the movie. Until now is very good But after introducing these characters and stories that tell about life, death, grief and love in the first half, the movie lacks direction. <br /> <br /> If the author chooses only one or two characters and allows Let us keep track of their stories. May be a good story. But at the same time the screen was given to everyone with the result that there was no story or full character. For example, why did Del Mar think she would be able to deliver her child in exchange for money, especially? When the prospective ruler is a creepy big lawyer and his alcoholic and depressed wife? Why is Horten so desperate to marry a man who clearly jerks and doesn't love her? How is it that Missy manages to kick her coke habit overnight? Jethro attracts women with overwhelming problems on a regular basis or is Missy an exception? Is the mother of Delmar and Jethro in the wrong side or is it faster than this? Why Jethro likes Cadillac to have a room in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend many years in prison for stealing cars that were a relatively minor crime? How does Del Mar have a way to raise the children of Moses when there is no suggestion that they have sex? <br /> <br /> These questions are posted in the movie script. But did not receive a sad answer I can assume that they have been answered in the original novel and that is why the author feels that they need to be included in the script. The big mistake. The loss of many subspecies, especially the story of Hortense and Marlon, which did not add anything to the film as a whole, will make things very tight and give more time to develop the characters of Delmar, Jethro and Moses. <br /> <br /> Enhance the style of pedestrian supervision that is seen outside the average TV drama and the result is an opportunity not to be missed for everyone, including Jorja Fox who makes her the best material. I was not surprised that this story seemed to be the final film of the director because this effort did not show the visual style or the ability to tell a moving and intelligent story.
