This film doesn't shake as others say. I find it really boring and ridiculous. A story about this high school boy who praised this evil heavy metal singer. The singer died But not before creating one final album that will be played on the exact radio midnight on Halloween (which will actually make it on November 1, a day with very little potential to make sure) children receive copies of Record and play messages, hide hidden secrets It is also the key that opens the door so bad metal singers can come back to bring disaster and death to the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not horror. But after After Special, we saw metal children (outsiders) suffering with popular children. And he failed to learn the most important lesson in the film. High school: When children who look cool at bullying, you invite you to join the party. Don't go! It's a trap Especially if it's a pool party Everyone was surprised when he ended up in the water ?? It was After School Special that I was waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to come and teach Jodie Foster. <br /> <br /> So go back to the horror section of this movie. Therefore, this metal child has gained power and instead uses them to kill the bully boy. (Which should have more reasons) So he went out and tried to protect all the boys and girls who were bullied from danger? A delicate hero? What is fun in horror movies? Thank God, Carrie White didn't follow this lesson. In fact, he tried to prevent playing music at Halloween Dance, a lot of songs that can release the power to kill all children who have meaning to him. If it was me, I would play that song immediately. <br /> <br /> The rest of this movie is about a metal boy who walks around the city trying to kill the horrible metal stars that he had. idol Why not partner with him and do the damage you really ask? Why? It seems that he loves a famous woman and doesn't want her to be hurt .. Suitable for the movie Molly Ringwal. Is this a horror movie or a episode of Beauty and the Beast? This movie continues at this point without fear, horror or anything that should be viewed. If you go to high school in the late 1980s, as I do, this movie is fun to go back to fashion and big hair. But that is the story of this movie Skip and stay home and listen to KISS.
