Antonini, by creating this film, assumes the role of Papasmer for American students who are the Smurfs radical. He led them to the protection of the Communist wing of Europe, which showed appreciation and supported the confusing methods of the American people. (These Smurfs are red and wear blue, not the other way around). Smurfs that are different from the original are happily guided by old gray-haired men who are regularly with the Lord of Smiles. Long hairs with regular hair Another wise old man whose beard makes Smurfs take him more seriously because it is a symbol of something wise, even though they don't know why they think that the beard affects them. like this Castro, another smart bearded man, often benefits from this confusion and unleashes a magical power with his beard over innocent domestic admirers. (Not to mention Che Guevara: The beard has je-ne-sais-pas-quoi. About it makes us want to embrace Marx immediately and his lovely teachings ??) The movie begins with a folly of stupid meetings. Radical students who participate in conversations that define the word "confusing" are truly confusing, like a blind dog who falls down a tall building into a deep hole. Suddenly, the "hero" of this film (Antonio's hero) got up and said something to his pathetic left-wing friend and left, hoping that the performance of This "greatness" will improve his image of James Dean. Of being placed with the best "chicks" in a hippie orgy group Eventually he had problems with the police (such as pigs) in the rally and using movies under the blue American capitalism looking for freedom? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable attack on capitalism is not only But only with intelligence It is a one-dimensional police that has the same happy triggers. Businessmen talk about business agreements. (And what happened to that was not how Antonioni's film was created) and the TV commercials and unethical advertising signs. The product deteriorated for a group of people with selfish and greedy hatred that thought that none other than themselves, their families, their work and their children Papa Smurf Antonioni Smurfs -haired and Smurfettes in the late 60s fell. Failing to observe the most clear and important aspects of their stupid movements, they were allowed to have a laughing meeting and comment The establishment is freely within that establishment. Countries that they cannot appreciate the left wing system (And still not doing) as much as the biggest irony about hippies - and Antonio didn't realize this as well (His judgment was overshadowed by cocaine - cocaine and excessive amounts of LSD) - that is, hippies are rubbish. This is incredibly irony. In the only successful capitalism you will find a species called "hippies"; The ungrateful, ungrateful and selfish bunch of middle class and middle class losers. <br /> <br /> The movie itself seems to be going on forever. Antonini spends his sweet time with him, while also including scenes that don't have too much time with high dull factors. His efforts about symbols are annoying and tiring. His words are quite suspicious. This film is the method of Antonioni that says that the revolution is a serious solution. And this is what we get from the dirty, dirty, old movie makers who live in the vacation home and dine in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> <br /> I can't remember seeing it. important person Western movies about the Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China But when one Western student was shot in front of Che Guevara on all of our faces, we immediately received ten movies about it. I think this means that Chinese life is less than a thousand times the Westerners. At least for the left-wing hypocrites who disturb movies. <br /> <br /> If you are a hippie Marxist and don't like this horrible review, please click "No" below.
