This movie is a past performance and can be seen from other contexts. It is an incredibly stupid movie. Heck can be seen in the right context. It's terrible !! Mostly because of stupid plans and self-supervision by Michelangelo Antonioni, the famous Italian director. In this case, he tried to combine art style movies with anti-hippie movies and succeeded in creating a massive explosion. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a large number of rap sessions. Where "students sit and repeat words like "People power" and complaining about "men" When considering that most of these hippies have parents, sending them to college, it seems a bit silly for these excluded children to complain loudly and Shouting revolutionary words Soon, violence between students and "pig builders" broke out and the police were killed. Our "hero" Mark may or may not have done. But he was forced to run to avoid being prosecuted Instead of heading to Mexico or Canada, he can do what only one retarded person can do - steal an airplane and fly to the Mojave Desert! There he met a chick, then they sat around for the sage for hours. Then they had sex in a strange sex scene in movie history. When they turn around in dust, other couples appear from where and there are many fun scenes. While you see a little skin (Guaranteed rating R) It's not as clear as it should be. In fact, it has been used for a long time and it seems that the choreography is disturbing. And of course, when finished, many other couples disappeared in the air. <br /> <br /> Oddly, the two later draw the plane with help and seem to be Peter Max. Despite improving the appearance of the evil police plane, it responded to the return of the aircraft by shooting a good revolution. When the young woman discovers her going into a semi-peaceful state and the movie ends with her imagining the destruction of her own fascist pigs and all the evil they endure. (Such as hard work and responsibility) instead of a simple one-time bomb, you'll see the same big house exploding about 8 times, then mysteriously. You'll see TVs, refrigerators and other things exploding in slow motion. While stupid, it's quite good-looking - when David Letterman explodes things or breaks things in his list. <br /> <br /> In addition to the plot, nonsense. One favorite character, as well as extensive editing at least 15 minutes, can be easily removed to speed things up, especially because there are not many plot or dialogue. The most important thing is that this movie is an incredibly dumb movie, and I'm not surprised to see it in the book "The Fifty Worst Films" by Harry Medved. It is worth getting from the pantheon. this For this famous director who will spend a lot of money on making movies that are cheating, that's a crime! <br /> <br /> The last two observations If you like to laugh in stupid hippie movies, check out Jack Billy's experiment. In addition, in the case of imitation of life, lead actor Mark Frechette shows his role in real life. He died at the age of 27 in prison for a few years after participating in the "revolution" in which he and some friends robbed the bank and killed innocent hippies. Red !!
