The sequel of this film presents an excellent level of credibility as an insidious troupe. Stanley Caldwell returned this time to infiltrate the film production of the novel he wrote to drown in the garden. Show Hollywood with fun with the cheek mouth, filming, the dictatorial director who slept with the actress (looking for the way up the stairs) and doesn't like anyone who challenges them for a complete focus. Brian Krause, who I think is very scary to the point that the words feel incredibly forced, portrays the director's loud, temperamental voice that doesn't like the fact that his second director and writer John screenplay Alison (.. plays Dahlia Salem) seems to control the production of Andrew Moxham Paul Parsons, who is the brother of the victim from the first film. The dark humor of this movie takes the idea of ​​a serial killer who actually works as a movie director and takes advantage of these things for a good price. Nelson came back again with the ability of his mental role without any problems with Stanley, who was clever, like having used his brain to control the production of movies, killing anyone he had to fully control his work. That way .. until Alison realizes who Stanley really is. Alison is an ambitious writer who wants to gather the essence of her story .. What inspires Stanley to kill the reason he will do that and what makes this man down the dark path. this? Alison's humor. Actually, working with that man is part of the words that are the heart of this dark comedy thriller. Of course, you will inevitably have to face Alison and Stanley with an incredibly ridiculous and incredible conclusion about the killer's fate (.. tablets are hard to swallow). Unlike the first film filmed with complex shadows, director Po-Chih Leong uses unnecessary techniques that are not necessary. (Such as shooting strange angles, all forms of slow motion in sepia colors and many other cases, including video recordings) and rather disturbing instead of creating impressions This sequel for me is not as much as the original, with a lot of humor that is less effective and clearer.
