Want a pure lesson and sadly fail? Do not look further "The Wizard of the Lost Kingdom" The Poor Poor Terror As we all know well, moovies tend to germinate, scary offspring: "Halloween" gave birth to many people, many of whom were not good in the 1980s; "Mad Max" gave birth to many bad people. The wilderness of the future "The very temple and the" Conan the Barbarian "cause incredible horrifying and terrifying killings of the 80s, swords and magic. "The Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" undermined the bottom of the tank in the 80s in a way that truly insulted the barrel. A young man named Simon recaptured. His "great kingdom" from the evil magician with the help of fleece carpet, garden mermaid gnome, nude bimbo and tired looking Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Inglorious Bastards", "Delta Force") , The muscular b-moovie for a long time seemed to barely swing his aluminum foil sword However, he managed to defeat the evil forces that consisted of an evil shaman "Shurka" and an army of giant monsters and dwarves. At one point, the paper bat came to attack the line. But was eaten by 1/2 sock puppet hidden hidden, presenting poorly like some dragons The beginning of the movie consists of things that can only be described politely. When the bit of the scene is carried up from the floor, the cutting room of the bad moovies of the breast is sewn together in a worthless hope to set the scene for the movie. And serious storytelling Some men who never appeared again Words cannot convey the badness of this movie. Manufacturers may take Moore's money to feed Svenson's esophagus that is expanding more than the magic fx of this flick. And we are talking here. People ...: = 8P Director Hector Oliver ("Barbarian Queen") presents a mash-mash in a confusing, confusing, confusing and cliched format. With a clear linear story. The performance is terrifying, the production level is lower than the shoe rope and the plot is disgusting after another parade in front of our eyes. In fact, they created the sequel (!!!), causing the brain of MooCow to swirl James Horner's ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "The Rock"). The magic lurking from "Battle Beyond the Stars" was lifted, screaming and Brutally kicking and slashing on a turkey - bet that this is not shown in his resume. You have to see this thing to believe it. MooCow says it's a cheap car rental when there's nothing to see again. It's fun. Than watching a pair of rabbits just = 8P
