What we have here is the incomplete piece of the early 80's that will make even the greatest gangster of the cinema - speak perfectly! "The Wizard of the Lost Kingdom" is a fantasy / sword adventure and magic that is cheap and wonderful without a real storyline. But not borrowed from other films enthusiastically and unscrupulous writers Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Watched the same type of movies to know that they needed a number of necessary characters But may think that all the rest will follow automatically In order to create the fantasy adventure you want: one evil villain (There should be a black cloak) A little hero in the training of a lone warrior, a kind of furry pet, a wise man who lives in the forest) and a collection of cute colorful demons that dwarfs. As slaves and wings gargoyles for use as fillers The story is a new and original story, in which Simon, the wizard's youngest son, had to flee from his beloved kingdom after Shurka's magician took power and killed the king. Simon wants to go back to help people. But he wants a powerful ring that he lost during the escape Simon befriends a single warrior, Kor (a friend who is always cool Sv Svenson who wants a clear check of payment) that helps Simon on a long journey and is full of pain, dangerous encounters and wonderful encounters. It is well known that it doesn't sound too bad. But that's just because I cut off the little details that aren't right. Simon has the best friend, Gulfax, like Gulfax, a taro chuckback and encourages a laugh that can't be controlled at all times. That he opened a poodle, poured out to do something that was difficult to understand Obstacles during the journey back home are not related to the "plot" of fun and just acting as an extra part to cover the lack of true content. Simon had a horrific vision in the tents of wild nymphs. Which is suspicious, the old score and the nemesis that had to face with the pig, which his sister refused to marry and had The 'suicide cave' is as scary as you can. But the best and most wonderful sequence Not just this movie alone But in the history of movies? Involves the resurrection of four zombies warriors Simon awakens the legendary brave warrior, hoping that they will help them in the fight. But the rotting corpse takes just a few steps to complain about how tired and back to their graves. That's it! So much for plotting sub-zombies! The best order! I can list a few small details that are not hilarious for many paragraphs. But you get the idea "The Lost Wizards of the Kingdom" is a movie that is "bad - bad - bad" that makes it very messy. Tip: Do not watch this piece of fun alone. Invite friends, especially those with headlong types. With evil humor and group look Will it be a memorable night?
