From the beginning, you will know that this is the Sam Sherman movie more than the movie Al Adamson. Because as a credit "A Sam Sherman Production" will appear in characters as big as the name credit. Not only that, Sherman also co-wrote the screenplay, and it was his idea to use the 69-year-old West West Hollywood actor Bob Livingstone of Hollywood, who had been purified to lead the man in the picture. Thinks that it will be useful The latest success of "Swinging Stewardesses" <br /> <br /> Now, why would you want an old man with a crush on your leadership in what should be the main exploitation feature? It challenges the explanation. But that is Sam Sherman for you His passion for Hollywood has made this film a lot of international films, and he and Al Adamson are trying to get actors for their movies (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr, etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me about the population data in the drive. Know who is the second assessor of this era. It's ridiculous! <br /> <br /> But then again, "Naughty Stewardesses" is a successful image for them, so we can't write this as Sherman Fiasco. Yet according to any aesthetic standards, it's a mess. Incoherent Al Adamson wants this picture out and it's easy to see why. First of all, there is no focus type and drifting around from the extra soft core (nipples and ass / mock sex only) to the kidnapping thriller (the shade of "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo" by Steckler). Will be controlled A boring boring scene of waitresses traveling around Vegas to listen to Sparrow's songs, Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann in San Francisco photos. The worst thing is that we have received Bob Livingstone as Jacklana in the sexy blue jumpsuit outfit that tried ... gag! (Fortunately, his big sex scene with Connie Hoffmann has been erased, but you can catch him slurping on her DVD in the creepy special features) <br /> <br /> This is a terrible movie. But I will give three stars for the photograph of Gary Graver and show sympathy for Connie Hoffmann who must make it "Wrinkle" Livingstone "Naughty Stewardesses" for Al Adamson alchemists and / or academics. About exploitation From the comments of Sam Sherman presents important information all others beware.
