That was a dilemma (above) that Debbie had to face when near the production of Sherman. Naughty Stewardesses Debbie had just arrived in the city and became a flight attendant with a wealthy elderly (Which she described as being in the 50s but clearly marked the decade or two of the past decade) shooting a nude scene for the photographer she just met Key elements of the plot of abduction / coercion Debbie will do anything in the midst of emotional turmoil and search for all spirits in the name of heaven. I can't give it completely. But do not expect true sanctity here Let's face each other. Naughty Stewardesses are just what they need. (At least two-thirds pass): a soft porn movie that has many women nude and funny in the movie. The way of kitchy 70 does not have a grand art here. This film is designed to generate revenue and take advantage of the increasing trend at that time to bring the flight attendant out in the movie so that the audience can experience their secretive tastes. According to current standards, this movie is quite tame. What the film does wrong is trying to be a movie. At the end, everyone here believes that there is a slap in Debbie while on the beach, thinking about life. She will spend more time choosing the top piece that she will wear that day. Then do so. And nonsense to steal 50 Grand. It's not reasonable for me. These characters "dig" in the world. How is it? Anyone who bought Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even directed hardcore pornography? He will be lucky to work at Seven Eleven! This is, according to other reviewers, noticed that there are more parts of Sam Sherman and Aladdonson parts. You can tell when Al is full. Almost without a budget and this movie doesn't look as good as this. Adamson worked well in directing this time and I had to give Sherman credit to a certain extent. While this film is not good, just for what it intends to have, it has some style. I like credit, the introduction of animation and photos. I like sparrow's music "Silver heels" is a song that is quite catchy. This movie doesn't look right at all. Compared to ANY's horror movie for actors, yes, Bob Livingston is quite old for actors. But there are some checks on his character and what is clear that the young woman is attracted to men to spend money is also explored I have a major problem with Robert Smythe, who is terrifying in his role. Every girl has a wonderful scene, so they want something else? Naughty Stewardesses is a non-profit movie from the 70s and will serve as a living time capsule for some aspects of life over the past decade. By the way, I'm talking about it's a bad image?
