It seems that the people behind Envy realized that the recent comedies, especially those associated with Ben Stiller and Jack Black, were at a lesser level than had been a spoof situation which has continued to decline in Initiative I found Zoolander's utterly ridiculous hilarity when it was released. Starsky and Hutch were fun. Dodgeball continued to laugh for a lot of people, although personally I was bored with popular characters - Especially when the situation is not very funny (It may be a joke of a Dodgeball tournament that isn't quite translated into Australia. So, in an attempt to do a little more original, Envy moved out of a ridiculous situation and revolved around the ridiculous character of Jack Black instead. (I won't lose what it is for people who intend to watch movies.) The problem is that the movie seems to be dragged me, not a movie that is large enough to think of examples. But it seems that this setting has already been done a thousand times and almost without success So instead of a good, crisp, fun and fresh comedy, you will get movies that seem to be moving through. Of course, the movement was amusing and they centered on a strange idea enough to create laughter, especially with Jack Black, playing with excitement and amusing. On the other hand, Ben Stiller seems to have disappeared. He asked him to play a role that is more full than the ridiculous character of his Zoolander species, but he struggles as a family, whether it is wrong or not. His script For the character and the result is Ben Stiller's movie that shows general and boring attitude The performance didn't make the audience impressed. (He is just Ben Stiller, Jack Black, who really plays the character - even though it's not a challenge). The most annoying element of this movie is Christopher Walken's role as 'The J Man', which It is normal and two-dimensional as the characters come and naturally they become boring and frustrated quickly. <br /> <br /> Really can't bear as some people think it can be seen by Only If you are in the right mood (Feeling silly is necessary for watching this movie) Hire it in movie nights with friends and watch after you watch the horror movie and feel like there's something bright. Hope you are quite tricky like together In that situation, I can imagine that it will be a lot of fun. But in general it has too little laugh to carry and most of the time just laugh
