Jack Frost has no children. It's not a warm family movie about a father who comes back from the dead in the form of a snowman. It's about a savage killer when the scene is named Jack Frost, which is injected with acidic fluids and transformed into a killer snowman. I accidentally watched this movie so I could sit back and laugh. Killer snowman? Ha sounded like a perfect comedy / horror movie! Well, I am wrong, wrong. <br /> <br /> Jack Frost is a killer who is transported by truck to prison so he can fry in the chair at midnight. But it was a snowy night and it collided with a government tanker carrying a new DNA liquid. Jack fled just to be burned to death by acid and morphs into a killer snowman. He returned to the small town of Snow Monton, where he was captured by a small time sheriff. Here, he is ready to kill again. Now, as a cold-powerful snowman He can condense into the water, shoot around the ice as a spear and grow a killer canine. The only question is who will stop Frost? This movie is under the B-Movie line. But as soon as the jack is burned, it drops below the cheese and flat One show is shocking! Here we have actors who have never heard before that they can't do it. But there are no pointless characters or here to add extra coins The only good actor is Scott MacDonald, who plays Jack. He looks like a young boy Richard Kiel when combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately, his appearance has been reduced to just three minutes and all we've seen from him is a snowman. His new and his clever voice Plus his symbol is nothing but funny Groaning, stupid and bad <br /> <br /> The plot is very scary! Throughout history, there are many murderers. The killer in the killer hockey mask with a razer glove chain, wielding a chain of mentally retarded St. Bernard. But now we bow to the tasteless killer snowman! And how to introduce the character is very bad For the people I want Jack to kill the sheriff's son, I mean giving oatmeal to his father with Antifreeze in them so they won't stop. Every character is foolish and pointless and death is a joke. A woman was strangled with Christmas lights and her head was pounded into a decorative box and the girl was surrounded to death in the shower. (Where is the carrot in that scene?) <br /> <br /> And the top of this horror movie is a special technique. The first great special effect we have is Jack's DNA mixed with snow and the boys are terrible. I mean, it looks like a 60s PU art design fashion! Jack looks fake as well. He looks like a man covered with a rubber snowman. All blood and blood are wonderful things and the movie never stops with greatness. But instead of stopping at a low level, Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever created. I think it will be a riot, but not! It doesn't try to be funny and actually it tries to be scary. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, at least it makes me laugh from horror. Don't mess with this junk. Jack Frost = D +
