I said 'I think' on that line, because frankly I have never seen Hal Hartley movies before until now. Not that I had never heard him before, as he was seen as one of the little New York filmmakers (when I said small, I mean smaller than Jim Jarmus), who created a special private project. With a limited budget in a sarcastic way, like Pasolini's Salol, although in a slightly different context, but Fay Grim paid attention to me to see the more famous features of Hartley At least it seems that there is some ability behind him. * It is a very good filmmaker who may be very good. He has just been tested for a big mistake. Or, on the other hand, he may be a person who is too impressed with his own character and may be like a clash in Godard's movies. <br /> <br /> I can't explain this. Not the problem that I think But it didn't happen because I had never seen a movie that brought Faye Grim, Henry Faulk. I think even though I had experienced that, it didn't make much difference from the end result. There are many international intelligence services, two plots that are wrapped in another layer falling into a fake bag of the title character played by Parker Posey (not sure whether good or bad, maybe both ) And related to the CIA Operative (Jeff Goldblum, as usual, stable status amid the madness, even some people laughing), no need to talk about the box orgy and the author Henon Fool course it is not a script that is totally unacceptable. But it goes into a loophole that is beyond the boundary just for the sake of it, because there are some parts of a witty or witty conversation But he has a pattern that constantly causes headaches in every angle that is tilted. The character must enter the frame equally strangely Not since Battlefield Earth. Actually, the director came out annoying to try to choose an angle that is not necessary for some amazing effects. This time, Hartley is not among the group-f *** He is Mainly responsible for it. This thing, along with the Wannabe Godard magic card that appears in here and there, is a little fun and partly stupid, and editing all the images in the slide and a few. The moment associated with the action almost think of Ed Wood destructive potential that exists in the script, which is quite difficult to decipher. In a certain way, it is interesting to see how all these bad things happen. But it is a passion that has seen turning back into creative control in a small story. <br /> <br /> But let it be known: You won't find more formidable examples about creation. America's independent film this year
