This film should show the film school students that it is an example of what should not be done. The original kick of an important rubber butt. Sometimes this terrible disaster destroys the important rules of the Bruckheimer movie, which is: We all know that they suck. But they have good deeds This film has no action. This movie is boring. Where is the car Where is the chase Where is the tension Where is the doubt Where is the rush? !! ?? This is not a real movie. It's 50 bad ads in 24 hours? That is wrong. They have 3 days to steal them. The ads are wrong. How bad is it? The show led to stiffness and forced labor. The other police villain ... who cares about them talking about their pointless lines. They act in an irrational plot. They say the best they can, as the music video director says "Don't worry, we will make a quick cut and no one can notice that this movie is bad" or "We will fix it with a lot of loud music." The "script" is not a script. Total confiscation of: ------- Warning - possible spoilers ------ 5 ------ 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 - ---- 1 ------ The biggest crime of all refugees is the use of Vinnie Jones, this man .... This is the worst and void. But since most Jules in Pulp Fiction, and they do! They made him dumb, almost impossible in this movie! Causing Winnie to be the main villain and he can save the director's life How are they so stupid? how? how? why? Original movies provide entertainment with cool tips that make people drive away. The original has 40 minutes of great chase! Go find the manuscript or if you want a real chase car, go rent RONIN. Chase in Ronin, raise the level by which other car chases are settled. Bruckheimer and Cage have all the money, all the resources, all the experience and they don't Can approach the movie match 25 years ago with $ 250,000? How is that You feel like being torn off after watching this movie. One time I was excited to see an ugly coyote, remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor. Now I say: God helps us all. <br /> <br />
