If the creator of Atlantis has something to say in this movie, its theme is (truly) drowned with emphasis on "Special effects" above looks as though trying to "cure" the remaining summer action movies. Disney has abandoned the way that the characters have driven the movie with text to support Star Wars "shoot- ' em-up "with heroes and deadly villains. <br /> <br /> Art is a cartoon and manufacturers think they can rely on computer-generated images (CGIs) to build boats and submarines to fill up. The gap They were wrong and the era of beautiful and moving animations was rapidly moving out the window to support CGI. <br /> <br /> This film is a heartless phenomenon. Sometimes this movie comes close to good and worthwhile movies. But it is very frustrating to miss many markers by stopping to talk about what they mean and choosing to go with the glitz instead. <br /> <br /> Another problem of The movie is walking. It became confused and began to leap along with the style of fixing the missing stories that were not appreciated. The audience ran out of the door with Milo Thatcher. (Voiced by Michael J. Fox) and left to think that "Gee must have many terrifying things that will happen when we reach Atlantis". The secret of Atlantis remains a secret with storytellers who do not know how to describe the legendary island / continent. They are afraid to tell where Atlantis is, even in the novel. Is it in the Atlantic? Are you in the Mediterranean? Who knows? Nothing is hypothesized even from pure imaginary perspectives. The audience will leave the theater to ask themselves. "What is now, what is the purpose of this film, why those who survived the motor vehicle can't remember how to read when many of them survived the catastrophe until the" present "day? Why Atlantis sink? Then began to forget what was immediately seen There is nothing left to think of or take away ... except the loss of money in their pockets. <br /> <br /> Their characters and motives are unimaginable. From the weird billionaire who discovered the journey of money that seemed to exist throughout the world in 1914 to the collective consciousness (spoiler) that came into Kida and VOLUNTARILY. 2 dimensions of the ancient era (for 1914) PC, race and sex Demolition experts say the same as he came out of Warner Brothers Bugs. Shortly, most jokes are primarily torpedo models that most viewers miss for two reasons: they're right. Sent at high speed and often mumbling The way that these supporting players make moral changes near the end of the movie is hard to believe. <br /> <br /> While we applaud Disney for trying to create adult animated movies - and here Is Disney first, not Have animals or cute objects. Talk - can't change. The younger children are shocked by the action scenes and are left in the dark with a lot of narration. (When the character talks about motor vehicles) During the first five minutes of the journey, there are about 200 people killed, without having to think again. Clearly, Disney thinks that if you don't know who those people are, why you need to care. Again, this film has no sense at all levels. <br /> <br /> Mulan and Tarzan are the last animated films produced by Disney, which are very good. Sadly, Atlantis returned to a failed attempt in the past, such as Notre Dame's hunchback and hunchback pot, Disney had to return to the beginning. Peter Pan's sequels are coming out soon. But nobody knows what the outcome will be until you see it for yourself, and now that Disney has discovered a science fiction story, hopefully they will know that the genre must have more than the image seen. In addition, we also hope that "Treasure Planet" will occur. The sci-fi adaptation of Robert L. Stevenson's "Treasure Island" will have more hearts than "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" that is unpredictable.
