I think "What's new about Scooby-Doo" is quite bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I don't like) because Hanna-Barbera didn't create it. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get Clues" in the works, I thought it would be better. But when I saw the pictures of Scooby and Shaggy appearing, I know that this list will not be good if not worse. I watched a few episodes and convinced me that it was just another "Teen Titans" or "Loonatics Unleashed" -wannabe Scooby and Shaggy didn't fight with people who were wearing creepy monster masks that robbed the bank Now they are following a typical super villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo are more brave as well. In addition, because Shaggy is not a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who is actually a vegetarian), Shaggy's original voice will not have Shaggy's voice. Changes made by stupid organizations to update the franchise as if the internet was a joke is not enough. So Scott Menville (Which was previously voiced by Red Herring on "A Pup Named Scooby-Doo"). Shaggy sounds here. Believe me. Sounds really good! It makes Shaggy sound like a 10-year-old treble and I have to accept the sound that fits his ugly new look. However, Kasem, the voice of Shaggy's uncle Albert, which is a good thing, Scooby-Doo. That good It seems that he is designed to look like a CGI Scooby-Doo from live action movies. In addition, Scooby's Frank Welker (I want to talk about Brain the Dog again) hasn't been updated. Robi, butler's robot is worse than Scrappy-Doo! He tried to be funny and impressed and gave safety advice. ("Remember that children don't stand under a tree during a thunderstorm!"), But it's not suitable for Scooby cartoons. The sound effects of Hanna-Barbera are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice", they use the word "Castle thunder" thunderclaps in the meantime, almost comprehensive! (Although they still use the newly recorded thunder effect) Scooby-Doo didn't use the "Castle thunder" sound effect since 1991, but my question is why use "Castle thunder "With" Shaggy and Scooby-Doo Get a clue, "while not using the movie directly with the video, or even in" What's New, Scooby-Doo! "(The second episode of WNSD is used and it's not enough Unfortunately, if WNSD and DTV movies use it, they might be better than Seng. The crop this The date of the premiere show I watched at first and it was terrible that I closed it after only five minutes! In order to be satisfied with this poor performance, I rent "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Ahoy!" Which came out at the same time. And you know what? The movie "Pirates Ahoy" is better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo. Get a clue" (and better "What's new, Scooby-Doo!") And it seems that the new design that the characters are not permanent. For the franchise The movie goes straight to the video while this show uses the normal character design. But whether you love or hate "What's new, Scooby-Doo" I don't recommend, but if you hate the old series, then you'll love it! (Oh my God, I hope Scooby's old cartoons - look better than this new $ # *%!) Anyway, like WNSD, which is a Scooby member that's terrible.
