Scooby Doo is one of the simplest, most successful and beloved cartoon characters in the world. So what happens when you go everywhere and do everything with a formula? You switch it right, wrong. You stopped production and let it stop for a decade or more, then run again, keeping the core of success. That is to stick with most formulas But add your unique flavor For me, this is the reason "What's new, Scooby Doo" works. They want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo recipe, which has just succeeded in the previous decade in "A Pup Named Scooby Doo", but most are not cheap. Since the original "Scooby Doo Where Are You" <br /> <br /> The first sign (to me) of the weak proposal is the inclusion of unrelated characters; There may be some fond memories of past repetitions. But in general, if you think "Scooby Doo" you don't think of Film-Flam, Scrappy Doo or Scooby Dum, moreover, the exclusion of other main members of "Mystery Inc" indicates a producer group that doesn't understand from The view of the children that the show is like The basic location is a group of people who do not agree with the unification and through their own personal qualities that manage to overcome the mission that has been in hand. <br /> <br /> The following paragraphs are just a creation. My theory is so cross If you want: I hope I can explain why I think playing with the basic elements of the show is detrimental to my interpretation of what the gang shows and how they all participate. Fred is a representative of the driver. I think in general it's the purpose of Fred to make the direction of the organization and sub-work Fred is not a lucky teenager, happy. He is the master of your teacher, teacher, father, authority. Fred moved without hesitation and driven by various tasks. (The problem is always equal to Fred's exit.) Fred is the opposite of Shaggy. Shaggy is the best friend of that man who is afraid of things a little more than he is. He helps you brave. Behind the bag Puffy shows emotion and often shows extreme emotion from complacency to fear. Velma represents a rational mind. She uses logic. But when we see the time and again in the list, she needs a clue that most members will be collected in pieces. Velma will leave her mystery? Groups often find themselves in a situation where the truth is not clear and through confrontation with the opportunity only. They will receive the information necessary to complete their work. Daphne represents the opportunity. At one point (I think it's the first Scooby Doo series). She is known as a writer. Use Daphne to connect unrelated events by accident. She is often the one who finds the secret door, gathering things or other details that can help the gang knot together. Eventually, Scooby himself is our representative. He is often at the center of the talent event in everything the rest of the gang has. But disabled because he is not a human being, and like ours that television viewers are not able to truly participate, Scooby Doo works because all the embodied elements of problem solving can be identified and entertained immediately. <br /> <br /> Maybe I think of things, but in my life I saw a lot of Scooby Doo (30 years old) years that declared themselves boring. It was a roll with the land.) For me, there is a magic with the classic "Scooby Doo" formula that should not be confused. <br /> <br /> Many people point out that Scooby Doo is not a great work of art or an amazing thing. Completely bored. It falls into the category of programming that can be watched with youthful eyes and delicious breakfast cereals. Joking with raw simplicity, converting to something else
