Darcy and Pamela, her young daughter, are heading to a country where Peter, her mother's boyfriend, leaves the city doctor to be a writer and editor of a hotel, bed and breakfast. Although this inn has a terrifying past and Pamela learns from a young woman who lives in a city where a disabled witch once lived in that house. They called her 'Angel of the Angel' because she will kill the children after receiving the last tooth. The work in this hotel awakened the 'Tooth Fairy'. Now, she has her perspective about Pamela and her last milk teeth. But if someone gets in the way, they face the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> The old folk legend of the 'Tooth Fairy' flies. Don't paint her in a very kind manner. That you will believe when you are a child They not only love to change happy childhood memories to become a nightmare! Another one that falls into the same category is "Darkness Falls (2003)" I can't compare their similarities in places because I haven't seen the latter. But in most cases I read them sharing the same concept in general. For a little DVD movie, this effort of DTV looks good and has a promising picture around the device used to place books. I don't want to make it a success. But I found it a little fun Good to explain what happened in a low-quality drama. But never felt like a horror in a fairy tale Conversations may seem redundant and chase morally. While the performance is simple But hidden with boring characters But director Chuck Bowman offers a creative blood splash and a horribly nasty shaking. This kinda make up for lack of skepticism, fear, center and general tone. His direction is true and has the ability to see where he gets the atmosphere that contrasts well with the flow of photography. Open scenes that are likely to be eerie His rhythm slows down in some parts and has a strange slow-motion scene that is not necessary, but it never feels uncomfortable about what is happening which makes sure I'm not bored. <br /> <br / > Special effects in makeup make the product very weary and the appearance of the Tooth Fairy is sticky. The body of the tooth fairy can look threatening in its black coat, make-up and fast movements Being in a place helps to carve more natural feelings and can be rich in the atmosphere of feelings. The child actor is incredibly annoying, but Nicole Muñoz is good at her. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are quite strong. But it may be too little for their performance as Peter and Darcey. Carrie Anne Fleming, this beautiful and beautiful, is one of their accommodations. PJ Soles appeared as a small part as a superstitious neighbor who tried Remind them about the evil that lies at the hotel. <br /> <br /> I think it's the right time with the idea of ​​sound. Inadequate texture and operation is a pretty textbook thing. Nonsense that can be viewed But at the same time it is extremely memorable
