The Tooth Fairy is located in a small town in Northern California, where Peter Campbell (Lochlyn Munro) brought agricultural property which he was renovating and planned to become a Holiday Inn. Darcy Wagner's girlfriend And Pamela, her 12-year-old daughter (Nicole Munoz) who came to help on the weekend While exploring the property, Pamela meets another young girl named Emma. (Giana Ballard), who warns her that the evil that lies in her new house, tells the story of a wicked old witch called Fencing Angel. She fell off the bike and her last tooth was dropped shortly before the evil angel of the angel of the angel looked at Pamela's teeth and kicked her and decided to kill anyone she had. Well ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Chuck Bowman, I think the The Tooth Fairy is a horror movie with a low budget, straight to a video that cannot distinguish it from other videos. Filling the cable TV schedule at night is vague. In general, it's not that good. Script by creator Stephen J. Cannell, Corey Strode & Cookie Rae Brown is a complete snooze-fest during the first 40 minutes without any interest occurring during this time and is a boring show as if this is going happen To surprise everyone It introduces the characters to create the myth of the tooth fairy. In the second half of the movie was slightly improved. But even then, it was not very exciting. The characters are not great, and most of them are purely killed. The story is inconsistent, such as the story of a decoy tooth fairy saying she killed a child after they gave her teeth. Choose to kill teeth that are not related to teeth? What happened to her after the script began in 1949, why did she come back as a ghost? Despite being a ghost in some categories, she looks like a human being that has to open the door and use weapons to kill people. But there is no attempt to take advantage of any supernatural elements except the ghost child who plays for the highest confidence. <br /> <br /> Bowman director is okay. It's done fairly well and has scenes. A few good scenes But nothing exciting There is nothing that I would describe as scary or in the atmosphere here. Do not notice this comparison between & Darkness Falls (2003). Apart from this, the teeth are very different. Gone OK, someone was pushed into the woodcutter, had a head cut, someone cut the penis and the best scene when someone was caught at the door and opened their stomach with an ax. <br /> <br /> With a budget of around $ 1,500,000, The Tooth Fairy is well made. But nothing special in the show here The performance was not good. But it wasn't too bad & unusual. I didn't find an annoying child actor, so it's what I thought. <br /> <br /> The tooth fairy is normally lower than the current low budget. Direct horror fares to videos that seem everywhere today. If you can find a cheap copy, it may go through a strange 90 minutes if you don't want too much.
