I should know when I watch the box in the video store and see Lisa Raye - for me, she is Ernie Hudson AKA "Le Kiss of Death" for the movie * ANY * It almost guarantees * * The movie is not good (like Congo) if Hudson is in there (Except for the Ghostbusters movie, which is a bad and bad camp), despite my instincts and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, but it's another movie "tour de force" starring Lisa Raye. I still rent it. After that, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" at OZ and ended up watching a series of very high quality, so I thought I would give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a movie lover Bad Of course, must see! This must be the most unintentional comedy I have seen in the loooong period. The plot is quite straightforward: Racheal's sister (Monica Calhoun) is killed by a bandit. (Preceded by Bobby Brown!) And, like many action movies, before this, she strangled her gun all the time. Death In doing this, she assembled a gang with the glory of roses. (As expected by the true story of a female gang) and they go out and take vengeance for sure and along the way there are some subplots or something about gold that may be buried in the city. To talk about this film is from what I can tell, the stars ride on their own and they watch the great gallery. <br /> <br /> The most fun scene. Look for when they introduce the character of Stacy Dash or when the character Calhoun canceled the vow not to bind her gun. (Consisting of the bouncing vocals that clenched to heaven) or Lil Kim's character teasing the characters of Kim's character persuades Lisa Raye's character to join the gang or Asian Chick or Macy Gray of the characters. Say the match "Debt paid" etc., except Calhoun Racheal and Bobby Brown's left eye. I do not remember The name of the other characters because I was laughing hard when they were introduced. <br /> <br /> If the director disappeared because of the parody and wide comedy. Unfortunately he tried to look seriously without the first expression. Sound design (In his defense, hip hop is difficult to work in a famous period) Designing scenes, writing a chapter or research in an era of history Are these people the cleanest people with the most white teeth in the Western world?) Seriously. Normally, when I watch movies that are not good, I ask myself, "What are you doing?" "Can you do better?" This is the first time in a long time that the answer is "YES!"
