Why everyone wants to see this! If this is a movie posted on YouTube by a teenager, I may applaud the teenager for doing a lot with his mother's video camera. I may congratulate his family and friends for doing a good job. Sadly, it was created by a highly experienced filmmaker and it seems that professional actors - making this movie very sad, sad ... and really pathetic. As I said, it has a direct video about it directly. In addition, there are subtitles and performances that scream "professional" - this is how it is! This film is filled with many corpses and blood. Usually this thing will completely shut me up because I hate violent movies and don't like to see everything that has come. However, since nothing is true, it can be a burden. However, I should warn you that there are some scenes that are still disturbing. For example, the scene where a child throws a radio into a woman's sink and looks at her naked and fried eggs is terrible. There are also scenes where you can hear the thoughts of psychosis as they dream about killing women. With the level of hateful women that are pretty scary People who write this story are boring - just like killing women is for our enjoyment. <br /> <br /> After the unconscious murder, the movie goes to the dining table - around the silly bunch wearing Black hat without hole eyes! They are talking with pride about all the murders they have done and praying. It's funny even though I'm not sure if it's the purpose of the scene. <br /> <br /> Then the movie will talk about sex crimes and killings, including blood sucking and eating meat. Why I don't know - perhaps because these people make this story worse And again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of the German men that look creepy as they follow people and kill them. <br /> <br /> By the way, considering movies that use what I have to assume Professional actors, I wonder why so many people are chosen as clearly German. While they are trying to act like Americans and this movie should be in California, a strong accent Perhaps the German audience watched this and were amazed by the "realistic" performance, but for the American people it was clear that these people were not American friends! Considering that there are zodiac killers (That has never been caught) I really wonder why everyone wants to create "Movie Fan" Strange story for the sick?! I mean ... this film is meant as a scent movie for pervs? I don't see anyone who wants to see or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what will motivate everyone to create a stupid and nasty movie! Worthless and worthy of being on the bottom 100 list of IMDb
