As Goethe had said, there is no point in trying to pass on the negative judgment which desires to have a purpose "The Greatest Effect" "La Maman and La Putain" has passed into history, of course, influencing what happened in France and elsewhere in the last thirty years and no one is interested in history. Of course the movie should be forbidden to watch. However, in purely personal comments, I feel compelled to disagree with other reviews posted here and say to others: "Don't look. It's a waste of hours that will make you feel less. Comfortable and angry. "And without that I mean "Sick and angry" about "human condition" or anything that is so general and profound, because that is what most critics accept to praise the film - "pain" to see the separation of ruthlessness of Cowardice and our emotional cruelty "and others - and if it can deal with messages that are internationally relevant or even broadly, this director There will be good reasons to be satisfied with yourself. However, in pessimism, his conclusion may be My beef and the film are quite that I do not see the record of the use of emptiness and treachery for many hours to demonstrate the legitimacy or excuse from any general related message. The three main characters are profoundly unscrupulous: Alexandre certainly reached the greatest level because we saw him the most and because he barely stopped for more than thirty seconds. Marie may be the least because we see her the least. Alexander, who is affected and pretentious, has entertainment, of course. But the fun is diminishing when a person becomes more and more clear when Jean-Pierre Léaud tends to not show himself. Previously, the movie Nicholas Ray "He was just repeating the comments, words and words that were recognized as genuine and profound by the environment in which he, along with the director Eustache, lived about ten years ago in Time Of making movies I think that if the sound of the superficial, relentless and unimportant is supported throughout 100% of the film, it may work as a long-time satirical comedian about post-68's shallow, worthless and disgusting However, what makes this audience very angry with the director is to give at least one scene with Alexandre and Veronika at least one scene in which we expect to be sympathetic and feel them clearly as if they shared. The moral universe with us. If a man can escape from living in a flat and to love a woman lying (Mostly in this flat lot) with one another and running around Paris offering to marry a third person. Well, I think The most fortunate in the world, dogs eat dogs that they choose to create for themselves. What I can't do, however, in all the conscience is to listen to even the only time to collect the words from him, which he talks about "his worries" and "despair". Doubled for Veronika, more disgusting, which we showed to be drunk in an apartment and even a bed shared by Marie and Alexander and behaved there Disagreement As I said, if "La Maman et La Putain" was not intended for anything more than the image of Alexander Veronica and Marie, three people who were suitable, even halfway would not accept the company. They, I think, are justified in praising the director who "is not discouraged" (although why people feel like "trembling" when someone chooses to create an extremely disgusting character to observe that I can't. Jintana However, the problem is that the director is clearly convinced and seems to be successful in persuading the critic - that Alexander Veronica and Marie are the representatives of human beings in general and underscore Limiting human emotional ability However, the idea behind this is nonsense and inappropriate. There may be mistakes and tendency to tragedy in general human relations and sexual relations in particular. But the nature and degree of failure and the tendency to this tragedy may be determined by those who sincerely and seriously try to make the relationship work Of course, it is not necessary to be a genius in the theater or dictatorship that will convey to us information that people who behave like Alexandre are about to end up with a miserable hatred and being alone or women who confirm the love of men like Alexandre. Is about to end, disappointed and bitter. See "La Maman and La Putain" if you are interested in past things for culture and human interaction in post-686 environments. 8 of Paris, which is unfortunately not limited to a few types of anti-social, for example. But please do not make a mistake in believing that what is recorded here is of general relevance for humanity in the manner of Jean Renoir or Martin's movies. Scorsese may be argued that
