First of all, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 star out of 10 is because there is no choice to give it a star! It's really bad! I was never eager to watch this movie after I saw it. I ended up watching it accidentally because some of my friends had a ticket and had one spare spare part so I tagged it. Before seeing it, I had a fairly good idea that it would not be a genius - the place seemed too stupid and stupid for the good things to come out of it. But on the back of my mind I thought "But there must be something Good for this story for UMA THURMAN and Luke Wilson doing this movie ... "Not that I think both are particularly great. But they are big stars that usually only make movies that will increase their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes in the feature, I realized that the movie might be worse than I expected at first. I was shocked that the script was so bad. It really made the actors who didn't work so they seemed like they didn't know what they were doing. (Especially Luke Wilson) The story is completely predictable - if you see an ad, you will see this movie very much! And nothing is original about it - it borrowed from the story "Super Hero", all things that have been accepted if the film is set to be a satirical movie, but not the direction seems to be real. I get the feeling that the director wants the movie to feel completely realistic and not satirical, and there are still moments in the movie that are unbelievably unrealistic that it will work if it is words. At one point in the movie, the two characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh, well, you die ... time to go on" and he says in a funny voice that it doesn't. complete Without any reason, I found myself checking the watch after about 40 minutes to see how long I had to sit. And then it made me ... I started thinking "I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test to see if they could make the worst movie possible or not, and also attract a large audience ..." Don't think of other reasons. Why this movie happened For movies that will be made today, the script will go into the big screening process and only a few scripts will enter the production process ... I can't understand that this movie passed the first step of the draft. ... by the end and the great, stupid founder - stupid climax Ly, I laughed utterly - not in what movie makers want me to laugh. But instead of being ridiculous and stupid Thank God I don't have to pay to see it ... because that will really bother me !!! Oh and I can add it to the two Wilson brothers. I always like Luke because I think he is a better and more versatile actor ... but if he wants to move forward in the shadow of Owen the way Will do ... I wonder if he will get many more jobs after losing 2 hours of crappy time !!! And remember that it is only 1/10 because I can't choose 0!
