Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks he has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson. (Umairman), which looks like a quiet woman But cute, even though he knew immediately that she was a needy and an owner. Even if you do not know from what she has done with Matt after he is strange and broke up with her <br /> <br /> The evidence that was promised was destroyed by moderate executions. Super Ex-Girlfriend My still funny fun. But it requires too much cheap jokes and it becomes an unforgettable experience. What happens? Actors and directors can't overcome the weaknesses of the script and I don't like the way they play. I expect that the guy will jerk and it may be a fantasy revenge movie. However, they make the guy a favorite and they make the superhero a psychopath. It's not very fresh and after about forty minutes, this film is welcome. Of course, there are some funny lines. But the central weakness and terrifying ending makes it really broken. <br /> <br /> Director Ivan Reitman loses touch. After successful work in the eighties and early nineties, he began to make nonsense such as evolution and father's day. I will not say that My Super Ex-Girlfriend Is a complete bust But I didn't give credit to the quality of the movie, which is not too much. Don Payne doesn't work well with the screenplay. Most gags are lame and most of the characters are just one note. He continued to use the same joke as he used many times to make things boring sometimes. <br /> <br /> A few actors are good enough to help with this. Uma Thurman is great as G-Girl and she has many funny genres. Luke Wilson is quite pale and not very interesting. I don't think he will be an attractive lead and he is better off supporting the role of The Family Stone. Anna Faris is doing her "Scary Movie" routine and it's a bit old. She needs a challenge or at least a script that is better than Wanda Sykes may be hit or miss. She's good at Monster-In-Law and she's bad in Clerks 2. Here, she's just annoying and doesn't bring anything to the movie Eddie Izzard. Never mind, nothing special. Rainn Wilson is annoying and not funny. Overall, I was disappointed with this movie. It's not scary But it has a lot of potential and the end result is very common. Score 5/10
