Seventeen money: emotionally flat, illegally, blocking <br /> <br /> The film was published in Italy as "Seven souls" I wanted to know about the original name, and after some research I found that it refers to the shops of Shakespeare of Venice, where businessmen Shylock built a good relationship with Antonio traders Which had to give him his "pound" meat in the event that he could not pay his debt While the Italian translation made Ben's plan a profound humanity, with the original human sympathy, even though he was trained enough to remain unaffected by anyone. Which made it just a reference to the flesh Physical aspects of human beings Unfortunately, I think the true quality of Ben's plan is revealed by the original name: it is a cold machine with the aim to "donate" parts of the body but lack human attention, at least not the audience. get An opportunity to see or recognize the pure relationship of souls in all movies The only exception is a love story with a girl who seems to be a program that is not programmed. But cannot convey the true emotions I do not like the idea of ​​the core of the movie: the idea that a person is swallowed by the pain of the death of the person he loves and others that he himself produces Guilt of suicide: In addition to being impossible, it is not reasonable. I will like it and I think it will be more positive if, in the end, Ben decides to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and live to help those people and maybe many just stand near them. And help them through his presence Of course, he would not miraculously save their lives: this might cause more suffering. But I think it's more creative from humans and moral views. There are many things that are irrational and irritating: the references begin in God's creation in seven days. (Which follows the way of the Bible, there are six!): What does it mean? And about women suffering from heart disease which prevented her from running and even singing without feeling ill that can have normal sex with a man who feels like it should be destroyed by death Of his wife and donated The organs and parts of his body do not seem to try a lot, both physically and mentally, from his physically impaired condition? The movie was recorded by a good show. But all the rest is pure nonsense, not just But from a logical perspective But also from human and emotional
