There are spoilers. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson created some great movies, especially 'Ice Cold in Alex' and 'Cape Fear' but 'Country Dance' is one of the things that He wants to know more. The story is set in the elite of the Scottish countryside and the details of the strange triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, the noble land owner, Baroque Hilary, his sister Douglas and her husband. At the intersection of Hillary We learn that in his career as an army officer, Charles was seen as 'Low moral fiber', this seems to be a correct diagnosis of his condition. Throughout the film, he shows an attitude of disillusionment, melancholy with the world, and the main source of his emotional support appears to be Hilary and his whiskey bottle. The film ends with his determination at a high-class madman hospital. <br /> <br /> Peter O'Toole was when he did his best in the 'Lawrence of Arabia', one of the leading actors of UK But the quality of his work is uneven and 'Country Dance' is not one of the better movies of his time. Python 'Twit class of the year' Susannah York is Hilary and Michael Craig while Douglas is quite better But there are no outstanding performances in the movie In addition, there is a slightly consistent approach, apart from Charles's unfavorable slide-down story. <br /> <br /> The main problem with this film is not a show or plot. Themes that do not dare to say the name There is a half-hearted suggestion of a sexual relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least attracting attention to him in his part, and his dislike of Douglas was motivated by envy. Sexual Unfortunately, even in the sixties and early decades of swinging (The date on which the film was received in a variety of years 1969 or 1970) There is a restriction on how the British Film Board censorship allows for permission, and movies that have clear content are absolutely limited. 'Brotherly Love', but this is not used in the UK, is it a recommendation for BBFC's favorite too?) These suggestions are not And we never saw anything or what prompted Charles to make his moral erosion resulting film has a hollow center hole 4/10.
