If you rent a movie named "The Destroyer of the Year 3000". Affordable. You know what you are doing. I myself was sold by a promising description of "nuke mutants" "motor-psychos" and, of course, "exterminators", which themselves, according to the back of the movie storage box, were moving around the dry sand dunes. The wilderness creates chaos of all kinds for the hijinks and the budget buffs - at least this is my hope for this movie. <br /> <br /> Now I like movies that are scary. Occasionally, and if you read the comments about the 3000 Annihilator of the Year, you might do that too. That being said, I rated this film solid. "1 (mighty)" - Not because I hate this movie completely. But because it is one of the most scary attempts to legalize movies that I have seen, conversations, performances, movies, sound editing, general editing, plot, etc. and others - All are worthy of what is expected of low-level audiences.> <br /> So what is "good" about this bad movie? There are many things that my circles are talking about. Intimate "quality killings" Quality killings for people who are not familiar with the phrase are not difficult and fast. But generally refers to those who have been killed in a horrible, creative, or ridiculous way. <br /> <br /> The Annihilator of the Year 3000 also has an appropriate supply of "Bad dialogue, it turned out to be a joke", mainly by Crazy Bull, aptly leader, titled of the psychic motor gang - unfortunate - that also coincides as much as possible. Of quality killings (If you hope to get something great from the mutations of Nuuk, think again. They play an important part in the movie ... shucks!) However, Crazy Bull is something you can ask in the movie. b-movie-psycho Shakespeare's transcription and strange PG style insult is all he knows how to say ... and it's great. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality killings and non-conversations Good The Annihilation Film of the Year 3000 is quite disappointing in the use of things such as stupid and outdated special effects. Quality killings and bad conversations are just not enough to prove the full length of the feature. Or so that the audience was forced to follow the characters in the "chase" of the car's tedious and prolonged hikes and long hikes in the desert ... all this is a very good horror movie But hey, it's not Death Race 2000
