Jeffrey Combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has transformed into a cruel form to create a life style of hammerhead shark, hybrid shark, hoping to breed. New by using the hunter's uterus It will not be easy for Tylo to be a strong band and her boyfriend, William Forsythe, is not about giving up without a fight. <br /> <br /> You see Tylo and Forsythe are two of Arthur's business executives. Burke, a brilliant man who met Combs (.. a scientist who had worked for Roberts and the vacant position at Tylo) at his island fortress where he researched and experimented. This island gives him the opportunity to recruit new victims for his work and "son". They think that it is a professional matter related to advances in stem cell research which may lead to disease treatment. Variety Honeycomb's son is dying of kidney cancer when he decides to do mad science with him, creating a bloodthirsty animal that eats meat that can swim and walk on dry ground (although at first the hammerhead Will remain Outside for a short period of time) Tylo is dating the son of Com, so the connection, apart from the two working for Roberts, brought his wife, Maria Ignatova, to be his wife. In addition, Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, their colleagues, are Elise Muller and GR Johnson. The honeycomb is attached to them in the meeting room. But they can escape to the island as they send their mercenaries and costly hammerhead sons. <br /> <br /> Like the sci-fi creatures that Similarly, Hammerhead: Shark Frenzy has unattractive computer effects and attacks (.. where sharks tear off their limbs) are shot in the form of cameras that are fast and crazy. Which you have a difficult time. The vague idea that people are being eaten (.. tearing into pieces), but the attack itself is shot in a very unusual way, in which the truth is told. The monster had never been seen at all for just a moment, or the bite of the body that had been bitten when the victim cried out in fear. One thing, of course, you see the teeth. We get the cgi image of a hammerhead shark swam towards the screen. Everything is dangerous. The constant is that while (.. and after that) the victim is attacked, we see the blood and small pieces of meat flowing into the surface. (This is really the main director of Michael Oblowitz to inform the audience that those who have been torn But he has the ability to convey the quiet madness under this cold-blooded solution. It was fun to see Forsyth in the rare hero role that was unique as an electronic device maker (.. to his credit, he actually pulled it out) which had to take the leadership position when the group Faced with unprecedented danger Tolo also has a very different role. Scientists who are able to protect themselves are quite good. Robert was able to play a wealthy businessman in his sleep, and it looked neat when he saw a machine gun shot at Combs (.. although his fate is not satisfactory. When talking about it, it's fun to watch Forythe and Tylo Downing Combs, who are employed by an automatic machine gun that is attached. As expected, the screenplay will help those who create the demon murderer to be in danger that is not only necessary for them to be able to cleanse their sins .. I mean seriously. These people will let themselves weak. Against being attacked The human anatomy that it can do? Beautiful exotic setting as a backdrop is quite good.
