Where hell is this unregistered island where prehistoric monsters lurk evil doctors, perform their experiments, mad men hold the best karate and human-rich hunting for sport? I do not know that there are many uninhabited islands. But if you consider the number of movies that use one of these mysterious islands as a location, you have to assume that there are at least 50 suckers outside that. It feels very comfortable and I deduct points from any movies. Using this device, Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is experimenting on one of the uninhabited islands, so this movie has a lot to do. <br /> <br /> The island in this movie was owned by Dr. Moreau, but was recently re-animator. Jeffrey Combs, an old Jeffrey, is conducting advanced stem cell research, which makes He started working with sharks while searching for cancer treatments. If it sounds familiar, this is because this is just the same basic setting as the intelligent shark center in the deep blue sea. Not to mention the host of the movie Nu Image. Others, apparently, Jeffrey's son is dying of the disease. Cancer, which made our mad doctor start experimenting with his children He made some amazing genes and transformed his son into a shark shark. <br /> <br /> William Forsythe brought an unknown actor to the island to see a doctor's trial. If someone gave him a sailor's hat for him, William would be the voice of the skipper from Gilligan Island, as was typical of Bond Villain. The doctors decided that all of these intruders would make close friends with his son. Not friends like friends ... close friends like shark food So, enter the shark-boy that started stalking the captain and his friends all over the island. Of course, they tried half-heartedly to escape and be interrupted repeatedly while being chased by men in shark sharks. <br /> <br /> This film didn't create any points that were missing because Happened to one of the cowardly deserted islands It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead. It makes me think of old jokes. Why are you hitting your head with a hammer? Because it feels good when you stop It's quite a movie. The only reason to watch it is because it feels good at the end.
