"Assuming" misadventures of four au couples who arrived in London the same day in the early 1970s. There were Swedish, Danish, German and Chinese girls. The story strives to take all the clothes from them, participate in some humor, and pair them with sets from British movies and TV culture of that time, including men about House House Richard O'Sullivan. Future Coronation Street, Johnny Briggs, and Burly Burke's horror movie (played as Shake) has countless women on the screen for those who love the story. it (But obviously nothing is easy) <br /> <br /> Most movies are quite thin and unreasonable. The girls are stereotypical and German. Anita especially suffers from the baby's abnormalities - she is retarded, obsessed with color television that acts like a child & a set that is not interrupted to show her personal parts like deliberately In another more intense film, she will be a psychiatric case. The most interesting part of this film involves a Swedish woman who was taken to a club in London, where some types of people avoided trying to swing, being seduced by middle-aged rockers, losing her virginity and realizing that the scene was not. For you These sequences have energy in them and point to more interesting movies that we have ended with the diversity and chaos of the music business and the elites having a spiritless and inhumane life. The powerless school district) The most bizarre story has a Chinese girl. (Who has experience in the movie industry, future human beings, I have Lay) went out with the wonderful employer of the little piano. She fell in love with each other and left in the middle of the night for good reasons except for some people Eastern thoughts that "Chinese birds cannot be understood This film is somewhat disrespectful to the female characters and has a strong sense of dialogue and character. In the end, it is remarkable because Mayne is an irrational tribe about the world. (Except they have to finish the movie) Every girl goes out to his Arab kingdom for things that look around the world in the future in the white slave trade, which they Very pleased. <br /> <br /> Most things and nonsense at that time. But directed with talent, reasonably by the Val Guest veteran, which makes it a superior piece of filmmaking Sex spanking in the 70s
