In order to understand what the A STAR IS BORN in 1976 arose from, consider that its final number was sung by Barbra Streisand in the seventh minute, forty seconds, followed by a two-and-a-half freeze frame of Ms Streisand - acted like Christ - after the credit closed More than ten minutes of continuous zero, Barbra's distinctive face fills a large screen with an uncompromising ego. That could be some movie records. <br /> <br /> Or think about this: The plot of this drama revolves around a love story between two music stars. But while Streisand's music performed completely - including the final scene that never ended - Kris Kristofferson Do not allow to make music, even the only song he shows. Or even if you allow him to have a small part in your partner But they sing together. <br /> <br /> Or consider this: Streisand's name appears on credit at least six times. Including accepting credit for "Musical concept" and her wardrobe (From her wardrobe) - and she was accused of wanting But did not receive joint credit as well One of her credit is as producer, with the producer credit to her boyfriend. Streisand controls the final cut of the film, which explains why it is obsessed with distorting the film in her direction. What is not explained is why it happens because every time there is an opportunity to make The Great Diva look good, their efforts make Streisand look bad. Although this is one of the most box-office movies. Streisand's, but it is her worst movie and her worst performance. <br /> <br /> Anyway, moving from Hollywood to the world of 'n'roll, Streisand plays as Esther Hoffman, pop singer Dropping on the road to celebrities who shared fast lanes while John Norman, Kristoff Howard, was a hard rock player who headed to In the previous incarnation of "Norman Maine" sacrificed his leading actor's career to help newcomers "Vicky Lester" succeed. In the feminist era, Streisand & Co. wanted to make it clear that their heroine did not owe anything to men. Therefore, the way of traveling was skewed. She will succeed, whether with or without him, and he is near the bottom of the scene very much. He was a burden that she had to endure in the name of love. As such, there is a clear attempt to make leading women not only But will become stronger But almost without mercy while her love fell out of the cursed speech <br /> <br /> Kristofferson schleps through this film material; Spent a lot of effort in acting, and it served as his pointless character well. On the other hand, Streisand did not show faithful moment in her screen all the time. Everything she does seems to be not practicing too much, at least controlling her, even though her obvious ad libs seem to be awkwardly premeditated. Both have no chemistry, making love stories unbelievable. You may assume that his character is seen in her as a symbol of her youthfulness and innocence, even at the age of 34. Street Sand doesn't look young or innocent. The only attraction that he might offer you is that she can take advantage of him as a faster path to stardom. And of course, this film has the courage to play the content in such a way that Streisand's characters openly reveal the villain. <br /> <br /> But I guess the filmmakers saw Esther as a compassionate victim. It seems that they do not know that she is cold-blooded and self-absorbing. But the sensitivity is not the strength of the film: Please note the little jokes of two African-American singers backing up so that this film can soak up the racism of the trio. Three And this film points out that Esther maintained her ethnic identity using the name Hoffman received. But the creator changed the name of the previous movie character from "Esther Broadgate" for Street Sand The name is too Jewish or not too beautiful. <br /> <br /> Behind the scenes, stabbing and bouncing at the opening of the film, this movie is close to the legend, so the fact that the film ends remarkably. It seems that the famous director, Frank Pierson, will deliver the material to a good movie, with the help of Robert Surtees. And the film serves the purpose of creating a good pop music album (including the "Evergreen" award-winning Oscar by Paul Williams and Streisand) but overall this movie becomes one thing Streisand says She doesn't want to be a vanity project.
