I think deep in the darkest and thinest part of their hearts, everyone likes Jerry Springer a little. While his performances are disgusting and undeniably foolish, it gives us the opportunity to see that, speaking quite, we mostly have real goodness. When you look at the trailer park livin 'dollar whiskey whiskey', people who share the love of Springer's show make your worst day seem to be walking in Jerry's garden. Show public services and we should thank you He defined a political career as the host for the show. For us, <br /> <br /> What we should not thank in any way is the piece of the junk movie "Ringmaster" "Ringmaster" shows that How is life for people who end up being guests on the show or do they want us to think? The movie follows the story of the Springer that is required first: a triangular love triangle involving her daughter Connie, Angel and her husband are rusty. Another connection with Starletta, Vonda and Demond when the two unfortunate groups meet in LA. Their lives blend and clash extensively, resulting in explosions in Springer's performance. It's like "Short Cuts". What if Robert Altman had a violent fracture habit? <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is true for the show because it's stupid and disgusting from beginning to end. It makes me very happy that I am not in the filth that the characters do. But this movie has a problem It was billed as a joke. But it wasn't very funny The thing that laughs must be few and far. Maybe some people look and laugh, don't stop If you think that blow jobs and rape are good jokes, I think you are one of those people. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the film in fear of the horror of life in the white trash. <br /> <br /> Jerry Springer's performance doesn't mean The leap from a silver screen TV, a funny thing to show for an hour (Less than when you counted ads) No need to be funny in nine minutes. The movie must tell the story and that is something else "Ringmaster" has a flaky story. There are lots of plot holes and many continuous errors that attempt to tell the sticky story will be separated quickly. And even if there is no such problem, how can you draw fun from the stories of people in the stereotypical process? Even the Hollywood formula can't make it better. "Ringmaster: Too bad, even the best part of Springer. Show: Final Thought. Even the smartest and easiest scenes in the show make it blow. Stronger than women who look cool in this movie. <br /> <br /> The worst offender in this story is Springer himself. He is a bad actor that he can't even play on his own. To see one of our players Springer Springer is sad, as if he was going to do. Allen played the role of Jerry Springer, and he was horribly failed. He faced the problem of creating a disaster. The least he could do was try to make it better. <br /> <br /> Not me. m said that other people in this movie received a prize that had the opposite value. They all sucked. Not surprisingly, no one in this movie went to their greatest greatness, Molly Hagan. work The sitcom is clearly a jukebox. There is a problem with hiring women who are shown in the most vicious movies of '9 0 as a star in children's programs. It makes you wonder what other adults in that field do in the past. <br /> <br /> This is my last thought: what we have here is a group of people without self-respect and men. With the money to burn, those who meet and gather their resources together to create a movie that shows how much they hate themselves and how they think the intellect of the audience is watching. Should we accept those who create movies that treat us like a severely damaged brain? I said no. Somewhere in this confusing and confusing world, there are perfect movies for all of us. We just have to look for it. Take care of yourself and your loved ones until the next time and never watch "Ringmaster"
