I can't say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. This movie should be better if at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) interested me enough to hate it. My only reaction after leaving the theater occurred when I looked up at the clock and found that only 90 minutes had passed, it seems to be for many years. It is an endless repetition of the poor. (Or what Jerry Springer seems to believe that the poor are people), bumping towards each other, watching each other, insulting each other, then repeat the process with the same interest as the duties we use when washing the plot Which covers how foolish people in their lives are not good enough to focus on the Jerry Springer mill, just because of the stupidity of the characters This makes it impossible to take care of what happens to them. It is not important to me whether they will list or what they say or who is sleeping with anyone. Maybe I shouldn't care about them. Maybe I should look at them as some kind of cartoon - to see their outrageous behavior that is inherently funny. Unfortunately it's not Humor is not outrageous. It has no danger, it can be predicted. Humor must have something behind, taunting, or painful life experiences. Scatology is not an intelligence. For example. The mother caught her daughter and her husband in bed. To avenge her, she crossed the trailer park and gave oral sex to her daughter's girlfriend. Since I had been shocked by Jerry Springer for a long time, I had the same reaction that I had to say about Andrew Dice Clay's lullaby; Don't laugh just yawn Finally, I found that Springer was a tedious and unreliable posture. If he is a true advocate of the poor, he will take the only mother from the Bed-Sty to talk about trying to raise her children in New York City for $ 12,000 a year. Join his performance, reduce his profits. Jerry Springer earns millions from his movies, books and videos. His guests just received a round-trip air ticket, hotel, accommodation and opportunity to sell themselves. If he likes very poor people, he will give at least some of the money that they receive from him. It appears that Springer wants to create this movie to grab the righteousness for himself. Jeez and all your good work. You think he should have received respect from us. However, this movie is weak and boring. It was not successful in harassment. If you want to have a better evening, make a video trap, a bug zapper for one night and see if
