The Vampire Bat is located in the small German village of Klineschloss at Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) Burgermeister. Is meeting with inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) from a local police officer about the recent murder. For several weeks, the blood flowed out and had two holes on the same neck. Brettschneider Without a single clue But the superstitious seniors of the village believe that death is the work of vampires. Brettschneider is not convinced, but the feared villagers tell the story of seeing a large bat. At the same time, Martha Mueller's latest victim (Rita Carlyle) is found. Brettschneider Came under increasing pressure to solve the murder problem But can he really believe that the giant vampire vampire is responsible and if he does, how can he stop it? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. Strayer, cheap from Majestic Pic Jager for receiving money from the success of Atwill & Wray is the second star of his success in the previous year. Doctor Donna & X (1932) is a mysterious murderer rather than a horror story. You believe and speak frankly. It's quite boring. The script of Edward T. Lowe Jr. is quite serious and sets the basic story that there are some things that kill local villagers and what might be a vampire. In most times, the movie will Focus on Brettschneider And his incompetent investigation Namely, do not place too boring points. Vampire Bat also has a bit of a unique crisis that is quite unknown what it's like to the title to suggest horror movies, while most can be easily described as a thriller with The last few minutes go down to sci-fi. There is no Vampire Bat. Attempts to fool you into a pathetic person. Every character is a wide pattern and you can tell the villain about The section immediately & overall nothing exciting or fun about The Vampire Bat I know it's old. But that is not an excuse because the cinema has many moves since 1933 and the movies that are flat, boring, boring and misleading, like The Vampire Bat are not cut today, just watch the original King Kong (1933) released in The same year and the wonderful methods that are still holding today I do not like. & I wonder if many modern movie viewers may be easy and straightforward as well. <br /> <br /> Those who are To Strayer did not do anything special. I can cut the film that is slack because of age. Overall, it is quite a point of shooting and hope to get the best. The atmosphere or fear is not much, although some of the scenes that have already been taken from The Old Dark House (1932) and Universal's European scenes on their back are very good and add to the atmosphere for things. br /> <br /> Technically, a vampire bat can't compare to anything, even at present, from a distance. For its age, it's okay. I think But again, I draw your attention back to King Kong. Originally speaking of King Kong, it was the star of Fayray. It has a role in this story, as well as the Lionel Atwill horror icon. I will be kind and say that the show is ok. <br /> <br /> Vampire vampire. I will imagine many stupid people. People think it's a horror movie about the Vampire Bats. In fact, it's not. Personally, I think that all this stuff is boring. It's short and it says that it is reasonably reasonable. But I have to admit that I'm not a fan
