When screened for this film, director Mary Harron seemed to have a clear goal in recording Betty Page's career advancement from the first day of modeling to the creation of the series. Simulated to return home after the Senate considers children and youth Therefore, the intention is that she will receive all these facts on the screen at the time that allows her to seem to miss out on anything in depth at any time. <br /> <br /> When you miss someone who has a face your Thinking that there will be many discussions, reasons, reasons, decisions, events in life, personal traumas, but Harron avoids exploring all kinds of characters. During the first fifteen minutes of the film, there were brief suggestions about child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape. But all these things But ran past and never been called again You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-author) want to dispel things that are not charming and flattering. You enter this movie, expecting to get insights into who is behind the poster. But what you get is a list of things you do and create your most famous images. <br /> <br /> All in this film makes you really disappointed while you look forward to having layers. Special to reveal yourself How do you balance between religion and your work? What made this Tennessee girl move from modeling to slave photography This film shows her that she is going to work with other modeling companies and put everything she says. But of course, it must be related to the shock and contemplation. This is after 50 years and trying to point out that all this tame is in accordance with today's standards. (The face has never taken clear sexual actions) and the way some reactions give this thing is really scary and even if it is true. Unclean in the eyes of others Today we look at a young girl who has no upper part and thinks nothing goes out. But we should have some feelings about how shocking it will be to contemporary audiences. This woman is an important part of the Senate's consideration of juvenile delinquency. <br /> <br /> Basically, I leave this movie, just think it's tame. Harron and Turner manage to avoid things that may not be satisfied by the people. watch They met as Miss Page's two fans and hoped to make sure that there was nothing that would be impossible to annoy their heroine and avoid the profound proof that she was. who (Before and after her career, there were reports about her violent nature and mental problems) and what was left was an incident that occurred in her career without any content.
