On September 26, 1983, a 60 year old woman was investigated for the murder of Leonie Haddad, a woman whose husband had recently died and agreed to stay in a nursing home. Haddad didn't realize. That her new residents have actually come to a new mental hospital from Patton State Hospital, where she was incarcerated for a mysterious knife attack on a spouse three years earlier. Haddad soon realized that there was something 'Rotten in Denmark' When a woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder to read a prophecy about the 'seven gods', Haddad's fear was confirmed one night when she woke up to find that the occupants were sitting. Straddling her chest, holding a bread knife, declaring "God inspired me to kill you" Haddad tried to attack her with a phone call. But not before she lost her finger and tortured deep into her face and chest It was a miracle that she survived. Residents were judged innocent for reasons of insanity. But sent to kick and scream back to the laughing institution Ten years later, she was released and found that she is now a celebrity. But not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims But when she was born 25 years ago when she was called 'Queen of Curve's,' Tennessee Tease 'and' Miss Pin Up Girl of the World '- Nettious Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> Director Rory Harron, known as 'American Psycho', takes us back to the heyday of the legendary cheesecake and slave form. (Sufficiently played by Gretchen Moll) The author inadvertently And the influence that can be detected in everything from comic books to catwalks. TNBP is a fun activity throughout the day through a 1950s picture lecture on the page, with help from the family of fans and photographers. With good intentions to become the number one male star of the portable shadow that has names such as Wink, Tab and Parade. Her true dreams in film stars try to avoid her and brush their teeth with Staff on obscenity fees in May Fri 2500 is an event that caused her to be out of being a model and give herself to God. The overall style of this film is light and frothy and dark for a moment, alluding to her father's intentions and mysterious sexual attacks that seem to have no effect on her. Mol shows his face. Which she saw in her photos, happy, worrying and fun - even the image of a slave who betrayed a misunderstanding with a little humor The film ends with the rhythm that Page has sent out the scriptures cheerfully in the park without indications of unhappy marriages in real life, personal tragedies. Avoiding what I think is the heart of the story of the face - rebirth and resurrection. <br /> <br /> When emerging from imprisonment in the next decade, her ideology is in power. Came up in the mid-1980s and she became a large underground icon while many people asked "Whatever happens to Betty Page". The disappearance of her 'mystery' inspired many conspiracy theories, just adding to the charm of her legend. Finally, when the media of the world catch up with her, she doesn't hint at her dark past and she soon gives an interview to TV magazine and takes a photo at the playboy party by like Pamela Anderson and Anna Nicole Smith. Equally, she found that she is now more famous than ever before. Her 'year of glory', but with the light of This 'resurrection' is just a matter of time before the whole story will light up. <br /> <br /> The only thing that is infamous about The Notorious Bettie Page is that they abandoned this part when she became known. Truly
