"The 700 Club" must be the most watched television program in the history of television. In order to make matters worse, it began to air since 2009. Fri, 1966, which means that thousands of people, if not millions, are buying hate and lies. Led by Pat Robertson, the founder of the megalomania and the leader of the Christian group "The 700 Club" took us from misunderstanding to misunderstandings broadcast "news" as they Like to think and try to convince the audience The problem of the world is blaming homosexuality, Wiccans, modern spiritual believers, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, non-radical Christians, Democrats, single mothers, foreigners, Feminist, evolutionist, environmentalist Frantic religious views Actually it's the best fake news since "The Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" of "Saturday Night Live" or from "FOX News" for that matter. Of course, Pat is always the one who makes every decision, regardless of what is in his heart and does not give any curse to those who abuse or hurt. At the same time, he continued to participate in the fight to turn the United States into a police state with a military force by letting the wrong religion stick to their noses in everything they could do and requesting a donation after that. Another no less than $ 100 members by way - to fund the African diamond mine of Pat and buy oil from companies blamed by former governments for violating the environment of He crossings No, never thought that Pat was a good friend to Zaire and Zimbabwe's genocide dictatorship to help him gain wealth. It's all for the glory of God. You don't know? And of course the host of "The 700 Club" is always willing to read the characters "Written by the audience" because they want to accidentally insert each type that is printed in the same format and all on the same color paper by the "audience" as expected Has been healed from various suffering by such hosts (They claim to have "Words of knowledge" come to them), but that never appears in the program to say what happened to them. Honestly, anyone can act seriously when using bad applause recording. It should make people wonder why there are no viewers in the studio. <br /> <br /> The sad thing that a close friend and Pat's audience doesn't know or want to know is the terrible thing he did and speak This is the man who agreed with Jerry Fallwell that the terrorist attacks in the United States on September 11, 2001 were the result of God's punishment for accepting homosexuality and feminism. Ironically, considering that Pat had publicly disclosed the use of nuclear weapons for the second time in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. I have a little doubt that it is his wealth that makes him unable to be arrested for such charges. His wrath against a single mother hermaphrodite and any sexual conduct that he considered "sin" was interesting, considering that he was often known in brothels during the Korean War. As the Bible says, be fruitful and multiply. Congratulations. Pat - Thank you. You may have a lot of children born with a single Korean mother. Of course there was a time when he called on President Hugo Chavez to assassinate the Venezuelan president. (Not that he is a saint But still it is) Oh yes, don't forget the time "The war man for human life" supports abortion that is forced in China. His "Christian" is very much. You will not say it. <br /> <br /> And in the event that Pat forgot, I have not forgotten the words. Little of him that Christian missionaries today "Treated like a Jew In Nazi Germany, "Honestly, in comparing his" fate "and the horrors of the disaster, it is almost impossible to forgive. I need to talk about the way he clearly lied that homosexuality ran rampant among the Nazi party in a pitiful attempt to end homosexuality? Of course, history shows us that the Nazis behaved like homosexuality, just as they did to Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the greatest liars in history. If he is Pinocchio, his nose will surround the world. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, many people believe in him every day. This is your wake-up call. "The 700 Club" is one of the worst programs in television history. It is also an evil scam. It's a wolf's clothes. It is a big dirt that tries to look clean, beautiful and cute. It is a living proof that nasty and dangerous religious views are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who do not have Christianity know that it is contrary to everything Jesus taught and if Jesus appeared to this "club", he would not imitate them. But He would chasten them when He made the Pharisees in His own time and overturned the Teletes' silver trash, as He had done before His Highness in His Highness. All I can say is thank God that Pat has no chance to be president. If he does, he will be the leader of Armageddon and not a good person.
