I do not believe that there is a more evil or evil television program that will be aired in the United States as The 700 Club. Today, it is equivalent to the Ku Klux Klan of the 20th century. Their hatred of good and sweet things and Humans and purity are beyond the ability to understand. Their constant daily attacks on millions of Americans and millions of people, including billions of people around the world, didn't happen to share the cruel, cruel and inhumane views. Lying out and ridiculous lies, they try to pass on the truth, such as thoughts about "Life after death" or "God" or "sin" or "devil" or "demon" is unusual. They are lost in their imagination. People who are conscious know that religion is a drug and should not let themselves be caught in that kind of imagination. However, The 700 Club is in class by itself. They are truly cult. While I believe in freedom of speech, they have ways that they spread hatred, lies, distortions, and such great ideas beyond all boundaries. I hope that one day, the American Psychiatric Association will study people who deceive themselves in this way. Finally, people who allow themselves to sink deep into the fantasy land of religion that they do not have a true concept of reality. . Treatment of such difficult people is very necessary in this country because many people lose their minds to complete religious fantasies. The Club 700 is even more terrifying, depending on the legal definition of the 'cult', but due to the wealth of the 700 clubs (packed daily from millions of Americans trapped in a fraudulent hand) they are above. Laws in this country. For those of you who have watched the movie "The Matrix", you know that the movie is a parable of the religion on earth: the evil people on top of each religion that The things they are trapped and battered cruelly for them. The selfish purpose and millions of people imprisoned in death, sleeping and being slowly drained from their lives, representing many people in religion and losing their ability. <br /> In less than that time, the good city people will have to run the monsters that are related to The 700 Club outside the city with torches and pitchforks. But in today's world where people lose all the options in choosing a television that is offered to them, we have no way to rid ourselves of the disease in the club 700 times. <br /> <br /> Television rating system And the "V" chip on the TV should have a rating called "R" for religion, so that the rational and concerned parents can screen the rape and brutal emotional rape. Such as presented by The 700 Club every day throughout our country, from ourselves and their children
