Many years have passed since Don Wilson used his martial arts expertise to destroy robots that were programmed to destroy him. He also married a young blonde journalist (Stacie Foster), a leader of the rebellion. In the first movie One work that is related to a puppet that looks similar, which is a framework for both our heroes and companies that want to dominate the world. (There are no plans to support these things) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie. I agree that I bought a DVD from the trash. The odds produced by PM, PM are companies that specialize in cheap flicks (like this) that have a lot of explosions, little stories and nothing overall. Some of these names are fun. (Mildly) (Last Man Standing and The Sweeper) However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck with the charming Don Don Wilson selection when comparing the protagonists of similar PM attempts by Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell. Oscar nominee compared to Don Wilson. Another sign is that this story, directed by Richard Pepin, who has no flair, Joseph Merhi, seems to have created an action scene that felt more expensive than the budget. As much as their Then again, both C. Thomas and Wincott may be more expensive to get. Cyber ​​Track 2 ripped off with Capitol Arme, stealing a lot of better movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldier, even Halloween III!) That is almost the same as Richard Pepin trying to put his identity. Materials for pedestrians without intelligent ideas or at least a great action-packed zipper. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 fell in love. There is no good idea that is not borrowed from a better movie. The only exception came from Tony Burton, who is better than an object for a mile. In addition, Stacie Foster seems to be better with better materials. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is mostly loud and boring. Brightness as a leader. However, there is no real fight sequence in retreating. There are many cars overturned and no one substitutes for bankruptcy. Ambition is shown here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 of 4 (bad)
