When they kill John Amos's character, they kill the item. He is an important part of the data structure. You have a story about the struggles of a family in the city to be the best way they know. They are poor. They are blacks and they live. Prove that if you have Jesus and your family that is nothing too difficult. Of course James will be unemployed and JJ will fail at school. <br /> <br /> James is a strong male model that earns money and training children. Florida is a strong woman that everyone will include James when he needs his shoulder. Crying or hugging to give it. Children have personality and opinions that make them important as the Willona family. Their neighbors are also important elements because she is not only Dong friend But there are some people who are cute enough to be a family. Things are bright, funny and honest until they change the course. James died and JJ took part in the show. <br /> <br /> Flo is still a mother. Telma is blooming as a woman and Michael is still a dwarf. But JJ is the program. We expect that Will believe that a family without a father or a prominent bread winner will be able to stay in the apartment I guess James's salary doesn't do much for the family. They were threatened to evict because they said they were moving and not because nobody in the house worked. I know JJ, Flo, Thelma and even Michael eventually have work. But come here for reality James worked so hard that you felt him. But others are not real, and it's a shame. <br /> <br /> JJ is a relief cartoon. But I feel that the item requires content It's okay to be funny But they have a chance to show the real family and what to do to survive in the real world and they throw it away with laughter Michael's character almost disappeared while other actors dodged into the shadows of the program. JJ Evan I mean, really. This is a person who has failed in school. Second episode James is always there to promote his abilities. But Flo and others in the family don't seem to care. <br /> <br /> Why did he take a long time to understand that the painting was what he intended to do? He can sell paintings on the street or work for people who print billboards and cards (they do, but there is something wrong), why he doesn't do it and why others give up in their dreams. I will tell you why it is because they have no father in their lives that will take care and encourage them and their mothers stop to support their dreams. The program stops teaching us about growth, creation and learning and begins teaching us about gimmicks and phrases. They should keep James if any of the performances that he wants his father to be.
