What we have here is a classic case of patriotism too. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little movie history. (Next to none at all) Whenever someone happens to have a slightly ambitious film project? In addition to the usual drama about the struggles of a peasant family or a long slapstick movie of a local comedian? Everyone feels that it is necessary to love it and is also responsible for disseminating interesting opinions across national borders. Especially if the writer / director of this film is already loved by the nation because he is the founder and lead singer of the popular rock band "Any way that the wind blows" doesn't mean bad movies. But it turned out to be too real (If possible, even in the boundaries of a small country) and nothing new or even original to be presented from a distance This is a Flemish classic movie such as "Short Cuts" and "Magnolia" and displays the mosaic of characters that everyday life begins to appear irrelevant. But eventually came together The only thing that seems to include eight protagonists in the first place is Antwerp, where they live and work. But the deeper relationship between them gradually becomes clearer and closer to the climax that they unite the main problem of "Any Way The Wind Blows". At least, your reality is with the characters. They are random, uninteresting, and honestly. Nothing can be considered wrong. It would be the intention of writer / director Tom Barman to show Antwerp's average and normal habitat, but then what is the point? One of the characters was fired from his screenings. Another was a failed novelist who struggled with the crisis of marriage. Two brothers just lost their father and one of the "mysterious" ones. Come with the wind everywhere There are a few other characters that regularly walk through the screen. But it is worth talking about These people float on and on very random topics. (Such as life in the 80s, dates and movements of each other's bowels) and philosophy about matters that no one cares about Some conversations cause laughter, especially the interaction between two people from Ghent. But nothing special or memorable This film works best as a video for tourists to promote the city of Antwerp and is a musical documentary that is expanding and expanding. There are pictures of Antwerp's many beautiful and stylish sights, and there are always beautiful music playing, whether loud or beautiful. In general, saying "Any Way The Wind Blows" is an effort that is made in style and style. But it looks plain and slightly boring and I wonder if most of its fans have to pay attention to see that it is not a Flemish language
