I almost walked away But i paid my money and my nasty friend wanted to go out After the love of the wide-eyed purity of "New hope" and the exciting complexity of "The Empire Strikes Back". I remember waiting for "Return of the Jedi" with an aching expectation. But from the open scene of commercial filth that insulted me, bitterly disappointed and angry at Lucas He should be ashamed of himself. But this disgusting thing proved that he had no shame in the particles in his cold and cold heart. When I am going to supplement this truth - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please leave the barf bag to the members of the jury first) <br /> <br /> From the beginning of the door that Jabba hides "the movie "This is nothing more than a two-hour positive advertisement for the many profitable action movies that Lucas can get into - when Jabba's muppet-pet, a new statue cabaret. And recycled, Wacky, etc. etc. that are full of vomiting, then there are cute and disgusting Ewoks The top pile of all the alien rebel allies. Fifteen seconds on the screen (Or less) and just kiddies. GOTTA has one for their collection. The fraudulent and fraudulent financial fraud of children is an abomination. <br /> <br /> Lucas is not interested in thinking about new things - he just digs the Death Star from "New Hope" boatload Of cheap confidence How terrifying was his face with his fans I couldn't shake the idea that Lucas had an unusual pleasure in wrecking the wreck of his fans: "I received these addiction so badly that I could hurl. The worst foul piece And they will flock to the theater to hide it. In addition, all the children will lament and torture their parents until they buy a small children's suit with the action of a caricature that has not yet Developed Received a cut from every one, it will make me more rich than obscene. "<br /> <br /> There may be some little handful of exchanging moments to cut this miserable. I seem to remember that Harrison Ford managed to barely get the nose above the surface of this toilet. But anything that is a few small bright spots may be eliminated by aggressive trade that Lucas embraces with a strong appetite for profit-making.
