Freddy's Dead: The Nightmare Final begins when the dream demon Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves the teenager (Shon Greenblatt) to the outskirts of Springwood without any memory of himself, who he is or why he is there. The local police picked him up and brought him to the youth center at the child psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane). Interviewing him, she found a newspaper cutting his bag which led them to Elm Street in Springwood, where they found no children there. So there are no victims of Freddy killing anyone. Everything turns out that it's a complicated plan by Freddy to find his daughter and use her to escape Springwood. When Maggie realizes what Freddy is with her & some kids decide that they have to kill. Freddie once and for everyone ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talay, this is the last dream Elm Street movie, which now comes to five, of course. Every horror movie fan Information that, if there is money to be made from the franchise or character, then there is no way in hell Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare would be the last. Of course, it's not. The A Nightmare in the Elm Street series has been given the privilege of reduced returns when the movie quality is reduced when the series continues until we arrive here. Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare My might be the worst. This movie proceeds quickly and is not boring. But it was silly to the kids and felt like a live-action cartoon with a horrifying horror scene that seems to be a million miles from the original Vespan The order in which Stoner is Sir is stuck in the video game being played by Freddie is very bad in itself. But then we will see the image of his body back in reality around the house from wall to wall and floor to ceiling The ludicrous thing that I saw at a certain time or the scene started when the John Doe boy fell from the plane down to the ground like the character of Coyote in the Road Runner cartoon or Freddy's ridiculous eye that threatened the ear. Deborah Carlos, with the pins he intended to drop to the floor to make a loud noise or, finally, when he killed him by scraping his knife across the blackboard You can't do this seriously and I just sit there and don't believe what I see. Finally, when they try to kill Freddie, the hero will receive a powerful special weapon. Secret. Yes, that is a 3D cardboard glasses! Bad characters, bad conversations & confusing plot. It's not attached to the continuation of Elm Street & overall, this movie is quite messy. The best thing I can say is it's quite. Unintended little humor & you can definitely laugh. <br /> <br /> The film has significant tonal problems because it tries to be dark, gloomy, scary and scary. But it was stupid and ridiculous every time trying When falling severely There are some things that are not boring in this body, some of the parts that have been cut, some have fallen into the nail bed and that is about it. The number of bodies is very low here, with only three people killed. The last twenty minutes of Freddy's Dead: The Nightmare was finally shot in 3D. Although the version I saw will present this part as usual, so I can't comment on whether it works well or not, but you can watch. Shots that need to be seen in 3D that take advantage of this process. Special effects vary, some are really good, while other items are terrible & Freddy's burnt makeup this time looks rather bad. <br /> <br /> Obviously this is With a budget of about 5,000,000 US dollars, the office spent $ 12,000,000). The film has beautiful images and jokes that make it feel more like a cartoon than ever before. The performance was terrible from the main actors, although there were a few strange pendants, including Tom Arnold and Roseanne, Johnny Depp and rocker Alice Cooper. <br /> <br /> Freddy's Dead: The last nightmare should be bad. The worst of all, the series & apart from the unintended laugh value, here there is nothing to suggest or have fun. Fans of the series may like it and protect it. But for me, it's a far away story from Wes Craven's original Shocker, followed by New Nightmare (1994), which tries to bring Freddy Krueger and the series in a new and different direction.
