In fact, they can't. But of course they did when trying to think of a singular line that was sufficiently concluded that this item in the series was terrible. There are some moments that may be good. But most of them are overweight from changing their minds to a chance that they do not receive and do not start me badly. <br /> <br /> The opportunity to lose is quite clear. I will summarize them here in case anyone is interested. Everyone who has not seen this movie and truly cast will be advised to stop reading at this point. The first opportunity and the biggest, lost opportunity is a plan with Freddie's long-lost son. Now the severe mental illness that Freddie seems to have suffered (And I may accelerate to add that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to others, let alone at this level) as a legacy. So why is it not a mysterious mystery slasher that Lisa Zane's character dreams of killing? Freddy, a teenager, later, we only discovered that she was actually killing all. Listening seems like a good idea for you. It was clear that it was over the head of Talalay and De Luca. <br /> <br /> Then there was a trip to Springfield, where all the teenage people were eliminated and the adults who experienced a lot of psychotic problems. Very funny, said that psychosis is actually shown in a realistic and reliable manner, even if there are a number that suits the fact that we have never acted too much. We get quick advice about the loss of connection with the reality caused by the grief of every child in the city that is dying for reasons beyond understanding and control. However, the major problem of this plot element is that the city was abandoned too early and there was no real answer. The collection of this scene should be far more than ten minutes ago ... One intelligent citizen explained to these visitors why the Springfield Fair looks like a horror show. <br /> < br /> Of course, horror movies have never been recorded. For character development, unless they were horror films directed by John Carpenter But how should we really be interested when the characters we know next to the story die? At least Wes Craven spends his time setting up his character in a traditional way and using a cheap trick to draw the audience. It's the biggest problem of Freddy's Dead: it doesn't try at all. Let alone being hard enough. <br /> <br /> In the relevant record, I feel sorry for Robert Englund. Now he has a relationship. Link title character of Freddy, more or less. He played better than the characters in better productions. (For example, science fiction "V") and remember forever that "Freddy's male player" sold him quite short. It seems that he will never destroy the horror movie right now. For the remaining actors, I think their performances here speak for themselves. They deserve to be typecast more permanently than the B-grade horror props. Even the drug cotto does not escape from this film because his character is one of the most innocent films in history. Of the movie B. <br /> <br /> All Freddy's Dead received 1 from me. I will vote lower but IMDb does not allow FD as a testament to the inability to take advantage of Nava opinion of the author only, not fully. But will destroy the movie But still get all the privileges
