* There may be spoilers * A few weeks after I wrote a review about Hood of the Living Dead, I know I might be too violent in this movie. This is the reason I decided to do things that I had never done before. Check the same movie again Don't understand me wrong. I still don't like movies. I still think it's ruins and I still think that zombies don't watch every zombie. The story in the movie is still in my opinion, weak and quite weak. A story about a man named Rick who works as a scientist. (Which just happened to the serum that healed the sick animals) and his brother Germaine. Both did not meet the best conditions (my original plot) and arguing. Shooting and Rick summoned his fellow scientists to bring the serum to help Germaine's resurrection (while most people call 911, but no matter what) serum fails. "(If that doesn't happen, there's no movie) after the police and coroner (Up to the end of the time, I will still think that maybe the doctor should appear) leaving the scene showing the coroner. (Which I still believe is just someone's van with stickers "The coroner" was thrown on the side) and Germaine returned to life to attack and kill the doctor. I will talk about the additional plot. But I feel that if I reveal more about the stories you don't want to watch (And we won't want that now, will we?) But suffice to say that the story (in my opinion, at least) is crooked and somewhat slow-moving (Pun was not intended) As I said earlier in my review, the zombies don't seem like zombies. I still think they seem to be in a stick fight. That doesn't mean that they should be rotting and anyway. But at least there should be a bite on the victim In addition, I still do not like the fact that the director constantly changes the movement of zombies. It seems that they can't decide whether to let the zombies run away or walk around. (Like most zombie movies do) Do not understand me wrong. I am all zombies that run away. In one scene, the zombies will run to life, and another scene he will throw them. And sometimes they seem unbelievable (Yes, I know their fictional creatures, but still) I definitely mean the zombies that ran his hands on the wall as if he were walking through the dark living room and I still wore. Unlike the zombies that were lying on the ground, shot and jerked like he was just shot. The sound in the movie also disturbed me, mostly the song, while it might be because my copy doesn't seem to exist. Music in movies is important. Especially when sound editing sounds like a director, just take a friend's video camera and shoot a little zombie flick. The show is still bad. (In my opinion) and follow the "actors" of American junk movies from Japanese zombies This movie is not good, almost House of the Dead is not good, better than no doubt that But then did not say much It's not the worst movie, and better than going to the movie video out there. But at the end of the day is not good I think the movie moves very slowly, even if it's only one hour and twenty minutes or more. (And yes, I still don't like the debut song) This is the type of movie that I think is suitable for screenings in a sci-fi network, which is why I need to make this movie one out of ten. But try to think like this, at least not negative
