In the director of Vivah Sooraj Barjatya, the 20 boys of Delhi Shahid Kapur found himself killed by a small town girl whose father chose him to marry. Shahid agrees with the innocence and simplicity of She Shahid agreed with the marriage shortly after he met her at home in Madhupur and the problematic girl, Amrita Rao, seemed to have equally charming fans. The marriage was fixed for six months later and the couple found themselves in the first pain of their youthful geographic distances, but Amrita, who was raised by her uncle And her aunt, after the death of her parents, was a horrible disaster just hours before marriage Then it was up to Shahid to play as a noble lover and embrace her unconditionally as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hath. Barjatya Vivah's new movie is at the same level as the ideal family. Unfortunately, the story of the film is too old to pull back over Ekta Kapoor soap that goes back and the problem is clear? You can't relate to such clean characters that don't have bad bones in their bodies. There are many things that support and oppose Hindi movies and time is an important factor. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps the plot of Vivah might not feel like stretching out. But today it seems that the product of the mind stuck in the time warp Perhaps the only elegance of this film is the fact that it is sincere from beginning to end. You can immediately make out that the filmmakers' intentions are not deceptive. Considering from Barjatya's previous film and closely examining the film, you can confidently declare that Barjatya believes in a perfect world. He believes in a good character like gold. He believes that a large family can. Living together happily Little bumps But alas, he couldn't translate his vision to the screen. Is it difficult to overlook how his protagonists are in one dimension? Shahid and Amrita both pure and pure? I mean, think about it. The first time they shook hands was one hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatya might think that he returned to the Maine Pyar Kiya and Vivah roots, but the truth is the reason we accept Salman and Bhagyashree in the movie. This story or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun is because they have excellent chemical properties. Because even though they were created from the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, those pairs were damaged and Majid Shahid and Amrita were light and boring people for movies that needed a lot of music to describe the story of Filmmakers choose 70s style music that will slow down the movie's rhythm. But if I had to choose only one reason to explain why Vivah didn't work for me, it was because I wasn't sure if I could relate to the character that relies on Barjatya's story. For some people, Vivah gives hope to the world that Perfect like this. There exists somewhere. But I thought I was a little insulted, so let Madhuri Hom of Hum Aapke Hain Kaun give me Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya for me. I will use Karisma Kapoor of Hum Saath Saath Hain but help me from these stupid people. Do you know that some marriages do not happen in this Vivah heaven!
