If this documentary was not produced by famous French director Louis Malle, I would have to shut down after the first 15 minutes because it seemed incredibly boring in the Midwestern cities of America in 1979. My thoughts about fun topics and movies are similar to home movie collections. Considering that I didn't know these people, it was less interesting. <br /> <br /> Because it's a documentary about boring life, I wondered while watching the messages they tried to convey? Perhaps it is possible that the values ​​are not as conservative as you think - this is a reference through many short articles (such as Republicans, whose son is a registered body, as well as men and women). Which thinks about sex outside of marriage is okay) or perhaps the meaning is that there is a lot of stubbornness that is the foundation of a good homeland - many ugly thoughts like Accusing the Jews of financial conspiracy, extremist extremism> The Small Town of 1979 has been explored in depth and has a sort of beautiful world But when the filmmaker returned six years later, the mood was depressed. Thanks to President Reagan. This thing is not straightforward for many reasons. In the first part of 1979, almost 90% of this movie and 10% of the final was only a few interviews with the president who blamed everything, except for acne. What about the rest of the people in this city? They all saw that Reagan was a wicked person or that their lives were more negative? With just a few updates, it seems suspicious. Secondly, while it is true that national debt is doubled in the past year, intervening, so gross national products, and while Malle shows that 1979 was a time of optimism. But it is still far from that period in 1974-1980. There are many shortages such as gas, sugar, etc. The strike, inflation and general malaise While I was not a big fan of Reagan because of the government's growth was not slow during his rule, the country in general was more optimistic than it had been in Ford and Carter years. While many media have made Reagan a popular sport in the 80s, but the economy has improved significantly and the documentary seems to be driven one way and into the agenda. If the documentary provides more thorough coverage in 1985 and does not seem too negative to believe (After all, not everyone has a worse life - this challenges common sense) and then I might think otherwise. <br /> Overall, it's not a great documentary that some people have announced - since the movie that Boring in 1979 to a very tilted image in 1985 <br /> <br /> By the way, it's just Am I saying that the movie DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems to be inspired by this movie, at least partially Both are located in a similar community. But the latter film is a hilarious parody of the movie without any violence.
