The evidence and the story about making criminals aware of what his victims passed by holding the hostage, his family sounds promising and interesting. But this is just an interesting part, which was managed 20 years ago by director Ravi Tandon in his movie "Jawab '(1985) as well. The problem is that director Ace Rajkumar Santoshi finds himself confused or Not So that it is a fast-paced action thriller game (ie. Khakee) or an emotionally filled drama (Viz. Damini) and this confusion is quite clear in the end result if we don't care about Pukar (2000) of the two of them and Lajja (2001). This great director paid a lot of attention to movies with high entertainment value, so this movie is surprising that what makes people This chapter is sensitive to the two protagonists, Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman. When the film ends, the audience doesn't know who to hate and who is sympathetic and this factor is a limited force in the lecture. So perfect that things will begin in the war between the common people and This world mafia ends with being Take notes of self-awareness and regret what happened to his family. The revelation of Don's son to be a real bad person does not come as a surprise element in the climax, which is compared to a similar situation in 'Khakee ". Working effectively with the characters of Aishwarya. That the life of the Underworld Don, operating from a foreign country, was unreasonable. He landed in Mumbai openly from where he thought to escape and run away from his enemies and shoot He himself does not seem convincing Aryeman as opposed to Mr. Bachchan is not a good idea anymore. But the film also has some interesting issues. Ashok Mehta has a great camera, two great fighting scenes. (Coordinator Abbas Ali Moughal) Some scenes with good movements In the second half of Santoshi's fast-flowing treatment, and of course, Bachchan often tried hard to turn his life into a lifeless character. But these things can't be combined to make viewing an exciting experience for You and your family!
