I have never seen this movie before, so I am afraid that I will not be very specific. ... It has some interesting issues. Ralph Bakshi's efforts in adjusting the animation of J.R.R masterpiece Tolkien is a very ambitious project, so there is ambition in the fact that it went bankrupt in some stages of production. So not only But will stop immediately somewhere in the middle of the second volume of the trilogy (With shades of hints of sequels that have never been made). The movie seems less It seems that some characters are animated while others are filming. But the intention is hard to say or not Everything seems to be shabby and undoing, especially Orcs and Nazgul. Of course, another problem is the large gap in the story. Bakshi rushes to complete this movie and he hopes to compress one book and Half an hour in less than two hours (Peter Jackson's new finale was done about two times) The too important part went out (and I didn't refer to Tom Bombadil only, which I think was pretty in the book. But will look stupid in the movie) and of course the ending, which happens suddenly and out of place I'm not even sure Bakshi intended to end the movie there, or if he had the idea of ​​ending it. <br /> <br /> The character ... Well, most of them are ok. Bit doesn't look bad. (Except Gay Sam, did you know that the creators of the new trilogy first wanted Sam to be a woman, so would there be a female lead character?) If you were a fanatic, Tolkien (like me) watched this movie. (Although I'm not sure about buying it, what special features are there on the DVD version?) But know in advance that you won't watch. 'Lord of the Rings' actually 'movies', but no more than historical curiosity that may not look better than the 60s model that the Beatles will follow their plans. (Actually, I think LOTR, which is psychedelic, should be cool enough. As Gandalf, Paul is Frodo, Ringo is Sam and John as Gollum) If you don't read the book or don't like it a lot or don't like animation movies Or do not want to see the movie ends in half ... stay away.
