The opening scene of this film creates excitement throughout the ninety minutes. The shooting was a common matter and the quality of the TV movie. The snowy scenery is beautiful. But the characters in it are of similar quality to the view of this landscape. The overwhelming feeling from a distance Some of the corrections are of a high quality and the work of an experienced professional. Such conversations are unbelievable and have been invented with only 'real' conversations. Any emotional understanding will be replaced by swearing, which of course is the way everyone expresses their true feelings. The action is slow and unresponsive. The overall feeling of being one of the people who drops cold water on your head. But very slowly until you barely notice But in the end, you feel poor and slightly regretted in a difficult situation. <br /> <br /> The combination of the genres that Fessenden tries to use is a psychological thriller, a horror story and a family drama. Appreciation from the lack of tension and interesting conversations The way that husbands and wives and three children interact together is not particularly realistic. The pattern of family relationships played in the scenes where the haunts were first mentioned countless times by many great movies. The immediate example of The Shining (1980) family units here are scary problems that are difficult to understand or Sympathetic considering the ambiguity of the movie. <br /> <br /> The family unit almost staggered throughout the movie. The narrative in favor of the family drama is slow. For most of the working time, the real Otis 'stalker' has a little clear motivation for his behavior and even being the most interesting character and acting well. But still very underdeveloped The main character is the empty chaff of people, which is very difficult to relate to their relationship with each other, void, especially from any feelings or feelings, even if Erik's ignorance per character Sullivan's young drama by his parents should be part of this story. But there are people who have reason to ask his son if he is accused of speaking to someone who doesn't seem real? People can accept this movie as being intelligent because of the lack of traditional aspects of horror from living things. But this movie fails in terms of what kind of things you want to read. You can read deep psychological meanings. You should hope, but I think people will be better at analyzing their carpets for emotional meaning. Something more than creating these sub-vacuous humans
