In time to benefit from the long-awaited Dream Girl movie, the DVD release, the melodrama, the forgotten musical drama in 1976, was inspired. Launched five years before the Broadway opening of "Dream Girls" and some parts of the same period, there are mostly black actors and stories that revolve around the upcoming girl group. Written by Joel Schumacher before he became the director of the mainstream studio products ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera") This movie looks scary. However, Schumacher's true style makes the weakness of the story and character development by injecting many ancient ideas and striking torpedoes. Sam O'Steen is a highly regarded filmmaker, but director Neophyte A drama producer like a low-budget television movie with a scene structure is a small matter for this movie. Three girls, Harlem Sisters - Sexy Dello girls who are righteous in themselves and Sweet Sparkle - as they sing in the choir, meet with Stix and Levi boys who speak fluently. But determined that their first group was successful As a group wearing a sweater called the heart, and then, as the three charming men, known as Sisters and Sisters But in nature, there is a problem beyond the stupid name for the group - Sisters is involved with a nasty drug dealer like Stort Terrier who dances her and turns her into a cocaine junkie. Levi goes to jail for being addicted to satin; Has been frustrated by the failure and turned to find the Jewish Mafia for financial assistance; Delores just got tired of normal and the poor Sparkle had to decide what kind of future she needed. Another advantage is that Curtis Mayfield, the mighty R&B writer, wrote songs in the atmosphere, some catchy songs, and one song is "Look Into Your Heart" which is the true winner. <br /> <br /> Strong actors perform best in difficult situations. Lonette McKee's brave effort to make Sister become a tragic person has been cut by the alternate plans of the Ham, as well as the tragic turn of Billie Holliday at Mike. Before they hit it immensely on the premiere TV, Philip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harwood show Stix and Levi with power as a child if not very reliable. The best work came from Mary Alice during a relatively quiet transition, while the mother, girl, and Irene Kara, who had previously expressed sincerity easily in the role of the name (Although the cost and her hairdresser The DVD was accompanied by original movie trailers with ridiculous sound by DJ Casey Kasem and the five bonus songs of the movie that were not shown by the original actors, but by Aretha Franklin. In 1976, it was not a horrible movie, just an interesting story if lacking a curio that would cover the same area as "Dreamgirls".
