Are you familiar with the concept of children's art? Even though it is not the greatest Picasso that three-year-olds have achieved before But you encourage them to do more things If drawing is something that makes them happy, there should be no reason for parents to stick with their children. In general, if children like to draw or draw, you will immediately see the foundation of their future style. You will begin to see their true form in these ancient doodles. The concept of this children's art is what I feel about the film's cheap and non-creative feces. While every account is a horror movie, it's impressive to see Fuqua's style start to appear even the most busy times. If you see training days or King Arthur, you will be impressed with the origin of the director in his second movie, Bait, while Foxx gives horrible performances. But there are some scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate his ability behind the camera. Sadly, it emerged in the last thirty minutes of the movie. But if you focus on those scenes, you'll see why the name of Fuqua appears on many "Best Of ??" movies lists. <br /> <br /> I don't agree with the people of my eyes. Fuqua behind the camera is refreshing and unique. His ability to put the camera in a strange place to convey the simplest emotions is shocking. I was surprised that another Hollywood didn't jump on this band. Even if it is a ridiculous victim, you still witness the greatness of Fuqua. Two scenes that come directly into the heart are the bomb scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene near the end. In these scenes, both I saw director Fuqua working. Alas, in the rest of the film, what I saw was a mix of almost all the action movies that were created. A hero who is delighted in his luck, and suddenly his life turns out to be a classic structure that must die in Hollywood. We have seen these two things often and no matter who you are. (Except that you are Charlie Coffman) You can't create a wheel. It was impossible for this type of game and proved by Bait. I was frustrated with Fuqua. Just sit down and let this happen, which can explain why I had to spend three times watching this movie. I just got tired of the structure and while I hope Fuqua will redefine it, he can't. <br /> <br /> Then there is a performance. While Jamie Fox never impressed me as an actor But I am willing to try this vehicle I want to see if he can draw another drama that is similar to collateral. I fall under the impression that perhaps this is a movie that has been chosen to be shown. Producer Foxx can handle the role of collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx is annoying Not in the sense that it is the way in which his character is But in the sense that it feels as though both Fuqua and Foxx do not spend the time training in the Foxx fully, what should be advertised and what should be used more. Plot, but we are also reduced. The scene is more than the scene of Foxx trying to make the audience laugh. Adding long words and a second cultural statement to the audience to understand that he was the first comedian to be the second actor. Fuqua should stop this thing immediately. Foxx's joke destroys his character, which makes me no longer. What is stable to understand Rather than developing the character, he would say no matter what style it was. Funny, not funny. The rest of the actors are average. From this I mean I have seen them all in a similar role. They have nothing new on the table, nothing solid to the story, and nothing is significant to the overall theme of the movie. They pledge to fill the air in space. Phu Quoc cannot control this matter and the final decision only supports that accusation. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a sad movie. When there is no creativity to see and the unmanaged actors just try to make themselves move forward, things that start as a good story eventually sink into the sand in the cinema. Foxx is annoying without the character lines and complete cheese bags. In each scene, I didn't see the emotion and when the mood wanted to send the message, he chose to take off his shirt instead of dealing with the problem. Is my word harsh? I do not think so When you watch a movie you want to see creative, edible characters and themes that seem to approach the house. Victims do not have these things. While I would give Fuqua credit for two scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. Obviously I took the victim when renting this movie. But now I see it, hoping that I can stop others from starving. I want to see <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from ***** (for him, two scenes that enjoy look)
