THE WATERDANCE (1991) The main character of The Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, found himself in the treatment center with others who were injured in the same way. And there he will face a brutal new life confined to a wheelchair Is an interesting and promising place Unfortunately, it cannot be deployed. What will follow is Hollywood at an interesting time. Of course, the actors (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al) are great and work well here, as everyone expects, but their talent is wasted. Most characters are one type of pattern, and most of them are very different (Snipes character is an exception). I think this is some effort to destroy people's thoughts about being disabled. "Disabled" or "weak" by drawing them mostly in your position - but it makes the experience totally annoying. It is accepted that it will show you. That permanently disabled through in a way that is not gentle or romantic, useful, and it is a good idea. But while the narrative process can make it difficult And that is something that is worth managing. It is not part of the package that these characters must be They don't have to be Disneyfied as well. Of course, there is a middle ground somewhere. From the conclusion of the movie, the character Eric Stoltz acquired his status as a disabled person. But since he is a narcissistic monster that fires from the beginning to the end, we are not interested. <br /> <br /> In addition to the character problems, the film has also suffered from strange diseases at the movie. Many Hollywood people have to suffer. The symptoms do not have an official name. But you may call "Unexplained forgiveness syndrome" It is something like this: the characters use the wrong tricks and then there is no more apology. All are forgiven. (The most disgusting example of this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which one character spends most of the time. All bullying movies are in the time of hearing the results. They love him. One of the latest examples of Spiderman 3, supervillain The Sandman puts garbage on Manhattan and then laments about Spiderman about 15 minutes before being waved away. With the number "By now"), the most formidable example of IFS in The Waterdance is the sequence after being called n-word by the racist character of William Forsythe and his friends in Previously, the character Wesley Snipes plays the same role as Forsythe in the next scene, as if nothing had happened for a short time again without being "Oh, yes, sorry about the business. Go back there. I know you called the word n." It makes me wonder if these people actually watch these movies before they release them, or they just close. Their eyes slapped them together in the editing room according to the scene number.
