Stifler has completed the use of his mileage and has now joined the Beta House. The crazy thing has happened. People run around naked and stupid people are fun and this series is dead in the water. The Naked Mile is a shit movie, but I think it is much better than the Band Camp. It seems that they go back to things that don't work for them and show that they don't care as well. You can tell where the target group is and they capture it perfectly. Teenagers who like to see naked women, rude humor and beer drinking will love Beta House. Everyone can look beautiful. <br /> <br /> Star Wars has become a great success that has shocked viewers. Special effects The Lord of the Rings creates the whole world of mythical creatures and the great battles that make the eyes dazzled. The Matrix transforms the way sci / fi works and movies, especially with modern special effects. With all the technological advances, we wait for the next big thing to make our jaw fall to the ground. So American Pie: Beta House will determine the extent of technology that can be done. When people built spacecraft, landscapes and living things using CGI Beta House, decided to use this technology to create semen. Yes, what creates life. What you see many times in porn movies is created and slows down to show us the filming of white residues throughout the room to a funny teddy bear. Disgusting? either? Beta House shows nude pictures over The Naked Mile, which is surprising considering the previous installment topics. Does the movie need it? Of course not. Have you ever had a plot in advance? Have you ever laughed? Has it ever made young kids excited? Yes, women are beautiful. But if I was the one who thought that there were too many nudity, you could do porn. <br /> <br /> Women who attract the attention of our main characters are beautiful. And not disturbing the audience as with previous girls in the series But I never believed that this character would do what she did. I'm pretty sure that every action from the characters in this movie is far from the truth. The American Pie series has fallen from the realm of reality into the fantasy world. No events in this movie will happen if they ever do. I must attend this school immediately. Should this movie make people feel that they are having a good time? It's not. We are watching. They have a good time at the end of the movie that we hate them for the fun they have. <br /> <br /> There is a scene "Deer Hunter" in the movie, but to make it. "Funny" for the audience today, they decided to change the bullet with a seminal horse. Are you laughing Instead of shooting himself with the semen that is said in the head or face, they put the gun in the mouth. Are you on the floor laughing? The first time we got to know Stifler's roommate, he had sex with his girlfriend. Are you cheering on nude pictures? At first it seems that this movie is about boys trying to get into a twin house. But after that they moved to a twin house But want to do some work From then on it will turn into a competition between the interested parties and the children. It goes to "Revenge of the Nerds" for us and seems to be out. I don't really know what this movie is about because it goes everywhere. <br /> <br /> Most comedy movies seem to be forced to panic. Even at the beginning with his father, he will show the names of people he has sex with his son. The joke in there, I think it may be the fact that his wife is not a surname on the list, or it may be that the mother of one of his son's friends is on the list. Not one thing, it doesn't work. <br /> <br /> I guess if you're still not guessing, this movie isn't funny. It seems that it is not emphasizing that this is a pathetic and rude humor that is known as a series that is not shocking. Skip the weak and other future periods as well. I don't know why I saw all the items in the series. But for some reason they seem to meet my eyes
