... that Jamie Foxx will give you an excellent performance and get an Oscar One of the reasons I was impressed with Ray's performance in "Ray" is because of watching his disgusting, disgusting performances in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call". I never thought he would. Got an Oscar If someone told me five years ago that Jamie Fox would one day win an Academy Award, I would laugh at the face. Who knows? Maybe he would be better off acting because if you watched "Bait", it was obvious that the comedy was not his right hand. I swore Jamie Glass in this movie so much that I was surprised that his face didn't fall out. And why he had to make those stupid sounds every time he received Anyone who is familiar with comedians like Bob New Hart and Steven Wright knows that comedy doesn't have to be loud and disgusting. If funny jokes, it's funny. If it's not a joke, making a crazy accent will not make it fun. The problem I have with some comedians who decide to try is that they like to laugh by being a character. In real life, normal people are not witty and absolute. Just as Albert Brooks said in an interview with his character in "Taxi driver" It is important to joke as your character instead of being a joke as a comedian. Jamie's important example of violating that rule is a horrifying scary scene in which his glass image is being filmed and he starts shooting like a model. If a normal person is thrown into prison, will he really be stupid when he is shot in a glass? And the police can't try to scold him? There are many such scenes throughout the movie. Another terrifying sequence is that Jamie is calling the villain without knowing it, and he begins to pronounce fake Caribbean accents. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie doesn't seem to accept the funny time. The comedy requires patience while he goes straight to the pearl, whether it's the right time or not. I'm not a big fan of Mike Epps, but his performance is good compared to Jamie's. First I was relieved whenever he appeared on the screen. Epps had the same flaws when talking about jokes. But at least he chose a method that is less important One of the few bright spots in this comedy movie is David Morse, an actor with a lowly role, most well known for his role as a villain. It seems that he is the only actor in the movie that is related to the truth. However, the star "Green Mile", a friend of Doug Hutchison, is the most disgusting as a villain. A great surprise, considering that he gave a great performance in "The Green Mile", also played heavily. Antoine Fuqua proved his directing abilities in films like "The Replacement Killers" and "Training Day. "Even in" victims ", he also shows that he can direct action scenes. His only problem seems to have caused Jamie Fox to have discipline which might make the drama half a joke worse. Unless you're a Foxx fan please do not get victims.
