I can't believe that we look at all this shit. But we do and I feel like having to warn others to avoid all costs. When one of the main characters announces that he is gay twice during the first five minutes, don't ignore it as a general nonsense of the PC and have to make it better because it will not happen if his boyfriend faggoty hanging Above him doesn't make you sick. You have to thank the person who wrote and / or directed all the performances. This is a little restraint. I mean get real It is one thing to have gay characters that appear in movies at this time. But it is another story that will continuously slap the screen and examine closely and personally when the sheet clearly indicates that it should be flicked About a mother who is looking for "close" something about the sudden death of her daughter One thing is related to another thing, may be tempted to ask. Clearly, both issues are inseparable. And if that is not bad, there is a bearded woman at an ice cream shop I mean seriously, not a poor woman who has heard about electricity. Why do you have to walk around like that? At the very least, how to get rid of the ugly things and while you are there, remove the horrible mole. Can you help the ice cream that you serve for you? I think not. It must be something New Jersey. <br /> <br /> You might think that Diane Keaton might have saved this life. But think again. Did you actually try to put lipstick on the body? I don't want to even think about it. So if the body should be her own dead daughter The strange excuse for this film is the fall from the word, and that's all there is to it. We hope that each of these characters will walk into the waves and move on. There are no such dishonest people, even one who has received the sympathy from us remotely. Trust me - send this shit. It's not about the death, the mother who suffocated her daughter inadvertently or even many other nasty problems that caused it, no matter how little you want to hear. It is a trash in the wrong way from the misguided and incompetent director.
