The plot of this movie was so scary that I made the spoiler warning because I wasn't sure what to give. The audience saw some men in Jack the Ripper kill the old man in the alley one hundred years ago. If so, we have a modern day and young Australian couples are looking for a home. We received an incredible tour of this house and the husband saw an old mirror body. The 105 year old woman lived there. There is also a large steel panel that covers the wall in the cave. The old fashioned razor came out when they were being repaired and the husband kept it. I guess he will be possessed by a razor because he has a strange dream. Oh yeah, the couple can't have children because the husband is shooting the gap. <br /> <br /> Some fungus seems to climb up. The wall after the steel sheet was removed and the mold was shaped like a man At the end of this story, there is a plot about a large cache of money & the husband kills security officers & colleagues and steals money. His wife was suddenly pregnant. <br /> <br /> What happened? Who knows? Nothing explained. The 105 year old woman is a child of a serial killer? Baby sister? Why do you need to place the steel plate on the wall? How to make a serial killer available in the basement? He was trapped there by his family and starved to death or just hidden? Who is Mr. Hobbs and why would he want the steel panel? He never saw again. Why do serial killers kill people? We only saw an old man who was murdered. Have a pattern or motivation or something ?? Why is the wife pregnant? Is it a devil's spawn of a serial killer? He manages to infiltrate the sperm of the husband? And why if a husband can defeat and kill a large and large security guard, can he not defeat his wife? And the voltage system in Australia has the power to make him cross the room just by cutting the wires And why is the wife in the house? Is she now being a serial killer? Will the baby be a murderer? <br /> <br /> This movie is a very disappointing experience that I want to call PBS and request a refund! The only fun aspect of this story is to see the husband running around in his boxer shorts many times.
