The German bean case Jörg Buttgereit apparently has fans - but I don't know why and I'm not one of them! Buttgereit movie, the only thing I've seen before, is Nekromantik and I hate every minute. But - shocking - this movie is worse! The Der Todesking is not the same as Nekromantik, but it's a worse movie because it's boring in the way that some movies have been manipulated. (It is not far from The Blair Witch Project seriously) Some people say that this movie is 'sick' and 'shocking' but actually not. The director may point to death. But only he knows what it is Everyone can watch this movie and be anything other than boredom with it. It's completely beyond me. The film contains suicide and follows the deaths of seven people in a week. Yes, that means we have a boring and boring scene for a pointless and boring Monday for Tuesday's pointless and boring episodes for Wednesday, etc. etc. This movie is more tedious than the average week of me! <br /> <br /> Der Todesking seems to be an 'art' movie, although this is a reference to an unreasonable method instead of referring to a film that is similar to each 'art'. Will tell the story separately - but it can't! We just got a short draft of suicide and it makes you wonder what the point is. The movie feels that it should be deep. But there is a big gap that intelligence agencies should stay and nothing to fill. Buttgereit uses some emotional images. But I shouldn't remember them for more than a week or more because this movie is not a memorable story. There is a shock associated with rotting human body which looks quite often. But that is quite old, fast, and what you left is the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. If I have struggled for the good things to say about this nonsense, what I can think of is that the name sounds cool like I have spoken. Nekromantik is the only movie I have ever seen from an amateur director. This person I have a copy of Schramm and Nekromantik 2 and now I don't hurry to see it too. Der Todesking is a film that is not interesting and anyone called 'art' is very misunderstood to miss it
