To avoid confusion, let me clarify a few points: I'm not a red neck. I'm not a moderate or conservative person. On the other hand, I'm a radical: liberal. I'm not WASP as well. I'm not born in America. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges once said that there are people who do not feel the poetry and those who are sad. Received poetry to teach their lives This movie is produced by and for those who do not feel poetry by and for acting. And I dare to say by and for those who are not suitable or for that matter, respecting the life or death of others (Especially when victims are thought to be "Blood imperialism", mostly killed in the Yankee soil) I also searched for the original marketing concept of eleven episodes, eleven minutes, nine seconds and one frame, especially nasty and disgusting. Just plain scary Why did they not allocate multiple dollars per episode because the people were brutally murdered in the attack? All ideas are somewhere between ignorance and fascism that is careless. Anyone who is serious about making movies (And serious about life and death) should refuse angrily to participate in the remembrance of those who do not know about and those who do not believe in this matter There are two exceptions: the Burkina Faso episode - almost amusing - and one episode from India - which records the story of a man who was unjustly and wrongly investigated about the attack on the basis that he Didn't do 'not have to go home and say that he is an American Muslim (And to tell the truth when the facts are known, he is regarded as a hero). Nine other episodes that are extremely boring and emotionless can be shown in two different categories: <br / > <br /> Before: 'I don't care about thousands of victims: American, foreigners, children, children, adults, age counters ...' and able to resume working in pure boredom and lack of Makhmalbaf feelings ( Iran); Lelouch's (France) ?? I am afraid that I will commit sin because it belongs to Lelouch, but perhaps his part may be considered by the idea which may be considered almost the original Tanovic (Bosnia-Herzegovina); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitaï (Israel); Penn (United States) <br /> <br /> Second: 'The Yankees are bloodthirsty, deserve it' and can come back to work with frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) proves to be Suicide bombers; Loach (United Kingdom) saw that the 9/11 reckless attack was a punishment for the alleged support of the United States in the Chilean dictatorship, with Augusto Pinochet being a serial killer. Actually someone Not related to Al-Qaida and Chile is a country in South America that has Only bin Laden should be ignored. He should also be informed that the American government has boycotted Chile's dictatorship more difficult than other countries, and Imamura (Japan) clearly points out that World War II. Relating to the WTC attack. At least, Imamura is connected in this regard: linking effects causes a complete nonsense that plays Well with his episode, including a man who believes himself to be a snake It pretends to be vague. It is rather ridiculous instead. <br /> <br /> There are some mistakes that many people, including some Americans, and comprise the belief that this film is not commercially screened in the United States because of certain types. Of censorship Nothing more from the truth: This film is not screened in America because it is a complete failure. The most unusual type of failure Even in Buenos Aires, the Peronism and other fascist forms, the closest and most beloved of many people and the anti-Americanism in modern times, this movie is shown in the living room and quickly transformed into a movie theater. By a well-chosen public: a normal tragic person who lends their applause to strange glasses Like a McDonald's fast food restaurant, or maybe an elderly Jew who was burnt to ashes
