Blob begins with one of the most bizarre songs ever sung by Burt Bacharach, who is not trusted by everyone! You must listen in order to believe. Blob may be worth it to see only this song and the conclusion of my user comments is just a little bit of a good song ... after an uncertain credit opening sequence This Blob introduces us to the audience - Steve Andrew. (Steve McQueen as Steven McQueen) and girlfriend Jane Martin (Aneta Corsaut), parked in their own place & witnessed what looked like a meteorite falling to the earth in the woods near Side by side, the old man (Olin Howland as in Olin Howlin), who lives in the hut, still sees and goes to investigate. He finds a strange crater and a rock of football size that separates him when he opens it with a stick. Placing in the middle of the meteorite is a jelly that looks like a substance that sticks to the rod if you know what I mean! Then it moved the stick & stuck to the old man's hand. At the same time, Steve and Jane are driving quietly, taking into account their own business. When the old man runs out in front of Steve's car, Steve is a good kind man, deciding to take the old man to Dr. T. Alden 'Stephen' Chase Chase at the surgical hospital, Dr. Hallan says he doesn't know what is important in the old man's hand. But it is even bigger and asks Steve to go back to where he found him and see if he can find out what happened. Steve agrees, but nothing happens and when he returns to the surgery of Dr. Halan, he saw a drop of blood swallowing him. Police of the city of Lieutenant Dave (Earl Rowe) & Teen Hates Sergeant Jim Bert (John Benson) Surprisingly, don't believe his words & end up with suspicion. Steve & Friends (Anthony Franke) Tony (Robert Field) & someone called Miller ' Mooch '(James Bonnet) in playing elaborate jokes in the police department However, when the drops continued to eat it through the city of Steve about finding evidence of existence and believing the police about the threats that it not only But to their city but all over the world! <br /> <br /> Directing Irvin S Yeaworth Jr. and Russell S. Doughton Jr. uncredited. I was disappointed with this story throughout the 1958 original edition of The Blob. The script by Kay Linaker as Kate Phillips & Theodore Simonson is definitely bored & boring, not to do strong things. Finally, The Blob focuses on the dramatization and conflict between teenagers and the police. In fact, the Blob is mainly used in Steve who is trying to convince the police about having Blob's story for this movie, almost every drop is almost unreasonable & forgotten. There are only two or three scenes in the fist time and a little until the climax is less exciting when adults and teens have to Work together to overcome drops and be appreciated by each other. After that, yuck! Why drops don't eat them a lot There are no explanations about the drops or the origin, other than those from space. How long have they been used for that? The conversation is stupid and stupid, just like the actions and decisions of people. I like when the nurse is named Kate (Lee Paton is Lee Payton. Does anyone use their real name in this thing?) Are facing blob. She threw acid. Went and declared calmly that "The doctor has nothing to stop!" How do you know that 'nothing' will stop it for sure? No blood or violence, so don't worry about that. The special technique in the drops itself is not bad when considering. But it hardly has any screen time & moves very slowly like general movies in general The performance was terrible. McQueen should be a teenager when in fact he was 28 years old and showed that he looked old enough to be his own father! The same thing happened with most other 'teenage' actors and everyone who spoke often with wood and not credible in their role. Technically, Blob is the basis for static photography. Still, blunt direction and memorable production values. The Blob is one of the movies that may sound good on paper and is well known as 'classic' but in reality it is disappointing. When I finally This is one case when the remake of The Blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. Blob is original, slow and boring & remake, not the original Blob, no blood or blood & remake. The original Blob has an incredibly bad performance and a selection decision. The screen lasts less, eating only three or four people throughout the movie & remake. There are drops throughout & almost eating the entire city. The option is an easy option to create a new one every time because it is a better movie in every respect. I will give the two-star movie and give the song a wonderful main song by itself. Of course, most classic people do not produce it for sure.
