It's not a strange coincidence that I decided to watch STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the date of June 1950, when President Truman ordered the US Army to enter the Korean War. You see STARLIFT located at Travis Air Force Base in California. Over the years, it has been used as a post for soldiers sent to fight in Korea. But you have to do your own research to know this, because it's not the only time between the movies is the name 'Korea'. As mentioned, we see a transport plane flying out of a new regiment and returning with wounded soldiers. But there is no mention of where these soldiers will fight or hurt Which is uncommon for movies designed to waving flags and showing respect for American men in the STARLIFT uniform, launched in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, a clear attempt to simulate the success of supporters. Encouraged in the post-World War II studio of the "Hollywood Canteen" crowd of crowds in 1944, telling the story of two soldiers spending their last three nights in Going to the famous nightclub in LA hoping to make an appointment with Joan Leslie, but actually it's an excuse for Warners to stomp all the stars under the contract from Joan Crawford. Ford, John Garfield and Barbara Stanwick to Peter Laurence, Betty Davis, Sydney Green Street and many more. STARLIFT presents two air forces in the hope of Meet the actor Nell Wayne (like the mask of Janice Rule) and whip. The constellation Warner Brothers to perform in front of the dying. But in the place of Crawford Garfield et al, the best that Warner Bros. could scrape in 1951 was Doris Day Ruth Roman Gordon McRay Virginia, Mayo Gene Nelson and Phil Harris Eyey look at Gary Cooper. This threadbare cast, which has the power of the combined stars, struggles to ensure that the light of the standard lamp is perfectly matched. Rough production Assumed that it was an attempt to save money in many scenes that took a long time using very poor rear projection. How bad is it? You can see the screen attendance matching the floor of the sound stage! In explaining STARLIFT is a movie that has a sloppy rate of laziness and the third is the damage to movies with sloppy, lazy rates and third rates. It's terrible. Avoid it.
