This boy, <br /> <br /> ever wanted to see a jerk documentary about megalomaniacal Destroying his life and making everyone around him? They are available in many forms. But have you ever wanted to see a documentary that talks about people who do not succeed in doing anything in the end, although everyone will see how much they are "genius" art? You may grab the camera and meet someone like that in the local scene. (I know they are everywhere and I am not following the local scene) or you can help yourself by using money to see rags. <br /> <br /> The evidence is good and straightforward, not that The filmmaker knows precisely where it will go when considering it as a problem of documentary making. We were created to follow the two bands, The Brian Jamestown Massacre led by Anton and The Dandy Warhols, led by Courtney. I've heard of The Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... not Brian Jamestown Massacre. Why? From the point of view of this documentary because of the irregularities between Brian Jamestown's group, Massacre refused. They were unable to create it in the music industry. However, instead of analyzing the two bands separately and how to succeed, the focus will increase with Anton and his insanity. <br /> <br /> Because Anton is a "genius" because he plays Rock music, he "really understands the evolution of music" ... because he plays rock music with many different instruments His music is seen as "Retro post modern, but the future" ... because it's a rock song He wants to bring the "revolution" out ... through rock music. Okay, let's face it ... twenty minutes ahead, and this is one of the stupid children that I want to see a documentary about <br /> <br /> The documentary itself doesn't lend to show anything. Anton's ability, because in the nature of content editing, 2,000 hours for a short two hours, we do not have time to pay attention. So we looked at Anton as a "genius". The social loser was mad for two hours and was instructed to understand that he made really great songs. No matter what he does, I don't know, because it's not like a documentary, enough time to prove. What I know is that when we left the story about some nasty twerp that ran around the country, calling ourselves the god of music and doing nothing to spare. Why must you sit and watch? People like Anton do not deserve the attention that they seek, hope and appreciation from those different people, and especially the men behind the post failing to lose their potential. This movie plays like VH1, which has been cut roughly for two hours with a reason: he keeps on music. But it's about the image and interest Look at the men, see how they dress, see what they do, see how they try to create a conflict because they can't market. <br /> <br /> The only interesting character in this movie is Joel and that is because everyone in this documentary Joel is the only person who seems to have fun. Probably because he is a tambourine. The rest is a "rock star"! They deserve our attention, appreciation and interest and participation! They went out there for "Help Rock and Roll" You remember when the white band should be "Save rock and roll"? Yes, that is because Anton and it is "their selfishness not to mention me (Anton) is inspiring." Loads what people like Anton are best left out. This documentary explains why mainstream music is boring - because music executives have to contact people like Anton for a living and ultimately can really support them. Thank you so much Anton Your comedy destroys all the music you touch, and if people "know" about Anton disagree and he is a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is that it cuts it down like that. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
