Like most reviewers, I saw this in Starz! Need. After watching an example with my girlfriend, she decided not to watch it from how to see a bad example. On the other hand, I think it looks strange enough to guarantee viewing. I mean, Dr. Meso's design alone guarantees at least the clearance of this name. After watching, I can say that even though there are some interesting aspects (Eg browsing a notebook and trying to understand an unintelligible story) It is best to pass this story. <br /> <br /> * Major Spoilers Ahead * After making their first video for The unfinished CD, the lead singer Cassidy killed herself in an attempt to bring her boyfriend Neil to observe her. 3 months later, the band tried to decide whether or not they would finish the album. To try and see what Cassidy wanted, they met her old friend, Dr. Meso and trying to contact her through him In reading his card, Dr. Meso changed four death cards for the remaining four members. The worst moments are ahead. (I just want to point out that later in the movie, they explain that the card is actually a representation of the change, their glory, at least), although not approved by the dead friend Finish album But while in the bathroom, Dora, Cassidy's best friend, caught the eye of her deceased friend. When another group of friends came to investigate her, Dora was standing in the dark, asking for his sunglasses. That is when killing begins. <br /> <br /> My main problem with movies from the very beginning is that it seems to be so stylish that it is wrong. There are too many variance effects, unnecessary zooming. The ongoing story doesn't help anything. While the lecture hung together in the first part, when Cassidy resurrected, everything was broken. We have skipped between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (the mysterious person can enter the locked building) which shows that they are connected in some way However, within minutes of the revelation, we found that Cassidy was independent from Meso. Then she turned to the person who helped her get revenge and he fled in a way that reminded Jack Nicholson as a joker. <br /> <br /> From this point on, Cassidy's position will appear. But there was an abnormality that occurred while the character moved from one place to another One scene that we saw Cassidy standing at the table when the character came in the next scene, she had no place to meet. As he walked behind the table, we saw her at the end of the hallway. Then in another room grab the key. (Which Neil already has) then back again Not to mention that from one moment to another, Cassidy's mood seems to be complete 180 without a catalyst. One time, she wants to kill everyone. (Even though she only injured 90% of the characters) - The next person apologized to everyone and left the door to die again. Does it sound confusing? That is because it is It's messy, confused, I'm sure that the author can't figure out. <br /> <br /> For most performances, especially wood. Although some people are interesting But overall, this is not the part that will be known for acting. The story is the driving force behind this work.
