I hope the audience that respects 'Dream Machine' as one of the best Corey Haim and "The best movie of the century" was teasing the innuendo that was not detected in my part? I look forward to <br /> <br /> 'The Dream Machine' is the first time for a medium length person who will damage the rest of Corey Haim's career (except 'Prayer of the Rollerboys' Here, Haim plays Bernie, a college boy who has no idea who thinks that a chic car will attract the attention of the girl of his dreams. Fortunately for Bernie, a wealthy young woman who intends to return to her cheating husband, she quickly decides to give her a faithful piano tuner award - Bernie - with a gift that is Porsche Turbo that is flowing. The unknown and bad luck for Bernie is that her dead husband is killed and his body is hidden in the body. Now, in this film, it seems that the body will not deteriorate or have a lot of fear. In fact, the forgotten boy didn't know that there was something suspicious in progress, even though there were many strange events. Especially the gray-haired man around him, desperate to receive a part of the body that cannot be detected. <br /> <br /> This is a low-quality action). Did not give the audience an interesting thing for at least forty-five minutes, which the filmmaker took longer than enough to show the problem immediately (For example, Bernie was in possession) of cars and corpses and killers found that Porsche was hard to find) after that, and thanks to Haim's poor performances. (I love this child too But it was not an insult to accept the obvious time that he had acted badly and the sudden and emergency absence between Bernie Causing most of the events to be unreliable and resulting in incorrect results In order to increase the injury to insulting the soundtrack, it is ridiculous and sounding like the music you saw in Team America (see Editing 'Date'). What should Corey Haim fans be like Not disappointed to see many of their sons. However, others understand that Haim's career may be pitched when he is 14 or 15 years old and has never recovered. It may be expected that ordinary people will be audiences looking for the early 90's comedy to make time. Through
