So I rented from Netflix because someone gave me Roger Ebert's book "I hate hate hate this movie" and he gave a rare zero star rating in this book and said at the end of the review. Originally, "Mad Dog Time should be cut up to pick up the free ukulele for the poor", so I thought of Ebert, saying that I would see if it was as bad as he said. I know that most societies say don't listen to critics and judge for yourself. But I can't show that I hate this junk, as Ebert did and never did since Ebert's review of Rob North Reiner, which he said he hated this movie. Many times I have heard such ugly movie reviews. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster, which I don't think it would be scary if seeing Dreyfus as a gangster. If the screenplay is well written But above all, it's all scary about "movies". I can definitely tell you that the script is not well written. While the movie started with Jeff Goldblum, he said he enjoyed watching Dreyfus' fans while Dreyfus was at the criminal hospital. The movie began with a good conversation after Credit opening But after 4 or 5 minutes, the first 85 minutes, the other just consists of a dumb character, ridiculous junk for 30 seconds, then someone was shot. Then there are a lot of jokes about Dreyfus that are ill, haha. Not funny. If so, then we will get an unsightly and disgusting scene, a parody of Frank Sinat's "My Way". Sang by Gabriel Byrne for insulting Dreyfuss. Of course, because the screenplay was written at the level of the sixth conqueror, Dreyfuss shot Byrne more than five times, and Byrne would not die. Yo Am? Of course, I can tell you that I don't care or find funny. Not only am I disappointed in Dreyfus? (Which I admire as an actor) for production and starring in this rag But I was very disappointed in Jeff Goldblum because this was released in the same year The year and the end is one of the most successful movies in history. Does Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" will be a failure and then take the next chapter that offers him to make money if "Independence Day" is a blast? Oscar winner and film star who made two of the biggest stories in history, something that makes it fun from a distance about it. The opening sequence of "Mad Dog Time" says that the film is located on another planet. I just hope that I now lose 93 minutes to watch this trash that it will stay and open in the world cinema that it happens so that everyone on this planet will not waste from 93 minutes from me. I will never return. Ebert said that this movie should be cut out badly enough that I was afraid of copies of "Mad Dog Time". Every time there should be gasoline poured around and ignited. I have not yet reached the number one spot in the worst movie I have ever seen, because this movie won the worst movie ever.
