It was a disdain for Olivia D'Abo, who played the heroine of the Robin movie, for Keanu Reeves to appear in the film's art box. (And at least in the past reissues, only Reeves appeared on the box), considering that she was a star, I knew it was his name to sell After School Special that was long forgotten in the end But at least give credit to women. <br /> <br /> Although it must be the worst teenage movie I've ever seen and it tries hard to increase not only But every teen and sports movie that is famous during the war between Gymnasts who feud with adolescent love And in trying one to send himself as an amateur choice of Flashdance (with songs in one of the warehouse dance scenes, it is quite close to Michael Sembello's famous 'Maniac', which was made famous by Flashdance or the way It has a similar dance sequence, and even worse, even the 80s dance and the sport of repetitive dance between the heroine and her enemies. Making achievements and her talent on the team. We see this in Trashin '(slope competition) and Rad (BMX dancing at the dance, although it's not much for the competition. In fact, this movie is full of irrationality, such as the romance in the clothes at the Salvation Army and Robin and her friends from the team. <br /> <br /> However, this movie is about A girl from a poor background She had to stay with her seriously ill mother, her nasty sister and her careless stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not interesting, increasing the ability to play gymnastics. But there are many obstacles to joining the team (Including the nuisance of a haughty teammate, a spoof, and a trainer who finally suspects her ability) and of course we can't forget that she has an eye for a beautiful young girl who is dating With one nasty teammate or she doesn't have a stable boyfriend (although Keanu, when Tommy came in the picture). Is this child so pathetic? And it seems that there is one thing that is disorganized after another, ready to embarrass yourself in seeking long, repetitive and clichéd pain to prove her worth to everyone. <br /> <br /> But Even the important moments of cheesiness This movie is rarely said, because the film's biggest distraction is the horrific performance and dialogue. (I like the way the gym trainer appeared at the restaurant during the dance to scold the teammates). It makes the episode of 'Amazing Stories' look like Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> I imagine everyone can find. This movie can be viewed and it is probably the most popular today because of the nostalgia factor. So that you will be satisfied But it is an incredibly compelling drama. So Caveat Emptour
