After watching this movie, I was very frustrated with two stories about the movie: why did they make Chen's character "McGuyver hit-man" and Lee's character is an idiot? The background of Chen's character is that he was raised in an underground orphanage in Cambodia to fight the bloodthirsty that they learned to quarrel with death like a "dog". This forest is detailed. Pushed before, during which he entered the cabin and when he started driving, he showed that he was not familiar with the seat belt Shortly after this scene, he had a similar situation at Dim Sum restaurant. He was not only educated, he was starving. This is not a reference to Chen's infinite body, but for the first two scenes in the movie he cooks, one of which is boiled rice from the floor of the lower deck on the old boat. During the first ten minutes of the film, Si admits that Chen is malnourished, has not been adapted, and has only one thing that makes him "his dog" to fight some fighting style. Despite this situation, Chen was able to shoot every police officer. (Even though he managed to shoot a bullet out of a metal pipe to collide with a man in the head, which held Chen's hostage host) and had attained the strength of the human concrete block. As he was shot in the chest by the chief, said <br /> <br /> Now, Lee's character ... Okay, I understand. He feels depressed. He has a suitcase. But wow, what can he do? At one point, they tried to make him cool, calm and ready to take care of the business, and in the next second he had just beaten again. The first scene he ran into Chen and he would miss him from about 15 feet several times. At the end of the scene, Lee Du Chen as his best friend and his colleague were stabbed in the neck with a long knife. Slowly, full of 5 seconds while holding the gun to Chen's face, 10 feet. Even at the end of the movie, Lee was able to be stabbed to death and failed again. My biggest with this movie is Presented in such a way that the filmmakers are trying to get. The audience was sympathetic to Chen's character and he was just "Kill for survival" It will be much easier if I don't just watch Chen kill the innocent throughout the horrible movie. In many people he killed, there are only two people who intend to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Some people are just people who eat boat owners, taxi drivers and police trying to arrest him, not kill. Overall, Chen's character is a cold-blooded murderer who kills for what he wants, even if it's just free driving. (I'm talking about whether he carries hundreds of dollars in this movie?) My 3 stars go to an interesting director / camera job that has a beautiful picture. <br /> <br /> Below: One created for fans, Chen hugs the beans for me "Dog Bite this DVD"
