From the words of my "Kool-Aid drinker", I mean, they are fans who are dedicated to Pavarotti, who they didn't try to rate this movie. Wally Cox award for Mr. Universe or Elvis velvet painting in the Louvre !!! When this movie debuted, I remember the brutal criticism with topics such as "No Giorgio" and some people said that it was one of the worst movies ever made. This is definitely too true. While not as good and far from great art, there are many things that like movies and the biggest deficit of the film is not Pavarotti's performance or his circumference. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, that fault is on the shoulders of the sole writer. (Which I believe is a chimpanzee) It is difficult to see a movie that has a clichéd dialogue or a stupid scene, such as fighting food. But even though they are not the heart of the problem The problem is that the author intended the audience to be interested in "love" that consists of a middle-aged man with a married man and a hopeless woman. Perhaps European viewers may forgive this more But in the United States in 1982 or today, the love that looks bad and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "This is fun" Wow talks about the romantic conversation Boutique !! Sadly, if they just changed the script a bit and made Pavarotti a widower, or perhaps his wife would be like a wife from two classic Hollywood movies, like from all this and heaven too? appropriate You can forgive a husband who has a relationship or even kill her.) She is a mother who loves two children who wait patiently at home while her husband is humble, both left and right - because Pavarotti admits that there are many things. Before meeting Harrold <br /> <br /> Pavarotti's music could not record this movie. At the end of the movie, there is an amazing scene in New York, where the scene is great and wonderful from the singing of Pavarotti. For this reason, I think that at least this movie deserves 3. I want to like this movie more. But it's a really bad movie - even if it's not as rotten as you've heard. <br /> <br /> Sadly, from what I read, this movie may be the case of art imitating life due to Pavarotti's life Later, there is a resemblance to this film, although this is not a forum to talk about this thoroughly.
