I have never heard of this before until I read an article about it on an unknown movie website that made me curious. As an illustrator and illustrator, I admire the work of Richard Williams - I gave Ziggy's Gift score one of the best special Christmas ever, and although Who Frame Roger Rabbit stopped as one of my favorite movies My when i pass At the age of sixteen, I still consider the maximum number of work, care and attention to details that go into creating images - but it seems that this man has his mistakes, especially the habit of spending too much budget. set And this movie is a testament to the mistakes of people with extraordinary abilities like Williams in the right situation. <br /> <br /> Raggedy, Ann and Andy are strange candy that Try to be strange and Try and close the walls within the boundaries of children's cartoons. It tries to be a musical. It tries to be one thousand and other things as well - is it an anomaly? Is it incredible? Is it a consequence of the innocence of childhood imagination? - Until it finally collapsed under the weight of its unlimited ambitions and aspirations, it is the most beautiful animation, even though the attractive background may use a little more attention. But even though it doesn't count as much when you face the hallucinations of hallucinations that cause 'action' here. </ Br> <br /> There are many problems with movies. But we started with Raggedy Ann and Andy. They were celebrities in the show. But they have no personality In fact, we received a message that Andy was a heartless person ("I'm not a girl's toy," he cried) and Ann had a different perspective on things because the owner was a little girl named Mar. Her cellar is upside down. But that's all we can know about the characters that are boring because of the strangeness of this movie. Soon after, I used the word "strange" carefully because some strange movies were able to entertain immensely. But this is a strange matter. Toys and dolls in the playroom are cute and cute, but actually they are strange and disturbing. Two puppets that do and say everything to match are an excellent example of this. But still, they were quite normal compared to the pirate captain who constantly sneezed, where the tentacles began to rise and the groin became noticeably swollen when he saw the charming French doll. Yes, it should be a movie for children! Then there was music, there was nothing memorable and everything was sung by an actor who couldn't sing. And to increase the insult of injury, there were many songs in this film When Andy and Andy make it out of the playroom, the first thing they do is sing LONG numbers in the forest, how afraid they are, how they can each other and ... Yes, we get the message. This story seems to continue forever. But at least it brought normality to the movie But not so long because the camel with the wrinkled knees led us into a strange world where everything seems to be made of denim that is worn and fading and - bad enough that he is clearly paranoid schizophrenia. But this is nothing compared to the scene that follows Greed, life, breathing Spraying the fart, eating Toffee's continuous pool is very busy, creepy and disturbing. Eventually, you hardly believe what you see. This is close to a drug-free psychedelic experience. Then after the time l-o-n-g used for Greedy, Sir Sir Leonard Looney and King KooKoo, the psychopath came with the throne. I couldn't believe that I was writing a capsule of the real movie here - I just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that I wasn't blogging about the nightmares I received. Part of the sequence in Looney Land is similar to one of the old cartoons of Winsor McCay / Little Nemo, without a good reason unless someone feels that they do. All of this will be good if there is a touch or some reason behind it, but there are no strange and very long scenes. Surrealism can only be used when there is a strong idea behind or occurs in the appearance of reality. But nothing in these scenes points to what kind of reality Take this element away and you will be passionate about your innocence. <br /> <br /> When the final scene is resolved, the animation begins to look less impressive. (Pirate ships, ridiculous details of water In a way that shows some parts of the cels that were lost during production) Despite being only 86 minutes long, the movie still gives an endless feeling and is understandable why this film fell into the first part. Movie enthusiasts may scratch their heads and wonder how Williams managed to refine this story. But he did and no one can do anything
