SHALLOW GRAVE begins by paying tribute or cutting the shower scene in PSYCHO (I'm leaning for fraud). After that, it gets worse and surprisingly better until almost at the beginning. Bad performances and improper supervision are interesting little stories, but this film has already passed many stories in "Yankee came down to the south to kill the Redneck people" because it was filmed in the south. <br /> <The college girl group headed to Ft. Lauderdale for summer vacation and travel. Went to Georgia with a flat tire after leaving the main road (Note to the Yankees: Stay on the highway when you go to Florida) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) must pee so she heads to the forest. When she finally found a good point in her business, she saw the local sheriff (Tony March) strangling his mistress (Merry Rozelle) until his death. South is not because you may be a witness to the murder case. But you may run across the marijuana plant). This is where the story is not a movie that actually comes close to being good. <br /> <br /> While Tony March doesn't have to practice his Oscar speech, the sheriff His dean became the eerie fax of a normal person torn from what he did and what he had to do. Tom Law is a favorite as Vice Scott and is a subordinate to the South, as I have seen since Waltonk. (Steve Nauchach), in the house of 1,000 bodies Sue Ellen rushes into the barn to hide behind a hay bale and in a shockingly realistic time, the big snake is hiding in the hay with her. <br /> <br /> And in the scene Strange Sheriff Dean makes him like Will rape Patty (Carol Cadby) and tell her to take off her clothes Dean turned the radio up to drown out the sound of what he was about to do. Radio preachers need to go back and read their scriptures. His sermons about the evil ways were saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. I felt sorry for this flock of preachers. Jezebel was in the Old Testament a few thousand years before Jesus was born, and whether she was one of the five people you would meet in heaven.
