Once again, the most misunderstood goddess in my country was twisted by "Westerners" who could not understand the mysterious symbol of the goddess of darkness. Mom takes the form of a terrifying Kali Mata to destroy our inner demons and make our ego scary. And although the blood sacrifice will be given to Kali and Durga, the events that appear in this movie are nonsense Mom uses anger style to be angry with our inner demons. Limitations and ego when there is no other form will suffice. It is also in the form of her wrath that she burns all your Karmas fire in the "Smashan" fire that you instilled in your heart for her to dance if you love her and she will lead you to happiness. True and true The truth and truth have the same dark side as the light that serves the purpose. Mother is also the center of the physical universe. She is nature. Nature can be cruel and devastating to maintain balance. You cannot grow and live without death and destruction. Kali represents the destructive power for the purpose of growing and reincarnating both the world and spirit in the universe. It is very disgusting to me that people who do not know anything in India or gods can choose our beloved goddess and use her as a cheap prostitute to create a worthless horror movie. They dared to take our beloved mother and show her that it was a horror story that made people cut their eyelids! She is terrifying for those who are stuck with their ego and those who live in delusion, greed, anger and other internal demons. It is clear to me that those who write this movie must have an ego that makes He was deeply enraged and had a serious internal demons in order to see Kali as a terrible and terrible person. When the ego fell, she became a fascinating, beautiful and youthful form, a fascinating beauty that saw that she was fascinated throughout the universe. Kali Maa is an ancient mother who doesn't have to be joking for entertainment. Her mercy and infinite mercy that she was not in the form of anger to those involved in this film. <br /> <br /> The courage of the Westerners The use religion as my own or the religion of the Caribbean islands, such as the Santee area, and Vodafone, which is actually a very positive and the other religions that distort and misrepresent the misconception is that the West can not understand that. Totally ridiculous Obviously, there is no respect for what people live, breathe and believe in these flicks. <br /> <br /> Kali Maa, in fact, is a caring and compassionate mother who we shed. Tears for you Beautiful feet in loyalty and love And I am happy that sometimes my mother uses anger to protect the disciples from herself and from the outside forces. <br /> <br /> Many praise that Kali Maa, who shows the path Of God and Realization
