I watched this thing immediately after seeing the Canadian man HILLSIDE. So what will be improved? Moreover, it stopped me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 days later and its sequel. Unfortunately, the more I watched, the more I realized how good Danny Boyle's original was, and this film had an influence on 28 WEEKS LATER. <br /> <br /> One can't help observing that 28 Franchise Shire has dated the type of Italian horror movies I fully believe in ZOMBI 3 in 1980 or 1981 at the latest - in this case I will call my summary 28 years later (Geddit?) - but not until I come to this page to find out if it is open. In 1988, all production costs screamed that it was a low budget flick since the beginning of the decade. I might enjoy this movie as a fifteen-year-old school student in May. Fri 2525 as my co-worker, but now no <br /> <br /> most problems involve lack of internal continuity For example, some zombies alternate with snails, while others can run quickly and have self-awareness that leads to the ridiculous final scenes associated with DJs. Similarly, some people may be killed by kicking the face while others are still alive, even if they have their heads cut off. Wait until you see the refrigerator scene. You may just laugh. Even the serious character still experiences a sloppy script with the character revealing that he is a helicopter pilot, which asks me why the army hired him to drive a jeep for a career. <br /> <br /> See Obviously you 're thinking of the movie THE CRAZIES earlier, which reminds me of 28 movies later. The terrorist group invaded into a scientific base that led to all kinds of disasters by being a soldier, a bad person, trying to kill both the infected and the survivors, and before the end, you will find that everyone died. The problem with this is that you will be immediately warned that the British franchise is doing much better on a larger budget. Not only that But all 28 franchises will attract a thoughtful audience who may be interested in the average horror movie. ZOMBI 3 will not attract anyone except the splattering audience.
