In 1979, Lucio Fulci released his movie Zombi. However, due to the previous import of George Romero's Dawn of the Dead, which was later released in the Italian name, it was changed to Zombi 2 (which has a bonus for viewers to think that this is a sequel to The second movie, Romero, continues in this title. The second Zombi movie, which will be called Zombi 2, is called Zombi 3 in the UK. The original Zombi movie (ie Zombi 2) is called "Zombie Flesh Eaters" to carry. Continuing in this theme, the second Zombi movie (Zombi 3) ​​was nicknamed "Zombie Flesh Eaters 2" for screenings in the UK. (Are you following all this?) So if Zombie Flesh Eaters is Fulci's Dawn, what is the 2nd day of his death? While this is just an unclear observation But the story of the military helicopter and the narrative that is full of ideas is ambiguous. <br /> <br /> The direction of Europe, part of Falsi, is shown in movies like this. The scripting, refinement and expressions are extremely scary. Its ecological message is forced and exaggerated so much that it can no longer be used as a subtitle while respecting the hilarious birds. (Inadvertently) combining this last element with MOR 80 stone is not a good idea For some reason I can't stop thinking of Time of the Apes (q.v.) anytime I see this. Clearly, this is not a good thing. <br /> <br /> While there is nothing to fight with diving without anyone like zombies, sharks, wrestling, and broken eyes. But the female bias of the hotel cleaner Fulci crushed the mirror until the blood flowed. His cold blood looked at his hand. Both forms are combined when the woman's face is torn first by a zombie. Then the zombies in the womb tears from the belly of the pregnant woman. <br /> <br /> Production Wise Come five years later (Nine years in terms of global distribution) But without the humble charm of the manuscript it struggles, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and unanswered. Fabio Frizzi's score is one of the best things about The movie '79 Here, the zombie attacks are played in what seems like unbelievable, like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding Out For A Hero". In the middle of this murder, we get love. Significant interest and Kenny Rogers with two guys who do everything quickly and clearly demonstrated. ("We are out of ammunition." To the gun is excellent.) But it's still the zombie itself. The key is low or not. The original version of Fulse has a rotten and truly beautiful zombie. Face, skull, worm in the eye socket ... They are what they see. On the other hand, following this boring track, select the option "The traditional man with a little paint on the face" <br /> <br /> The key point is to tear off the Romero movie too much and look funny while using a DJ as an inexpensive device. Not having the same elements of evil and nudity for the first time at no cost. This is difficult to have the same ideology. <br /> <br /> It appears that Fulse walked away from the real project. After being reported to be directed for only fifteen minutes, the rest was filmed by Bruno Matteo. I'm pretty sure that even Fulse was still stunned by the scene. "Flying Zombie Head" that is laughing and gives credit to the director who has a good reason to leave. Unfortunately, it is his name that is above the movie title that is released, so most people are lost by the impression that this movie belongs to Fulchee. At that level, it was a major defeat for him. For this film, accept what you imagine that Fulso is considered the worst crime of all, that is boredom.
