Zombi 3 begins when a group of heavily armed people steal experimental chemicals that were developed to restore the dead while trying to escape from the people shot and the metal containers carrying the chemicals were drilled. The man received some green chemicals on the wound on his hand, which soon after turned him into a human flesh-eating zombie. Within a few hours, the surrounding area crawled with the flesh that watched the new victims. Kenny (Deran Sarafian) and his army friends found themselves having a big problem while they stopped helping Patricia (Beatrice Ring) and Lia Bergammi friends) who are pecked by zombies (!) General Morton is responsible for the situation and must stop the epidemic from zombies around the world! But will he and his people succeed? <br /> <br /> This Italian-produced film is directed by Lucio Fulci, the Italian film director who directed the film. But the story of him experiencing a stroke, Franco Gaudenzi, asked the second director, Bruno Mattei and writer Claudio Fragasso, to step in and fill the movie. Clearly, Mattei & Fragasso made more than done. They were not interested in many Fulci videos and added Zombi 3 to their own. Ended with a 50/50 split. The script by Fragasso was a complete mess. Nothing was good. As stupid as received The scene of zombies that attack people not only But technically useless But all the thoughts are ridiculous. Zombies don't have any stability. Look at the scenes where Patricia is on the bridge & the zombies are slow as they switch. But then looked at the previous scene that she was attacked by zombies with a machete because it ran around like being in steroids, then there was no reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the film This is done. Zombies also develop the ability to speak, which looks crazy. There are many things that are wrong with Zombi 3, behind the scenes that are deeply thought out and inappropriate actions, directing scary characters and really boring English conversations that are not reasonable half the time. Then there is an embarrassing scene in which the zombies head in the refrigerator develops the ability to fly through the air and bite someone's neck. The scene when a man in a white suit is contaminated at the end is about to kill Kenny & Roger but instead of using they Automatic rifles. They decided to try and kill them by hand. Although Kenny picked up the gun himself, they still refused to use their guns, and when Kenny started shooting them all, they still refused to. Use their guns The scene that had already been filmed had an end in Kenny's helicopter. But can't lay down on the ground for a few seconds to choose his friends, and then the zombies flock from the pile of grass. When did zombies hide from being alone under the haystack? All of this may sound 'fun' but believe that I am not. It is a terrible movie that is boring, repetitive and doesn't work at all levels of entertainment, except for unintended laughter. <br /> <br >> Difficult Will know who is responsible for certain things But no images were shot It has a lifeless feeling about it and for some reason the manufacturers tried to shower in every scene in the fog. The problem is that they clearly have a single fog machine & you can see that in one corner of screen It is coming out of the machine & thinner because it is spread all over the scene. Since there are many settings during the day, so don't add any atmosphere. & When they do right & the fog is spread all over the screen, it looks like they shoot the scene in the misty day! The direction is not good without stability & just look and feel the things on the bottom of the tank. Even the blood and blood were not much, with blood-filled hands at the beginning of the scene that had something torn from the belly of a pregnant woman. (What really took her legs out in the pool) Why did it not take the legs out of those who jumped in to help her?) & There are some zombies that look as scary as they get. For anyone who hopes to see a carnival like that, Fulci serves regularly in the late 70s and early 80s. It is very disappointing. There is no good food scene, no bowel, no striking 'head shots' and very little blood. <br /> <br /> Technically, this movie is not good, special effects, cheap, movies filmed, boring, bad music, location is not interesting. This is a picture taken in the Philippines to minimize costs. Obviously, the whole movie, dubbed, and the show still looks scary, although the English version seems to be written by someone who doesn't understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not the sequel of Fulci classic zombie gore fest Zombi 2 (1979) There's nothing to do with it, besides the cash name. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is a very unskilled movie. It's boring. No reason. It's not funny enough to entertain & it lacks good blood. One that should be avoided
