Where do I start? I want to enjoy this movie and I do Even though I want to enjoy it because it's a zombie movie, another story that is worth my money and it's not. This is a different enjoyment. This is the unhealthy happiness that I participate in watching one of the most ridiculous movies I've ever seen. And I do not care much about Fulz's excuses. There is no excuse for this movie. This is a bad movie all the way. But I still can't give it below 4 out of ten, which is what I give because at least ... At least I can laugh in a movie that is not suitable for this. <Br /> <br /> I have to Imagine these zombies that are above the ceiling of these buildings everywhere ... have to think that they are bored like hell, so they crawled on the origins and set on high. The solidification of the rocks or they see a live motley rock band that has a life of jerk-offs coming around. So they take it themselves to the stage of many air ambushes. Hell there is nothing else to do when you die. <br /> <br /> I have to laugh with some zombies that act like martial arts, swinging, kicking and jumping, and cheekbones like traditional meats. I celebrated my eyes on a floating head that never explained. I watched with truly grateful joy while they were in the Philippine land, covered with fog, dense fog, and the pond was like a castle, a castle that was boiling. I had to cringe when I saw that the design for the treatment of this epidemic was drafted on a blackboard, an octagon with lines that stretched from each corner, with "Dead One" written in the middle. I had to ask myself. .. If the science of treating zombies is so easy, can I wonder what will happen to the outbreak of zombies here? <br /> <br /> All in all the effects They look very scary. I'm sure the original character is poor. Nonsense. The zombies are inconsistent, even in a bad way. They are the same and the women are ugly. But I found myself enjoying this It's a fun clock. It turned out to be a terrible movie and I wouldn't recommend this unless there is a movie about taking advantage of a bad director. Still, I said ... It is worth it to laugh. I crave the zombie movie, no matter what happens. But when this thing got Fulchee's name stuck to it, it would have been much better. Let me dare say Zombie Holocaust better.
