I can't stay indifferent to Lars van Trier's film. I think 'breaking waves' is no less than a masterpiece. I love 'Dancer in the Night'. I admire the idea in 'Dogville', but the overall exercise makes I was too dry and the drama was less than the 'Europa' movie theater that I saw now is a famous movie that was successful in the United States in the success of European filmmakers. With the Oscars for the best foreign language movies But did not survive the time I thought It is a clear and exposing exercise for my taste. <br /> <br /> The story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the audience. The treatment of the period that occurred immediately after the Second World War was not in the black and white colors of the winners and vanquished of the executions and victims. But it was a rather vague time when the people of both sides fought for survival. The lives of nations and individuals forever remain the source of disputes, even today, even more novel and brave two decades ago. But it is a way of expressing that is not really suitable for work. <br /> <br /> The movie seems to have many words that are arranged in descending order directly from Hitchcock's movies, especially his first film. - European war with brave British spies fighting the evil German spies on the train across the high speed, dark continent. Trains are symbols of the world and conflict with their violence and plays. Here, the train became a symbol of the first spark of reincarnation of Germany after the war. Strength, passion, order and rules of punctuality and politeness. The characters that fill the train are far from being classic and good spy stories. The main character, an American-German young man who is about to enter the war after the European War, is willing to be a part of the rescue process and reconciliation, finds himself in a world of destruction and vague corruption. To their fate But rather willing to continue in the path of self-destructive love, contaminated with betrayal of suspicion. <br /> <br /> It is also a treat for classic movies that betrayed the director in the case. this The actions of the characters, especially of Leopold Kessler, played by Jean-Marc Barr, seem confused and lack credibility. The film does not look like Hitchcock, but comes from Hitchcock's bad imitation in the late 30s. The use of color and black and white films used during most of the time when the mood is intense is what is shown. See also, not that Van Trier didn't have much expertise in his art. But he showed himself too well, he seemed to try hard to show that he was a great filmmaker. He is a great person because he will perform in some of his later movies. But it will be left for the audience to decide for themselves
