... but I can expect better from Caroline Munro. She made a good movie and I hope it will be good too. Actually, she and other blonde girl characters (Women who are electrocuted, I think) are only 8-11 actors who can show. This movie has the worst performance I've ever seen. It's almost as bad as 'Psycho' (1998). The really stupid part is that when a woman is in the shower and Marty is crushed, pour the battery into it She started screaming and her screams should be the most annoying sound in the world. She tried to get away, but "accidentally" I came to recognize the seriousness and great stories along with songs of Harry Frediano it here. There are two other characters straightforward and Joe. I do not know anything about you But they are similar to the akyroyd territory as well The only response Frank and Joe barely show any fear or disgust. I don't know about you. But I know that if I see the skeletal skeleton of one of my best friends, I will puke. When Joe began to say something like "What happened to Marty is an accident. It's not our fault." But almost did not show any facial expressions. Then the blonde girl began to cry and said "I'm scared straightforward!" And she grabbed Joe. I guess the actress doesn't really know the ending of the movie is the most confusing thing I've ever seen. Confused over the peak of "Jaws: Revenge", eight friends died. Marty killed them all. But then you see something that looks like he was chased by their rotting corpses. Ending, Marty is dressed as a nurse trying to calm him. But then we see that Marty wears clothes or has something that the doctor kills the doctor and the movie ends with Marty's facial skin Which gave me the following question What the writer when he came with?!?!?!?! In fact, he expects people to understand what happened? The ending made me very confused. Is the character still alive? Marty still holding resentment? Did the event that we just saw happened? I don't know. Overall, this movie is rather stupid. The performance of the song is ok. The story is quite good. (Except for the end) This is just one of the average values ​​of teenagers See it for Harry, it Frediano here and Carroll <br /> <br /> PS Munro 2/10 - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after the film was released. Unintentional drug use I guess he is the only person who knows that this movie is what it really is. SH Division **
