This film opens with a retrospective of Doddsville County High School on April Fool's Day. A group of prank students in a fool-Marty class. When they were punished for playing pranks, they played with the great prank which (As in the course of the movie that involves pranks in the pranker class) goes ridiculously out of the fire. Marty is ready. Fast forward five years, we find the members of the students. Gathered at the abandoned high school now for their five-year class gathering We found that it was no coincidence that everyone in the group gathered as a prankster from the flashback scene because all participants were stalked and killed by murderers wearing mysterious masks, clowns in complexity and Mind numbing The fashion is ridiculous. No need to use Sherlock Holmes to unravel the identity of the murderer, since it is revealed that there is no one other than Marty who has a scar that seems to use his wrath and high intelligence in bending the laws of physics and engineering. Prepare the school for his revenge situation. This film leads to a strange moment when Marty finishes his revenge by torturing the former tortured person to be haunted by their ghosts. Eventually, Marty is pushed beyond the limits and takes his own life. Finally, this film exploded in a time of alienation when the entire revenge scene was revealed as a dream in the first place that Marty woke up in a hospital bed. And finally losing his own face. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a horror movie case. A single initiative comes from the intricate method that is mind-numbing that the victim is sent. Death is ridiculous. It's a dream. As if someone pointed out the disjointed nature of the movie and the writer decided and it was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, this movie is bad. Some filming scenes were so dark that I had to temporarily stop playing and playing with colors on my television. The performance was not even important in the slasher film. I couldn't help thinking that casting was part of the problem because all the actors looked at least five years older than the characters they performed, which made the scene backwards. The latter is more laughing unintentionally. Their lack of commitment in the film makes it clear that half of them can't disturb their accents through movies. <br /> <br /> All of this is said that if you like horror movies that don't. Well you may Like this It's not the worst movie of its kind. But it is still far from the best
