Tony Scott has never been a very good director. But all that he did after "Crimson Tide" seemed to make him approach the worst work today (Michael Bay may fall into the same category. But at least he was great, dumb, epic, psychedelic, entertaining in some traditional perversions) and like everyone else at Hollywood biopics ("de-cute" and "confession Of the dangerous mind Behind the juicy details, "domino" is a movie that starts with a small potential and a small dash before the sixty minute mark. With a projection time of up to 128 minutes, this film feels twice as long and takes time with this terrifying and unforgettable character (which is different from the "Great Law of Attraction"). Pratt tried to end The voice recognition of wealthy girls who only draw attention to the film's innocence of innocence) becomes the only act of the soloist who can find contentment. Domino Harvey that is broken from the dirty crust (Keira Knightley in the ersatz-badass show As shallow as her beautiful image) ill with a shallow lifestyle of the rich and famous people in Los Angeles Ramirez to learn more exciting trade On the way there are two crosses, shootouts, media attention. (Courtesy of the tongue in Christopher Walken's cheek, speaking the phone in his trademark sleazebag) and romantic laughing advice Scott cut the film together in parts, which lasted less than a few seconds, accelerated the resolution to make the film become a drenched neon nightmare, which was not so straightforward - if Scott had a chance to create a flicker. Or distort it in any way he will; But all these stylistic overload, quirky things, little plot, characters and movies are suspense (That won't say anything, it's ehm, "entertainment" values). Most of the characters come out as offensive or stereotypical, often both. (Not able to tolerate many minutes, as African-Americans suggest new species of species categorizations "Jerry Springer") and I think they will pick up the "little" tip of the coin. Our protagonist at the end of "Domino" is a waste of people without any matter what this Scott hopes. That would inspire his audience, it disappeared into a sea full of neon light from migraines
