I do not know whether this movie issue is a fault of Direction or Script. As you will see in many comments, editing is a way too. It is definitely a distracting and chemical-free thing which may be considered a good thing if you look at some words from the movie. I didn't write many reviews here. But felt that this movie was so bad that it was deserved This kind of movie eroded the creation of movies as an art form Such a film shows more clearly that the focus of current reality in the cinema is revealing the quality of the characters behind. People are practicing with the 5 senses and business feelings - seeing their own inner lives. However, I didn't blame them. It is an increasingly unfortunate condition in this era. - Passed the selection of this movie. But by empowering these manufacturers, I didn't dare to call an artist who had no inner life or thought about on-screen. Spread everyone. The story of a bounty hunter, a gun, a gun and a lot of guns. Sex that is heavy - for popular actress Oh. (Did they write a lap dance scene after they signed with her? Different linear transformations and also all the same Annoying melodious songs that will push your mood down. Stories? Character development? Or suppress missing information which is revealed at the end to create * * effects of the story - as if it happened There is nothing similar to the subtlety of the distance. It is a parody of the pattern and type. Where is the knowledge movie What about the subtlety of sounds and songs that you don't realize are there? What about the depth of look? What about corrections with points about the mind and consciousness? Yes, even in action movies, it can happen. Of course, they have practiced skill. But what does it use without spirit or wisdom? Of understanding the human condition? People who comment and say that this is the culmination of art or compare with Picasso and others - I said that placed next to Gandhi or godfather, even the original Star Wars ending. Then look at my face and speak again. It's a good crew. But they need in-depth help and stories I hope they get because I like the previous team. Good luck next time
