This is another name associated with an obscure Christmas, cheap Mexican production from Cardona, the filmmaker of the exploitation (NIGHT OF THE BLOODY APES [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]) which ?? Like many types of effort from this country? Was purchased for publication in the United States by K. Gordon Murray. Considering the two attempts already mentioned, Cardona has no vision? And this person who has received a share here and then is definitely not better! The movie, in fact, is quite a redolent of novelty, which strikes off-site Mexican horror from the era. But gives an additional dimension by using the power of flashy colors (Which, in view of the distinctive red color, apart from St. Nick himself The devil plays an important role in the entire trial of necessity.) However, in brief, the story involves Satan's efforts in meeting Santa Claus, Christmas Eve with the children of the world. Red, beard and cheerful are our habits in life in the heavenly palace, besides children, toys manufacturers from all over the world. His piano while they sing (Diligently for all first reel!) In their native language. Visit Merlin ?? The famous magician in the court of King Arthur here is dazed. But tend to jump and gibble like a child! ?? Every year to receive drugs that can cause drowsiness for children and make them invisible. (By the wizard's unusual appearance method, no less than being a magician of Dr. Frankenstein in the SON OF Dracula [1974] !!; By chance this time he always seems to be overweight, so Santa must exercise in order to fit each chimney chimney! The Devil's Comedy Show (Rubbing his hands together with enthusiasm every time and interrupting them) to organize St. Nick's delivery program. Then, completely innocent: indeed their shenanigans were similar to Laurel and Hardy. Than anything! We focus on three sets of children: one lonely son of a wealthy couple who does not want anything for Christmas more than their company (screened as a fantasy that fulfills the desire that the boy encounters parents wrapped in) a large package Special!) A young woman from a poor family who wishes to have her own doll. (The first man who has tempted him to steal one, then invades their little dreams and is not useful.) Whoever Satan thinks again But caused damage and eventually fell among them There is a fantasy of working here. But it is applied to the touch or a little reason, while how the overall youth helps to entertain (Unless one counts the film is a miserable pleasure) Good at bay!
