This santa movie started to be strange, and I think Santa might be a pedo. Instead of being a regular elves toy maker, this Santa appears to have kidnapped children from all over the world and made them sing like characters from "It's a Small World"! I guess there is no child labor law in the strange star plane that he lives in. (It looks like it's not the North Pole and not on Earth) !! None of these children who looked very happy and I wanted to see the commandos invade and save the lives of Tai people, even though I guess some of the children in the third world, these working conditions might be better in Do local activities I hope what they do is sing and make toys. <br /> <br /> Then the scene immediately turns into hell, where many demons dance about as if they were in the Busby Berkeley musical. Stopping by Satan, one of them is Pitch to go to the world to destroy Christmas !! Personally, I think this movie has been done! His demons and IMPACT are really cute - like interesting stories from Harvey cartoons. But with terrible evil! Or if you are a Puerto Rican, like a vejigante mask with a goatee! <br /> <br /> Mexican children with poverty problems, Lupita, a group of jerks that want to be Santa and some wealthy children are important battles for the devil and Santa !! If the Prince of Darkness (Not Donald Trump, it's the other dark prince) can make her steal and bad. He'll 'win' - what we don't really know! In fact, when they take root, you will receive the impression that the filmmakers intended for Santa to be Jesus because he had these great powers and fought the demons over the souls of children! Later, Santa met his friend Merlin. He asked him to make a special powder that made people dream of dreams. Consider how Santa laughed in the movie. (Like a chipmunk) I think he has to use this medicine a lot! He met a blacksmith, which gave him a magic key that immediately opened the door. Considering that he made his children a 'personal assistant', this wonderful thing made me very worried! During Santa's Christmas Eve ride, you will see that Lupita behaves like a little angel - one problem. Santa takes time to take care of the rich children whose parents are selfish. He gave them a crazy cocktail with a fantastic solution - two problems. This is a rare case where alcohol / drugs help children and solve problems! And for the little alchemist he gave them coal! Frustrated with losing to Santa, then tried to steal the level. When this fails, he will destroy Santa's magic powder! As a result, Santa could not become invisible to avoid dogs and be treated. Oh, oh ... How would Santa go around Betty Ford Clinic if he stuck the tree! St Nick will descend from the tree and take the monkey from his back or the devil will win or not. If you're interested in refining and viewing However, be careful that this movie is crazy! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, this movie is boring. While being in the color is really flashy Most songs are made in the organ, which, along with the bad singing from children, may cause the worst soundtrack I have ever heard in recent memories. And the story is incomprehensible and very scary. The demon and Santa that kidnapped children are just reptiles. It's a movie that you shouldn't show to children. But create great movies to watch with friends so you can laugh from beginning to end!
