"House Of Evil", also known as "Dance Of Death" in 1968, is the first film of the last four stories starring Boris Karloff, directed and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez, different from "The Snake Man" (1971 ), "Incredible Invasion" (also, 1971) and "Fear in the Room" (1972), which was released after Karloff's death in 1969. "House of Evil" was released in 1968, still Alive. "House Of Evil" has been praised by many people as being the worst of the four films, which no doubt will have. But wickedness But has entertainment value as an unintended comedian Personally, I like "The Fear Chamber" and "House Of Evil" more than the other two, just because of the reason that the slightest lack of logic is more intense and because there is no doubt in any movies. Unintentionally <br /> <br /> strange story (I don't know if I can call it 'plot') somewhere in Europe in the 19th century after the girls were killed and Find Their eyes were torn out Mathias Morteval (Karloff) organ players who are eager to invite relatives to rest a few of his men to a bizarre mansion, which is filled with strange toys. His relatives include Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged to one of the police inspectors who are investigating the murder. <br /> <br /> I will not give up more. But I can assure you that Wacky throughout the story There are some very funny moments, especially what Carlos said, Boris Karloff. No doubt, one of the wonderful and most important icons of the horror genre that has ever lived and he managed to make a reward. This strange movie with his greatness, and even if (or because) his role is (due to the bad script and directing) is not scary, he seems to play with humor likeJust like in the movie "Snake People" and "The Fear Chamber" of this movie, Julius C. brings the female role again Hilarious, scary movies and places and scenes that are under contempt The story lacks logic at the very least and the dialogue is often not reasonable. However, it is a bad story and dialogue that makes this movie look interesting. "House Of Evil" may be the extreme endeavor of the movie. But of course it's a joke. (Unintentionally) because it's not good. Fans of Edwood's movies are very funny. I find it funny. However crappy But certainly fun and pleasant, as Boris Karloff is in there and due to the fun factor 3/10
