The tragedy of the Titanic, which inspired many books and movies The struggle between nature and technology always attracts human imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic, written and directed by the famous action movie director James Cameron. The story of "Titanic" consists of two characters. (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (One is the artist, the other bum is the noble) and their love for social victory It happens. <br /> <br /> First of all, even if using the name in the past But this film is not important to history. The plot was built around two lovers wearing French diamonds and treasure hunters. The deaths of over a thousand people on the greatest luxury ship at that time became the backdrop. Many historical facts have been forgotten. Where are the radio operators ignoring the warnings of the iceberg? Why is there no mention of a boat that is only 5 miles away from the Titanic but does not help because the captain cannot identify the suffering signal? Ignoring these facts is an insult to tragedy. And what is the point of embracing this historical disaster with wonderful love. When this story is sad, <br /> <br /> The overall plan is quite shallow. As rich as greed and corruption, poverty equals compassion and courage It is very ridiculous to spend 200 million dollars to make a movie about destroying money. No human being appears in anti-hero. It seems that Billy Zane is playing as part of the devil. The selection is not good as well. If DiCaprio is shorter than the 2-inch Winslet, you can swear that she is a babysitter for him. The length of the movie was unnecessarily stretched for more than 3 hours. The first hour and half an hour wasted on creating a relationship between the characters that the audience had known each other long before they went to the theater and the dialogue that had been done made it worse Go down again Hearing the sound picked up, such as "I saw you" and "This is the side of the boat", causing more pain than the screams of drowning people. Moreover, the jokes are too much and lame. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" involves some moving scenes, such as when a musician is playing while the ship is sinking. The best thing about this movie is the special effects and that is the only thing that really deserves the prize. <br /> <br /> Although this movie lacks overall artistic value But the people could not resist the emotional story starring Romeo (DiCaprio) and therefore the movie was successful Now it's safe to say that the industry is less reluctant to invest a lot of money on a single movie, so it seems like "Titanic" has done something successfully.
