ELEPHANT WALK is a boring movie and I am very happy when the elephants eventually break into the mansion and finish this film. Considering the money and casting, you would expect that this movie will be much better, even though I asked Dana Andrews' strange performance as a lover of Elizabeth Elizabeth. It's not just the age difference. But I don't see a couple in pairs Perhaps this is the fault of replacing Miss Taylor for Vivian Leigh at the last minute. (Due to Miss Leigh's mental state deterioration) - even though I had a difficult time seeing Andrews and Leigh as well. In addition, for British women, Ms. Taylor didn't seem to try to use the accent. > <br /> The movie begins with the meeting Peter Finch and Taylor and is married in England. They plan to return to Finch's tea plantation in Sri Lanka (Sri Lanka) and at first it seems like a good life. However, there are no women to talk to and the staff in the household seem to be displeased with her. Moreover, when returning home, Finch had a formidable behavior. The neighbor Andrew can see this, and he announces that he has an unshakable love for her. However, Taylor is not ready to abandon her marriage. But during the film Finch's practice with Liz more and more, and finally she is ready to leave ... When the sky is gone, cholera hits the garden. So it is up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - even though I am not really interested in the moment because there is no combination between the characters. The dialogue is quite boring and you don't understand. Why does Taylor leave her mongoose husband within a few days before arriving in an unfavorable hell? <br /> <br /> This film is not particularly engaging or persuasive and despite Proper budget by Paramount, I was particularly surprised that although the film was filmed in many locations, the scenes were clearly filmed in the studio with rear projection (and small pieces) that were not. Work together For example, in the same scene, Taylor Finch and the lot sit on the veranda and fresh green grass. Then, when the pictures were cut to the people dancing in front of the brown grass! Obviously they were not in Lanka in this scene or the scene with a giant reclining Buddha. My advice is to skip one or at least keep this coffee pot nearby for you to wake up. Even with a budget But it is not a good or excellent movie. <br /> <br /> However, Taylor can conceive during the part of this movie in some scenes (especially in the beginning). She wears clothes that are The waves have a double chin and look swollen. This is not a comment - after all, women are pregnant! But if you look carefully, you'll see what I mean. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the basic plot in many ways is similar to GIANT - a really great Taylor movie! It's amazing that the selection and the right direction can do a lot.
