There is a quirky flair. Surreal butterfly wings. Anyone can ask what these words best describe and some people. (Those in the field of the international film community) may say that Happenstance is fast, but others may jump on American trains and shout butterfly effects. Surprisingly, I will be one of the screams of the Sci-Fi Kutcher movie, mostly because without those words that I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph correctly demonstrates the Tautou feature that I see for sure. We all love her in Amelie and think that she is the daughter of Jesus in the Da Vinci Code. But in this film, the first director (At least one story) Laurent Firode didn't give Tautou the opportunity to shine. Sadly, he didn't have the chance to show himself because he was neatly caught in the time of "random chance" to bring this movie to nothing. Can But only Shimmer Firode has plenty, and I use the word "sufficiency" as a small word. Throughout this film, he can create a strange story for us, a truly strange fairy tale of love and coincidence But instead of facing the mud first - the chaos of chaos that dominates us with inconsistent characters and stories that make us gape in the face. <br /> <br /> Tautou's beautiful face adorns the cover. Of this box Suppose that this would be a great journey to the French film Tautou Tautou in this movie. Do not understand me wrong. But who would argue that she is not the center of the story? Firode's duty is to create a random activity that ultimately leads to a friendly audience. (Although confusing) The ending, which is an example of the meaning of "sedition". He is completely failing. Firode failed. For us, the audience had too many characters. With too many characters, he gives too much random intervention, and at the end you don't care who, who, what or what or how. Your main focus is at the center of the end credits and the destination when they arrive. Tautou can help this movie from the disaster if only Firode will give her to the center. Alas, he can't. But trying to force the group 12 through hole movie theory about the size of money It doesn't work and we are letting go that we are completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode failed because he focused on that little detail for one of the rare movies. They actually forgot the central importance. I can say that there is no central focus given to Happenstance. At first he tried to create it with our two main characters who discovered that they had the same birthday and their destiny. He promised to love in the moonlight. But we never go back and look at it throughout the story But it turns out that we are attacked by new characters, boring scenes and meaningless floats that choose to take us away from real stories and many more in a world full of "ifs, ands and buts" I do. No, I don't want to believe in this movie. The writer Firode (yes, the same person as this junk director) uses the original technique in this movie that I feel like ending immediately. He had to assume that many of us couldn't really follow him (or scientific evidence) because he grabbed the help of the homeless to fill in that gap. I don't want this and I don't think Firode needs to underestimate his audience on this issue. While there are other elements that seem to be ineffective for me (Again, feeling like a collage of tear pieces of Paris) This is the icing on the cake. I don't want my hand holding through the film. <br /> <br /> I'll give this star to credit. This is a type that is quite difficult to achieve. Time travel movies are particularly difficult because there are many possibilities that have never been expected before, but for Happenstance it works because Firode explores different paths. While I responded by saying that he couldn't do well But it was done for enjoyment for at least five full minutes. I like Firode heading to this movie. He has a story that is truly created. But the last executions just made the film ripped to shreds. Firode was able to record this film if he would strengthen his character while making his story and story light up. I think my overall mood of this movie will change if there are only two simple directions. Oh, I just wish I could travel back to the production of this film to show the mistakes in his way. Firode <br /> <br /> Overall for the first time (And probably the last time) This is Tautou, the movie that I have to say that made me most disappointed. From an indifferent fast opening to the end, I just felt that Happenstance failed because of Firode's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something I didn't mention before. But why would anyone buy this movie because he thought it was Amelie 2 (according to the title published in Hong Kong) and why did you put Tautou on the cover knowing that she was good? Not holding this movie I believe that from the first minute sent through my DVD player, this movie is a matter of debate. While I would applaud his story, everything was lower than the ordinary level. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. <br /> <br /> Grade: * from *****
