I am a big fan of cinemas seeking serious interests that will never attack violent or disturbing movies. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" as a masterpiece and will protect the controversial films such as "Day Of The Woman" or "Last House on the Left "is a genuine classic Everyone who reads the opinions of other users will notice that I am actually a very violent person. However, I think at least something should point to violence. This shit doesn't have any points. The first movie in the famous "Guinea Pig" series "The Devil's Experiment" (1985) is widely debated. But compared to many controversial movies I must say that before watching any Guniea-Pig movie, I felt that I would hate this movie by knowing what it was about. However, since the status is one of the most controversial films, I decided to watch. I am very glad that I didn't lose money with the garbage dump and I hope I won't waste time on this matter. <br /> <br /> The story of this story. (I don't even want to call it 'film'): It doesn't have any. Three Scumbags torture a woman to death, suffering some 40 minutes. That's it. There's no artistic value. There is no 'shocking' story. No suspense. What is just an unbelief that the movie shows that there is nothing except a woman who has been tortured for no reason, is happy with so many followings. It bothered me for it. Of course, it interferes with watching the torture video for 40 minutes. However, the more disturbing thing is the fact that many people seem to think that this garbage dump is a masterpiece. I can't think of why The fact that the effect looks realistic is unlikely to be a reason. The young woman who plays as a victim is not a very good actor and shows a calm attitude towards all torture. That makes the movie look less realistic, in which case it is good. This is a nasty movie. Not for its blood But for redundancy it exists for the same purpose of torture for 40 minutes. <br /> <br /> I strongly disagree with all forms of censorship. Since this is 100% counterfeit and no one is injured during production, it is legal to create a movie like this. However, I cannot think of one reason why everyone wants this, in addition to the desire to see suffering and enjoyment from torture. The sequel of the movie "Flowers of Flesh and Blood" gained a negative reputation when the actor Charlie Sheen mistook a real snuff film and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the film became a fake. Overall, "The Devil's Experiment" is a fake / torture movie that seems to have the sole purpose of watching as close to the real scent as possible. <br /> <br /> "The Devil's Experiment" is one of the worst movies I have ever had with the misfortune of sitting through. Don't torture yourself by trying this shit to see the controversial status. Do yourself a favor and avoid the star center from 10. I hope to have a negative size to properly rate this shit.
