When I read the conclusion of this movie, what happens when a man receives the power of God and the way he learns later that having supernatural power requires great responsibility and power? But I think it's a smart and original concept. Cast also has a tendency as well. How does Carrie Freeman Aniston ... movies that have good ideas and good actors? Not to mention the cost of filming. It can be that idea well. But the script and the story are terrible. Bruce Nolan is an honest, cute journalist and has a lot of stories. (Such as the story of a giant cookie, terrible things and the Niagara report that is completely failed!) He is a complete work DESERVES (he's not a good journalist, he's a comedian). Good sweet sugar fans and OH HORROR !!!! Dogs that are not trained at home !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce at the beginning of the movie begins talking about GOd in "God, why do you hate me!" As the average audience must think: "Why does Bruce have something wrong with your life?" Bruce is not, and not a person with real problems in life Most of the problems that happened to him were small and not worth all that he did and some were just the result of his stupidity. Most people have a very big problem. Attention, most people are worth more than the interest that Bruce, which looks too humanly, doesn't look like real, funny and too nervous. But why is God still with him? Although Morgan Freeman looks good as God But I couldn't help but asking what he did in this particular movie. And what did Bruce do when God gave him power? God in this movie can easily give power to 5 year olds and almost no difference. Not waiting for a wise child to use the power of God better Make everything real !!!! No more, Bruce please! What Bruce can actually do may end the world. But in this film did not happen because this is "Good, little movie family" and without any reason at all !!! Not a hint of satire, true humor, witty, dirty humor, at least !!! There is nothing like a silly carrie that starts to look pathetic for middle-aged actors. Aniston here is understated. She plays Bruce's girlfriend, Grace, who has not yet been developed and is still completely remembered in this film. No one in the right mind will believe that both of these have any chemical properties between them. When Grace said that the prayer for Bruce sounded not only But is weak and pathetic But still is completely false These two were not intended to be together. I will give you three stars But I wonder if the movie should get one Bad script, weak dialogue, lack of real humor, any witty and complexity, including characters that have not been developed and the roles of Freeman and Aniston, which are rarely mentioned, lack of courage and satirical But agreed to have a funny time for a few minutes and Freeman was good to see in every movie, so let it be three stars
