I dug it out and watched it tonight. I honestly thought that it took 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember that it was a seriously defective movie. I don't remember how bad it was !!!!! <br /> <br /> I was really disappointed that this potential project should have been horribly abused. Who am I punishing this story? 2 men who write (and I use that word loosely) script? The director of the actors who have acted in a strange manner, at least 3 main characters in the story? (There are only 2 people in the "5 Amazing People" group). The director who seriously refuses and gives control of music that is more terrifying than bad writing and bad performances everywhere? (I like the theme song - but it shouldn't be used throughout the story!) Don Black, who is famous for the lyrics he wrote that song <br /> <br /> <br /> Is the number that I should pull out less than a week after reading the comic book adaptation again. The first 15-20 minutes of this film more or less (Really less) parallel to the first issue of the cartoon When I watched it tonight I still wondered - why almost every detail changed? The doctor appears, then uses a wristwatch - remote control to open the safe and his gunshot is lost 5 inches because the mirror is refracted, the only thing remaining. I mean, if you do "adjustment", why in the name of God changed everything ??? <br /> <br /> When they leave the doctor's HQ, there's actually nothing like in the cartoon (which gave Roy Thomas, I think it should be based on the book.) I read some of them, including the elements of two different novels in one movie again - why I heard that it changed because they could not guarantee the budget required. These were I looked at the movie and thought ... the lack of money in a way that didn't explain what I saw on the screen !! <br /> <br /> Do you know that when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they Should look at this thing, the best thing I can say is that I think it will double the features of Batman in 1966 - and maybe a three-fold bill that is great for it. All 3 films are "stupid". Maybe we may "Blame" the 1966 movie (and TV drama) for this story. Some fans complained for years that Adam West's Batman destroyed the image of a comic book in the minds of non-cartoon fans for many generations. person I think it's the same with Hollywood. I thought about how many years of BAD movies were made from real "classic" characters, especially (for me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon , The Lone Ranger - All "Killed" by the Hollywood genre that thinks "Oh, comic books! So you know it's supposed to be stupid! "Like they are" stupid "rather than a pity Great When I read DOC SAVAGE, I didn't think of James Bama's drawings. I thought Ely Bill Lucking (who later became a regular in THE A-TEAM) was great. Eldon Quick (someone I've seen elsewhere Paul Gleason - the person I hate deeply with the passion and vengeance in THE BREAKFAST CLUB ("Teacher" as he should be banned from teaching anywhere) Probably the best of "Amazing 5" in the movie Pamela Hensley - although her parts are almost unrecognizable from the original story - it's great. Before she dropped her hair, I realized that she looked a lot like "Ardala Valmar" from the horrible John Calkins. BUCK ROGERS I just read the previous day. She has a big nose like Arda. In fact, Ardala looks like the movie Princess Aura or Cher, or maybe Streisand takes time to choose (Ardala received plastic surgery in George Tuska - after that, she's so beautiful!) Paul Wex <br /> <br /> Funny enough, I saw last week when GET SMART. I wonder if he is like the character he should play? I do not know because the character is sure that it is not in this movie.
