There is nothing amazing about 'The Amazing Mr Williams'. Part of the problem with this film is Melvin Douglas's lead actor. He is a lousy and lazy actor too. For most of his career, he allowed to look good, have a tempting look and (usually, but not in this film). Some chapters write good scripts to compensate for his lack of acting ability. I don't like Douglas as an actor before I know anything about him as an individual. I learned enough about him to know that I also disgusted his politics. I will give credit to Melvyn Douglas. For one thing: his chromosome creates an incredibly talented and sexy actress Illeana Douglas. <br /> <br /> Melvyn Douglas makes this film after 'Ninotchka' that is wonderful. ... talk about coming down! 'The Amazing Mr Williams' is accused of being a joke. But i never laughed Douglas plays a part-time detective in the murder of Kenny Williams. I never heard the police, the detective named Kenny. But if they call him Kenneth Williams ... Okay, that's what to do next. The whole city was in fear because the serial killer was about to kill a woman. There is no motivation for this. He just likes to kill women. The mayor (Jonathan Hale is better than usual) calls Williams on the carpet to determine if he has failed to catch the murderer. <br /> <br /> Approval of Joan Blondell spoiler The rude, not flattering and unattractive role of the mayor's secretary (She's not well-written enough to print a lot less letters.) Blondell and Douglas argue like cats and dogs, so it's clear that they will be blatantly together. <br /> <br /> At that point The lowest of this movie Melvyn Douglas decided to pull the killer out by dressing up as a woman. You don't want to see Melvyn Douglas in drag! He had a height of six feet and he didn't shave that annoying shave. William Powell, who was likewise - an actor who resembles Melvin Douglas (But more capable) when Powell disguised as a woman in 'Love Crazy', he was honest in shaving: truly sacrificed while Powell wanted it to grow again for the next role. his But Melvin Douglas didn't do anything with his role in the film, not even a razor. He plays his drag scene with an annoying smile, the same way he used throughout his career. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, 'The Amazing Mr Williams' has many excellent players. That made Hollywood '30s very delightful. Edward Brophy was brilliant and watched as a criminal who was incredibly punished throughout his life. Donald McBride, an incomplete patient, is a police officer who is mistaken for a murderer and is almost lynched by a group of people. Ruth Donnelly is great: as usual for her. But here she has the opportunity to show her talents from her regular orbit on the background of Warner Brothers, Jimmy Conlin, Louise Alberni and Dave Willock. In a small role, Barbara Pepper (Which I usually do not like) is good here as well. Maude Eburne that is undesirable, unadjusted, gets the screen time. I always hate you, and you give the same performance in every movie ... but some viewers enjoy Eburne's musical performances because of reasons I can't understand. <br /> <br /> If You are familiar With Hollywood actor actors in the 1930s and the role that they are likely to play. The only performer of IMDb will tell you who is the murderer. That's the problem of 'The Amazing Mr Wiliams': everything is too clear. I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10
