Even if you are a big fan of Sandler, please don't pay attention to this funny movie that is disappointing! I bought this movie for $ 7.99. Suppose it had to be at least halfway right because my man was there and because I think some women are naked (judging by R-rating and scantily clad women). There are women scantily clad But no one is naked I'm not sure which is the point of Sandler's career. But I guess it will be before his SNL day. I can go wrong. This is like watching a movie in his house. He might look back at this wonderful movie and remind him of a good era ... but we (the audience) were left to dry. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler talked with the camera very much and admitted that in the movie "No budget" (correct, not a movie with limited budget or a budget-free movie) So our work is quite laughing with quirky characters. There is no stable plot. It's like a comedy that extends - but it's a rough and bad writing. The man who played the comedian was completely disgusting and it was unbelievable when he first received a large audience. And Sandler discovered his cartoon inspiration by saying the classic Henny Youngman line that "Take my wife, please." And the audience is on the floor. I won't try TRY to create any logic. Here, of course, Sandler's latest and latest movie is not known because it has a lot of meaning. Penguins in "Billy Madison" dwarfs in "Happy Place" Happy Gilmore "but it's a funny movie. This is an unskilled job, and even if you want to know about Adam's first movie, you're still not interested. You should check his starting point in SNL or maybe watch his role in "Mixed Nuts". Of course, Sandman is not the only actor lost in this worthless vehicle. Billy Bob Thor Nornton also appeared briefly as well. Billy Zen ("Titanic") plays a supporting role and Burt Young's best movie (from the movie "Rocky") plays an important role. br /> This comedy movie should be kept in the rental 99 99 per cent. The location of the video store in your area - and correct. <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (full 10)
