In Hazzard County, Georgia, cousin Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and cousin Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) use the moonlight made by their uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson). Their problems with the boss started just because they knew that he planned to release the mines in the city in order to find the precious minerals below. <br /> <br /> I never saw TV programs and After watching my movie Will not start soon. I like stupid comedians. But this person didn't laugh a lot It was a boring picture when the first hour was hard to watch. The second part is a little better. But this movie is still an opportunity to miss. The movie focuses on Boca and Luke too. The characters are generally not very interesting. The actors show that they are not working well. <br /> <br /> The performance is not good. I didn't expect it to be good at first. But there is no one who is very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville are both below average. This background is quite good as Stifler, but he tries too hard here. The latter seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else. Jessica Simpson didn't know her performance and she didn't know her singing. She is famous for having her own reality show and speaking silly things. She's beautiful, but she's a weak actor. It doesn't matter because she doesn't really appear in the movie and the character she plays is not complicated or anything. Willie Nelson also has a secondary role and he doesn't do anything special. <br /> <br /> The screenplay written by John O'Brien and he created two movies before Dukes of Hazzard. The first one is Cradle to the Grave, which is OK. The second one is Starsky and Hutch, which is quite funny. He didn't do a good job here even though the story was a mess. He also forgot to add jokes and other things that made the film better. This movie is quite long for funny, okay, 106 minutes is not absolutely long. But it feels a little longer than that, because there is very little humor in the first hour I think comedies should be kept in the short term. Otherwise, they have to find a lot of material to cover all the work hours. The Dukes of Hazzard just has enough jokes to make it pass for thirty minutes. Alone 106 minutes, the order of cars is moderate and they do not record movies that have problems. At the end, Dukes of Hazzard may attract a few people. But most people may find it boring and better if you just skip it. Score 4/10.
