Modifying movies from old TV shows seems to be the norm in Hollywood today. But this is not polite. Humor in the bathroom, kissing your mother with a foul mouth, tearing off the middle finger that is obvious to all Dukes fans of Hazzard, both north and south of Mason-Dixon Line. Bo and Luke Duke make the moonlight running towards Uncle Jesse. (No light shines on the list because it will cause the boy to return to jail is a violation of parole) to close the smoking order of Uncle Jesse and the Weed Governor of Georgia. There were before him.) This disappointing movie is a matter of insult. I can't tell you how many parents saw that got up and brought their children out of the theater within the first 15 minutes of the movie when they knew they were horribly deceived. The traditional duke of Hazzard is a family show with basic moral values. Hazzard's original dukes are safe children. Hemi has the power to show fun that parents don't have to worry about teaching their children. The seven words of George Carlin, I have read reviews that indicate that acting and movies are not about Racist Those commitments may be correct about movies. Those actions are absolutely wrong about the performance. Performances, if there is anything about how to get and be friends with everyone In the end, Hollywood came out to reveal about the disdain for us, the Yankees, the rebels, or others who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and doing the right thing, even if it's not something. Popular Finally, Hollywood presented their belief that we in the center of the city were foolish, uneducated, beating beer, stinking mouths to buy any junk they were willing to sell. Hollywood Elitist says they are wrong. Don't go to watch this movie. Boycott supporters, fill out Warner Bros. emails and snails, with complaints that we don't see the value that they destroy the greatest T.V show of all time Save your money and buy DVDs of original items. But no matter what you do ?? Don't go to watch this movie.
