Sometimes in 1998, Saban received the right to produce the latest live action series from Ninja Turtles. By nature, being a fan of TMNT back today is clearly an interesting peak. So when I started watching the program ... to say that I was disappointed by the result I was saying little. After a moment (Like recently) I have been given the opportunity to come back to see the series again. <br /> <br /> First, let's talk about good things. They were able to create a turtle's hideout again, as they saw the last time in the movie quite well due to the limited budget they threw. Tend to be a darker atmosphere overall in terms of dresses and what And the turtle set while the puppet parts and anything that is not usable are good and durable for most actions that will follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to Complain about removal Fast document shredder and replace him with the original villain that can be easily used to perform power rangers But you can let the document destroyer win many times before it gets boring and destroys his value as a villain ... and besides, most fans don't realize or can't remember or just ignore the fact that That in the original cartoon The shredder is destroyed in the first issue! Never mind the countless resurrection that will follow. So in my personal view, I'm glad that they got rid of the Shredder because of the expectation to build to the point that they will eventually bring him back later. I found that a small amount of document shredder works best because his encounter with the turtle is more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they ended up replacing him with the original villain as mentioned. Power Rangers show more than ninja turtles. And with the generals wielding these new magic, came to the turtle, wielding a new magical weapon, Venus De Milo, the infamous I will be honest I never felt comfortable with her. I did not resist the idea of ​​female Tao; I just disagree with the idea of ​​those who use magic and make it look like a painful image among ninja turtles that don't seem to be in their domain. I almost got the impression that this could be a program that Venus De Milo easily dealt with her confident enemy and TMNT was there to deliver the power of the stars. (Or whatever is left in the time frame released) Fortunately, they all have a spotlight together. <br /> <br /> The next mutation was canned after the top season. The weather and the creators are more than happy to ignore. Scheduled and may be another season, I really believe that this live TMNT reproduction may be something and may get a great opportunity. But while the idea was sound, the execution was flawed. (Although there are two good episodes in this series) Next Mutation is one of the strangest things in the turtle that has been left and forgotten.
