Dr. Hagenstein began at the turn of the last century, '1909, the dawn of modern medical science.' Certainly Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) was in the beginning of creating a living tissue experiment. Dr. Hackenstein was able to bring the skin of the skin to life again, confirming that he had succeeded in bringing the dead back to life ... Now 'three years later' and Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is around the house of the doctor for Dinner when Dean Slesinger & Dr. Hackenstein ate. They talked about Hackenstien's experiment, which Dean Slesinger was always opposed. Dr. Hackenstein showed Dean Slesinger's lab in his attic that led Sheed (Sylvia Lee Baker). His wife died in an unfortunate 'accident' and was able to talk to him on the phone. (Christy Botkin's voice clearly shows Sheila) Dr. Hagensstein also shows Dean Slesinger, a small chicken that runs in the cage and explains that by the process he Develop him to make Sheila come to life again Dean has a seizure and is dead At the same time, Wendy's sister (Bambi Darro as Dyanne DiRossario) & Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) and Alex's brother (John Alexis) and their relatives Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) arrive at the door of Hackenstein's hotel. Dr. Hagenstein invites all four travelers to stay overnight. Dr. Hagensstein visited by two robbers, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey), the man who sent the corpse when Hackenstein needed a female piece for Sheila. Decided not to lose the opportunity to have three beautiful examples and began to 'borrow' the bits 'n' parts that he needed to make Sheila successful. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Richard Clark I was surprised with Dr. Hankenstein, I will say now that it is not great from a long stretch of imagination. But for what I like It moves with a reasonable rhythm, although it tends to drag a little during the middle when things are calm. The script tries to blend humor, slap like the scene when Dr. Hackenstein tries to control Melanie and she tries to get attention from his deaf maid, Yolanda Simpson. (Catherine Kahn) by kicking back With what happens with the touch of blood But I will say that Dr. Hackenstein is a joke over horror in thoughts and feelings throughout. There is something that has no taste and sexual innuendo as well, which is good for laughing. Hackenstein to Wendy "You want to see my tools" as an example. I still think the scene when Mrs Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reports that her missing daughter to the detective Olin (William Schreiner) is a rather amusing scene when he Talking about why he didn't look for them Was told why the cell had no prisoners in it & if he didn't find his cousin, don't worry about it There is no loud laugh but I have to admit that I found myself smiling on occasion. And found that this movie was quietly fun. There were not many movies on the screen. The limbs that were cut a few heads of the head. Hunters who were executed, sewn, medical parts, and animals with skin that are certainly fake I like the characters in Dr. Hankenstein as well, which surprised himself The show wasn't great. But to give credit to everyone, they use a lot of effort, lots of exaggerated face movements and a lot of exaggerated acting means it's not boring. Oh and three birds in Dr. Technically, this movie is ok as well. Again, it won't get an Oscar. But I have to give credit to at least the film's creators to try to draw the time of the century. It doesn't always work. Clothes are conflicting. Sometimes girls seem to come from England's Victoria while they look like from the west. The house looks as if every filmmaker has done that. Take modern objects out of the room & stick a few candles in there! It's a little past in terms of cheap price. But actually it's not bad when considering Can do without funny music though Overall, I enjoyed Dr. Hankenstein more than I think I can do, even if it's not a suggestion. Of course, it's not the best horror movie ever created, and it's not the worst. Fun that is not dangerous enough to be able to see.
