Haunting if you see the original, you know the perfect ghost. It's perfect on film. It is a haunt of the 4 people who enter the haunted house and with simple tips of sound and movement it makes people scared. It's still in effect today if you like movies, so when The Haunting is rebuilt in 1999, many people react like "What? But in my opinion, if the new creation has enough respect and just want to create a story for the new generation, I'm cool. This is certainly not the case. This is just a shame that is boring, impolite to waste your time, and I guarantee that will not scare you? pfft! PG-13 What are they thinking? <br /> <br /> When her mother died and her sister drove her, Nell received a phone call telling her about an advertisement for the study of insomnia performed by Doctor David Marrow at Hill House, a quiet mansion Upon arriving, Nell met Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange couple who didn't live in a dark place. Shortly thereafter, two other study participants arrived at Theo Forest and Luke Sanderson along with the bone marrow doctor. The real purpose of the marrow doctor is unknown to participants to study the psychological response to fear. Every night, the Hill House gatehouse guard prevents anyone from entering or exiting until the morning when the caregiver opens the lock. There are no phones available in the Hill House and the nearest town is several miles away. The marrow doctor choked the story of Baan Hill. The house was built by Hugh Keren Crane, built a house for his wife, hoping to fill up with a large family full of children, but all of Crane's children died during birth. Crain's wife committed suicide before The house is finished and the crane becomes a recluse. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena in the house, including strange noises and inexplicable temperature changes. Facing the Great Hall, Nell Nell is confronted with the word "Welcome home, Eleanor" and became a great hope of traveling to prove that the spirit haunted house of the victims of the cruelty of the crane. She knew that Cranmer had created a fortune by taking advantage of the kidnapped children to use slave labor and killing them when they didn't take advantage of him anymore. He then burned the corpse in the house's fireplace to hide any evidence. She also knew that Cranmer had a second wife named Carolyn, which Nell descended. Everyone thinks she's crazy while Nell is convinced that this is where she is. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie. It's really stupid and ridiculous. Not to mention the actor who plays Nelly, Lily Taylor completely disturbed her performance. She's everything about her. Don't let me start with what I want to do to not see her in the movie. Again Catherine Zeta-Jones did not suit her role as well, and Liam Neeson, the great actor, lost his ability again. The effect is superior and using the computer too much. I just don't want to believe that they will throw away the great classics with cruelty. Believe me, if you are afraid of something, be afraid to see that you can change a wonderful ghost story into an annoying foolish thing? Oh, this movie hurts me, just don't see it. It's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
