For everyone who has seen and fell in love with the drama "A CHORUS LINE", this movie is offensive. But also adding a plot of unnecessary twists and turns with a new dance design designed and tried. Richard Attenborough doesn't know how to shoot dancers. <br /> <br /> On stage A / Michael Bennett's CHORUS LINE is just that: Michael Bennett, his thoughts, choreography, his direction, gifts from Broadway and other parts of the world. It's two hours to hit the realism in front of you at Makes you feel "boy" and "who Monkey "These films, however, lacking compassion and depth: the actors look like they are auditioning for A CHORUS LINE, rather than to the actual screening. Every movement, every conversation seems to have a lot of weight and planning. Especially Michael Douglas, because Zach is in our control too much to believe that he is an avid choreographer. Even when he throws anger, he never believes that he does it because every gesture that accents And for him who didn't dance: Kevin Kline selected Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett loved his reading but Kline couldn't dance and lose that part. I hope they will do the same with Douglas! CHORUS LINE should be a show about the nobles and in addition to a few well-known faces. (Vicki Frederick, Cassie on Broadway, as Sheila and Khandi Alexander from the TV NewsRadio as one of the dancers Shouldn't know any of these people because you know these people. Having stars in any role is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and rant instead of girls and boys on the line and their stories, you lose something. <br /> <br / > It is a pity that the best order in the list (Montage: Hello, Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Saw Love) is cut so much to make way for new songs that are scary. "Surprise Surprise" that has been surprisingly nominated Cassie's "glass dance" has a sad new song and a choreography design - one wondering why they care about shooting a movie version if they are busy with this formula br /> <br /> For fans of musicals and theater enthusiasts, this film is a sad mockery of everything they love and love. For those who have never watched the original production, whether on Broadway or on a tour, this film is the only reference they have to go with. And they have to wonder how it will be the longest running musical in the history of Broadway until the small program called CATS arrived in the late 1990s, but that's a different story and not Started there
