The Broadway drama "A Chorus Line" is the best song in the theater. It's about the experiences of people living for dancing. The joy that they have experienced and the sacrifices they make Each dancer is selected as part of the Broadway chorus. But what comes out of each person is the story of their lives that allows them to find that dance is a holiday The worst film adaptation of a Broadway musical, because it is lifeless and without any love of dance To Sir Richard Attenborough, who has the right direction and the right for "Gandhi". Why everyone in his or her correct heart asks the director of the epic to direct the musical that takes place in a relatively limited place. <Br /> <br /> Which leads us to the next problem. "A Chorus Line" takes place on stage in the theater without real scenes and limited costume changes. It's a low-light Broadway musical. The most and simplicity It is the glory However, that doesn't translate well with the movie, and no one thinks it's good. For this reason, the film should take us into the lives of these dancers and should leave the theater and the selection process. Singers can present their music in other environments and even offer events back in the ballet, jazz or first-class classes. Heck, they can dance on Broadway with lively imagination. Still, no one imagined the creation of this film because Attenborough didn't care about the full dance, and his performance appeared in a lack of confidence. <br /> <br /> Many scenes are quite uncomfortable in While the dancer told The story of director Michael Douglas, whether he wants to listen to them or not. Douglas's style is uncertain about choosing whether to expand one's sympathy and he has no patience. <br /> <br /> While filmmakers pretend to be true to the nature of play, some changes Like the beautiful "Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love" song that brought dancers back to their teens - was removed and replaced with a terrifying "surprise" song that was nominated. Oss Surprise "just telling the same story as" Hello, Love "but without intelligence or pathos. <br /> <br /> There is no reason to watch this movie if You don't want lessons in things that aren't. What to do when transferring a Broadway show into a movie If you want to watch the movie version of this program, the next closest thing is Bob Fosse's "All That Jazz", while Fosse's daughter is in the "A Chorus Line". He is a Fosse that should participate as a person. director He will know what to do with this material, which deserves more respect than this tragic attempt.
