I'm not a purist on the stage. Movies can be created from this drama and almost need to be changed ... comme ci, comme ca. But a little idea of ​​this content will be lost or misunderstood by filmmakers in the mode. "Shallow blockbuster" is full. It would be hard to imagine that the director is worse. Perhaps only Josh Logan and Jack Warner can destroy this in the same way that Attenborough does. <br /> <br /> On Stage Chorus line is a victory of work as a production method. The dancer who responded to the spell found himself surrounded by shit about the work experience on the stage (very much in the 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlich spent some time delivering songs to them. He and throw them yourself ... amazing! Unbelievably modern, 'the story' of the ACL is (on the other hand) about the response of the cast line for the play that we never had a complete view because the drama is not important. It was a meta before that idea was invented 25 years before adapting to similar ideas. ACL is another trend of reducing motivation that is still alive and is a hallmark of creativity. Modern: The technique is interesting ... that there is more drama in the lives of the common people than you synthesize with the characters that are invented. It's a good idea. The stage performance has one stage. (Empty stage) and three different ways to change the background to alleviate visual boredom in order to prevent the audience from distracting Decreased areas and stories of actors are outstanding. It works well. That is the point All these thoughts were trampled or bullyed. Clever, no one and no costume, until the dancers will come out to make the final bow, which "One", which finally exhilarates, has the power to show with a full hat and tail (gold) with movement. We recognize because we have watched them in practice. Concerns about playing were released --- and the audience was crazy. <br /> <br /> After Grampa handled this, it was like a scary bird. Apparently he had previously respected all things jazz. (And Van Dancin's piece stage) in his mind. As he chose him, Hamlisch's score was quite interesting and interesting for it. It's time. But the time was not kind. It was schmaltzy as well as "jazz hands" and that was before Attenborough would ever experience it He stands out in finding the remaining good things and managing it. <br /> <br /> Simple questions may help Attenborough while filming this story. "Can I spend time with people like this for a couple of minutes?" The key issue for the drama's adaptation is the 4th wall of the theater (pivotal in the theater). Movie style There has never been more "forehead" play. The answer they think is "I'm sorry .. what is the question?" The actor has been added from a number of unique lectures that can be managed for the crowd that makes. Suffocate each other and the audience and blend the grating elements together I passed my nuisance well when the annoying little Koi swung across the stage on the rope by the clown that the audience (not in). The drama makes you understand the people in the theater. This movie makes you want to breathe out. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the annoying tendency of the characters who go straight to the middle stage and sing their stories at the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead. Related to other characters starting here, but the worst revival of the drama will make you feel more lively than this movie. <br /> <br /> The Chorus line is a pure schlock.
