On Broadway, A Chorus is pure magic. From the second show that opened with amazing energy to the truly grand final scene, the veil of the cheerful members of all the singers we loved during the show, we were fully involved - impressed. With a personal story that is intense, funny, intelligent, intelligent, somewhat, exciting, of this chorus. Now pay attention to the director - and what is he! Every time the movie changes to Michael Douglas, he is bitterly bitter, barking, asking questions and issuing orders, screaming and shouting whenever he has a chance. Oops !! That changes the dynamics of the story On Broadway, the director is a tireless performance. But he is a display device to give the story of these strong / fragile / interesting / interesting / interesting / choir members. There is a reason for this work to win the Pulitzer Prize! And actually, during the time when the director appeared, he was there to comfort the young Puerto Rican dancer after we heard a story that stopped the heart to stop. He appeared again to show his true love / concern for Cassie. But in the movie from Douglas's second director, bitterly barking, the story of the chorus members became secondary. It's like they are in a lousy career where boring directors, instead of expressing joy in creating a new exciting drama, are boring, exhausted and angry that they have to select these singers. On the stage there is always excitement throughout the performance. In this movie, from the word go, you feel sorry for everyone involved. During the musical performance, we wish that every singer member would be desperate and how happy we would be if they were given a job! But of course that cannot happen But at the end, when they came back in an elegant dress with an amazing rotating mirror on the stage, sometimes it reflected us in the audience in our hearts and we knew that in the heart of the members of both singers accepted. And reject them Stay on stage all the time and dance in a career they love so much. Bring magic to the theater. In this film, after the story and the wrong emphasis is destroyed, the magic will be completely diluted. What we feel (Even with the same curtain call), some members have worked with brave directors. So they all come on the screen and are dancing again. Big deal.
