For those who have never seen A CHORUS LINE before on stage and the only disclosure of their story is this movie, this movie is ok as a musical, nothing special, just agree. I have seen 4 Broadway performances and reached the selection of a travel company once and for those who remember the original production well, the 1985 film version was very scary at many levels that I didn't even know. To start. First of all, for those who have never been selected to produce a drama, I certify that IRL, when you audition for acting, director, producer and choreographer, never ask personal questions and don't give reasons. Why you want To become an actor Audition for the actual drama, whether it is playing or a musical, takes no more than five minutes. If you are auditioning as a dancer, you will receive a 64-bar dance show. Once you do it, they will immediately decide whether you are in or out. The original concept of Michael Bennett is to show the life of a dancer and introduce to his unconscious passion for acting and why so many sacrifices are very small. Playing is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough gave a lot of attention to the dancers by tightening Cassie / Zach's relationship and casting Michael Douglas as Zach. In the play, you never saw Zach ... He was just the voice on the side. The back of the theater and his relationship with Cassie almost didn't touch anything. Cassie is shown in a taxi in the traffic that tries to audition and talk to Larry. (Characters that are not in the drama) have been added for this film. Important musical numbers are cut or rethinked. The opening number of the play "I Hope I Get It" shows that every dancer is doing jazz and ballet costumes. In the movie, they combined three hundred dancers together and showed them closely to cover the fact that they cast people in a movie that couldn't dance. (You can say "Audrey Landers") "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hello Love". Exploring the great leaders of these young dancers' memories has been reworked into "Surprise, Surprise". Most are vehicles for Gregg Burge as Richie. The most famous song of the program. "What I do for love" in which the performance is a comparison song by all actors about what they give up. Dance becomes another standard love song in the movie. Rolled like a cassie Jeffrey Horton's choreography for this film looks boring and brutal and does not hold a candle for Michael Bennett's original scene. And when you make a movie about a choreographer, the dance must be extra There are two great dancers in this film, Gregg Burge, mentioned earlier as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Bebe and Janet Jones are Judy, but they rarely get a chance to show what they can do. Audrey Landers, who can walk and chew gum almost at the same time, gets one of the best figures of the show. "Dance 10, Looks 3" I'll admit that the "one" ending is dazzling, but you have to wait for almost two hours. I will say that if you have never seen A CHORUS LINE on stage, this movie might look valuable. But if you are a fan of the original Broadway musical ... Be scared ... very scared
