*** This post has spoiler (s) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor. But I worshiped him in all other ways. In addition, he also had his fan site with "Chuck Norris Facts" that is truly entertaining. But this movie seems to have people joking with the audience that put it. All those "facts" into a single movie I don't really remember that when I wasted more time on this "action", I didn't know what was the worst thing that this movie offered to you: the plot of a terrorist that has never been done and Thousands of times trying to nudge us by stealing nuke on the US soil. And everything else Some people may find that the worst terrorists speak English in everyday life. It's an endless crap list. Not to mention the many archive videos used in movies, which are quite annoying. The terrorist chief sends a message to his friend via the media when he is arrested and the only one who is smart enough to see the treatment is: Chuck Norris. No one in America is smart enough to see that! And all actions in capturing the leader are ridiculous A man was sent to walk in a terrorist camp. UNARMED (I'm lying. He's a knife) fled down his path with JET PACK and then landed a few hundred, perhaps thousands of kilometers to the near shore At the end of the km away from the nearest coast) where he was rescued by a submarine I hope that at least the fight scene will be good. But that is funny than the plot If you don't know that 85% of terrorists are martial arts experts, Chuck and CO overcome them. Not only will they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away with just movement. one time You may ask me if I watch this movie until the end? I do. Why? Because I just want to see who in these two super heroes will defuse a few hundred megawatts of nuclear bombs and the size of the microwave And I knew that I was a fool Of course, it's Chuck's movie, and not only did he defuse the tweezers by hand alone, but he did it - twice !! I can write a book about stupid things in this movie. But I will spend my life spawning. <br /> <br /> So the creator of this film makes the truth of Chuck Norris added to his website: Can Chuck Norris defuse the nuclear bomb. Yes and he can do it twice!
