While filming a '80s horror movie called' Hot Blooded ', the director was brutally murdered and the leading lady had scars as she survived the attack and killed the murderer. After all this, the production will be canceled and the stock wheel will be left to collect dust. Therefore, the filmmakers decided to pick up the film, even though they were warned by people to avoid the movie because the last person who was interested in this movie turned to die in the movie theater while watching the movie. From this, it indicates that it is a damned production. They did not receive these warnings seriously. The crew went ahead with the production and they received the original movie star who would return from Hollywood to recoup her role. But not as a daughter But the murder began again when actors and crews were killed by an unknown person wearing the role of a movie killer. <br /> <br /> See what 'Scream' starts! Hey, I enjoy those movies. But in most cases everything that comes after that is an annoying and pointless excuse. During this period, the sub-genre returned with a vengeance. But it is not very good because most of them do not succeed. 'Cut', an independent Australian in the category of textbooks, is a purely rubbish that is unethical, which has no basis and is merciless to Flick every flick but you know what? I found it a wonderful pleasure. Yes, it's very scary and memorable. But it is quite fun, cheap, while it lasts Although I don't like it when I first meet But the second time that I knew I was entering something and it worked better It's like helping yourself to make a good cheese cake again. But this time, it's not sweet. <br /> <br /> This movie came out at the same time as 'Scream 3' and 'Urban Legends: The Final Cut'. All three followed the same structure of using movies within the movie. 'Scream 3' is most noticeable in three people. But I will look at this trash with Urban Legends: The Final Cut, although it seems to be a return to slashers in the 80s rather than being one of Scream's bastards. Chapters and performances The conversation is truly meaningless and almost no surprises and doubts. While the show was a pure mockery and Molly Ringwald used the crown for it She plays the role of an actress, wash her face to return to flick the curse and finish, and I enjoy the ridiculous laughing performance. She bites here and nailed down completely. The rest is the most well-known Australian TV star. (That is, if you are an Australian) with Jessica Napier starring famous actors like Stephen Curry and Frank Roberts. (And the actress should) Kylie Minogue appeared in the debut for Hack! Well, these teenagers mostly follow the formula of a child with a horny and dim that has nothing to do except being killed. Sometimes it feels like they are waiting for a queue because they don't have the real thing to be there. <br /> <br /> The storyline is quite interesting, then head to the mysterious steps that the red fishes are emerging. Makes the car turn as soon as it becomes satirical with the horror genre, but it is quite absent and when talking about the explanation for all this madness, oh my thing. This is when it tries to twist back to myself in a way that clever But sadly it fell along the way But you don't just love opening the ending There are also pop culture references and self references. How to speak tongue-based. The ability to predict makes it quite fast and the porch can become exaggerated at times. But knowing that teasing by himself is fun The atmosphere is slightly diminished due to humor causing the feeling of bleak to disappear. But still a lonely old mansion, where they were filmed with exquisite touches that add some 'horror' to the movie theater scene as well. <br /> <br /> Now we know That we need blood and nudity when watching this type of flick But sadly, there are no nudity to be found and the blood is quite standard, if lacking, but it is better for a low budget flick like that. With one or two creative deaths But the rest is a system The killer is not bad. But when he talked about it, it was so painful. I thought that a good attitude to the wise person didn't sit with me. Another note of production, which is horrific, since the editing of the accompanying songs and the direction of Kimble Rendall, lack of operation and lack of attention But these factors come together to add real entertainment to this thing. <br /> <br /> Imagine the exact budget, but this heck of a slasher doesn't try to be something else. The pure schlock is a little fun!
