I have to admit that I laughed a couple of times in this 2004 holiday movie, but it moved away from my short-term memories. In a career that quickly shifted to the tabloid confusion, Ben Affleck, who had been a cartoon character actor, promised to be stuck in Hollywood's public relations machine. Considering from this film, the changes do not seem to happen as he still lacks gravity to make him credible in that respect, while his best friend Matt Damon plays the role of the movie " Syriana "The effect appears in this type of advertisement. At least the superficial character of Drew Latham, the successful advertising executive But lonely, Affleck is better than most other roles he has directed by Mike Mitchell (the most famous movie is 1999 Deuce Bigelow: Male Gigolo ") and written by at least four screenwriters (The signal is not always good) The delicate plan revolves around his character to "rent" a family that lives in his childhood home in order to use his imagination. He never had Christmas. This concept is really interesting because there is something to say about releasing the feeling of being drained out of which we are all instructed to feel amidst the crazy trade during the holidays. However, the real problem is that the film feels like an extended body that lacks real logic or emotional resonance. Affleck seems to have an overloaded behavior. Try cute. But the net result turned out to be tedious by actors with more annoying habits in playing stupid people in bad movies Fortunately, he had James like Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara as the Valcos. The couple decided to accept Drew's financial proposal to pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom like no man. pleased A close relative of Tony Soprano But he did what he could Ohara is always a cartoon jewel, whether it's a vehicle or not, and it's surprising that she gets the best laugh as Tom's wife Christine, whether it's a single delivery. For taking a dominatrix picture in what became her standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays Alicia, an unreliable daughter who will definitely become Drew's love despite the time Well, she's enjoying the trick of playing Drew's sister in front of her girlfriend's family. But it seems that her character will change in a flash of lightning, making it difficult to see what Drew will see in her. The story spun out of complete control by the past third person, with one situation being planned overlapping until the situation was tied together in a short order. There were rumors that most movies were received. Improvements due to the lack of complete scripting It shows But I have to admit that I was stuck with it until the end
