I feel that those involved in creating "Surviving Christmas" didn't think much about the movie. The characters are very inconsistent and the story has very little sense that this movie plays like a rough body of the script that was thrown together with a little concept, but the only concept of the rich paying the family to use Christmas with them. /> <br /> <br /> Ben Affleck portrayed Drew Latham, a Hollywood image typical of wealthy, talented advertising executives who bought a way of life. His girlfriend Missy left him shortly before Christmas because she was tired of Drew wanting to take her to Fiji on Christmas Day, which she called "Family vacations" and the fact that Drew never introduced her to his family. Later, we found that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old and his mother had died, so it was a mystery that he not only But said he didn't have a family instead of letting his girlfriend believe that he couldn't Take care of his family. <br /> <br /> Fear of being alone on Christmas. Drew follows Missy's feelings of depression. (Why? I have no idea) who advised him to make a pardon at his childhood home. When he met a family that lived in his childhood home at Valcos, Drew offered them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family so he could recall the lovely childhood memories of he He was angry when he found that they had an adult daughter, Alicia. (Christina Applegate) because he "doesn't have a sister" and even goes so far as to write a script for the family according to them. Acting more like his "real" family This is not reasonable when Drew reveals that he grew up without a family. But being his mother Along with his imagination But for no good reason, she began to like Drew and in a few minutes began to hate his courage to act like his girlfriend. Drew was the perfect jerk in this movie, even the story His sadness about his lonely Christmases in his childhood was not sympathetic. I almost want him to finish it. "Just kidding! The real reason I don't see my family is that they all have a ban on me! "(2/10)
