I think this movie is quite being overrated here. There are some admirable things in it. For one thing that deserves credit for being a science fiction movie (ish) which requires its story instead of using special effects and action scenes that will take you all day. Supporting actors are good. Scene design and movies are good and the idea is interesting enough. (Although they began to feel a little tired after the Dark City / Memento / Fight Club in recent years), but the film was canceled by poor characters, wooden performances from actors. Bringing ridiculous and bad endings. <br /> <br /> The main problem I have is I know that it's part of the story that he should be a code (wait ...) but I can't work with the personality that seems to be boring. What kind of character changes are there in This sad sack was planned for him. The lead actor, Jeremy Northam, succeeded in conveying that the protagonist was confused and unlucky. But did not succeed in inspiring him Opposite him, Lucy Liu does what she can do with characters that do not have her own true personality unless it is the embodiment of ancient thought, spy movies, as a personality. <br /> <br /> One of the The greatest disappointment of this story The movie is the ending. I will not give any spoilers here, but I will say that the twist was surprisingly at the end being clearly telegraphed at least 45 minutes before it happened. In addition, after receiving content that is a strange movie in the first hour or so, the last few scenes suddenly happen and become the worst Hollywood movie with huge explosions and special effects. The revelation of the McGuffin movie at the end was not good, and at the end, the characters looked less cute than they were before the main topic of the film was fixed. It can handle low levels of tension, even though most have slow walks. (Although I think I have a higher tolerance than the average for slow movies) and there are times when the insecure and paranoid feeling that the director Winso Sonata tries to make clear But in the end, these elements were not enough to overcome the shortcomings of acting and screenplay. There may be good movies that cover the same content and concepts, but this is not
