Let me begin by stating that I tend to like Renny Harlin's style of governance. Most of the time, and the filmmakers should be praised in some shots, unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4" and "Die Hard 2 "I really like. There is something missing from this movie. That is my friend's script. The dialogue in this movie is always scary. But this conversation is considered a gold medal for ignorance There are many horror movies in this movie. I don't want to remember it at all. Not only that But the execution of the line was pathetic and seemed to be more appropriate than porn movies that were no better than action adventure. Almost like Harlin thinks that if they slow down their words, they can improve the script again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that there are some talented actors. Was thrown into a bad role with a worse conversation Stallone has never been my favorite before. But when Turner shows him a round of Lithgow, and the worst of the bunch, Rooker has something wrong with this picture, Linckow plays one of the best villains in "Ricochet", but finds someone who can't. Save his life here How is it possible? I have always been a big fan of him, and he has been educated by Stallone, which he also calls him in his performance. Turner part is small and pointless. But she can still appear on the screen. Michael Rooker can show I know this because I saw it in "Days of Thunder" but he looks like he's reading his line from the queue card. Does it come to this story? When Rooker and Lithgow had a common scene where they were talking, I just wanted the movie to end there or let them both discover their amazing acting abilities. Unfortunately there is no such thing going on. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, which is the only person who can really blame this mess in addition to the screenplay. It is his fault that I have never drawn into this movie because he should really make people show. The script is not very good. But the actors' performances are what destroys the movie and must lie to the director. I don't care how much money will be paid for special effects, most of which are good. You still can't sacrifice movies with terrifying performances. <br /> <br /> In addition, the pacing of this movie looks like Will be closed The opening sequence is good and the plane scene is very good. But how do you care about the consequences of robbery? I mean, I understand that they are trying to create tension with the bells and whistles of the plane scene. But I do not care whether they will receive money or not in that scene. If the bad guy wins quickly, I don't have to go to see the worst movie!
