After seeing "propel" on the plane, flew to America three years ago, I believe I have seen the worst movie ever created and I can relax safely in the knowledge that I do not have to suffer on the screen again. Unfortunately I met this night, this is not the case. The pistol is very bad. Actually, I'm thinking of recommending it to a friend to watch it, so I don't feel like I'm the only one who is stupid enough to watch this story. It was amazing how much the film fell on the face with constant values, and I meant the constant sound of the main character. In fact, I was angry at the cinema that heard the voice of Andre Benjamin. Incessantly indefatigable about what appears to be half the movie while thinking all the time - What will Turkey do to the joke of this gangster / prisoner when he makes his "offer"? I will tell you that He will tell him to stop the head and see with disdain, as his improper partner walks out as fast as his small legs will hold him. I mean what we should believe to have to pass Jake's head when they offer "Problem solving" for his problem? They are against men, so they must have the skills to cure the incurable blood! I mean ffs. Did he start to wonder why his symptoms weren't worse? On the third day, something happened. Instead, Richie invited the audience to call him painfully from Avi to Jake to let him know that he was tricked. <br /> <br /> However, I can add. Small notes for the movie by moving to dry humor if thanks to a standard similar to his previous movie. Cow T **! This film does not try anything wise as a redemption through some amusing moments. Oh no. It managed to be horrible until it was a disaster. I truly did not hear as much as the titrator from the cinema that was packed all over? And everyone who knows UGC in Sheffield will know how full the main screen can receive Maybe he doesn't want this movie to be funny and fair enough that you can still make a good movie without a joke. But he plans to hang this movie in any matter Plot unnecessary mess! I sincerely hope that not! <br /> <br /> The most satisfying time I met last night was to hear the sound of a sigh of loudness from all directions of the audience because everyone prayed for the end. It is also very amusing to see that customers are quick to fight and go out after they realize that it is over and they are free from their suffering. <br /> <br /> I have to finish it. Writing this thing makes me angry again). Explain thoroughly in "The End". I mean sh ** t! The ending ?? .. No, sorry. I can't. You just have to watch it. It cannot be said in words and after you see it, you will know why.
