The movie "52 Pick Up" is unavailable. See if you are interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer or anyone who is in the elite cast, especially John Glover. The book - a horror movie that burns down slowly with a lot of pulp - should be translated into an Oscar movie that is competing instead of a fool who can't figure out whether it should convey a difficult crime story. Of books or choose to have fun. Schwarzenegger Change the scene from the original place in the Detroit book. (The area where Leonard lived for many years and knew very well) to Los Angeles caused many problems that Leonard tried to fix in his script. For example, it is a smart device that makes Mitchell's wife a City Councilwoman (she doesn't have a job in the book) if you think about it: that's the only way you can blackmail reliably in a crazy city. Sexually, such as 1980 Los Angeles for adultery or any type of sexual scandal. However, there is more possibility in conservative eastern states such as Michigan. To believe that a) "industry" of pornography. This is a dirty hell. The third dirty money. Classmates who face a mid-life crisis and b) adultery alone may be something you can threaten if their careers and old-fashioned wives can't cope with the shock. As a mentor, Ron Jeremy will tell you in 1980. Los Angeles is a stylish and stylish mecca like the movie "Boogie Nights" rather than Leonard's dark and gloomy world. In the tour bus, the apartment is dirty. Then again, Los Angeles may be the backdrop of such a story, if more carefully organized scenes - there are still many dark crannies and bugs. Unfortunately, Roy Scheider's Harry Mitchell came out in the film, saying that the sexy and handsome Uebermensch danced through his problems without even getting tired. In this book, he manages to jerk union officials while struggling with a failed business. He also has a skeleton in the closet during a war involving friendly fire which he is responsible for. But never appeared to catch up with The story of Elmore Leonard often has a central image related to strange politeness between illegal and illegal citizens. Here Harry Mitchell sitting in the office with Alan LeMay's hijacking flip the financial books and negotiate a ransom for him that is more useful. Glover's blackmailers showed the scene with intelligence, but Scheider presented the victim here as a "good man" who controlled the situation as if he were a Rambo with M-16 more than anyone who barely floated in the world of He's around him, "52 Pick Up" ends with one of the worst summaries, considering all the ideas that come into the original story. Trapping Raimi in Mitchell's Jaguar and blasting him with music, a band playing with a sadistic song by Mitchell playing with an audience that wants a conclusion. "Sweet Revenge" of the movie Chuck Norris Mitchell barely survives at the end and the conflict between good and evil can go both ways. I left the theater, shaking my head and depressed. It's a waste of talent.
