David Chase's "The Sopranos" movie may be the most highly regarded television program in recent memories, not just a series of intellect and passion. But it is not as spiritual as anyone can read. Knowing that James Gandolfini * IS * Tony Soprano is a big hole in Boss's fat, the leader of his own wife and two children who live in - you guess. It's - Armpit of America (That is New Jersey along the way) Not only Tony is also an adulterous woman. But he is also a deceptive person who is not repentant with the crew of "Saturday Night Live", a valuable caricature for subordinates Not the fact that Tony is a villain who likes me. (And obviously I only) who is allowing the character to be and what the American TV barely permits, but the chase - and his followers with money lacking the author Emmy-gored - not just Allowing us to observe Tony and his team as they behave and they also try to give insights about the reality of the reaction / fictionalized reaction) The organized crime (a "goddess   อ") แต่เชสได้ถวายเกียรติและรับรองวิถีชีวิตที่โลภความรุนแรงและคอรัปชั่นของตัวละครของเขาในแบบเดียวกับที่โทนี่ภรรยาของเขาและแม้แต่นักจิตวิทยาที่มีผมหงุดหงิดของเขาทำสัปดาห์ละครั้ง (Or should I say month by month After the past year, it seems that the show of the 13th season will come out with the same rules as the lunar eclipse). There are many things that are created from a series that refuses to adhere to the "network" structure. With a plot line nowhere and characters that pop up and disappear like a backyard But if the performance is great in the absence of a structure, why does it often feel like I watch TV dramas? Mob groups are tired of bored housewives, bored of themselves, serving characters that can't be exchanged and where to go. More than ever, I can see why many Americans who are Italian citizens have inherited this list. It is enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Danté's "Inferno"). <br /> <br /> People in IMDb love to claim that there is nothing good on TV and therefore "The Sopranos" Is the breath of fresh air Are these people too busy to pay the cable to see "The Shield"? (It is included in Basic, ya know) "The West Wing" (still good) or good (If writing wrong) "Boston Law"? The best jokes in the past few decades may be "Caught in development" and afraid that we will forget that we are in the age of DVDs - nobody * has * to see * what * is new. I would like to spend $ 40 for a set that is in a very expensive box. * Anything else * more than giving HBO $ 10 per month (or $ 80 DVD set!) To prove how many hacking factories are possible. <br /> <br /> You want a good TV, right? "Murder : Life on the road "or" Murder One "or" picket fence "or even Previous performances of Chase "Northern Exposure" If you're one of the fans and critics "The Sopranos", it's too late for you. But if not allowing Tony and his worthless relatives to live - all the fish are rotting ("sleeping" is too kind)
