Seriously, I can easily penetrate blood at the screen of blood and disgust. But what makes this film look annoying and uneasy to watch is that the doctor's character shows physical damage to a woman who has raped him. John Cassavetes from "Rosemary's Baby" talks about a broken uterus, dry sex. And sperm that have a large amount of red (?) Like they are the most common small diseases in the medical world That was said "Incubus" is a scary attempt in the end It's not scary, right? Although it is not very good, but it is strange, normal, messy and inconsistent scripts. At first, it turned to hunt for murderers, rapes - flesh and blood. (Although the name clearly shows the participation of supernatural beings) and seems to not introduce new characters. None of these characters, especially not the main characters who are sympathetic and for some reason, have never explained before, all of them seem to keep the secret dark. Such doctors have strange interpretations about the love of the daughter and the continuous behavior like he is the suspect himself, the sheriff of the city. (John Ireland) seems to be in a constant state of intoxication and doesn't seem to care. Women in his district, female journalists, were weird than words and lenses. (Her old witch and nephew) looks scary They all combined, trying hard to solve the mystery of anyone or what is destroying the reproductive organs of women in the city. The order created to rape and murder is admirable in that vile atmosphere and actions that cause blood and insecurity. Essentially, these are very positive factors in horror movies. But the narrative structure is not too consistent and the characters are not too pathetic for "Incubus" to be a really good movie. There are also some boring parts to fight for yourself. (Such as images from Bruce Dickinson's concert!) And the direction of John Hoh, which is very reliable, is almost invisible Although the final match was awesome For me personally, "Incubus" is a little disappointing. But there are still many reasons to introduce the strange parts of the early 80s that are frightening to open-minded people.
