Mandy Pullman Young Couple (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Berman) are resting on the beach in the small town of Lane. They decide to start playing real jokes. Mandy hides in a hut at Old dilapidated, she was attacked and raped by an unknown attacker. Roy tries to help her after hearing her screams but is killed. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Lane after the death of Sam's wife. Sam was called to perform by the police chief Hank Walden. (John Ireland) when found that Mandy and Roy He performs an autopsy in Roy and treats Mandy for her horrible injuries. Shortly after the curator at the local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) was attacked and raped as well. A local journalist named Kerrie Keane reported the incident and advised Sam to see rape and murder occur in the city 30 years ago. Rape and murder increased. Meanwhile, Tim Galen, Jenny's boyfriend (Duncan McIntosh) has a dream and a strange nightmare and believes he is involved in a horrible act. The story of Tim and the digging into the past city makes Sam believe in the existence of a creature known as Incubus, a demonic entity that changes existing shapes just to repeat! Directed by John Hough, this is a scary horror movie. The screenplay of George Franklin, based on Ray Russell's novel, is very slow. There is nothing interesting or exciting to happen, and it ends with an event that no one is the most boring in the ending I have seen and disappointing. It ended abruptly. While the story is slowly moving, there is a slight rape. But no display on the screen There is only one scene in the whole movie as well. The monster is shown at the end and has three short scenes. Everything about the production of this film is smart and very flat. The movie has no energy or pace The show is boring and you don't feel or care about anyone. See the scenes in the autopsy room, where you will see a boom microphone clearly at the top of the screen several times. A horror movie that can make you forget about one day. Truly wasting time. Don't worry.
