Stephen King is well known for his illness and that is good. But this story is unbelievable Some movies at the end, you feel sad for the characters or situations that they passed ... Here you just feel depressed. This film has a good feeling for it (at first) with families moving to the provinces and the old Fred Gwyne, greeted and warned them about pet cemeteries. But where does this plot lead? It starts with a lot of potential. But at the end, it loses the potential to be a good horror movie and becomes a very stupid and depressing story. <br /> <br /> Dale Midkoff, his wife, Rachel (Denise Crosby), their children, Ellie and Gage, and their cats move to a new home in Maine. They were warned by Jud Judge (Fred Gwyne), a neighbor about a local pet cemetery and a curse. Louis didn't think anything, and everything was fine until the cat family was killed. He buried him in a cursed cemetery and returned to life, shouting at his family and wanting to be left alone. One day, Gage, the baby ran out of the road and ran and was killed by a truck and Louis knew he had to bury him in the cemetery. When Gage came to life again, he changed and wanted to kill. <br /> <br /> From Stephen King's works, many things that are not well translated in movies, I blame the director and screenwriter. In this case, Mr. King is the author of the script. But I will blame him for his horrible story At the end it was very useless, and even if it wasn't happy, the evidence was laughable. The little boy came back from the dead and managed to kill people with what looked like a small scalpel and not only that. But he can draw up their drafts and in one case hold the bodies from the ground to the attic! ) I know that this is not in reality. But how serious is this fool? The scene in which Louis injected his deceased person, now living again to kill the cat. It was very sad because the cat did not deserve this. What he did was think of his own business and he killed it. The scene in which he injected his baby's son was almost unbearable. Unbearably sad But the overall situation is scary After being injected, Gage staggered around before falling dead .... Why do they need to create a movie that ends with the death of a baby? But ... even worse than that, the true ending of this film involves Louis burying others. (Will not allow anyone) in the cemetery after Gage kills them .... What do they expect? Why did King write a horrible story and why did it become a movie? It's depressing and pointless. <br /> <br /> My score: * from **** 90 minutes. R for violence.
