Paul Armstrong is a law professor at Harvard, a Scottish citizen, well known for his anti-capital punishment that was hired to work in the case of Bobby Earl, a young black Florida man convicted. Raping and killing Joanie Shriver, a white girl aged eleven Earl claimed that his confession to the crime was derived from intimidation by a sadistic police officer and true Blair Sullivan, a serial killer who was executed for murder. Many cases Armstrong visited Sullivan in his cell in the death row, hoping to persuade him to confess Joanie's murder, helping the Earl from the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first everything. Well Sullivan pleaded guilty and Earl was released from prison when the Court of Appeal ended his conviction. Since this development occurred only a little after half of the movie, it was the point that the alarm bell would start to ring in the audience's mind. "Warning! Important storyline spins forward! "And it proves The spiral is expected to occur soon. Earl, it transpires, actually is the fault of the crime that he had just acquitted and may belong to many others as well. But Sullivan's plan was inconsistent with the hatching for his freedom; Sullivan will confess Joey's murder if Earl kills his parents. (Why Sullivan wants his dead parents to not explain precisely). Armstrong now finds himself in danger from the people he saved his life. Earl is dissatisfied with Armstrong's wife, a lawyer, who served as a litigation counselor in the previous case when Earl was accused of rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" Is an example of automatic meat eating that sometimes Hollywood likes to indulge in rock sprinkling, one movie by recycling themes and plot equipment from others. The first half has a clear debt for Movies like "Invaders in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; About the only difference is that the sheriff who confessed from Bobby Earl was a black person, but in the previous movie he was a white person. (The cruelty of the police is an equal opportunity activity). The central point in the plot is borrowed from Costa-Gavras' music box. Although in that film, the revelation will not happen until the end. The final scene where lawyers, wives, and young daughters are in danger from the past, customers are the obvious imitations of both "Cape Fear" versions, which occur in the American swamplands of South. Sullivan, as a biblical priest, imitates the character Robert De Niro directly in "Cape Fear" Scorsese, which was made four years ago. "Just Cause" <br /> <br / > (With the same script "The only cause" borrowed heavily from other movies. Several years later, seven years later, the center's rotation plan is, in turn, to be blatantly imitated in the spacecraft. br /> <br /> The problem of movie-making patterns by numbers is that movies in general are less prominent than movies that inspire them. In general, all that is less than the sum of many parts and "Just Cause" is a movie that is smaller than the movie that was created for. Normally, Harris is a talented actor. But this is one of his weakest performances, mainly because he doesn't play as many characters as playing De Niro playing Max Cady. Blair Underwood is ok when Bobby Earl, the innocent young man in the first scene But unbelievable that Bobby Earl is the next psychotic killer Sean Connery as Armstrong and Lawrence Fishburn as a black sheriff is better But not good enough to help this movie (Connery and Harris must act together in a better movie "The Rock" in the following year) <br /> <br /> There was a problem with "Just Cause" in the first half of the film. Seems to be a "edition" movie, free standard of death penalty, anti-racism In the second half, it seems that the work of a tough reactionist announces that all the criminals are evil. The only way to deal with them is to fry them on the chair. The lawyers are free. With the benefits of The brothers, criminals and police officers who have been arrested have been suspected of being heroes. The filmmakers seemed to be unaware that there was a plan to accidentally bring the movie into the center of the film. (Which is incredibly desirable) from returning to a political standpoint or if they are aware of the problems they ignore Obviously, the proper plans are obviously more important than political stability. 4/10
