Sexo Cannibal or Devil Hunter, more known among English-speaking audiences, begins with actors and models Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) examines the place for her new film along with the assistant. Jane (Gisela Hahn) After working hard for many days, Laura relaxes in her bath when Chris (Werner Pochath), two very suspicious characters and Thomas Mayans come and kidnap. She is betrayed by Jane. Laura's agent came to blow to rent Peter Veron. (Al Kleer), who informs the situation of the kidnappers, Laura on a lonely island and demands a ransom of 6 million. Peter says he will receive 200,000 money to bring her back safely and again. 10% of the 6 million if he brought that thing back faster than the drainage pipe Peter and his Vet Buddy helicopter pilot on the island & choose how to help Laura So the kidnappers therefore have Laura and Peter. There are 6 million people but don't want to send more than that. Just to make things more complicated, this isolated island is home to primitive tribes. (Hell, in every generation they live in, they can create only one straw hut. It is now a primitive animal) Altman) with Ta Pong as a god with human sacrifices and this cannibal. The passion for white girls and intestines ... <br /> <br /> This co-production in Spanish, French and German was written together & directed by the rich Franco Jesus. Complete, which has been credited for music as well. Sexo Cannibal gained notoriety here in the UK because it was placed on the list of 'Video Nasties' in the early 80s under the name Devil Hunter. Formal, obscene and banned by saying that I have no idea Why is it a bad movie, and even Franco, who is not afraid of being involved in turkeys, he decides to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. It's difficult. The script by Franco Er, apologize. I mean, Clifford Brown and Julian Esteban as Julius Valery, who obviously aren't impressed with the finished product and want to remove his name in a dramatic manner. cattle It's simple and straightforward, just like that. For the beginning of this film, it's boring. It's not true. The kidnapping plan is the most boring thing I have ever seen without having to stress or get a little bit excited and the horror stories involved and the horror aspects of things. Not getting better with stupidity, looking at the big blood-stained eyes, plus the two human-taming scenes As a horror movie, Sexo Cannibal has failed & is an unsuccessful action adventure. This film is a must-avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows no sense. His usual abilities throughout The ground with large leaves placed around his neck to try and give you a feeling that doesn't stick to anything! The bad man-eating scene, the action is lame & there are endless scenes of people walking around the forest, starting from 'A' to 'B' and not doing anything when they get there. It seems incredibly boring and boring after about 10 minutes, and don't forget this thing for 94 minutes in an uncut state. I must mention the hilarious scene when Al Cliver should climb the rock. This is accomplished by Franco turning his camera sideways & having a cliver crawling along the floor! Just look at the way his coat hung and the way he never grabbed anything. Blood is not as good as the Euro-eaten movie. To this end, tame people are close to the human mouth because they chew human flesh, being spiked with blood and a small handful of intestines. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have a low budget and I mean low. This is a humble movie with special effects and very low production costs. The only good thing about it is the forest setting, which at least looks genuine. The music sucks and the sound effects are annoying because of the heavy breathing whenever the human beings on the screen. The show was all bad. But no one can do this. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie that accepts fatal mistakes like hell. The good thing I can say is that it has an unpredictable atmosphere with it. & The person who is close to the meat of the chewing man is quite crunchy. Anyone looking for a good cinema experience should give Sexo Cannibal as wide as possible to avoid
