I bought a DVD BLOOD CASTLE on eBay because a few dollars didn't know what it was and all I could say was that I wasn't disappointed with this purchase. Blood Castle is one of the most horrific European horror movies, almost without quality, except for being thoroughly entertained for all bad reasons. The only opening is worth the price of the DVD: Dr. Ivanana, our heroine, arrives at the castle where she should help the scientist Baron Dalmar, who performs experiments on dead tissue. On the way to the castle 1) A man tried to rape Ivanna 2) The housekeeper of the castle fought with her 3) The housekeeper wanted her to die 4) And finally Baron Dalmar spit on her and wanted her to leave the next day. .. There is something telling me that you are not welcome. By coming to a miserable place, you think Ivanna will leave the place in a matter of minutes. But not like many excellent junk movies, our "stubborn" heroine decides to stay and enjoy a candlelight dinner with a disgruntled baron. The same important event day (It's even greater than the memories of the first few minutes of the Canadian movie JUNIOR) that I know I'm going to have fun with it. <br /> <br /> Not fun. Seems to have been repeatedly poisoned whenever she goes to sleep at night just to wake up from the unconsciousness, being bound and being tortured during the mild times of S&M by an invisible man Even after meeting with the S&M meeting every night, Ivanna remained at the castle and believed in the baron, angry that what she was experiencing was nothing more than a dream. Even being expected, even after being treated badly from going to rest, Ivanna falls in love with Baron Ivanna, completely ignoring the negative things about him, including the clear truth that the popular baron Girl group Every woman in the castle (It seems that women working there only) are falling in love with unhappy people who ignore the use of cute little things. The more stupid things while someone hides around the settlement. And kill women Igor is responsible for everything. In a lengthy scene, the older brother warns the baron that he should not interfere with Ivan too much or he will experience the consequences. So what did Baron and Ivanna do about this? They are definitely married! During a very short wedding ceremony, the Baron was shot by an angry villager. (The father of one dead girl) But all of this didn't prevent Ivanna, who among the dead women and tortured around. They comforted the pain that Baron said. "It was just a wound in the flesh" and both were able to enjoy the honeymoon at the castle. That the killer's brother / rapist / tortured everything became a quick eternal love triangle between Ivana, Baron and Igor. Blame everything with love! <br /> <br /> Next, you will get the idea: it can't be subtle. Almost everything is ridiculous in this movie, and when it is not OTT, like a predictable climax, things are boring, but for most movies, directors or writers like it in an irrational time. Without reason. After another story I love this type of movie, everything is fine, like being hammered with a sledgehammer and having characters with irrational behavior. Even those who create the Retromedia DVD know this, and when you go to the scene selection, we hear one of the funniest conversations from the movie that dubbed the ending. <br /> <br /> The production value increases. Up beautifully Opening and closing credits with candles and red curtains ... Sometimes the music sounds like something from Tim Burton's movie, which adds a bizarre sense to it all. And according to the tradition of this type of film, when a woman stripped off their clothes, they were just killed. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I gave this score 2, but as "It's terrible, this movie is good. "I rate it 8 stars. If you enjoy junk movies, please watch this movie. It's something to watch. The only thing left for me to ponder about it: is there anything that the woman has left the strange castle?
