(Various spoilers follow) <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly is not Georges Guetary, which is sometimes criticized for being too young and not French. Not Leslie Karon, who is sometimes criticized for her green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who often makes my strangers ill-fated. <br /> <br /> No, it will definitely be Kelly's genes. There is something about the characters on his screen that Ambitious and determined to convince him as an innocent artist in Paris, content that will face the critics indefinitely, happy with little children and old women and street painting That is what makes him effective in SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN and other movies that he plays with ambitious and focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is a cousin with Tommy Albright in BRIGADOON. Another story of Lerner and Kelly miscast as a citizen. American who ended up freely, who fell in love with a beautiful European place.>> Except that Jerry was not as satisfying as Tommy who was baffled. That's another annoying story about this movie. Sometimes Jerry is driving a car to Milo and is even worse than Lise. When he saw his back at the club for the first time, he pulled a dirty trick to let her dance with him. When she sat down again, he drew more dirty tricks to get her phone number. When he called her the next day, she put him on the line, which he put the queue to drop at her office. And all of this is clearly what she wants to do with him When she started laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop, it was as convincing as Milo's interest in his paintings. Sure he looks good and playful But why did it affect her when she had a Henri that looked like a gentleman in the boot? <br /> <br /> It was accepted that it was offensive because some actors. If there is a drama like Lise, spoken by Judy Garland, she will shower Jerry by insulting and staring stubbornly. If she plays by Cyd Charisse, everyone will like his courage. But when she was played by Leslie Karon for the first time, she looked and acted like a weak shy teenager and as a result, Jerry seemed to creep. And why they chose other actors (Although personally, I want to fix things by changing the leader) When the whole story is hidden in the love of these two poor young couples, Gene Kelly is not only above the Guetary and Foch for a few years, he Old enough to be the father of Caron. <br /> <br /> In short, I think everything will be better. The type that often appears in the supporting role of music ... such as Ray MacDonald in GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van in SMALL TOWN GIRL. Maybe they are not necessary. But someone likes them People who can chase Lise and make it look dangerous Someone who will have a truly happy life in the Chaplinesque hole-in-the-wall; Someone with a sense of humor and innocence will compare better with Oscar Levant's envy. It may make the ballet look less boring. And it may give a sound that can sing better Gershwin. <br /> <br /> All of this may give the feeling that I don't like Gene Kelly. I like him. He's great in most of his movies. Just this movie (And a few more things) I don't disrespect AAIP as well Leslie Karon, who, despite her lack of experience, is charming and looks like she just stepped out of Georges Guetary paintings and his "Stairway to Paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful. And impressive and should end with SOMEBODY but not Jerry Mulligan. I don't want you
