N.B.: Internal spoiler Assigning art directors to natural opera production and will mean that you will receive a portion of the director's thoughts. But directing Wagner's opera is a particularly difficult task, especially as he may be the most obvious opera composer in terms of what should look and how they should unfold. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg created the final piece of Wagner's "Parsifal" masterpiece with an idea that was almost enough to make it almost explode at the seams. You get more than one piece of director: You get all the fat pigs. Some of Syberberg is appreciated by his passion for tearing the back cover in an updated aspect of German history. But does it work to combine the desire to make the opera Wagner full of their own ideas? <br /> <br /> The scene with the Knights of the Holy Grail in Acts I and III is full of allegory and symbol. These things came from Wagner's time recently and went beyond that. If you know what these meanings are, they can make Syberberg's vision better for you. (But don't need to improve Wagner's vision) If you don't know what it means, they are confused if not annoying. I will not interfere with the story of the opera here. It can be said that it is a traditional Wagner synthesis of various elements. In this case, it is a combination of the legend of the Holy Grail and the principles, practices and parades of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays an important role here, as in almost every Wagner opera. <br /> <br /> I have to sweat through Syberberg's first act (amid the familiarity of Shaking my music, saving the whole day), but Act II chooses the rhythm. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil magician, to trap "Parsifal the fool" who has lost all their greatest glamor. Kundry will be used to tempt him into the dark side. After the first piercing with more symbols, they will be removed and a long and elegant altered partner between the young fool and the deceased begins. In the end, the film began to use genuine magic and was largely due to Syberberg choosing to set things naturally and simply. Suddenly the performance started. (Actors that express Edith Clever and the soprano of Yvonne Minton to create amazing Kundry); Suddenly the music came back to life and made the inner chaos of the two characters clearer. The work of the camera remains quiet and simple, silently. In other words, Wagner is allowed to tell his story further according to his condition. And it works beautifully For me, it is the most interesting part of the movie. <br /> <br /> By entering the knight again in episode 2 of Act III, the eerie alien world is back. Use a large deadly Wagner mask as an important set. (Making turkeys the clutches of large, funny composers); The Knight Act III in the form of costumes, wigs and makeup (What did the director say? Knights are a bunch of buffalo, they show many layers of importance or timelessness over their surface? insert? After receiving the incredible touch of Kundry by Parsifal? From the rear projection of the conductor conducting in modern realism, his orchestra in the studio (This is amazingly exhausting in my drama. It takes a few minutes to regroup); The complete avoidance of having time between actions II and III (when we find the knight and "narrator" Gurnemanz again, he should be an old man, old and Parsifal should appear again in a weary world. But wise-elderly men); But of course, the most strange rhythm is the separation of the Parsifal into parts. Some men / women find this to be the best rhythm. No doubt I can give Karin Krick the player "Parsifal 2" by showing strength and dignity. (She is the best lip-syncher of all actors) but please ... Wagner's idea about Parsifal is very complicated. His growth from innocent children who did not know anything about his past, until realizing the progress in the Act II of the eternal wounds of Amfortas and the way it became his own, to return as a savior. The Great of Act III? This is a journey of a character that is created expertly. Two important sexes are just a mechanism and nonsense. (And what about this nonsense about homoerotic Gurnemanz and Parsifal? We can't accept the miraculous counselor / internship relationship in Act III?) <br /> <br / > Monte Carlo Philharmonic under Armin Jordan playing with love and beauty (Although the chorus is disappointing) But after watching this movie, I just wanted to record the voice directed by my Solti (highly recommended) and make Wagnerian's bearings straight again. The movie experience for me was in a strange period. Weird to the angry entertainment For Syberberg's credit, he has created visually appealing work and he offers special offers for important operas. But instead of sticking with "Parsifal", it seems that he wants to put all the Wagnerian things: man, life, great influence ... all in the rough symbol code "Parsifal". The opera is full of heavy symbols: the Holy Spear Grail. The baptismal ceremony that used to have blood flowing Amfortas, his own wounds, Klingsor - kissing, kissing, Kundry curse The Wagner "Parsifal" himself as one of the greatest! Returning to the question in the first paragraph, all the pigs of Syberberg are too much for me. But if this project sounds like something that stimulates your desire, try it. I would not recommend staying away from this thing. You may find yourself fully satisfied. Or if you want something that will destroy Wagner's obstacles, try ... but please, please don't stop here. "Parsifal" is in the end of the league that is very ripe of its own.
