I realize that there is no statistical information that easily supports the relationship between video games and real-life violence. This movie is a false proposition and is a fake because it conflicts with myself completely, which is what I try to emphasize in my first review. Failed movies are not necessary because I think these children are influenced by video games. But because the movie is set to "random" and does not follow me, explain in Eileen: the life and death of a serial killer, you can see her claim about the police and being controlled by radio waves is ridiculous But she is very happy, she believes that they are real The audience can make a difference. However, in Zero Day, both children say that they are not influenced by the environment, which is obviously wrong because everything they conflict with. Neo-nazism talks about birth. Rise of CNN and Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because they know his name only) This movie does not convey the 'truth'. It does not show anything except the reality to prove the point. Unfortunately you are a victim and do not see this thing and you do not receive it from my review either. All movies are just the assumptions of Michael Moore and apply to something "real life" with the hope of examining and failing, not necessarily because of the wrong assumptions. But because the movie is wrong and doesn't support Of course, I don't think children who play video games tend to kill people. But if I'm not mistaken, there are no videotapes of Columbine children (or some teenage killers) shooting guns in the woods, claiming that How much do they watch or act like weapons in Doom? Hmm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm To believe that the media is influenced. Zero Day is a bad movie, not because I believe that the relationship exists. But since the filmmakers didn't know what to say and trying to do anything more than to prove his point It's almost as if giving a new rating to video games, causing some people to be upset, so they think of 'Zero Day' in retaliation. Bully
