This review is used for cutting the film that is generally given the name "Fury of the Wolfman". I understand that there are more uncut video clips and I hope it has at least eight or nine scenes that seem to disappear. Goes from the scene called "Fury of the Wolfman". In short, this film has no meaning at all. It was the most ridiculous and insubstantial story that Waldemar Daninsky, a respected lycanthropic drug, played by Paul Naschy in an infinite series of movies, seemed like a normal person who had just returned from the movie. Traveled to Tibet where he was attacked by Yeti Despite this, Daninsky makes him a werewolf, a doctor, scientist and instructor in what appears to be a college. One of his female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in hypnosis in an ambiguous form ... "Chematodes". The absurd words used to refer to the wires attached to the victim's head. This will help her. "Change the direction of the human brain" by nature, allowing her to dominate the world, where she can take all of us with those wires without problems. <br /> <br /> Elmann is also like that. Is a werewolf because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes him to her hidden lab She has many people stuck there as well. Some people look like gypsies and are chained in various conditions of clarity. Others are clearly hippies. Elmann feels that one day she may be able to "Helping them to be human again" (?) But at the same time, she controls them with chematodes. Waldemar becomes her hairy killer, walking around like zombies, werewolves - until The filmmakers decided to use video clips from the movie Naschy, another werewolf. "Frankiestein's Bloody Terror" (don't ask) has changed a lot and he lapses around like an animal. <br /> <br /> Is this the reason? none? Good. That's the saving grace of the movie. It's not trying and engaging with you at any intelligence level. It's just moving forward quickly with any ridiculous conversations or cheap horror movies that will gather "Fury of the Wolfman". Best ever You do not need to pay attention to it for sure and in fact if you do you will be completely confused.
