I saw this piece of work for the first time recently on one of the dollar DVDs that seems to be everywhere today, and I feel that it cannot control myself. For those who have never seen the pathetic and glamorous Mexican imports without prejudice from other people's bad comments, there are many devastators in the following: So if you are one of those careless people, stop reading immediately and go and see for yourself. If you're drunk enough in advance, you may be lucky enough to pass before it ends. <br /> <br /> Begin with evidence that men may become werewolves after being beaten by There is no one in the movie to explain how this kind of cultivation has occurred and the rest of the film is more ridiculous than hopelessly. But pouring another glass of wine (Or whatever you drink) then let us continue. <br /> <br /> Paul Nashchi (our werewolf) has the characteristics of a man who struggles with a toothache in a city that The only dentist that exchanged his Novocaine to buy cheap and drunk whiskey since then. (He's not a lucky person, right?) Naschy's facial expression has never been different, whether it is makeup in or out of makeup, and obviously no one teaches him to act like a werewolf. Sometimes he tries to imitate Lon Chan Jr. crouch. But in most cases, he just walks around in his black mafia shirt like another friend who has too many facial hair. For fairness, makeup is better than the actors that are in it. But continuity is worse than ever Naschy's werewolf is the only person I can think of changing the T-shirt twice in the middle. Prowling him from a black shirt to a red shirt and then back to black, then red. Going back to black all in one crazy night. Interestingly, he always made Chaney squat while wearing a red shirt. And while he was wearing only the red shirts, we saw many tantrums mentioned in the name Assuming there is something about the red shirt that just brought the animal out of him. <br /> <br /> So after being bitten by a cross pollination across the poor Etchemak home from Tibet to learn that his wife Sleeping with one of his students Illegal couples both tried to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survived the ship's wreck and made the house in time for the full moon. Then, after chewing his wife and her lover, he went out again. But that is enough Do they let the tragically rested people suffer peacefully? There was no chance he was resurrected by a female scientist who believed that there was a simple S / M amulet known as "Doctor" (and not a new doctor's course). She dug him up and took He goes to her strange kastle, takes him to the dungeon, binds him to the wall and makes him a good person. Probably a lot of exasperation enough to cause a little rage in the werewolves. <br /> <br /> After rampaging his two arms, our werewolves spend most of the time wandering around. Castle tries To find a solution (And who can blame him?) During his travels, he found a discrete ancient idea, including a man wearing a medieval ghost armor. Phantom of the impersonator - suspected of grouping slaves <br /> <br /> So what is it about? One has received a vague impression that there is something about mind control and is related to what doctors call "chemotrodes" (best guess, I don't know how it was spelled if there was something like that). The experiment ended with failure and, most importantly, it ended ... before having time to manage my own leg. br /> <br /> Of course, nobody expects any feelings from this movie. But at least it should be a good thing to laugh. This doesn't forget it. There is an anarchist genre that creeps about this film from the atmosphere that has been drenched tequila to movies. The evil and the suffering music score If it's not good for that, what would it be? If Montezuma's revenge can be remastered and put on a DVD, it should look like this movie.
