"La Furia del Hombre Lobo" produces a completely lonely story that seems to be inconsistent with the previous Vale de da Vinci movie. Some people are of the opinion that this movie should have happened before the "Werewolf Shadow" event, although it was released later ... They may say it right, I'm not sure. However, in this film, Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by the Yeti creatures in Tibet. (Good conversation here - "It's a Yeti. But that's impossible. I'm a scientist and these things don't really exist. It's a hallucination. That is all ") and even though there is a pentagram, he can prevent werewolf changes until he finds his wife cheating on him. One night, becoming a beast, he kills both her and her lover before running into the storm and being electrocuted. Shortly before he was resurrected by the University of Dominatrix, who was experimenting with an unconscious mind. He was taken to the castle's basement where these experiments live like chained animals. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy. Whatever you want to call him Is a good person Actors and enthusiastic about his work No matter how defective these movies are, you can rely on them for good performance. The remaining actors look good enough. But it is difficult to tell when they have dubbed the voice of every line And that's the main problem for me ... The voice of the artists they use is very bad. Whenever I chuckle during the movie, it's an inappropriate way they send their calls. (They seem to refer to the hero as "Waldeman" continuously). Unfortunately, it is almost impossible to find a copy with the title of the movie Naschy, although sometimes they are available in the original language. <br /> <br /> The direction of Jose Maria Zabalza seems to be very popular. There are some ideas that can be seen in certain scenes, while others are badly created and poorly resolved, especially in the final scene when it counts. The reason for this is that Zabalza seems to be drunk at most times while in the set. He allowed his fourteen-year-old nephew to write Molina's conversation again, using help without permission. All of this is quite frustrating. Any chance that this movie is one of Molina's best works and it's not surprising that the two of them never work together again. <br /> <br /> But it's not. All bad news It's a good idea here. Some stories of the story create interesting psychological stories with werewolves as a metaphor for jealousy and anger. The idea of ​​'werewolves is Yeti' is one thing that comes back from Molina's work later. There are some terrifying and terrifying things going on in the basement, and there are also memorable scenes about half-way movies that Daninski runs from home to the house, through the village, killing or destroying innocent people as he goes - scenes. One is particularly serious, but actually it is straight from the first film of Molina "La Marca del Hombre-lobo" along with a few other shots. I found the movie to be very entertaining, although there were some problems with the version of Front Row Entertainment. Such as the obvious cut (Although some stories may be due to the director's lack of continuity) God knows what is ignored - I may try to use the uncut version in the future in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a picture. The combination of ancient Naschy with fun experiences, but it should be a lot better and probably not a great introduction.
