I don't have a straightforward idea that (Bert I. Gordon, the director, not the rapper who was killed), still works in the 80s! I always assumed that "The Empire of the Ants", which has no skill, immensely stands in his final success in the horror genre. But that was before my dirty little hand stumbled upon the ancient and dusty VHS copy of "The Coming" from the movie The Witch that turned out to be a delightful surprise, more or less! What started with the story in the atmosphere of the late Dark Ages soon became nonsense when villagers in 1692 moved to the present day mysteriously to become Salum, Massachusetts. And immediately attacked women in the history museum As you can see, this girl is the birth of Ann Putman, who was a true evil girl in 1692 and was more than twenty false accusations of practicing spells which led to the execution of the male state. Loreen attacks, loses his wife and daughter and wants revenge beyond maturity. But the poor Loreen, who is more than three centuries old, is just a pure schoolboy? Or she? "Burned at the Stake" unfolds like a mixture of "The Exorcist" and "Witchfinder General" along with "The Time Machine". Let's go to Bert! The plot became stupid and felt more and more with a new twist every time. But at least it has never surpassed the complete boredom, as often in other contemporary spells like "The Dunwich Horror" and "The Devonsville Terror". The movie jumps between the events of the present day and events. In the year 1692; Which makes it quite fun and fast. Ann Putman's girl is a charming character reminiscent of the character Abigail Williams in the drama "Crucible", which is more commonly known (images from Winona Ryder in the 1996 movie). A few cold deaths, such as a teacher in the cemetery or a journalist in a library made by an exalted demon who made a treaty with Ann Putman and perhaps even a demon himself This movie is quite a jerk and totally ridiculous at the end. But overall there is a wonderful fun In addition, at least you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that he created some governance capabilities over the past several years.
