I've seen thousands of movies and have never written reviews yet, but the Red Eye I saw was a controversial tribute to the glow posted here, which I was forced to offer two cents in protest and vote. The lowest score possible To bring the average close to reality. <br /> <br /> This is a boring and boring film for critics that represents the terrorist goal. (Diplomat John Bolton - knight, knight who is really good, you don't know) and from Dr. Phil, who is handsome and popular (There is one best-selling book that has been read by frequent flyers around the world.) The only true red eye I find is from an unbelievable eye rub. <br /> <br /> Before you Will split $ 10 or more for this B movie, read 'quotes (From the example) 'above and asked Yourself if you are going to enjoy a movie with the most intelligent line to find Unfortunately, nothing in this movie is better than this. The basic evidence is as stupid as hell. The show was polite and did not receive a lack of chemical feedback / complete antagonism; The potential for suspicion has been hampered in every turn, except for the last five minutes, by poor directors and anticipated corrections. The script is full of inconsistencies, such as: revealing the beginning of the heroine as an actor. Lacrosse University has been asked questions when she later fights with enemies in a stick hockey stick; And the plot hole is wider than the first class (While developing the character as a coach strictly) <br /> <br /> And then there were many laughing moments, such as when the daughter of a high-ranking government official didn't head straight. For the safety of the airport on her first opportunity to remind them of the plans to assassinate both the Homeland Security Division and her father Or when the same woman runs the leather to follow the airport's linoleum, the plunger arm and the veins on the neck, while wearing a 4 inch stiletto heel or when her followers chase, as well as the trauma in his trachea Or when the terrorists use a fishing pole to lift weapons from the bottom of the dilapidated bay I am always happy to suspend unbelief. But I won't jump from 30,00 feet without a parachute. <br /> <br /> One good thing I can say in this movie is that it shows talented women (even in the form of Brain) in dealing with the most severe emergencies - the type of sexual photography that is not very much in American movies In addition, this movie never stops and there is nothing more exciting than red-eye flights from Boston to New York. Remember the last time you were deceived by fraudulent trailers and tribute that sparked in this forum or elsewhere? This is one time waiting for the Red Eye video and don't watch it as well.
