Wes Craven You're laughing ... at our expense. The plot of red eyes is unusual ... We face a man who spent 8 weeks watching a girl, then appeared at the airport behind her, flirt and chat. You with success Two seating areas that are not in the middle of the fifth seat (Contact when checking in?) And cheezily is good during the creation of painful clutter Then, when going up in the air in a confined space surrounded by strangers, he immediately began to threaten empty space if he had high performance. Rachel McAdams and said 'We have a father doing what I say or pop.' Okay, forgive me. But they did not prepare her father for killing you better than oughta long before she stepped on the plane and so it would not be so. Oh, it's easier to take the gal out of the road. And threatening her in a room somewhere, forgetting about the complicated and unstable father, pulling her nails out or whatever, until she wants all the important 'calls'? Or even - because this is a movie and we need a real twist - keep your father's stuff in the original condition if you want But dressed better in order to catch him in the right way Some feelings without stupid planes? Another option without wanting to sound like a terrorist thinks the killer - a larger tank that is easier to use is to say that cars driving along the highway with internal politicians instead of 50 stories of Miami seaside hotels from the ship fish (In your heart, as we know, security in Miami is lax, so they will be faster.) I know that I know more and more to look at a beautiful girl for 8 weeks. She steals his purse. (Where either - the star-style style of the journey - immediately received transportation from Miami to Texas) took her to arrange for politicians to change the hotel room and ... May be wrong here. Each person destroys all big plans, so why not make some elements as less wise as as-1. bazooka 2. Cars 3. Boom! Driving home from my 50-minute movie theater takes time to focus on many flaws and twisting the fish neck. -Hitchcockian Which is sad is the best fun of all sorry experiences And for safety at the airport, Miami ... We saw that crazy and crazy girls ran out of the plane, chased by the police, which, during the chase, sat down to drink coffee, moved elsewhere to Read the magazine at the bar. Working again madly up and down the whole building ... by now being chased by Cillian Murphy that is crazy (no CCTV? - I had a gun pulled at me to park in the wrong place 10 seconds at the airport Miami two years ago), so instead of talking to the police - her partner - or sounding the wind blowing the box to receive a direct call to her father In order to remind him that his life was in danger, McAdams preferred instead of stealing the public service from the family in the airport. Call the curse security ...) and drive home to the father, cut the assassins with a vehicle in the front garden of the house in a neighborhood where people watch the rich and crush the front porch in the process-action Actually a little Woke up from an afternoon nap after about a minute But in any way, failing to register with a neighbor who is not curious, so confident that he will hide for another 15 minutes and seek shenanigans while they run around the vast Hollodeck house .. Dohhh. To think about it all - Cillian (of course, change the name Silly 'un for doing this?) Preposterously Change from an ice killer to a foolish killer in the end, in theory, ruthless, illogical. This human life owes to letting the father live so that he can see his daughter making her goose cooked. I should stop because the flow of drift I write here will not sound like the Red Eye script. If Ms McAdams is not allowed to board the plane at first, the name may change from 'Red Eye' to ' No Eye, Dear 'RR
