There are moments in the unique cartoon of pure beauty. But overall it's not that good. Animation that is limited, including standard characters and background designs, will limit the attractiveness of many markets. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney's Kim Possible. (Brendan, the main character in this story, is also similar to Ron Stoppable in Kim Possible.) The background design is wide and far. Gentle and depressing in style and stark But according to the standards of today, the overall picture is still bad and cheap. Many scenes are similar to the animations of Eastern Europe or Nordic in the mid-80s, which are in their own way. But for modern young audiences, it is used to compose CG CG images and dogs speak with every piece of hair Of course it will disappoint. The story is not attractive, and many voice actors are not too impressed. Brendan Gleeson, who is always talking about his phone. In addition, there are a few secondary characters that meet the ancient ideas and racism. However, some characters are good, the Viking villain, though not fully functional, is well done and has a premonition in both appearance and sound. There was a period of time involving the main character and his counselors were rescued by Wolves from the attacks of the Viking who gathered together well. The look and feel seemed to have been highly inspired by the Watership Down movie, including tearing / showing respect for the Ghost Rabbit of Inlay. The look was also inspired by the art of Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon. Clear and clear, so if you enter these subjects The film also has a period of well-structured images that bring visions in a highly artistic manner, including beautiful pairings and large, impressive and impressive Viking attacks. The best of all is the melodious and moving background music, especially the songs of beautiful and haunted soul girls and works well with comprehensive images. If this movie is a poem at the moment (and tried), this movie will be a beautiful film and a sad poem that still can't reach a wide audience. But instead of being ashamed The audience because most are average and cheap and do not match the modern animation standards. Overall, the movie that clearly separates my opinion into many, but it's not all that good. But it's worth it to watch music and songs and moments that are beautiful or scary Oh yes, and the cat seemed to live for a long time, not sure if it was possible.
