Chris Rock deserves more than he gave in "Down To Earth" directed by Chris & Paul Weitz brothers from the reputation of "American Pie", creating an unknown battleground of the fantasy "Heaven Can Wait". Warren Beatty in 1978. This is a new style of 1941 "Here Comes Mr. Jordan". No rude humor. Rock an Emmy for his first special HBO. Predicted that he spilled swearing words from A to Z, but he avoided the word F. Anyone who saw this talented African-American cartoon in "Lethal Weapon 4," "Dogma" or "Nurse Betty "Knowing that he was able to stimulate more laughter with the word F-word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy. Sadly, despite the single flair," Down To Earth "was also hit by deep rock music as an actor. Planned jokes and love stories that <br /> <br /> "Down to earth" destroys any brothers and sisters, created by making their place of "American Pie" drift. This cast has the same qualities as a comedy that is confusing and funny with the unbelievable romance of color blind people. Unfortunately, more talented actors "The Full Monty's" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri from "Analyze This," "SCTV's" Eugene Levy and newcomer Brian Rhodes are Charles Wellington, Jr.? With feet complete role Hardcore rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedians by trying to fix something that never lacks Abysmally, written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK, and Rock "to the ground. Clay "released Chris as a messenger who rides a bicycle every day in the Big Apple and was booed at the stage at night in the famous Apollo Theater of Harlem Ponce Lance Barton (Kris Aok) must suffer from severe fear However, his charity manager, Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison from "Hannibal"), stuck with him through thick and thin. After Lance learns that Apollo Theater will hold the last night of the final event, he asks Whitney to bring him to the line. Sorry, but if Lance is this deadly cartoon, why is Apollo? Invite him back? At the same time, fate has other things stored for Lance. While biking back home, our protagonist saw the beautiful woman Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire") across the road, but he didn't see the bus that hit him and killed him. Lance Barton floated into the sky with a halo around his head. In a paradise that resembles a nightclub, Lance Cruises knows that the noble angel Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy of "Stay Tuned") has scheduled his death 40 years ahead of schedule. <br /> <br /> Heaven Honcho Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri from "Analyze this") God's right-hand man apologizes and lances back to the world. The hurdle is that Lance cannot retrieve his corpse, so he must live in another body. The best thing that Mr. Keyes can do is the brutal Charles Tycoon, 60 years old. Amber, the unorthodox wife of Wellington. (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and his immoral personal assistant, Winston (Gregg Mann of "Sweet November") recently tried to poison him. Unwillingly, before Wellington's body disappeared, Lance admitted that he was a conditional lender until Keyes could find a more suitable position. At the same time, Lance-as-Wellington met Sontee again. She was a nurse activist who protested his decision to privatize Brooklyn Community Hospital that served the poor. While Regina King brings her special talents to her role as a health care worker at war with her, she plays the character through a credible motivation in her business with Vail. Lington Although he is no longer a black person, Lance not only But trying to find Sontee only, but also winning a live performance at Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down To Earth" has a rock in his most bizarre role. The reason for the comedy that makes this movie look suspicious According to news reports, he had lunch with Warren Beatty and told Betty that he loved the original script that Elaine May had written for Betty. Initially, Betty tried to trick himself into returning to his own version by trying to recruit Muhammad Ali in the title role. "Heaven can wait." The deal fails and Betty headlines his own movie. According to his co-author Rock for a long time and he thinks they can 'destroy' this classic He also proved that he chose "Heaven Can Wait" according to his philosophy of "Doing something you can do when you're hot" Previously, Rock denied a script about a rapper bus because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image of the outing. As a lifeless comedian in "Down to the ground" Rock didn't stretch his image a lot when he turned the image to the worst! The concert film that has been known in the second half with an annoying plot, has created a reputation for his cartoon as much as Weitz Brothers! You know that a movie about a comedian is in a terrifying strait when playing scenes at a nightclub, so you can't hear the jokes, only laughter. Likewise, Mark Addie's casting as Queen Wellington's English-speaking waiter But in reality, ordinary people from Michigan challenged logic as well. Addy is a true Englishman and he doesn't have to speak a fake accent. His accent is genuine. The main uncertainty of "Down to Earth" is to switch back and forth again, like the look of the characters created, so Chris Rock doesn't get out of sight for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spent half the movie as a white man in Wellington But the audience saw that he was mostly Lance, cut comic, amused in bald head, white caucasian, ego, humorous ghetto shows and bad hip hop songs. Unbelievably, Rock performed twice as a filmmaker and one of four writers. The mystery is how many talents can crush the jokes that are confused and puzzled. About the only award-winning feature of "Down to Earth" is Jamshied Sharifi's excellent orchestral score.
