An empty examination is one of the movies for children that seems to be a great thriller for children, but it turns out that a house that is tired alone without paying a dime. Quigley is a recently escaped criminal. From prison and receiving millions of dollars from the big score. Then we met Preston, a frustrated boy whose brother was in the room to run the business and saw. It is clear that Dad did better with the brothers because they made money. On the same day, he went to the children's birthday party, and because his father was a cheap child, he rode a small child while the other boy went on a roller coaster. Then he received a birthday card and checked 11 coins that the family. How cheap is this? So he went to the bank to open an account and met Shea Stanley, the beauty that her parents were fans with? He knew that he needed 200 to open an account while Quigley gave millions of his bankers friends and found that the banknotes were marked, so he would send the name of the lazy man to buy unmarked items. When Preston left his bike Was about to write a check when he saw the police and bolted home. His parents scolded him about the bike that had been caught and was obscured. Their children almost ran out and they worried about the bike? So Preston examined one million dollars through his computer and came back to take him to the bank, thinking that he was a juice. He gave money to Preston. But the juice actually came and knew that they were caught by children! So Preston bought a mansion under the name of McIntosh, received a limousine driver who said it was not funny and had a great shopping fun. Then he saw Shea and talked about opening a child account that you loaded and you. Talking about opening an account We soon realized that Shea was an FBI agent who followed Quigley and his two accomplices. He then told his precious father that he had worked for Mr. McIntosh and spent the day. Go with a kart driving game. He's dating Chia in a luxury restaurant, something that is 10 years old and eating 20 FBI agents? After that, he took her to the hot spring on the road and played in the messing up of Shea's 300 dollars, but she did it well if this was true that she would slap him to make the expensive set of She, Quigley and others, a small child and rushed to the beanstalk and Preston was chased by Quigley in the scene taken from the original script, and after that he held a birthday party for Mr. McIntosh. Which is his birthday Ring when he discovered that he could not pay for the party. The chair and father spoke to MacIntosh, which he didn't know that it was his son he was talking about and said about Preston. Should be a real child and have all his childhood in front of him and want Preston to go home first. Hours ago, you're grilling him about his finances! So Preston asked everyone to go out and sit alone, pondering when Quigley and the others broke into the house to pay Preston and so he faced him at the end, tearing away from the house alone. Wickley revolves around the water. The kart gets a concussion and more comedy performances until the trio gets Preston's corner, and when it looks like all the hopes are gone, Shea and a group of people Swat came to rescue the whole day. Quigley and his crew were sent to prison. Any hope for Preston and Shea has and she kisses him on the lips. What? What? What? The older woman kisses the child in the mouth. Are you a mentally disabled person? I mean the FBI representative who knows that the laws of the country are risking her career to kiss children. She can be caught immediately! And the most creepy part is not being a donkey and she will see him in the next 6 or 7 years! Oh dear, then he came back home to celebrate his birthday so that the moral of the story is love and respect can buy? What are they smoking? The bottom line is that it is a waste of time that morals are languishing. It is flat as a tortilla. The child is annoying. The villain is lame, cartoon, relief, not funny. Brothers who don't like dads are worse. of The only saving and shallow grace is the movie from the Pope, Bill, who has taken the tri-rider and two Spider-Man movies, so people don't have to spend money and go home alone instead. <br /> <br /> This is a review of Samuel Franco.
