For anyone who loves a movie that can be predicted by a scary soundtrack, lack of dialogue, lament of the dialogue and map style, is a common theme in American DreamWorks movies. Or would like to create a National Geographic animation episode, in any way they succeed in presenting movies that are quite boring and boring Title Spirit: Stallion of Cimarron Festival is boring, which sends a signal to young and old, rich and yet fails to entertain even the human animal prevail. After looking at the wonderful animation, what you are left with is nothing but a mess. <br /> <br /> The spirit is about a horse, since the beginning of the film seems to be quite full. By hand Unable to tame, calm and uncontrollable For this reason he rose up and became the leader of a lively horse group, including his mother. But his free life and the run-off suddenly stopped because a group of Americans were arrested in the process of connecting the Wild West to the rest of the country. In this spirit (Never actually named throughout the film almost) befriending brave Native Americans and female horses, friends, and still have a lot of work with people who mock and brutal forces that do not believe in surrender. <br /> <br /> Why movies must mix computer animation with traditional It came out quite as a net. Something that Spirited Away suffered as well. The best example is when the train is following the spirit. You see a hand-drawn spirit working from a computer train. It will look better if it is either. But not both If you can't really pull out the good effects The famous dance sequence of Beauty and The Beast uses computer animation. But nowhere near the train or snow in this movie The opening sequence is the best part of the movie. It's a sad story to see the rest of the movie scrolling down a bit in terms of quality. Small scenes have many scenes; I mean many similar images of the common and annoying people in my mind. <br /> <br /> Kids may enjoy this flick. But lacking talk, music and motivation, it may be perfect Techniques to make hyper children fall asleep while Disney has been criticized by their musicals. They end up providing more entertainment than realistic methods in telling this story. Brian Adams has no place in this movie and why Hans Zimmer is far from using the western theme in this film when it is a story that takes place in Old West? The soundtrack is closed if you ask me. At least they used the same sound of two horses for that matter. But if you refrain from speaking horses, why are the storytellers interrupted frequently, the main characters themselves? <br /> <br /> Native Americans are good people and Westerners. People are wicked people, native killings, torture of horses, gangster, mobster who must be destroyed. More or less, this is what the spirit shows us. It came to the point that they tried hard to make the audience hate the Wild West travelers; They have scenes of many horses pulling a large train onto the hill and another scene of them destroying all the native villages. Now, the friendly spirit has happened to betray him more than once. But the forgotten thing seems to be because he is not a soldier. Or because he has a sassy female horse. <br /> <br /> The spirit is not the real victim we should regret. The audience should be sympathetic to the spirit, even though he is at risk of being a horse. The whole group is at risk of disaster and may result in death outside the screen that is quickly pushed out because no soul is suffering. This film is quite rhythmic, as we see in many times that the soul fled from the chain, kicking around people, destroying property, releasing horses and then being caught again --- all in the same order as well. The writers seem to have a passion for the cliffs because they sprinkle around the movie; For the movie Old West, they have very little space. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This is definitely the most Disney movie due to the fact that it's a bad thing, even if it's anything. They are aiming So instead of a typical musical, we get boring movies that can be predictable, boring and slow. In many cases, even the right animation is inconsistent when the computer work is throwing everything about this movie. abnormal From the ideal that non-native Americans turned into evil buffs to soundtracks and music scores that seemed far away. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which is not closely related to Old West, has a more Western feel than this movie. Do yourself a favor and skip all this by all necessary methods. Thank you.
