It's a good thing to see Like Oliver Stone, Brian De Pama, Al Pacino, and even Michel Pfaffer to create garbage in one movie theater. It is good to see the rich and 'Successful' wasting time making the most memorable, repetitive and pathetic movies of all time. This film shows the worst of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is this? It depends on the true story. They started by biting the basic news and facts that they read from the United States today. But then the movie went on to the fantasy world and Cuban refugees would do it in America's subculture of drugs. Like cocaine on a rock Is it a movie about Cuba or Cuba? For my life, I do not believe that there is a single Cuba in this film. The accent is completely fake and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for the Midwest American values. The whole scene seems to have something from the Dick Van Dyke program. This movie is about Miami, right? Looks like Ann. Will transfer in Florida afterall palm trees, palm trees This is a love novel. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is very clear from receiving and it is not possible to have the possibility that these two characters will be interested in each other. Is this a medicine movie? There is no problem of obsession or addiction. The behavior of the actors after Coke is nothing different from them drinking water. It is accepted that the performance is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's go. The music is disgusting and it sounds like a Latin elevator song or something from Lawrence Welk's performance. I think I heard the pattern. The operation of the camera is too moving and there are more cranes than ever. Obviously, the shooting budget is too much. The sound is bleached in a number of points and it seems that the dialogue is carried out in the warehouse. Scary writing This is one of the movies that the script writes itself. You are dragged from one conversation to the next chapter. Each scene has a plot like a brick sack. <br /> <br /> So I will ask, It may have been a two-and-a-half hour series of drama series. But at least the drama series has some interest Maybe it's just a scene that doesn't show well. Whether it's a movie or not, it's nonsense.
