With this spoiler, <br /> <br /> I almost never saw an unbelievable movie like it was. And being a Frenchman, is it deeply trying to be a mystery? Nothing is reasonable. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and recently announced breakfast to his family that he is HIV-infected. Marcel, the youngest brother, has not come down for breakfast and the first thing the family does is Decided that when he was 12 years old, he was too young to be told Maybe if he was four or five, but twelve things that were unbelievable, the first was that the family didn't ask where he would be infected or how long he knew? Nothing asks them to worry about discovering Marcel only. This is a family in a province that is very close. But even though they decided not to let Marcel know about Léo's HIV positive status or the truth of his being gay Do you know how many families whose parents / siblings do not react at least to one member, declare that he is gay? There's nothing here. <br /> <br /> Léo decided he had to go to Paris to see his old lover. And he decided to travel with Marcel in everyone Do you know someone who will take his brother to meet a lover? Again, completely unbelievable, especially since Marcel should not know his medical problems or his homosexuality. If this is the way the family decides to let him discover it is cruel and unbelievable again. <br /> <br /> Léo goes to find his lover, Aymeric, at his office in the Paris bar. The owner said that Aymeric would not be there until the evening. But why Le wanted to see him at work Why not call and meet him somewhere that is more personal than they can actually talk? Why not go see him at his house? But no, Léo appeared the next day (with Marcel's trailer) and was surprised when Aymeric not only placed everything to walk with him for 5 minutes, Aymeric told him that he was no longer busy. Léo did not answer any of his letters. Léo said "But I love you". Then departed, but if he loved Aymeric, at least he would not tell him about his HIV status in order to warn. He tests and may Playback dose? Is this the least that he can do? But not peep He went out and didn't warn Aymeric that he might be infected with the AIDS virus. Is this all his responsibility? And of the filmmakers; Obviously, this film was created for French TV series for young people? It is a perfect way to show children how to take responsibility, not here ?? I guess "everyone for myself" is still a French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of this film that is unbelievable is the "touch" aspect. Everyone is always leaning on someone or kissing someone. Within the family and outside the family I have never seen anyone in France like this person, do not think much of the whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, one 17-year-old brother, his legs sticking on the lap of his brother and the brother is hugging his legs while everyone is sitting talking about something. How many siblings do you know who is close? In another scene, the same 17 year old came into Marcel's room to ask, "What are you insomnia, right?" Then take off his clothes and then naked, go to bed with his brother. They are lovers This scene and other similar scenes between Léo and Marcel give a feeling of sexiness to the movie. Sorry again, I do not believe that this is normal behavior between brothers and sisters. <br /> <br /> The only thing I can say about this movie is that every actor is quite good ?? Especially Marcel in the main role, but is it not enough? HIV and AIDS are too serious to show in an ambiguous and irresponsible place. At the end of the movie, the family went to the cemetery to bury Léo. But again Marcel was left from it ?? He was left in the care of his cousin (I think). However, he stalked and watched the body from a distance. Is this something that a close family like this will do? It is impossible that they will not include him in the brother's funeral. It was the last scene of the movie and it was the last straw for this audience.
