Recently, the TV show dating in the United States has entered a period of fever since the first episode of "The Bachelor". Unsuspecting viewers have been cloned and countless variations, including "The Bachelorette "," Joe Millionaire "," For Love Or Money "and the operator "Married by America" ​​hopes to receive money in this trend, and at the same time, tap and take advantage of the new demographic. Bravo frees the vicious "Boy Meets Boy" around the world. And ask them to be merciful to all of us. <br /> <br /> The evidence is simple and designed to have a light mind: Qualified gay men are courted by a number of spouses, but with half twists. One of the men is really straightforward. This is not a big deal. But the viciousness of the situation began after hearing the pay: if at the end of the show, a gay man took a straight man, disguised as a straight man, won a cash prize. Receiving a few gifts on the back and around "You are not shy, thank you very much for playing!" <br /> <br /> Just like the painful "Queer Eye for The Straight Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of the picture. The combination of running rampant What makes it even worse is the fact that straight men play these patterns with cash. This producer believes that all you have to do is put the hair gel in the men's hair, dress up in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer sandals, pull the shape and fat hair and voila! It is equivalent to a gay man who took a white actor to a blackface and is disgusting for us - like himself - who is truly gay and does not dress / act like that. It means that gay has no difference or opportunity for Individuality that they cannot behave like real people can only form It doesn't matter. The fact that the bank of spouses lacks a great variety. Most of them are white and all look too polished and clean. <br /> <br /> This is another example of how instead of encouraging gay men to be able to change and change. Hollywood Has acted as a pattern again and ran to the bank I felt truly dirty to watch this program while showing that any gay man saw an unabashed parade of softcore pornography disguised as a legitimate television 1 of 10.
