I watched the house full when I was young and I couldn't understand why I was doing it. I can't really remember how to enjoy acting. I think I and most Americans who watch this thing are hypnotized with badness. It will put you in a dazed state and will not return. I still have scars. But i try to go further I know it's a family show. But that doesn't mean it will be terrible. The show is a cliché, so every episode ends with "talk" from the father so that everyone's problems disappear. All characters in the list But nasty There is everything you know, clean, obsessed with the obsession, the father you want to punch every time he appears on the screen. Then we have a "rocker" uncle who should look beautiful for mothers who have to watch this shit. We have another uncle who is completely disgusting that impresses Bullwinkle (I want to talk about him more). There is an eldest daughter that cannot be shown and always lament about anything. Then the middle daughter who often said "The rude way!" Everything that everyone has said about finally has a young daughter, Michelle. Don't let me start playing with Michelle. But is a terrifying actor known as The Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity, I think you will be dating her with the devil. She often demands things, trying hard to "cute" to say all the time, "DUH!" And the eyes that make you want to slap her. I am not a big fan of using so much physical abuse to punish children. But in her case I will accept She needs it every day She is the most selfish character that will be introduced to the mainstream television. One example is when her uncle is busy working in the attic. The rest of the children decided to disturb him continuously and demand attention. He yelled at her and she was upset. Poor boy! The rest of the episode responds to her emotional needs, and finally, Uncle apologizes to her. UGGHH! The show will lower your IQ level and destroy your intentions slowly. I was surprised that we didn't hear the news about playing full house in the background when the police found someone who committed suicide. Do yourself a favor and don't watch the show again. You will thank me later
