For the youngest audience to go out there, they may not know who Buster Keaton is, so for this reason, they may not feel almost as sad when watching this movie as I do. I became a silent comedian who saw all the Keaton movies that still exist. Being a big fan of me makes this movie very painful from beginning to end. Because during his quiet time, Keaton was a lively and creative comedian. He is an amazing person in his body and his movies are almost boring. However, in the movement that film historians still feel puzzled at the end of the silent era, Keaton gives his independence and becomes a stock MGM actor rather than a great creative power. Now MGM sees Keaton as just actor But they wrote the script for him without respecting what made him great At first, these movies with MGM were not bad (such as THE CAMERAMAN), but with studio talkies blowing it really - put him in many movies with Jimmy Durante. Durante's humor depends on his talent in Talking and scrubbing On the other hand, Keaton is quiet and based on action. Two different and incompatible actors would be rare. As a result of this serious combination, Keaton created a really scary movie. <br /> <br /> Now, this doesn't mean that speaking easily is a scary movie. No, it's just a passer through time and a very surprised person at that time. In fact, if you go into the movie, assuming it is a funny movie, it may be difficult to make the movie more fun. It is like a drama with a few funny elements, not movies that will create belly laughter, especially with Keaton's fans. <br /> <br /> The film begins in a strange atmosphere. Keaton is chosen. Is a professor in a college that teaches all life He didn't know anything about this world and had a nose stuck in his book. In the strange movement, Keaton's servants convince him to believe that Keaton received $ 750,000 from a dead relative, hoping that this would encourage Keaton to go out and enjoy life. This is an amazingly invented thing. But can work Not so good But can use it. <br /> <br /> Keaton leaves school and travels to New York for fun. On the way he met an incredibly unclean theater theater. Because he didn't know anything about this world, so he didn't realize that they were foul And because he thought he was rich, he decided to take them all to New York to perform on Broadway However, before the show opened, his friends discovered that Keaton was not rich. So they decided not to tell Keaton and try to keep him away from the process server that wants to close the show. They think that if acting is a hit, they can pay off debt and everyone will be happy. However, they forgot that the show was foul. What do they have to do? And Keaton will get a beautiful girl to pick up a gold digger (Telma Todd) or be banned and alone? If you are interested in watching movies, <br /> <br /> For Keaton, he has very little stunts in the movie. But Keaton just quietly walked through that part. There is very little to love about this movie or hate. It's just blah .... when it should have been a heck of a lot better.
