This thing came out during the last breath of the Western type. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a small and totally unsatisfactory effort, even if done by and with veterans on the field! Starting with a proposal, nothing new from a distance: James Byrne escaped from a chain of gangs, intending to kill a man. (Now retired) that made him stay there - Charlton Heston While behind the trap he burns outwits Heston by kidnapping his daughter. (Barbara Hershey) Usually a former lawyer - along with Hershey's greenhorn fiancee (Chris Mitchum) - departs for Coburn and all his followers break into prison with him. <br /> <br /> Instead of dealing with his legal actions, McLaglen used the Sam Peckinpah method, which he never felt comfortable: the characters drove many violence and sexual tension caused by Hershey's presence among the crowd. At the palace Berne's tea. Incidentally, Heston and Coburn had appeared simultaneously in Sam Peckinpah Western - MAJOR DUNDEE with problems (1965; I have to take this issue back on the DVD, but I just installed the drama in a pan-and-scan format outside of TCM UK). (Recommended by title): Then again, both stars paid a fine for most American categories - WILL PENNY (1968) for Heston and Bern with PAT GARRETT and BILLY THE KID (1973)! <Br /> <br /> At least Heston still maintains the dignity of living here - his older character tries to stay ahead of the half-breed Coburn by predicting his next move. what is it However, after having dealt with brutally brutal roles and came into his own climax only (Go back to the time of vengeance by forcing Heston to be a witness for Hershey's rape. In addition to this long sequence, Heston tried to fool Coburn with the trickery borrowed from his EL CID (1961). The evil was trapped in a fire that was triggered by Heston, who trained and drastically killed both of the protagonists (according to his fashion, Heston's death took the form of worthless sacrifice!) <br /> <br /> Supporting actors include Michael Park as an ineffective city sheriff. Jorge Rivero plays the Mexican version of Coburn and Larry Wilcox - from CHiPs TV series! - As the youngest member of the Coburn gang who is tasked to take care of Hershey (While trying his best to keep his friends away from water!) Jerry Goldsmith has helped to increase the flavor. But at the same time there is no score
