First of all, I would like to invite everyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of watching the movie in the same way as Gregory's Girl and the Local Hero. While it is true that the sequel often has a few notable exceptions, and only exists for studio executives to have the opportunity to earn money on the success of previous films by offering. for us The plot line was removed from the original intention, which the film was not appropriate in the case of Gregory's Two Girls. Bill Forsyth had a great honor to deal with both sins - on one side. Can plot Gregory's Girl's story while at the same time providing an incredible storyline Now, Gregory, a schoolboy, is a teacher in the same school, which, at the age of sixteen, has the desire to play football in Dorothy in despair. Although now thirty-five, Gregory still has a desperate desire. But now for playing football, Frances XVI, despite the fact that the music teacher Bale made it clear that she attracted him. His passion for Frances, and his desire to impress his participation in the project, expose local arms dealers to former school mates. There are no issues that will go beyond this, because the rest of the story is forgotten and the ending has no reason. The main problem is that the character of Gregory himself, in that there is no sign of love and charm. Sixteen years, Gregory is an enthusiastic and humorous seeking Dorothy, believing that he will eventually win her. At thirty-five, Gregory was presented to us as a rather sad and friendly animal whose life was not moving or funny. Outside of working hours, he spent time watching videos of Noam Chomsky and reading magazines about international injustice. As a friend and family from his previous film, he disappeared and recorded two pointless scenes with his sister who didn't give him any advice anymore, or it seems that everyone is interested in his life. Was confused with what Gregory wanted He is and why he is the way he is. Why, for example, is he friendly? Why didn't he ever see his father who was still alive? Why did he go back to teach at the school he had attended? Why is he interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why is he so indifferent? Why did he attract Frances? Why doesn't he care about Bel until the last twenty minutes of the movie? Bel or Frances, what is the name in heaven seen in him while he does not leave beauty or interest? Why did he still try and impress Frances even after he and Bel became objects and when their association threatened to completely destroy his life? Will we really believe whether or not the Scottish arms dealers reveal arms sales, torture for openly authoritarian regimes can be managed to avoid media monitoring? Gregory thinks that leaving one handful of computers in the sea will change? In order to make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tried to improve his performance as a teenager Gregory until facial expressions and awkward body language. Unfortunately, at the age of thirty-five years, it was just a strange and creepy encounter. Moreover, it is difficult to feel sympathetic or sympathetic to a teacher who has a sexual dream with a student wearing a school uniform while they are lying on the gym mat. Instead of being fun, it's just indecent. It's hard to know what happened to Bill Forsyth's head when he wrote this chapter or why he thought the original movie fans would embrace a story that lacked charm, intelligence and warmth that made the movie. The first story became a classic. I can conclude that the plan is to create a movie about a man who refuses to grow and bind to adult life, and perhaps the happiest memories are sixteen and looking for women. Which looks best in school Accepting that life in the past has no life at all, at least it may be the basis of an interesting and intelligent movie. As Gregory's two daughters increased by 116 minutes, wasted and pointless, without saying anything and showing less. Gregory's Girl is responsible for the launch of Bill Forsyth's career. Two Girls will not be responsible for sinking.
