In the days before the blood and sex came, the true horror movie was created. Castle of Blood was one of the best evaluators, although other investigators gave a mixed score in a strange manner. It reminded the latest The Other. Which was in the cinema a couple of years ago. <br /> <br /> Director Antonio Margheriti, the new producer of his own image in 1970, named it at this time. The spider's web (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno ) Why did he Do this even if I do not understand the creator Anthony Francis chain and Klaus Kowalski's addicts rebuilt and is good in itself. Maybe he saw a good story and wanted to adapt to the American audience. I don't really know It is interesting that he made a prototype in black and white and created a new color. <br /> <br /> The Castle of Blood is great in Italian Gothic style. La Danza Macabra is said to be a work that has not been beaten. Printed by Edgar Allen Poe, who appeared in this film Pau and Lord Blackwood, the owners of the Haunted Castle, starring Alan Foster, American writer (George Riviera) that he could not live all his soul in the castle and survive. Foster accepts enthusiastic bets. But soon regretted because he was a witness to the murder done by ghosts It seems that the ghost will come to life again every few years. But doomed to legislate the crimes they commit in life Lord Blackwood forgot to tell Foster comfortably that his blood was necessary for them to continue their resurrection in All Souls Night! <br /> <br /> Don't use Foster and Elisabeth Blackwood, beautiful (played by Barbara Steel, incomparable) to fall in love, even if their love is doomed because Elizabeth is One ghost I will not end it, but will say that Castle of Blood is a romantic tragedy because it is a horror story. <br /> <br /> This movie comment has a great atmosphere, even according to the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is that they make horror movies better than anyone else, and the filming of black and white is quite dim. In fairness, the spider's website can be used in its own right, even with more colors and brightness. I like the continuous shot, what most modern directors don't tolerate. In fact, when Alan entered the castle of time, for the first time, we were treated to him for several minutes without doing anything except surfing around from one room to another. Fear and unrest created. On his face and posture By the time the first ghost appears, the audience will be prepared and ready. There is a wonderful conversation between Alan and some ghosts that are not often done in standard ghost stories. In addition, there are memorable scenes that are well seen for Elisabeth's "murder" movies and dance scenes. (Reminiscent of the dance of ghouls similar in 1962's Carnival of Souls) is a particularly good story. <br /> <br /> Sadly, a few general audiences will hear, the movie this. That is a shame because this image is a cut from the rest. I received a copy from Sinister Cinema and I am not sure if I can buy it elsewhere. For those interested in this category, it is a must see.
