Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller, with the idea that the AIDS virus was a mutant sheep virus by the government to rid the world of gays and was clearly tested on prisoners over the years before the spread. If not because of the pain of the concept of the film, it will fall into the category of many movies about destruction. <br /> <br /> Tom Wlaschiha travels from Berlin to San Francisco to check his father's scientific support. His concerns about the sheep virus that occurred and the effects of the detention of the detainee He met with contempt and against the theory of death. But faced with those who knew the theory and supported his investigation Along with his many ongoing murders, each victim was killed in a similar manner and each murder had a song from Puccini's 'Turandot' opera, which was recently released in San Francisco. Goo operatives, police detective Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and Kalene Parker follow the murder, while Stefan makes a sex club and bar in San Francisco trying to find a man who may be a guinea pig. Dor Of his father He meets Jeffrey (Jim Talman), a young boy with a cat and a mouse, attracted and Dr. Burroughs. (Richard Conti), a famous person who seems to be involved in a strange suspect How did this whole story come to an end? Playing this movie is a story about finding your own identity between Stefan and Jeffery, as it is a murder investigation case. <br /> <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha Jim Thalman and Richard Conti do well with their roles. (They are the only three people who have experienced acting before in this movie!) The quality of the film received the attention of Irit Levy and Kaylene Parker. Minimal. Check the reliability of the story down below zero. There is a small pendant from other actors that makes the screen brighter during the time they live. But in every movie will drown with the continuous replay of 'Nessun dorma' sung by Mario del Monaco from the opera recording - and it seems As a reason for making movies! Good ideas for movies and good character performances from actors But without the resolution of the starting place that started the whole thing Grady Harp, February 06
