The plot of "Astronuat returned to the world as a mutant monster" died in 1950. Most of it is scientific fact that traveling outside the Earth's orbit is not human, causing mutated monsters. And the first film that uses this plot, the story of THE QUATERMASS EXPERIMENT, is the only sci-fi movie to use this idea. Therefore, the idea of ​​having a repetitive plot return seems to be on the agenda from the beginning. Alas, look at the incredibly melting people. It seems that the plot has the least problems. <br /> <br /> First of all, this is an incredibly created movie. The budget is in one form and I'm talking about Lira, not the dollar. There are no movies to talk about and there are countless mistakes in corrections. For example, a photographer uses his model (legally) to take pictures, cut the image that the sun is behind the model, then cut into the photograph of the photographer the sun is behind him, then cut back to the model. The sun is on ... <br /> <br /> The lack of budget to drag movies into other areas as well. On the front of the matter is not very low budget. Astronaut Steve West said that Saturn looks just beautiful, so we shot the sun. In fact, the sun gave the most impressive performance in this film because human actors would not be employed by a porn studio. If I appeared in this story, I would not be afraid of a monster with this bar - I would be afraid of debris from the rest of the actors. Maybe we should forgive a little because of the lack of a clear budget, appearing in things such as actors to wear their own clothes For example, in general, he didn't wear his good fancy dress with a medal - he wore a denim jacket and a baseball cap. <br /> <br /> There must be an unbelief for this movie. But it failed at all levels. The tone was set in the beginning of the movie in which Melty killed the nurse and escaped from the hospital. Instead of being a police officer who received a phone call saying that there was a murder. Dr. Nelson recently decided to follow the patient himself, just as he looked for the missing cat. It is strange that the monster that has been decayed for a fine example can walk down the road without being noticed. But this is normal for movies that are 70 years old. Stop their cars on the dark streets for express drivers and people who don't mention their wives. The police with a monster on the loose <br /> <br /> Incredible melting people are Z-grade garbage. I can clearly understand why people like this movie because it reaches its peak. "It's terrible. It's good." But apart from Rick Baker's impressive makeup, sometimes it is nothing more than a very miserable happiness.
