With the exception of about 10 minutes sublime with HB Warner on the sky train, this is 94 minutes of the horrors caused by the jaw! The show was cruel. But the story is something that I find really scary. The show is made of wood and is teased, even though it is a standard for premature speakers. (The exception is Lee Tracy and HB Warner. Nobody can do wrong.) Rose Hobart is horrible and lifeless like Julie. (Just as she had been in Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde in 1932) and the rest of the actors were worse. No words describe their horror. <br /> <br /> Worse than show But as the story, Julie loves Liliom, the user and the woman who has no redemption properties for reasons unknown He is married to Julie. But did not support her instead of lying in bed all day or going out with a low-aged criminal friend (Lee Tracy) and yes, he never said anything to Julie and he always won her regularly Julie continued to love him continuously and justified him, which seemed to make him more insulting. The thing that hurt me is that this film presents us with this story as a love story. In any way, we should see that Julie is an honorable character who loves pure love. Liliom WTF? <br /> <br /> One third of this movie occurred after Liliom committed suicide. And Liliom hurled the knife to himself instead of being taken by the police) while he was dying, he told Julie that "I win you all the time But I didn't regret it. "Finally, when he finally died, she told him that she loved him. (Both the characters never say "I love you" to others while they are still alive). After his death, the Chief Justice of God gives Liliom another day on this planet so he can. "Doing good things". This price is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom has been allowed to stay on the planet for one day to see his 10-year-old daughter now. He approached her in the yard of her house and tried to convince her to let him "do something good" for her; He tried to take her to play cards. He tried to give Gabriel's him. But she doesn't care and prohibits him So he slapped her. He slapped her. Then he disappeared into the afterlife. Looking at us, seeing his daughter telling Julie about it. The girl said that the slap was not hurt as it felt like kissing. This should be a magical time for movies. The woman asked her mother if it was possible and Julie replied that "Someone can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you." Then the music rang and Li Lee went up to heaven in the Blech celestial train! <br /> <br /> There is one saving grace for this film and that is the interview between the Chief Justice (HB Warner is really great here) and Liliom on the celestial train. The judge has something very profound to say to Lili about life and the second opportunity and death. This scene made me score this from 1 to 2 stars about Liliom's suicide as a way to solve his problems. The judge said "People think that when they die, their hardship ends. For them, you think suicide, you will cancel all your responsibilities. In your world, your name still speaks. Your face still remembers as long as there are people left to remember you, as long as the story is not resolved until you are completely forgotten. You will not end the world even if you die. "Something wonderful, wonderful in the most terrible trash I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> However, this story has been filmed many times as" Liliom "and as a musician" Carousel ".
