Universal's answer to "The Exorcist" is not a very good answer. Unfortunately, this film presents an unbelievable direction from Michael Winner that has made the actor stand out with a large screenplay. No need to talk about it, so stupid that he never explained some important elements in this story. <br /> <br /> Christina Rain's model moved to the tall building of the Catholic Church with John Caleb. Poorer Always there in the window She began to experience faint spellings and nausea. The worse thing was the tenant she found in the building, such as Burgesses Meredith (with cats and canaries!) And Beverly Dong Angelo's girls. Ava Gardner (looks good at 55) is a Realtor that shows Rain's place. Christina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "Committed suicide" after discovering that they are related Jose Ferrer played a small role as the "priest of the Brotherhood" that prompted the grace of Arthur Kennedy to be careful as he headed to the high-rise building. But is the residence of Carradine only Saranon sent a mercenary to the tall building one night to check out some of the rooms above Cristina's apartment where she heard the loudest metal ground and the famous racquet. He winded his death the same night that Christina "killed" her father died in a nightmare Christina screamed madly on the road, causing police detective Eli Wallach and Christopher Walken to check them with confidence that everything will be brought back to Saran. Don, a lawyer Court about the suicide of all wives Such cases are the factors that inspire Wallach's approach in finding out whether there is blood in Cristina or not and Sarandon is involved in this matter. Do you have Martin Balsam as a teacher who understands this Latin Latin type? Understand and unpaid actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a guy interested in this room in the room) Cristina, who was once in! What disturbs me more than anything else is the lack of explanation. At the end of the movie, Wallach and Walken were forgotten and we wondered why they came out and stopped the investigation. Their characters were left at the back-burner. How did the priest know that "It's time," when a man died and had to be replaced to protect the high-rise doors and why Christina had to suffer from injuries she didn't explain adequately. Some ghosts appeared to Cristina and disappeared when she tried to show Gardner in the room they occupied during the cat's birthday (see themselves). Not explained adequately. Not to mention the role of Gardner in the great project .. She brought people to high ground. But what is her reason for this film? It seems that this movie should take longer and clear things from the hasty conclusion, which is a laughing story when it's scary.
