The prison, located in Wyoming, working in a new prison, has faced problems. Therefore, the State Committee decided to open an old state prison that has been closed for more than 20 years. Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) is responsible for sending 200 prisoners of strange people. & They went to work to repair the house, including Burke (Viggo Mortensen), who was ordered to break into the old execution room. But when he drilled a brick door with a strong beam Shoot out all the electricity and gas and fire around the prison for a few minutes. Burke unleashed the evil power unintentionally in the mood of killing and no one was safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rennie Harlin. I think the prison is terrifying. Of the late 80s that seemed to Forget the small story of having a story. This script was produced by Empire Pictures C. Courtney Joyer, who was responsible for writing 'Classics' at the 1999 level (1990), Master Puppet III: Toulon. Revenge (1991) & Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys (2004) A horror story about a budget that I never heard of and seemed to be serious about myself. The biggest problem I have with the prison is that it is too slow. It took more than 30 minutes in this movie before. 'Evil power' will be released even if the rhythm is improved. But too slow While I was worried, there was no truth in the story that can be seen here. For a start, it never tries to explain why there is It was never explained why this force decided to kill random inmates when it was supposed to go out on a revenge mission. Don't kill Warden Sharpe immediately without explanation. Which Burke is right for him, even though he looks like a prisoner who is electrocuted and comes back without a true explanation of the way Warden connects with everything that has happened? Apart from the two early nightmares, which seems to him to remember something, even though it never revealed what it is or why. To be honest, I can't give you a true plot plot because this movie doesn't have a strict story that it's always following. The character is stupid and forgotten. The murder is not far away and the distance is both neat and tidy, and even the ghosts cannot shoot directly when trying to shoot the hero. A less satisfying way to spend 100 minutes. There are better things you can do. <br /> <br /> Harlin director, full American debut, he works well & has a good atmosphere. But after one hour Of consistency, boring, dark prison cells and passages. I just think that the look of the movie is too monotonous, gentle and lifeless. I don't think it's scary. Blood is quite convincing, aside from the best moments in this movie when the police are killed when the barbed wire wraps around him and the face with a good throat. Was torn open In addition, there were still bodies that were burned & collapsed bodies that fell from the ceiling & very few others. There was a scene when Warden burned the prisoner's couch in front of them and made them stand all night in Lingerie in the lawn, I was watching this scene and thought you wouldn't do anything like that. Here, prisoners are right. & If the guards do something like that, there will be an outcry from humanity and every prisoner will sue the prison guards and the government for everything they can. & Win! > <br /> With a budget that should be around $ 4,000,000 in a prison, there is a fairly good budget, although it doesn't really look like on the screen. Be sure to have the right actors & some special effects included. It is good, but overall, in the same place with limited ambitions. In fact, the prison was shot in Wyoming State Prison, so it looked like a business. The show was OK. The prison proves that sometimes Hollywood celebrities don't just have one horror skeleton in the closet. But in the case of Mortensen, he has two stories with this story & the terrifying return. Are you sure that he wants to forget ... <br /> <br /> The prison is boring, lifeless, colorless and without humor for 100 minutes, despite the good ax scene I don't like. Actually, I like it. To give my movie more stories than random events and random events that occur at the same time without the narrative feeling
