I'm not but this flick. Unfortunately, one of the movies that are too bad is good and too good to be terrible, which makes it completely pointless and time consuming. There is nothing more interesting than ordinary movies, and my name is modesty: no matter how simple the narrative is to the new level. It's full of actors B, but it's not fun because it's serious about yourself. It made himself into a thriller. But then became a drama that grew up in the beautiful Alexandra Staden that was too hidden to be remembered under makeup like a member of the Top Model rather than Modesty Blaise. Who wants to perfect his precious "graphic novel" - in fact, I never even read Modesty Blaise - all I want is a movie that is suitable for But this is not it The film ends half with a weak and not very exciting conclusion for a relatively weak story. It also brought the audience to the idol, explaining the little details of the plot to us and showing the three events that happened in the past. (I guess they think we all have Alzheimer's.) <br /> <br /> Good B movies - better things, just close your brain and swallow things that are equivalent to Calzone's movies. ? - and "Modesty" directed by none other than Scott Spiel, who brought us a great boisterous flick from Dusk Till Dawn 2: Texas Blood Money! I love From Dusk Till Dawn 2 because it brings everything that a bad B movie should bring to the table - nudity gore a gun. You name it "Politeness" is boring. A retrospective story about Modesty's life is not interesting. The performance is not good enough to laugh at. In fact, I like Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau. (Hey, Buddy, alias is your friend!) The show is baddie. <br /> <br /> So overall it's weak, weak. No uninspired. Call it what you will. Don't look at anything because Tarantino presents people. This is just a memorable and memorable thriller and never tries to do more. Let me round this review with a lot of pun. (Seriously, even I cringing): My name is modesty: A Moderately time-4/10
