Ulli Lommel's movie in 1980, 'The Boogey Man', is not a classic. But it is an economical cooler that has a lower cost than the average sector of 1983. 'Boogey Man II' takes a long time to waste time. But at the very least, it is something to entertain if not receiving serious attention. Now, II leaves the door open to the next sector and I don't want to see anymore. One day while I was watching a video at a store in a department store, I found the movie 'Return of the Boogey Man'. When I discovered that it was a sequel to the previous movie, I was happy to spend a few dollars. For it ... I should have known each other better. Although the opening title will be 'Boogey Man 3', this is not a sequel to the two great films I named above. Well, not all. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! That is laughter Is there anything good about cow dung? Let's see ... It has a video from 'The Boogey Man' and uh ... It's kind of short. Yes, it's about this. <br /> <br /> Cons: Where to start. Decision making decision First of all, this movie is very boring. It changed from one scene to another, with nothing interesting or frightening from a distance. The most stiff performance of "actors" is the best friend of the director who has never experienced acting before. The plot does not exist and the script is written incredibly. The direction is terrible. The director tried to make the movie look out of art without causing the camera to move, flashes and filters. But it doesn't add anything The music is boring and difficult to listen to. The relationship with the original is not perfect. Suzanna Love's character is called Lacey, not Natalie! And the events that appeared at the beginning of the manuscript did not occur in 1978. In addition, if there are 3 names in the list, why is there no mention of what happened in the second? In the end, this does not add to the novelty or interest of the series or genre. <br /> <br /> Final thoughts: The people behind the waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. It is a story if it is the original movie that was first directed and sucked. But it should be a sequel to a movie that is not a masterpiece But definitely more interesting and fun If there is another sequel that I suspect, it must be forgotten that this happened and was managed by Lommel himself or someone who had at least thought of making a good horror movie. <br /> Give My rating: 1/5
