Let me say that I love the original Boogeyman. Of course, it's a horror movie that has flaws since the year 80, but hey, those genres are fun to watch! And it gives us a little difference So I'm glad to buy it and amazed me that this movie came with it. (Only copy them there.) So I think "Eh, what is the hell?" And bought it. Mistake # 1 So that night I felt like watching a movie. (I bought a ton of that day) and thought this was the shortest of all I bought, so I would watch this story and hit the sack of mistakes. But I was willing to have a chance. <br /> <br /> So a couple of minutes in the movie and had the first retrospective I didn't think of anything at first. Then a new image with a prediction of the chick in the bathtub and I like the direction that it is about to come in. The image is a bit longer and I sit there. "Yes, I've seen the first Boogeyman. And I know what happened. So let's go! "Then the next person came up and I thought it was ridiculously fast. Then the last one (Maybe I will quickly forward through explanations. But why did she not have a mirror? At least she showed them!) And I decided to move forward quickly, then the climax and the movie finished! WTF? What happened to what was predicted? What happened to long hair friends (Did he touch that?)? And more importantly, what kind of weed is the writer and director smoking when doing this horrible POS ?? !!! What is the point? Is Annie just going back in the first movie? Or is it the story from the first movie that happened at the same time with this story? The latter can make sense because Pantyhose Face was born in 1978, following the characters in this film and being 15 years later. Wait, that's okay! Because Lacey (who changed the name to the movie Nancy! Uli is too stupid to remember the name of the character in his movie?) Will be 20 years old since she was 5 years old when this happens and not just But she is married to a man who looks 30ish. Children who look around 7 and 10! Do you go anywhere when you are in high school? And why the stockings are Annie? What are you involved with the characters in the original movie? And an unusually big movie. I found that in this film, when the doctor wrote in his journal, no one noticed that he was just refined? Wow, very professional! So what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? It is a purpose-free movie without thinking about it! I'll try to find a copy of the original movie that came with that movie and that's it. (Maybe a few special features that are special versions of it?) Then I will return this DVD and hope that all this and other reviews will prevent those who don't see it. This movie may no longer exist! Please let that be! Sorry, this review is very long. I'm just angry with this movie. I have to vent.
