A melancholic couple moves to a mountain hut after losing a daughter to find that there may be a haunted haunt of the unrestful spirit of the people who had committed suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames her husband, Allen ( Rock Thompson) due to the death of their daughter due to the unlocking of the door and the marriage has deteriorated because of it Julie is still in a zombie state without feeling distant and dazed. Just shoot a nearby abandoned prison to find a shocking picture of a ghoul girl attached to a cell bar. Although Allen won't see anything wrong But Julie continued to take pictures and we were able to recognize that something was wrong. Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a local maintenance technician who is a remote person who keeps secrets, becomes a dangerous threat when Revealed that his dead mother may have been involved in the haunt of Pykes. At the same time, the neighbor who sold the Pykes cabin also found himself a victim. Mr Mr's caught alcohol with his wife. His back came to haunt him. Allen will examine the history of his cottage, trying to solve the mystery of the place. <br /> <br /> Many ghosts that move in the background in the supernatural fairy tales with all the characters. Cheri Christian is still empty and lost. It's hard to connect with her unbelievably even if you understand her condition. The performances that are frequently mentioned are still disappointing because there are no characters that are easy to hold. I think it should be like this under their circumstances. But the problem I had was not being able to hug the Pykes correctly because of their constant distant conditions. Cheri came out cold and lonely as I thought that moms would tend to be when you lost a child like this But the ice nature makes me begged her to embrace her, which I never did. I think the actors are right, even if the characters are faced with emotional turmoil. But able to attract their audience if humanity reaches out to us .. In the case of this movie, the lead actor cannot do it for any reason. It may be me, I don't know. I want to take care of them But nothing in the character that pulled my heart However, while the film continues, Allen reveals some truth slowly and must protect himself from his wife who believes himself to be their daughter and that they will not lose their little girl. She again Jim, an unstable neighbor who believes that stopping the destruction of the area he must kill Pykes becomes a major threat. Ghosts are still an important part of the film, their presence, especially the mother of Jim, established throughout the distance. The ending reveals all of them while Allen must ask for help from his wife while trying to block Jim's mission. I have a difficult time coming in this time due to dissatisfaction with Lead and their characters.
