Ok, now what the hell should be? It is a fantasy movie for families to make money from the great success of Is Spielberg's "close encounter with the third category"? Or go back to the glorious era of prehistoric epic like "When Dinosaurs rule the world" and "The Lost World"? Maybe it's an intellectual masterpiece and a philosophy that we all don't understand? Yes, that must be like that! No matter what, the creators of "The Day Time Ended" (the old card of John 'Bud' Cardos of "Kingdom of the Spiders" and author David Schmoeller of "Tourist Trap") must have been sniffing a lot. When they write down The idea for starvation of this type of dementia The story doesn't have a little feeling and the storytelling structure is not linked like hell. But hey, who cares as long as it has dinosaurs papier-mâché, small spacecraft, laser light show and spontaneous combustion! The introduction of voice beyond reality is not heard. But don't worry because it's gibberish! Did you know that the definition of 'time' is not something we all think is? When you don't have to pass by time, it's one of the biggest conflicts! The words that were spoken thousands of years ago have been floating around now and even what will happen in the future surrounds us. I don't know what that means. But seems to be an easy excuse to collect aliens and dwarves that have dinosaurs on the screen together I purposely spoke of a well-mannered dinosaur, because at one point in a prehistoric monster, politely knocked on the front door before attacking his target. The crazy plot revolves around a strange family that lives in a solar home in a distant place. Grandfather is extremely annoying. Granddaughter, grandmother, is a billboard, walking and talking about plastic surgery. The youngest son has a shape similar to Prince Valiant and the young mother. Incredibly hot! Chris Smith, for some reason, had no end to the filming cycle as a hot mother's husband on a business trip. Special effects are all But truly wonderful and ridiculous (I sincerely hope that other reviewers who talk about "Great special effects" are sarcastic) but the most intelligent thing here is the conversation! Just read this wonderful writing example: <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "Do you know what this is for you? Is this the space warp - time! <br /> <br /> Stevie: "I'm not sure if I know what it means to me." <br /> <br /> Grandpa: "Um, I think no one really does." br /> <br /> Make your heart fret! You know what it is and stop talking about "The Vortex" like you are an expert in the field! "The Day Time Ended" is a fantasy that is innocent and not worthwhile for imagination. Although I can understand completely that some fans like this movie because they see it in their childhood and become fascinated with the colorful effects, the ending comes out of nowhere like they run out of money. Immediately or like the result of The mushrooms that they eat are unexpected.
