'1408' is the latest lodge of cheap scare tactics. The kind that may make horror movie fans style strikes from time to time, jumping in their seats and screaming in your ears. But the audience is disappointed in finding a little depth and direction. <br /> <br /> John Cusak plays a career writer. Of writing a book that describes his experiences in staying in a rumored haunted hotel Despite being guaranteed by the patrons and owners that the ghosts roam in the hall, there is little to make him a true believer in the paranormal. When he learned the history of the room 1408 at the Overlook Hotel, do not wait. I mean, a dolphin hotel in New York City, he decided it would be the perfect closing chapter for his latest book. But Samuel L. Jackson, the owner of the hotel, strives to dissuade his guests by describing the cruelty that occurred in the theater room since opening the hotel many years ago. The story is simple and the most suspicious of us must watch Jackson's long trekking. <br /> <br /> In other words: scared! <br /> <br /> Of course, it will be easier to convince the audience that they have just paid to watch a modern thriller if it doesn't take a long time to get to this point and if things follow. There are more than "cheap boos" that become arbitrary and random frequencies. Finally, you may expect soon. The temperature in the room changes automatically. Wall drops with blood Writers who fear not being able to open the door, etc. And after almost an hour and a half to deliver these things to the audience that promises to receive great excitement, you may sit and hope that at least you Will be impressed at the end With doubts about the sequence of dreams and other time-timer sequences, although it is not possible to suppress our doubts that before the movie ends, we may finally have something that makes this movie. Don't forget a little Although there is a great performance (as always) by Cusak, which is essentially all movies, most others with different notes are wasted. The real mystery here is how the film gets a high audience rating. Ghosts filling ballots?
