I must say that I was disappointed with this movie. I have never been a big fan of BNL. I found that their songs are young and miss a lot. (This is me on the 9th level if I have millions of dollars, life shoe boxes, etc.) However, I have seen clips of their live performances and I like the unattractive and ridiculous nature of the show. I hope this movie will focus on this, which is a shame that the most interesting part of the program because their music plays well. But not very interesting and attractive (There is a single, medium solo base that is completely pointless and boring, even with Jim Creegan digging.) The movie is not shown in just a few minutes. (And you know they have a better time in Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan. He's in charge of Steve Paige. My name is really big."). <br /> <br /> BNL is Like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard that the godawfull "Blue" song by Effeil 99 or every 2 minutes I returned to Canada and a month later That song is over. * Again * I almost chewed my own arms. BNL was like that many years ago. I remember having many lovely memories that were sitting around a fire in Canada that listened to people. Play that "If I had a million dollars" BNL is a religious phenomenon in Canada and their humor is mostly tilted in Canada, especially (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students here and the name "Gordon" is quintessential. The city of Canada) A few years they slipped. Into confusion and I'm quite rough Suddenly they became big in America and everyone who was there thought they were a brand new band. (Yes, they are brand new. But they are all in their 30's!) While the rest of Canada will "oh geez i think those years ago i have to listen "Million Dollars" again? "<br /> <br /> The concert image is not bad at all. But I want to see their stage more The filming routines are not great and things like clips from their great free shows in Boston are too fast coated. The interview was surprisingly boring for these funny groups. I thought they were old and they had families, houses, and things. There were times when they went into the Spinal Tap content that they sent words. To the innocent people, then they laughed and giggled the ruins like that The interview with Moses Znaimer (Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (musician) had a lot of thought and accidentally entered the Tap land. <br /> <br /> This film didn't record much. also It is the only item and at the beginning of the movie they are already large and there are many travel followers. It's not like we see them increasing from confusion and "surprise". They are popular. At the end, it's quite lifeless. The type of half-life concert, documentary half and unequal. <br /> <br />
