Men, I think it's hard to believe that Alan Ball is great. When I saw the first two, until now, I think I can safely say that this list will not be on the list that must be viewed. There are many things that work with it. <br /> <br /> There are no actors who are really good at this. Anna Paquin as Sookie's lead character is terrible. I remember that she was better in many ways. What I see you may be just writing. She is not very fun to look at, one has some time to be honest, she looks seriously ugly. Actors who played Bill slightly better if only because his character should be woody and distant. Other actors do their best. But with the ancient characters that focus on stress, they will get a heavy job. Tara is extremely miserable in watching Rutina Wesley kill the accent. It's like a nail on a bad blackboard. Almost scary like Nelsan Ellis. It's hard to understand what he says sometimes. Both his character and Tara seem to be racist for me. I do not know if having a character say 'whycome' in the non-wire HBO program. The rounding of the actors was Sookie's terrifying grandmother, her sexually addicted brother, and the only genius actor I ever saw in William Sanderson as a sheriff. <br /> <br /> Story Seems to be zigzagging The destination at this point, without worrying about making the audience interested in the romance of the Dark Shadow-sy, although this show will make the camp factors from something like the old Dark Shadows about ten times Sometimes it seems like it is difficult for me to think about it. But different from programs such as Buffy, which pull out the camp expertly, this item is not Outside the place where there is a camp is a serious sex and graphics of the show. I don't mind doing one when they do well because they have many other HBO programs, but here at least they have rough sex scenes related to Jason Stackhouse. Top and pointless. <br /> <br /> About the only thing I think about this is that I like the opening sequence of HBO. Unfortunately, their performances recently I hope they will be canceled after the first season and try to make it better in the air.
