This item has a lot of ads. But I don't know about this until the middle of the season (season 1). Someone has suggested acting to me. But I decided that if I watched it, I would wait until the end of the season so that I could watch a lot. Due to the format of the list, I am happy I wait. I think it is quite annoying, almost every end in the middle of the cliff that hangs, and then have to wait another week to see what happens in the next seconds of the story. <br /> <br /> Anyhow, this performance has been Manage to throw too much sex Jason will have sex with everything that moves. After he discovers that a woman he had sex had been killed, he was in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam went up, even though each of them knew that Sam was falling in love with Sookie. And for some reason Sookie was angry when she learned this later - even if she slept with a vampire One of the problems with acting is that it doesn't work well that makes you care about the characters. I didn't care about Jason. In addition to following his endless stories, he is also rude to people who really care about him. After a few episodes, I wouldn't be interested if he was killed. For this reason, I didn't care about the majority of murder cases until Sookie's grandmother became a victim. (Since the first two were more related to Jason) <br /> <br /> Then when Suki and Bill had sex The story received a little more sub-plans. Tara's mother wanted to scare the ghost. Then the young shaman tried to convince Tara that she should have one that would eliminate her own demon. I didn't care much about eviction of ghosts because I knew there were some people who really believed that. However, they wasted a little time showing that it was a joke after Tara spent about $ 1300 in chasing ghosts for her and her mother. At another point, some development occurred too quickly. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell Grandma's items to buy vampire blood, which seems to be a crack or something new. In his search, he meets this woman who will do V (vampire blood) to him. And within three days fell in love with each other and kidnapped the vampire to be the source of the V continuously. Another example is when Bill goes to the vampire court. He disappeared just two days before Sookie began to feel abandoned and began to wonder if he thought "Vampire politics" is more important than you. <br /> <br /> Wisdom is not a strong set of this program. No need to use geniuses to think of what's happening with local dogs. Although my assumption will not die But it is not a surprise But the final episode of the second episode is when it's really annoying because it pushes all the development in your face as if you can't figure it out yourself. When Tara was in a car accident, the face of a naked girl with a pig was clearly visible and easily recognizable when she appeared in jail for help. As if that were not enough, they took the girl to her home again. Then it's time to close the murder. At the end of the final chapter reveals that Renee is not the person he says he is and should be a murderer. In the last episode, they push Renee into a murderer in front of Sookie, saying that it is strange that Renee's ideas do not have an accent. I think that's okay because it adds Renee to a scam. But the next scene is filled with evidence of incriminating against Renee. They showed that Renee had Modet's tape with the vampire and his fiancée found a tape in Renee's box about how to fake the Cajun accent. At this point it was ridiculous. I mean, we get !!! So what blah blah blah happened, Bill almost committed suicide while unable to help Sookie, who still killed Renee. They started setting up the second season by leaving unfinished problems. Naked pig women and Sam have lost Lafayette's history and may be killed. Jason is in the process of being brainwashed into a religious church from the anti-vampire church, which makes me more interested in him. <br /> <br /> It's amazing to see that people love this show. A lot. I think I hope this list will improve. I am interested in seeing what happens in Season 2. But if I watch it, I will always wait for the season to end.
