Located in South Africa, a young black man tried to participate in the movie 'Gangsta', but when he had no knowledge of life on the road, he was ordered to find out what life really is or he wouldn't. Take part He tried to work as a gang led by his old friend from the school and the chances of his appearance in the film declined when he admitted that the crime was acceptable. But for the gang leader, the devastation that comes to his new friend's life indicates a golden opportunity to do better than himself. <br /> <br /> While it sounds quite interesting The first half of it was incredibly crooked and boring, while the "scramble" would happen at the end by chasing some very poor low-speed cars in the "chase". Only two policemen used, both of which were Sunny Sunny cars in the early 90s. But will be cheaper in receiving (And I think it is quite difficult to believe that they are using old world cars in South Africa in 2000), but as far as I can remember, there are only 2 involved and No one gets scratched again. The car chase is not very good with the camera angles that are far and bad and the traffic on the road is minimal and they go around in about 2 minutes as much as you should believe that the child is very small. A skilled driver who can easily evade the police, even as a pedestrian and not the most exciting. This episode led me to the characters and performances that were not as good as the kids that drove for about 13 years and expected to have a lot of skills to lose the incredibly inappropriate police. Everyone is equally unreliable until they sometimes get bored. <br /> <br /> In the closing scenes of the movie, our main character ("Sox Moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal. Car from the parking lot While having trouble opening, the police arrived and asked him what he was doing and he responded by telling him that it was their car. After briefly quarreling, they tried to arrest him. He then caught the police at the trigger point and jumped back into the car. After he entered, the police returned and shot and injured. After another pathetic chase sequence, they decided to abandon this car and lay it down to destroy any evidence. The following is one of the most horrifying and scary special effects I've ever had. Saw when the car "blast" overlapping flames will appear from every window with a terrifying sound effect that is not timely It doesn't do well and looks fake. It's hard to say it in words and it has to be believed. If you watch in slow motion I've seen better effects in the murder documentary. The car is Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that is not worth it and they are not able to destroy it with real explosions? I like to know what the budget for this movie is. I felt that it was so cheap that I was surprised to make it outside of South Africa and it even made it even more surprising for the DVD release. <br /> <br /> I know it's not a big budget for Feng. Hollywood I know what it means to show a gang in a poor South African city that steals cars from the middle class and sells parts in the black market. But with a laughing effect, a bad car chase, a terrifying performance and a laughing character The reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I don't advise you to watch this thing. If you want to laugh and see one of the best things to do, the low budget of the amovie clutter that had been created, then I would suggest doing so. Poorly done, poorly edited, boring and boring pieces of low budget, which failed to count all I used to watch many South African movies, including NuImage / Nu-World action movies, cheap, and even with sweetness. But still much better than this
