If .... is equal to Sgt Pepper's movie: has been praised by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation and is seen as a rather stupid business by earlier and later generations. Now, middle-class children around the world It looks like a great human being because of the internet and sees the opportunity of boarding school as a wonderful opportunity, thanks to the Harry Potter books / movies. The relevance of if .... can't 'not Worry more than modern In fact, many scenes are strange and exaggerated to inspire Pink Floyd's The Wall. <br /> <br /> One should not have personal bias with the movie while checking. There are a few bugs that others overlook. Lindsay Anderson is known as a big fan of Louis Buunuel. In general, he is more intelligent than he can. And despite having a straightforward storytelling through the first and second acts, the latter part of the piece that it held hostage by tricking Buñuel surrealism and trying to strain the symbol Anderson was unable to do it because of the cynical cynicism. He didn't see Buunel as a cheerful person in his work. I have not met critics who represent 'Hospital in the drawer' and almost sure that it still has been viewed by those who like this film. The ending is not just about tightening the class system / defined values ​​as well as slapping on the moving target. <br /> <br /> The British public school system is a system for the middle class. Study at home by a personal instructor) and how the work of ... is to check the box of public school life that Lindsay believes has been explored in the film, so the middle class excuse savaging homosexuality, generational utensils, cold baths and faculty In fact, such problems have been mentioned in many other great British films. If .... just bring them forward, Browning's version is something that is more damaging to the pomp. But if <br /> <br /> if .... is strange and cannot be seen with modern eyes (Especially the American) Glory to Anderson to avoid Mick and Keith in the songs of African and brownie spots for a few points for the homoerotic overtones. Was broken off for feigning a lost character and surviving a devastating glib revolution
