The spirit of the year 68, the streets of Paris are full of stubbornness. The hippies are on the spirit of love. How is the United Kingdom a sign of the era of violence and revolution in this era? Erm, by its image, Old Blighty Darling focuses on making movies about boys in boarding schools. If ... there are evil buildings. There was a rebellion of the oppressed. The lack of contrast with the passion in Paris and the hippie's head is a feeling of excitement, except in the ending of bullets and cannons. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson's If ... Forever Stars - Malcolm McDowell Love as one of the three private school students who decorate the dormitory with photos of Lenin and other left-wing free radicals. Clearly, it is an anti-establishment film in the image of an evil high-class Oich Secondary rooms and autocratic practices of the ancient schools of the state in question. What makes if ... unusual, even if it is because of the completely different sympathy, it does not make us feel the tension between human suitability and any authoritarian school system rather than Floating: Lack of plot and lack of personality. <br /> <br /> Surrealist bits fade away and leave occasionally and the movie slips from black and white to color again. (Is it because of a low budget or is it an artist's expression?) But there is little interest to talk about. All we received was the storyline of the pain that the young rebels reached and picked up their guns. Cheers! revolution! In the end, what needs a second thought, which is different from the rest of this boring exercise in the daydreaming boarding school. <br /> <br /> If ... may be a powerful political statement. But because it floats and gathers only Direct feelings of interest at the end Instead of being a testament to the scholars who disagree in the late sixties But it has succeeded in being a surprising document about British higher education. Chaos? Apathy is more than the only man that many viewers will want to stick to after watching if ... will be Lindsay Anderson
