The British public school system has not only developed the idea of ​​providing education to the upper classes, despite the popular and widespread misunderstandings, it is designed to produce administrators and governors, civil servants and soldiers. Of soldiers to carry out British colonies From the middle class when public schools began to show the values ​​of the elites who were sent to them rather than being educated at home by professors and parents as they had been before. Like schools near the city more "So Eaton and Harrow were so popular with the parents of that level. Most state schools take students from lower levels to society. Tom Brown may be the most famous public school student, formerly the son of a local preacher, not an Earl with a belt. Therefore, in the late 1960s, the British post-colonial country, the last sentiment and liberation of their commitment to the dependents of the former followers, as quickly as Harold Wilson would slip away. " Gannex "Mack, the happiness from the absurd classes and the fun of others, must remember that what is called "Summer of Love" followed by "October Revolution" is not an event that caused a few policemen in London to have bruised marks and the US Embassy with only one or two broken windows, nothing. Anderson came to the theater. The former, disgruntled revolutionary, became the representative of what they saw as the glorious victory of Malcolm McDowell. Each was shot sternly, no doubt. They succeeded in trying to enter the USEmbassy film, telling us that there is nothing new about public schools, homosexuality, cold baths that bully teachers, sarcastic people who have morals, traditions and items that are too familiar to all of it. Was declared a symbol in comparison with the United Kingdom and the society that had broken down Well, nearly forty years in the same school is still flourishing, the British social system has not changed. "The October Revolution" has been forgotten for a long time, except those involved in one and the other, and Mr. Anderson has completed the "state of the country". The trilogy has no effect at all if there is an opportunity. You should read a book about students who use the system quite successfully than Mr McDowell and his friends and still live. To tell this story, find a copy of "Stalky & Co." written by the man. The vicious poem "If" lends to the name of Anderson's movie, a man born in the Indian colony, a man whose quiet performance is interrupted by our literary history and done it before chattering. Successfully announced that People, sometimes someone should start a revolution about that.
