There is one really good scene in Faat Kine. The character's name has been arguing with another woman and after being threatened Faat Kine sprayed her in the face. The scene can be used because the action is unexpected, strange, and funny at the same time. In one example, the author / director Ousmane Sembene allowed the audience to see characters that are easy to take root. Interested, which may be worth watching for two hours At the scene, he presented a brave woman who was brave in her actions. For the rest of the movie, the only thing he seemed to present was the conflicting sound. <br /> <br /> The sound is everywhere. It is true, not all movies must be clearly adapted to specific categories. But I don't think Faat Kine will suit all types. Suppose it is a drama, even though there are moments of such a wide comedy. (Face spray mentioned above) that it cannot be taken seriously On the other hand, this movie is not a joke with a lot of serious topics. Sembene is packed into the picture. There are ways to succeed in mixing comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene did not find that balance. One scene after that, another scene floated together without touching or for a lot of reasons, allowing two different tones floating in the wind. <br /> <br /> Faat Kine still has two hours of trouble. With a dramatic ending The film ends with a big party where all the characters' conflicts are resolved. They will not be resolved quickly. The scene took longer than the other scenes for twenty minutes. Since the rest of the scene until this point is crooked, the final scene is difficult to endure by starting repeatedly in the scene, making the viewing experience frustrating. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too hard at Faat. Kine, I'm not the right audience for it. I do not feel anything about the characters and are not related to any stories. There are people who may find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. However, I can't do it, so I can't recommend it.
