Shlock - The Leo Fulci merchant changes the rhythm by making a worthless sword, a continuous sword and unrelated magic spells instead of worthless things. <br /> <br /> Orlando Bloom, also called E. Sibelius from some social groups that resemble ancient Greeks traveled across the ocean to the caveman's land in a clearly defined mission to fight the evil in which he collaborated with the hunters. love The male wolf and the mutant followers of the evil witch bare the Wackiness vampire ensues. The witch is oppressing the local caveman and wants a magic bow for himself. She sent various minions, each one weird than the last time after our hero, who eventually won the popularity of the oppressed caveman everywhere. Does this film have a continuous stream of WTF? Elements and moments <br /> <br /> For some reason, all movies will be shot in soft focus and the image will become more blurred when there is fog on the screen. This may be an attempt to create an atmosphere or to hide that everything looks fake. Both methods fail. There is no atmosphere unless it is one of the slightest ambiguities and confusion and there is no hiding that everything seems weak. The wolf man's minion seems to be the brother of the poor. For some reason, the director fell in love with their image, jumping into the air in a slow-motion, six-million-dollar men's style to our heroes when they attacked. There may be about a dozen of these images throughout the movie and it will be received every time. The witches' minions that do not have other parts, other than the common human being who wore leather suits, are mutated white species that seem to be covered with spider webs. No need to say slow and harmless, and when they speak, the Latin Daleks sound like a gay Spanish. The fight is so flippant and unreliable, and special techniques are distressing. Oh yes, the song is a cheap synthesizer that Doctor Who creators would have used before. <br /> <br /> Our little hero Ilias are gentle and unrecognizable. In addition, he still looks completely wuss, especially with the diaphragm, revealing the costume, leather and big hair and is clearly a moron. Of course, he was shot by a bow with his magic. But he took only three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight all the evil continents. Needing to say that he had run out of arrows within minutes and had to be rescued by the sword and the traditional magic spell. Mace, when he met Elias, admitted that he was a quiet person, claiming that he had no friends. But soon you will be able to say that the negative narrative of homoerotic latency is their companion. Mace promised to take Elias with him in exchange for the bounty associated with Archer. Elias asked where he was going. "No matter where my legs take me" is his answer. Good enough for Elias Scepter is also an animal lover and hypocrite. He proclaimed his great love and close relationship with animals by referring to the normal things about how he likes them with humans because humans can be too average. He said he would not hunt and kill animals to feed himself. But he will steal other people who hunt animals He has not killed innocent people randomly without good reason. Shortly after they met, he was testing Elias' bows and this film was cut for some caveman who was interested in his business, walking around and shooting a shot at him. There is no indication that this poor spirit does what he deserves, and even Elias, who is regarded by a more noble and civilized society, doesn't raise eyebrows. <br /> <br / > The cruelty of this movie is rather strange. For the entire film, she was completely naked, except from G-string and a gold mask that covered her head. It's as though Fulse had combined her to create a movie T&A. Wisdom, but decided that she was too fond of butter at the last minute. She spent a lot of time seeming to be satisfied with her pet snake and dreamed of being shot by a man who wielded a shapeless bow dressed as Elias. Wow the above symbol! Later in this film, she wimps when she can't beat the Ilias and Mace and promises to make herself a sex slave of some ancient warriors if he kills them for her. The scariest villain in the world barely stepped forward for women's rights. I think he is a spider web creature on our heroes and disguises himself as a baton in a situation where no one else is around. Should he really exchange the respect for you? Ocron? <br /> <br /> Have a few other WTFs? Most of the time came to the end of the movie. Elias deteriorated, I forgot why his curly hair might be confused. But was aware of the mistakes of his methods Suddenly, for whatever reason, his bow can shoot many targets to find energy. Bolts can be fired through hard rock when necessary. No need to say that he worked short with the hordes of bad people who had caught the scepter. <br /> <br /> Climax is ridiculous as well. Able to attack with laser Then he can shoot Ocron from a distance of one kilometer using a shot through the rock's capacity. She began to die Her mask torn, revealing a terrifying muppet head. She walked around, screamed and became a dog and walked out with another dog. Scepter smiled, collecting credits. <br /> <br /> Strange enough With a cheap sword and a movie that these people are clear and focus on reasonably Anyone who has seen the Wizard of the Kingdom of Los Angeles can tell you how these films are ridiculous and devious.
