Although being released on DVD by Blue Underground five years ago But I never met the list "Sword and magic" of Italy on Italian TV late at night and now that I have seen by myself, I know why. Not because of the general satisfaction of the director with severe bleeding (There are some examples that must be sure) or the fact that a number of women in the procession flock to the nude parade all the time (Set in the dark age after all)? The very poor thing is simple. In fact, I would go as far as to say that it might be the worst in the category that I have not seen and believe me. I have seen many. (Especially in the last few years Venice Film Festival)! Reading about the failure of this film at the time of the first release was believed to lead to a directing career. (And sadly) following the nostalgia of a low-budget, insidious career, I saw their point, 1968-77), his famous horror story (1979-82) with himself, but even in Later, his determination was no doubt that the content On the other hand, the conquest seems not to inspire Fulse at least? When he saw that he decided to make curtains with annoying fog all the time, sprinkled with inconsistent characters (Humans and werewolves, all humans?) Unrelated blood. (We have been treated to people who eat nasty meat. With their brains hit by hairy opponents!) And even the very unappealing intimacy between the criminals wearing mocked brain masks (without asking) and slippery reptiles pets Her flow !! For something worthwhile, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young man holding a magic bow in Odyssey that confirms the manhood (Andrea Occhipinti) and his muscle companion (Jorge Rivero, like Frenchy from Howard Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970]!) Even though Mace (short for Maciste?) Seems to have just fallen into his cave from time to time and received his younger protégé From the problem Unwanted attacks of 'boiling') Unfortunately, even the elegance of the low cost of the eyebrow material is also happening here, since the former electronic score of Goblin Claudio Simonetti seems sometimes unsuitable. Fulse also plans to make this film a rushing ending, along with a cowardly hero who survived aimlessly. (After conquering one person and everyone with the help of a magic bow, very important for his physical strength!) His next? And unfilmed thankfully ?? adventure!
