'Nobody knows anyone' is a conspiracy theory about the Satanist / nut bomber targeted at Seville's religious feast during the Holy Week. He is also the best friend of the movie hero. The plot is set up by a bomber as a computer game for himself and the hero as a player and Seville as a virtual environment. The alleys and the true streets of the city begin to use the features that have the maze of those old Pacman games. When viewed in this way, the scene in which the hero and his close friend was chased by a penitent black mask with rayguns that may not be as stupid as he was playing. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, we realized That the lecture is being created as a game - the hero's job is to create a crossword puzzle for popular newspapers At one point, the cross table on his screen became a chessboard that he later played with his girlfriend's father. The clues are scattered freely while the camera shuts down mysteriously in the image shown later that is important. The detective / paper chase element is part of the game that is in progress instead of investigating after the facts. This film lends heavily to the narrative of 'Se7en' and everyone who has a Catholic education will receive the importance of certain events that occur on certain days during the EAster. <br /> <br /> In reading this, the game is at the level of storytelling with heroes fighting against enemies. (In this case the computer) to win and save the day But the second game is the movie itself, which overthrew the first game There is another clue that doesn't point to the killer's intent. But as a filmmaker and his hero During the first ten minutes, there is a reference to chess, a writer named Navakov and a religious leader named Sarin. If we remember the pseudonym in the 1930s of chess, dear Nabokov is Sirin, we will see another game which we suspect is not a villain. <br /> <br /> In Nabokov's novels such as 'Pale Fire', the author creates a message designed to hide his own motivation, encouraging games between writers and readers to find the real message. Throughout the film is a scene that is visually distorted. (Such as contracting images) or ambiguous dreams and hallucinations that make us wonder the hero's perspective The reference to all open games linked to him at the beginning was mostly made from the sexual weakness and character creativity. Therefore, this film may be his attempt to control his life. The winner in the way he doesn't actually He soon won the game better than the missing author's blog. The word he typed was the title of the movie, saying that he was an overall writer. In addition, the name in Spanish reflects itself in a negative way. The very Nabokovian participation that introduces heroes like Kinbote is stuck in his own creed. <br /> <br /> The confusion of this postmodern literature (Borges, Eco , Pynchon et al has been well mentioned, Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​the city and its history as maps and messages and cultural history that haunts the present ) Resistance to the rule of government Bunuellian and a boxing film 'shock' of Alex de la Iglesia resulting film is chaos clever composition is wise to eliminate the last thing to do. The lack of clarity about the rules of the game makes it impossible to understand and wear in the end. <br /> <br /> Surprisingly, in the story of destruction, the main interest of the film is the quality of the documentary. The lectures that took place in the real city with their own activities occur independently. The ambiguity of truth and such vague fiction can create masterpieces such as 'Sans Soleil' or 'London' but in the end you must touch lightly to match your intelligence.
