Vampires and zombies begin with breaking news that unidentified diseases that spread throughout America make victims more likely to kill and eat human flesh ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) and Jenna, a teenage daughter (Bonny Giroux ) Listen to the radio while they drive along Separate rainforest roads to try to avoid the disease when Travis ran to find the man I thought might be a zombie. Farther down the road, he stopped to help Julia. (Stevens Bringer) and teenage daughter, Maratama Carlson, who waved at the side of the road. At this point, there was a third teenage girl named Tessa. (Melanie Crystal) at the back of the car, Julia is tied & gagged for me. This situation seems strange. But Travis, like a cavalryman who took him in and agreed to 'pick up' Carmilla out of Julia's hands & I didn't really know. Travis drove out of Julia and Thessaly. Carmilla looks like a beautiful girl But she turns into a vampire and she likes to bite people and turn them into vampires. Oh and she is also a part of lesbians. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while some men That calls himself The General (Peter Ruginis), which seems to be a vampire killer and may have something related to it all But this movie is not really messy. Substance & I don't really know what to do with this outline while my head is painful. Just think about it ... <br /> <br /> Join me. The top management, co-written and directed by the top performer Vince D'Amato Vampires vs. Zombies, is one of the worst horror films and one of the worst movies ever released. D'Amato's script Look A classic story about 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (he should sue) and orderly course holes in the plot logic & it is very large, you can drive a tank through them! What is the disease that turns people into zombies? Why Carmilla is a vampire Who is Julia? Who is the general hell? What does he want? Where will Travis & Jenna go? How can Travis control humans and still have little human feelings? In the end, what is the mental patient department? There is also a sequence of dreams that are confusing and unnecessary to disturb the audience There are many things that are wrong with this movie. The storytelling is not reasonable. The concept is terrible and has never been properly described, including it is incredibly boring. I have no good thing to say about Vampire Vs Zombies, not one. Forget about vampires fighting zombies because it doesn't happen. Tell me again why this movie is called Vampire Vampire. <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato is one of the most incompetent. Made bad, thought out badly. Vampires and zombies do not have any redeeming features. Actually, there is no single aspect that I can praise. Blood looks like red water, has a cheap settling effect & half-climax that the zombies eat in the Carilla & Jenna's gut. The blood-filled scene is probably the best part of all Tragic movie But it only takes a few minutes and there is no way to compensate for other boring people. 85 <br /> <br /> Vampire budget Vs. Zombies must be small, in fact, still have a budget. Because most are located on the road in two cars This is one of the worst horror movies created. It's my misfortune to see all things just bad. The performance is terrible and I mean bad IMDb's core for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicates that it's straight to the video and that is too good for this shit because it is appropriate to shoot directly to the nearest fire.
