First of all, I have to stress how hard it is to find it. I take the time to comment on a movie that I have seen. It requires a very special case for me to spend time and write about my feelings about the movie. That said, from the hundreds of films I watched, I've seen Shawshank, the most terrifying woman in the most terrifying black dress. Shark Attack III: Megaladon and now the worst: Vampires and zombies /> The first thing to say is that this movie is not a joke! For those who are looking for movies that are light-hearted, fun, or at least so funny, look elsewhere. It is true that movies like this are not trying to be delicate and wonderful. With a title like this, you should know what you are doing. That says there is no excuse for movies to abandon any rules that control movies that create the world This is not an argument between the traditional filmmaking process and newer and newer artistic methods in making movies. This is an argument between a bad director and a company that is responsible for making horrific movies. <br /> <br /> Movies that have suffered from over-use say that "I don't know where to start" Everything about this movie is really bad. From the show and editing, there is no reason for the movie to not be able to send consecutive events, such as Vampires vs. Zombies. On the same page In one scene, especially the scene, starting with a camera placed on the floor, looking at the passenger door of the car. You expect the person inside to go outside. But there is, and this is no exaggeration for 10 seconds. At least the delay between the camera will be launched and the director says "action" and what happens on the screen. The audience will be staring at the car door all the time without sound. There is no movement, just "air death", a stereotypical form of criticism on radio or television. Where is the correction? 2. Performances - The fault that can be forgiven In most cases, you cannot expect the film to have an Oscar winner, but Vampires vs. Zombies is not performing well at other levels. " These "actors" are hardly able to read the script clearly because anyone who has the ability to read and speak can pronounce the line better than these stupid people. The only comparison of my performance must be the opening scene of the Resident Evil on the Playstation, but the performance is even better. <br /> <br /> 3- Story - Wait, what? subject? You cannot expect that this will be the greatest story ever told. But is it too much to ask if we have the appearance of the story? Why is it a vampire? Who is the character? Who are the bad guys? Are there good men? Why are all lesbians? But what is the most important thing to deal with zombies? If you have watched this movie, you will understand what I mean. But for people who are not ordinary people, I will not have zombies in this movie, except maybe five minutes. It's almost as if the director had forgotten the movie name and was forced to throw some zombies without explanation at the end. <br /> <br /> There are many more. But i hope i will do enough To prevent anyone from seeing this movie
