Although it's not a really scary movie. (Especially when considering that it was created to broadcast directly on television) it would be very difficult to point out one aspect in "Bloodsuckers" that are original, original or refreshing Vampires in space are not a new formula, and although there are many movies related to these monsters in this environment But nobody knows it is an incredibly stupid place "Bloodsuckers" goes a step further and mimics all imaginative movies that revolve around vampires and space battles. Most of the plot and characters are stolen directly from "Ghosts of Mars" by John Carpenter and James Cameron "Aliens" as a crew of future vampire hunters are crusading through space and carrying on regularly to get rid of mutant species. With strange names such as Voorhees and Leatherfaces. Good men are a group of pathetic maps, dealing with clichéd problems continuously and endlessly arguing about unimportant matters. Captain Damien is an unpopular newbie who must prove his leadership ability at this time after being more or less responsible for Captain Churchill's death. Other annoying characters include a typical cowboy style and calling a happy guy pilot, a strong female warrior with more balls than all men on board. (She is of Asian descent, such as women in Latin "aliens") and the army most. Valuable secret weapon: Blade-girl! Quintana is a beautiful and deadly vampire that chooses the human side. She can see the enemy when they are still many years away, and she can still do wickedly sexy things with someone's wet dreams. They eventually learn to work as a team when being forced to face vampires - the ultimate culprit: Michael Ironside (in the lowered role) "Bloodsuckers" is a foolish, irreversible movie. But it creates entertainment as long as it still has blood killings, childhood conversations and make-up. It's so boring when the soldier who discourages the captain is the same time and bla bla bla. This movie is a non-stop series and creative ideas. But at least can see
