Humans used to go the most in the world and now they are traveling to a new world. But with the new world coming ancient evil ... vampires of space And not just one tribe In this movie (Which I see as "Bloodsuckers" but I guess it will be "Vampires Wars"). We will see what happens when the imperialist land meets the Emperor's vampire. <br /> <br /> I'll make this chapter very short. Because it does not deserve a good examination The best thing I can say for this movie is that it has a list of good actors and actors coming to Natassia Malthe, Quintana and more charming here in "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco and is Which is always a favorite of the fans (as I said, he is Jack Nicholson, a poor man) and we also get Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife" which the horror fans will be remembered in As Barney from Jenifer of Dario Argento Then the film is bad, as it is not got no name attached ... but the same can be said of the concept of Uwe Boll <br /> <br /> The military track and kill vampires in space. Not necessarily a bad idea But it falls within the scope of "cheese" easily and this movie falls in love The performances, especially from vampires, are superior and I just can't find a reliable explanation about their existence. The worst of the vampire tribes are "Voorhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand that this is probably a smart reference for horror fans. But it's not wise It sounds dumb and doesn't go into place. (Unlike the more detailed references in James Gunn's "Slither", such as shops named after the less-known horror director) <br /> <br /> That's all I want to say. If you can stand a lot of cheese (Today I can't, and I come from Wisconsin) and want to see a general actor with a bad set of fights with vampires in space (although "space" will look like other forests on Earth). Check this if you can. Can search I do not personally recommend when you can watch other vampire movies ("Jon Vampires" or Jon Carpenter) or other space films or maybe a good person. But hey, do your thing
