I saw tonight for a few nights, didn't expect too much and was surprised that it didn't send anything too exciting. The plot established by a crew of vampire hunters (V-San, for sanitation vampires) goes around in their spaceships periodically killing space vamps and helping people quite sound and if this film was Get better management, good people. Unfortunately, after a good launch, the sense of true quality starts to drain from the movie, leaving something behind. The look vacantly But it looks terrible I do not expect anything special from these movies that appear on the Sci Fi Channel and at least this is not one of the features of their creatures that have nasty beasts. But it is still not good, mostly because Writing and acting But has contributed greatly to the horrors that arise from scary music When this film was chosen for general science fiction, with a strange sound coming near the soundtrack, it was okay. But often hilariously rocky stones that infiltrate into a scene full of madness I'm more resistant to acting and writing than general, not for choosing music which is a serious offense. Changing things from magic to funny is miserably performed by Dominic. Zamprogna is ok but gentle as a famous hero. While Leanne Adachi is quite annoying as the strongest girl of the vampires and Aaron Pearl, the other members are not written or interesting. To impress Even though she didn't look good in acting, Natassia Malte performed well through having less annoying personalities than others and the fact that she looked seriously good. The only serious name in the show was Michael Ironside and he was not able to use it even though he did well. But was amusing in a way that one suspect intended It seems that he is happy and gets a salary and his role is entertainment. That effect is used in the overall picture, at least they are the standard of science fiction TV programs on average and there are still scenes of blood splashing and a little more fun scenes. Things can go along the way and I almost feel. That this movie is terrible But I remember that laughter was intermittent and realizing that if this film was a deliberate joke that I didn't think it was like, too unsuccessful was lame, crazy, unreliable. That's ok i guess But it didn't attract me Let it go. If you dig a sci fi trash or chuckle accidentally, I'll say
