Bloodsuckers have the potential to be a fairly good movie. The concept of the type of military that follows and fights with space vampires is a potential thing in the realm of things, even the idea of ​​a universe filled with vampires. But all of them have different features, which many characters that have never known before are cool. For most lives in outer space galaxies are vampires, I am not sure what the creator means for the work, taking into account the characteristics of vampires. What do they intend to eat if almost everyone is a vampire that I don't know? Since it is a film that has been mixed between the low budget of the Firefly / Serenity movie and the vampire with the dash of aliens. <br /> <br /> The action of the movie is quite normal and derivative (especially Serenity) but when passing Yes - they work reasonably well and have enough blood to flick the vampire, including a variety of blood-splashing. There are many things that most characters are boring from conflict. Between the characters, most of which seem to be lazy, immature Arcelo - mostly cowboy friends and Asian women There are a few character scenes that actually work and the actors don't play too badly. But it slows down mostly A good effort to create a character But people do not watch the movie Bloodsuckers to develop characters and drama. Actually, Michael Ironside encompassed it and enjoyed watching, as always, and at least two women were hot. SFX area is not too bad for what is clearly a low budget job This story is quite average and again derivative. But as I said, the world that created has little potential. The way in which things are installed, Bloodsuckers seems to be the pilot of the animated series - introducing the recommended world characters. But did not explore, etc. <br /> <br /> This film has highlights and interesting moments - the type of things that make these dodgy production available - the scene in which our heroes interrogate the puppet Chase. The hilarious puppet genre. - "Sex scene" Absolute WTF - Credit "and Michael Ironside as Muco" The most annoying thing of it is that even though it is a scary and inappropriate pop song they play more loudly. Half Movie It's painful to listen and deviate from the best things on average. <br /> <br /> In general, the clock is ok. You're ready for something wonderful, even if it's just a scene.
