Although the actors are especially good at Fritzi Haberland as a blind, Lilly, but the film script pretends to be completely overwhelming and arbitrary. Famous theater director (Hilmier Neun Gussan) blind after a car accident, traveling to find himself and his destiny Lily had no eyesight from his birth as a teacher for the blind and wanted to make him "see" again (the blind saw with fingers, nose and ears). And the longer the road becomes, the more their relationship develops, which can be predicted from the beginning of the movie The theater director is on the road to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). His mother lives somewhere in Russia at sea and creates art - of course she should do anything else! - and she is still alive because she is waiting for his son to die! This is fate! <br /> <br /> Finally the son arrives! Mom is celebrating a big party! At the beach. The wind is blowing and the pianist plays the real piano in the dunes. Yes, they are celebrating her farewell. The son arrived in time. Finally, the mother can swallow the pill that is beautiful. Now, the great artist can die in the arms of her great artist. Speaking of sadness about the perfect German life while the son responds with a rough accent. Because the son couldn't see him, so he didn't fall in love with the nurse - the screenplay was too complicated too! - But looking for a lily on the way home. <br /> <br /> Parallel to this road, Lily's sister, staying at home, is asking a schoolmate who looks unwieldy to make her disfigure. Because Mum (Tina Engel) is traveling with Lilly's lover, Paul (Harald Schrott). They are following Lily to bring her back. Paul and Lily's mother don't fall in love because this screenplay is too complicated. Don't miss the movie script that will make Paul something special as well. I will recommend an architect or pianist or a famous person! When they finally meet Lily, they want to convince her to come back to Paul because he has two eyes to see and can take care of her. But Lily feels his students love the drama director; I didn't mention that he was a famous drama director. <br /> <br /> This is a German film art! As you may see in this production, the German film subsidy fund does not always produce good movies because they only provide financial support for pseudo-intellectual movies. This movie is really embarrassing. I have the impression that this screenplay has been mixed together a lot from cafes and restaurants. Everyone has the right to participate in ideas. Perhaps Til Wiecker may be involved with intelligent intelligence as a co-producer. I was warned by this film for a German movie. Other things that are definitely painful: "Barfuss" - Spelling of the wrong name! DVD cover "Barfuss" written proudly: "A Til Schweiger Film" The film also received contributions from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and FFA. <br /> <br /> Please don't waste your time on this movie! There are really good movies in Germany. Beware of film directors like Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin ...
