Ghost Town begins when Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drove along a separate desert road. Her car broke down and she heard the hoofed horse approaching ... Langley's Deputy Sheriff The father reported that she was gone. He found her car crashing down and drove out to find her. Unfortunately, his car broke down and he had to walk. Langley ended up in a deserted ghost town, very frightened. Langley soon discovered that it was a truly ghost town because of the ghostly past population owned & operated by Devlin Demon (Jimmie F. Skaggs). Who had kidnapped Kate for reasons that had never been explained before and it was up to Langley to help her & stop the curse of the city ... <br /> <br /> The only attempt of the governor Richard's state, this film is not The I & I really do not like it that much script by Duke Sandefur tried to mix horror and Western genres, which it did not result in anything good. Have you ever wondered why there are no horrible western hybrid movies out there for me, but if I ask myself a question, I will find all the answers in Ghost Town because it's not good. These two genres are not quite compatible. There are many clichés on the western side of things that are innocent townspeople who have to be afraid to stand up to the gangs of terrifying gangsters. They shoot outs in the main street, saloon bars with swinging doors. And prostitutes, upstairs & horror. The wise, there are many spider webs, ghosts, some ancient curse, funeral, speaking & killing violence. I feel terrible. I think it has nothing wrong with it, besides being boring. Both types don't sit together. The plot has a few holes. Why Devlin kidnapped Kate? I know that she looks like a previous girlfriend. But how did he know what he could do with her? We never knew why this ghost town was full of ghosts. I mean, what made them there and what made them return as ghosts? Then there was a little that Devlin, after being shot, said that he could not just kill Langley to kill him. Just a few seconds later, I mean, why the bullet didn't work at first? <br /> <br The governor's director does not There is a good atmosphere of horror movies with a spider-filled scene and the standard western city of Hollywood, shown here with a central road with wooden buildings on both sides. I won't say it's scary because it doesn't have a lot of tension. & This movie dragged in the place, even though it's only 80 minutes long. Forget about any blood. There are a few bloody gunshot wounds. After the firing of two people with a groove on the neck and people being plugged in with metal poles & thats <br /> <br /> I imagine a relatively small budget here. It's reasonable. Good & capable. If there's nothing. sRGB Credits due to the length of the dress and the dress are really good. The show doesn't matter. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie. I'm not really sure who intended to attract and of course it doesn't attract me. Anyone who is looking for westerners Will be annoyed with the stupid horror elements while anyone looking for horror will get bored by the western elements It's a little different. But that doesn't mean that it will be well worth watching if you're desperate. But did not dare to watch
