I have the latest viewing experience with The Perfect Witness (2007) because of the NetFlix computer referral program. Suggest I watch this movie. Obviously, sometimes I say I like Michael Haneke's Benny video. I don't know about you. But drawing this parallel makes me feel confused and excited about Thomas C. Dunn's film and makes my time allocation to it impossible to deny. For me, this kind of advice from NetFlix computer intelligence for me has a movie / aesthetics bar set at a very high level when reflected back. It shows what nobody is beautiful in every movie produced. In 2007, <br /> <br /> Before I responded to this movie, I would continue to make this image fall when being executed and poor. And i hate to do that because i think our west bentley son not only But is one of the most interesting children's faces in contemporary movies But still one of the most outstanding talents in the United States I was more concerned that the poor would miss the famous boat if he fiddled with the film director for the first time. <br /> <br /> The Perfect Witness is about Mickey (Wes Bentley) who? About thirty still lives with her mother. ("You don't drink anymore, right?") But he is a "filmmaker" or at least a street-level voyeur that has pensions for Johns filming. In Philadelphia's alleys with his DVX 100B, go out there. Make his personal training video, Mickey. "Inadvertently" a brutal murderous videotape video in the early twenty-twenties ish coed with his mobile camera. Eliminating the notion that the smell and film is a cultural currency, can be packed with his ticket from the white city slum. (And not having to pay the debts of his friends and relatives who do not know where to put money for his brutal movie) The attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: still using writing credits) And blackmail the murderer to make a documentary about his murderous motives, carrying this image to find an attacker with a police threat. <br /> <br /> The problem with this movie is not that there is no idea. Interested in Because they do While both writing and direction are amateur, that alone does not make the movie bad. These people have a rather poor assumption that what they offer is shocking in the context of a culture in which any person in the free world has access to a personal computer, can access the web and see the truth of The actions of cutting heads on their Macs or small PCs do not have any movies that rely solely on the value of shocking. (Unless it is ironic, it is a movie about animal torture). (Real or fake) has less and more cultural capital. In addition, we have actors with excellent abilities to lead every guy with a real hip style: a two-inch beard and a skull hat. His head with a small bill behind him like Dork from high school The possible service of my first love is interested in the same man who just called himself "poet." <br /> <br /> Help me. "I'm an artist." "I'm a filmmaker." Please. Continue with shtick, Cronnie. It looks like you are buying 35mm stock, which is very expensive. And go ahead, you can wear all "creative" things, but don't expect us to respond to you the most to follow a lower average character in your two-hour movie while you quit Wes Bentley's career Why don't we let history speak to the advantages of what you do. Finally, I guess whether history can say something about that thing, perhaps not as good as you think. And yes, you will put the fault on your dear, end up like our man Mickey here in the perfect witness; Stuck in a slap and covered with your friend's blood with a video camera in your hands. Great.
