Another day, stuck in the house, another movie to watch. Finally, when my Christmas shopping was finished yesterday in the cold afternoon and with thick fog, I had nowhere to escape from. "The Land of Time, Lost" In the Atlantic Ocean in 1916, U-Boat (in scenes that challenge logic and reasoning), eventually they find themselves on a strange island without touching by human hands. They explore the land and explore the dinosaurs and the Stone Age! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident in a land that is forgotten? <br /> <br /> Even though it was built a few years ago, "Star Wars", but these movies are many years apart in terms of special techniques. The scenario is better than what you would expect to see in the episode of "Stingray" by Jerry Anderson and the creature didn't get better as well when the T-Rex (I suppose it was So) was killed. It fell in the same way that zombies do when you kill them - freezing in the middle and collapsing arms and legs like a sleeping cow Being pushed over Getting the dress is not too bad. But the sound of punches, performances and endless explosions (Which all sounds are the same) do your best to destroy the credibility and enjoyment of the overall image The characters are unbelievable or worthy of your sympathy because they shoot at anything that moves. Eventually, I didn't care whether they would leave the island or not, and at the last time I was more relieved than entertainment. <br /> <br /> The costumes are real enough until the caveman comes. And It is a bikini bear skin and all round loin cloth. And although it is quite clear from their actions But you don't know that some characters are the voices of the German people The whole thing is just polished and not contiguous, causing the audience to confuse the place and not to mention others. Overall, this movie registers the wave of excitement almost today, even if you find a little entertainment in trying to find the point where Colin Farrell is. I saw his name on credit and half expected that the boy would appear with an Irish accent and a suspicious facial hair. Oh, well, there's nothing wonderful to see here. But ok if you are eating lunch and the weather can not continue the activity
