I just finished watching this movie. I'm so excited because I'm a big fan of Punk Rock, Horror films and Spoofs. I'm very surprised by what I see. I know it's a low budget. But I didn't expect it to be recorded with a video camera. It launched with good music and a very awesome band. The Horrorpops reformed their music. Where Where Wander and instantly killed in various horrible ways. It was a great opening. But the problem is the fact that until the end, this is everything that is true. Live performances, death Another live performance, death is old and too much intestinal use. (Literally) in the death scene, why does the killer not use other parts of the body such as the legs or the eyeball or the brain? Don't understand me wrong, this movie has some great parts. Like the French hard band, known as BERET, the expectations of the band named Atticus, a scene played by members of The Used and Simple Plan that play together. The overweight and proud guitarist of Soup has been killed in a truly hilarious manner that I will record for future viewers of this film. But the big problem I have with this movie is a joke at first. But after a while, the lack of a terrifying performance in many "actors", especially the creator of Warped Tour, Kevin Lyman tried hard. But I wonder if he doesn't want to make a movie But with commitments under contract or something In addition, the sound quality is still very poor and there are no subtitles on the DVD. The plot of the movie's editing is gloomy and very random. Something about magic swords and Lloyd Kaufman like demons. The bottom line. This movie has many good features. But not enough to be close to the appropriate horror movies, music or comedy movies Although I have to give credit by turning me into a few bands that I have never listened to before, such as Bomb Tsunami and Phenomonauts (Insane Psychobilly), I suggest you rent this movie, watch 10 or 20 minutes first if you like See 20 or 30 next if you still like it and watch If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They rock! Punk rock and live band!
