This film can be identified as a case study. It is not just the fact that it means an unhealthy desire and not an art for what may be called a cocoa image. The author lives with the feeling that the anti-social protest called morality and childhood ("Moldovia is the poorest region in Europe", "I do not believe that there is one small bird flu", "Romanian people steal because of them. Not good, Europeans steal because they are thieves ") are very close to the moral and artistic attitude that is responsible - but he is not very targeted! <br /> <br /> The thing that Daneliuc does not know is not enough to act as a righteous person - you must have professionalism, talent and ingenuity to turn this gesture into a fate art product. "The Legion Legion" shows Seeing the acumen as well as the video, the family with Uncle Gogu screwed himself wet in front of the guests. The script was chaotic and uninterrupted, randomly matching various stories in an attempt. Knowledge of books to introduce some stories. The direction is pathetic pathetic - what is called "director" cannot be created, at least as a normal scene. His image looks awkward and has a sense of storytelling without identity. (Of course, any opinions are forced to stop at this level. It is ridiculous to talk about the concept. "Movie language", "means expression" or "style") The performance is positive. "CântareaRomâniei" ("Hymns of Romania"), except ... The football goaltender Necula Raducanu, which is very natural and Nicodim Ungureanu, looks like Oana Piecnita is truly fresh. But she is in danger of Daneliuc's advice. <br /> <br /> The most serious aspect of a proper movie theater offense is the fact that the production department receives a lot of money from National budget through CNC National Film Council. The fact that a long-dead dinosaur like Daneliuc is still thirsty for the government's breast is understandable. (In a market-driven economy, they will be eliminated immediately through natural selection), but the corruption known as the "jury" that uses the country's money for non-art, not movies, cinemas And not culture is ridiculous
