The story of a gay couple affected by AIDS is "orbiting" during the "perfect day" period instead of linear from beginning to end. The movie is classified as a life that is remembered in asynchronous parts rather than in the sequential sequence that we experience directly. <br /> <br /> The subtitles have a short period, especially. In explaining the impact of anticipated losses The dialog box, unfortunately, doesn't have such grace. The script often forces actors to say shockingly stupid or unconscious things that look like the characters now. In their second coincidence, they were hit hard by each other. Phillips, who was sensitive, urged men to hesitate to tell him about the difficult week. But the time when the men began to launch, Phillip Major, the Englishman, said that Later, when he looked at the naked body of his lover, walking through the bedroom to find him, our young Shakespeare began to show the beauty of the moment in words. "The way you cut through space ... I can't explain it" - but lacking speaking skills to complete his ideas. This kind of drifting continues through the AIDS hospice, which is decorated with similar gems, "What makes me think that death is neat and tied to the ribbon" and "You make Florence Nightingale look like Nurse. Ratchet "<br /> <br /> This movie often suffers from a lack of bruising. The characters that are not outstanding are vibrating and have more steam than they want. Phillip is a very annoying friend - a fund that trusts and cries loudly, poor people, good people - preserving words, eroding about everyone who runs through their paths. Such writers can offer many opportunities for intelligent social critics. Unfortunately, their words are not satisfactory. It is difficult to know if our dramatist intended to create a character with limited intelligence or if he just ran around his boundaries. <br /> <br /> The plot may be something that people are interested in. And reflected on the people who praised this film It seriously explores the gay life of the middle class in the United States in 1980: the first encounter, courting, marriage, nesting, the complexity of open relationships, friction and cracking, dissolution, physical abuse, rapprochement, forgiveness. To Phelan and Spirtas giving good performances that show complex characters all the time Their good-looking looks help explain both the chemistry that holds these two together through unselfish feelings and selfishness, including chemistry that helps some viewers overlook the painful weaknesses of the film. this The decision to hack the plot into tidbits and present them in events outside the sequence increases the complexity without the obvious dramatic utility and in many cases leaving the sequence and making an impact. Of unclear events <br /> <br /> Can I recommend this movie? For writers with literary and technical qualities In order for the audience to proceed easily with the serious need for AIDS survivors or in the mood of the happy tears who have a little eye candy thrown in But the better written choice is to explore the impact of AIDS on that relationship, including: Philadelphia and the band, longtime companions, angels in America, frost Fast, parting eyes, courage! pity! And even Jeffrey
