The Bamboo House of Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, many years of receiving this position) is a veteran of Hong Kong Chin Hung Kuei (snake killer, boxer, Omen, blood payment, etc.). Yes, even though they have benefited from this disease and exploitation, and Bamboo is one of the worst attempts of all genres, although compared to Western attempts that are usually pale Zia compared to the Eastern movies. <br /> <br /> The story of the Japanese war camp that Chinese women were attacked, abused and raped by a bad Japanese (what's more) during World War II. The girl also knows the secret places that hide the gold boxes filled with gold and learn that Chinese soldiers in Japan. (Shaw Gao Li Liang) is a spy agent among other Japanese people and helps women escape hell. What follows is a sequence filled with nudity, kung fu, female, nasty torture. Killing and resisting the disgusting attitude of Japan that makes this film a pure and honest junk that has not been tried more than it is.> <br /> There are interesting elements. The Bamboo House of Dolls Photography occasionally, especially at the end when you see a sunset and beautiful nature. But it's about it in the merit department The fighting scenes are numerous and often include half-naked women hitting and kicking each other. The overall violence is quite disgusting, sometimes with gunshot wounds, many scenes of torture. (For example, a poor girl was violently abused on a space full of broken glass, etc.) and ended abominably and morally. Of course it's stupid to say "morality" when writing about this type of movie. But there are also elements that I do not accept to be found in any movies. <br /> <br /> This movie is also fun. Turkey component of course! For example, a gold box that is full of heavy gold seems to be light, since the weak and suffering girl seems to have no problem lifting and moving. It's not about throwing it! In addition, these "skin battle" scenes cause smiles for fans of the garbage cinema. I've seen Killer Snakes (1973) of the same director, ten times more important parts, and even though they have snakes. There are many lives that are actually killed. But it was more interesting and showed us the nasty side of the other side Big city and society It is also necessary for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls has also suffered from censorship, which is not surprising that it is considered an issue. Uncut version (Being dubbed as non-English language) sold in Europe, at least in France, Italy and Switzerland. It takes 104 PAL while English typing, dubbed Holland, Belgium and Greece, takes just 84 minutes. In PAL from what I heard, the cut scenes not only But only violence or other graphic things, but also conversations and "Plot development" and similar things. <br /> <br /> The Bamboo House of Dolls is a garbage theater in the most worthless form. And of course, some things I don't want to see from Shaw, Brother or Hong Kong in general. Some films about Italian exploitation with the same content are more interesting and more noticeable than this ridiculous, calculated and worthless movie.
