Normally I will not get supernatural. But after seeing the Academy Awards for more than two decades, I can honestly say that this year's acting awards are the most embarrassing example in a bad direction, all cruelty and true ignorance. Unfortunate to see I'm not talking about the rewards myself - as usual, there are many things to consider when you count who wins, who loses and has never been nominated. But this process is as always received and fair as it is Likely to be What is really bad is keeping both "stars" and "not stars" received from the hands of Cates and Horvitz in the name of "boredom" <br /> <br /> It's not good enough. For For many years, everyone who is not Al Pacino has been "playing" in 45 seconds, regardless of what he says, the way he speaks it, and the emotions behind the commands. It shows that there is nothing more than a lack of respect. In any way, those who received many nominations on the stage like cattle, without honoring them to show their faces while reading their names. The excitement of walking to the podium and forcing them to read their words by turning their backs on the audience. All of these things were created for "not a star" - regardless of whether the movie does not exist, if there are no such artists and most of them will only get one chance to confront friends and viewers. <br /> <br /> The stars aren't much better. It turned out to be more sad than a joke when Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood's talent winner had to ask for a few seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as the host, had no inflammation and controversy as he expected the school and not as funny as he could be. His opening speech was almost (But not so much), just as Sean Penn expressed his dissatisfaction and his comments during the show were more poisonous than interesting. Of course, he may be blamed easily when he is clearly detained for a short time, just as the host has. Finally, Chris Rock is something he never had before: not an entity. <br /> <br /> Even the musical numbers are not good. Beyonce sings well. But there is no reason why she should focus on three of the five songs Another example of an irreverent artist has given Jorge Drexler's song to Antonio Banderas - although Drexler will appear and clearly he will not be interested in singing his own song. > <br /> The efforts of Cates and Horwitz to make the program shorter and faster may result in a certain level. But what happened was a lifeless show We all lament about long speeches beyond the expectations of those we don't know about too much production about quality of congratulations. But tonight they are not us What it means to celebrate is something that is insulting to those who are celebrating. Cates and Horwitz should be ashamed straightforward.
