John Hughes wrote many great comedies in the 1980s "European Vacation", not one of them. Following Hugh's first published work, "Vacation" (1983) is about guessing, not distorted and annoying when it comes - whether you love a fool. But how much Clark and Ellen Griswold) <br /> <br /> I'm very happy with "Holidays" including the third movie "Christmas holidays" in 1989, but Griswold's trip to Europe is not worth watching and forced. Probably because this was Hugh's first attempt in the sequel he didn't receive. But it was really amazing that no one was interested and without a story "Holidays in Europe" has no past story: Griswolds won the game because it was "Greedy little pigs" and European tours through England, France, Germany and Italy Even the physical humor of the ballball is the trademark of the first person who lost all the effects because you saw it coming, which is part of the director's fault. Director Amy Heckerling "Fast Times at Ridgemont High "Set everything to guess too. <br /> <br /> Maybe because Hugh is shooting cheap, because he was used in the sequel" European Vacation ", very proud of Insulting Americans (Recalling the greedy little pig show game that they win), especially tourists, represented by the Griswold Cornball family. "Oh, we Griswold, what do we usually do because our father is an idiot?" Then, in a cartoon style, almost ended up paying tribute to America and the gratefulness to return to a good country. More than this If Hugh is showing the words and intending to do it in the form of a bad movie, maybe I should give this 8/10 star award. <br /> <br /> It's not just the world. But "European Vacation" are two of the worst actors to play Kids Rusty and Audrey (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They are both annoying and disgusting with the ugly Audrey and loud voices about her boyfriend. Left almost behind Hugh also spoke about her comments about missing him while she noticed the giant. Quite tasteful. Speaking of, the chest will flash in two different scenes without a good reason. (Unless it's commenting on the love of Americans about free nipples in their comedies) <br /> <br /> I'll give this movie one of the two stars. Thanks to Eric Idle from the team. Monty Python, which has many points in the movie that he read directly from the "Holy Grail" about the most fun If Hughes intends for us to find one of the non-American actors that is the only funny part, then another hat for him to tear open Hollywood jokes in the 80s, but it will hurt. For him to do while making it fun?
