I'm a big fan of Pacino. He's one of these actors, if not the best actor. However, this movie seems to be much better, although it has poor actors. What they have to do is tell the story of Carlito Brigante until he goes to jail. But it seems that this is just one of many things that can be said that Carlito, all or some questions about his past that we suspect in the traditional way may be answered As far as I'm concerned, that's the only way you can create this movie. But we have a prequel that has almost original characters, without characters, characters that are different from the first episode (Scary movements) and a totally different love for Carlito. Don't even start with Puffy. I can't take that cat seriously. After watching him dance in all his artist videos. All the time my friend opened her mouth. I was waiting for him to start dancing. He makes me laugh if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I think he will be acting boring due to his recent history. He's doing quite well. He's probably the most "trustworthy" of my opinion. J. Hernandez did the best. But now he has no skills in doing this duty I admire his power and effort. Keep track of Pacino. The only way you can get a clue about the type of person that Carlito is is to see the original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold-blooded killer in one scene. He is one of the worst gangsters in his time. But you will only see the glitter of it in this movie Perhaps this is a pathetic way for Hollywood to try and make a 2nd prequal in cash when this failure occurs. Wouldn't surprise me. <br /> <br /> Overall, in my opinion, this movie is very short or what it used to be. The only reason I gave 3 was because I laughed a lot and Mario Van Peeples received respect back with me. Serious directors should shoot this movie and put the time into the story and convert it into a true prequel. I was very disappointed that the film was not taken seriously. They would be better to make this a mini-series on HBO and tell the story in a traditional way. At the end of the movie, they have the courage to suggest that Carlito must return to the city of HEEELLLLO .... That's the part that everyone wants to see !!! Then again, this is just my opinion. I can't tell you how to waste your money.
