Where can I start? I heard that this movie was showing off and I was very crazy. I am a big fan of Carlito's original way, and when I heard this, I thought it would be like all the other sequels that came out in almost all Hollywood. I think it won't be good. I am wrong. This movie is much worse than I expected. Not saying that all sequels are not good But that is the problem of Hollywood. Today, they create sequels and remakes and push them too much. This is not a movie theater release. But is a DVD release Still, in my opinion there is no reason to do this. After I heard about this film in progress, I later heard that Pacino was not there. As soon as killing any opportunity, this movie was good. Why am I watching this movie, some of you might ask? I had the opportunity to see it. I not only watched movies that I had high expectations, I had low expectations in this film. I just want to see if it has anything to do with it. Now, if any of you who read this message is a big fan of Carlito, you know a lot about the first story that deals with him going to jail. <br /> <br /> Very little spoiler. * I won't destroy. Anything, because this may cause you to not want to spend two hours watching this trash. All I will say is - at the end of the way Carlito 2, we don't see Carlito going to jail now. I don't know about you at all, but I think Carlitos Way's prequel will show how he got to jail. I'm also interested in seeing what actually happened. <br /> <br /> Now that's not my only problem with movies. The actors playing Carlito didn't do too bad work. But he can't record this movie if he tries There are not even those little things that should be thrown in there so that Carlito's fans will want to. You don't see Kleinfeld's image or other main characters. At first I wanted to see something like that. The worse thing is Luis Guzman is in this movie. But he didn't play the same character that he played in the first movie The big mistake on their part, why choose the same actor for different characters, it makes the movie worse than ever. <br /> <br /> Bottom line I'm a fan of Carlito Way fans. New DVD Is a shame If you're a fan, don't watch this movie with high expectations. This movie has nothing to me, and of course it's a movie that I can't buy from DVD or watch again.
