I just gave it 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I wouldn't get in this trash. I heard that someone online explained that the villain of this movie is "Human beings under the skin" and I think it is a promise because I think it will be like the wrong lineage! The Descent is a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong stories. These villains are truly unrealistic and there is no part of their performance that is fun. This movie is not debatable, I saw this level of violence in many movies. This movie is normal. Synopsis: A blonde girl who thinks herself is hot. (But she is not), her admirer and her admired friend (No, I don't remember their names). Into the forest, their cars crash. They were warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde was hysterical and the next morning they couldn't find a friend of admiration. People who use his feet (Ooh!) Don't worry. He is more upset when his car doesn't start when he is nailed. After pretending to be a fraction of a second, the blonde came out for help. The incident that I do not remember In the meantime, and throughout the movie, we will show the torture scene that has nothing, including scenes that make me gag. Blonde goes to help the admirers from the human house. (Although what they see is eating the intestines, which is the last option for real human beings, because they have real food). The blonde girl found that the injured and the hard work (unsuccessful) caused tears So then you can laugh well when the blonde girl is in the house and announces that she is able to mark (the man who reminds them to leave) has a dramatic character change when he reveals that man is the family of he Then they shot out of the house. The shooting continued. Then a random man appeared and said that he was watching them. Before he was shot, we showed the scene that inspired the trip to become more acidic. Blonde or popular, she shot him because he didn't help. There is more killing than lovers, admiring his love for blond hair. Then the mysterious hand covers the camera. What does that mean? I do not hope to be a sequel.
