If you have been harassed from the underground by a Christian who says "What is Jesus the answer to the question?" Perhaps you should thank God if you have never met a Lacanian Slavoj Zizek. The most evangelical of the Lacanians will exchange the word "Jesus" in the statement "Lacan / Hegel". Zizek is bright now. And pure pop culture for entertainment for our consumption So it looks impressive when someone comes in and says "Hang on the movie, maybe say something about yourself." <br /> <br /> The idea that Zizek describes in this movie is true because he said that. For example, Zizek explains that the three Marx Bros As ego, superego and id (God knows what happened to Zeppo or Gummo, or maybe they are sinthome people ... or is the movie itself?) This is what they are in Zizek's results. Was there to be exam SECTION But only as an example of his ideology People may argue that he has something to say - but what is different from Christians who refer to everything for God's purpose? <br /> <br /> There is nothing wrong with giving examples from movies. Or anywhere to show the theory It seems that Zizek believes they may be used as evidence. However, it is just cant and propaganda when these examples are separate from their context. Without context, you can speak and prove what you want for Zizek. The answer is Lacan? So he went and was an example of everything, but everything was similar to the teachings of teachers and cultures there to do this to serve this ideology. For example, the example that Zizek used to imagine the position of the voyeur was taken from the scene in Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spies Kim Novak in a flower shop. But in the context of this film, it is not a fantasy position of the voyeur. Stewart was deliberately led by Novak. Examples of presentations that are separate from their context continue throughout Zizek's sermon half an hour. <br /> <br /> His analysis of the scene "baby wants f ---" In Blue Velvet is ridiculous. Gently touch with what he seems to be a horrible truth (with men). The truth of "women's adventures", Zizek says that Isabella Rossilini's personality not only demands her. Decay But without knowing the responsibility in the situation Here's an example of her "jouissance". Hmm ... But - sorry for being a normal person - where is this evidence? In this film, she received some humiliation due to the jump that had kidnapped her son. Zizek may argue that she likes to have rough sex with Kyle MacLachalan, but this may be due to a lot of things. Called "actors" or women? As Lacan reports that females are not like the collection chimneys that cannot be articulated, it is beyond the grip of the phallus and truncating language. If this is correct, there is no sample. It also means that all concepts are completely insensitive and mysterious. It can be determined by philosophers, dogmatists such as Zizek: "Why are women giving you! Why do women despise? Because I said so "<br /> <br /> What examples can be collected from these movies? Only Zizek's psychology, why did he insert himself into his favorite movie? At that point, when in the boat at Botega Bay, he said he wanted f --- Rod Steiger as well? Isn't this the fulfillment of the desire of people who spend time in film criticism in his life? Freud will have a field day with The Pervert's Guide to the Cinema - but with Zizek himself, nobody else Zizek's theory that the movie shows us how we wish to be on the face of it, but these films cannot be an example. The strict international law of psychoanalysis This film shows that Zizek desires and only useless things are almost useless as we want. For as the psychoanalyst knows how we desire and what we desire cannot be completely separated - and cannot be universal easily if all The love of the sake of doing everything is an example of Lacan's answer: How can we desire? This is how I do it. The problem is that in Zizek's desire, everything and everyone else has entered his wishes, but Zizek is a Leninist and of course they don't like to let "Subject" speak for themselves. <br /> <br /> Guide Pervert's to Cinema is a summary of Zizek's love about faith and a complete philosophy, although it remains very politically (what is unbelievable). Zizek never questioned whether his motives might arise when The Analyzing what he was trying to find because of the conditions of the survey and therefore his ethics in doing so would not be asked. <br /> <br /> Zizek is very rich. But all his books and this film speak the same thing He is Henry Ford's cultural theory: mass production and all colors, as long as it is black. He is the perfect person for today's high consumer society: it is extremely important at the same time to give the same c-ap people over and over and pretend that it's something different. This is popular because most people like the answers that are ready to answer their problems - which capitalism often claims - instead of exploring things with serious consideration. Which is the type of brain death For me, Zizek's third tablet is a suicide capsule. <br /> <br /> PS: I like Zizek's solemn speech, which is presented as a revelation about cinema and humanity. This happened to Zizek only after he saw the jaw.
