This film is a light weight, ultra-predictable fluff from beginning to end. As Don's Knotts vehicle, "Mr. Limpet, incredible" is much better, with Knott's character there, almost without talent or knowledge. His performance is toned down without his trademarked gaze, although it may have something to do with him that has been replaced by most animated movies by clownfish. Knotts make a living of playing the most satisfying imbecile. That Bob Denver did Both seem to be unable to divide into other types of roles, assuming that being a typecast may be due to absurdities, stare at the forest, and John Ritter's treble, which Knotts worked with in "Three's Company", able to overcome his genre successfully. In performing roles such as "The Dreamer of Oz", but the closest Knotts used to play a small role in "Pleasantville". Even Leslie Nielsen was not as good as this, uncomfortable, not both theatrical actors while In which he was at that time or a comedian looking dead while he became "Airplane!" And "Police Squad." <br /> <br /> There is no way that Knotts, 43 years old at that time, will be 35 years old, as his character insists he is Surprisingly unbelievable, like Tom Hank, who is 38 years old, plays as Forest Gumpy College. <br /> <br /> This film is obviously created on a shoestring budget. Obviously, especially in the "outside" scene of the "city" that Roy went after he was fired. It is unlikely that even preschoolers will be deceived by the invention of the sound stage like Mayberry. <br /> <br /> Strictly watching the movie as a child, not because of lack of action. Or effects, even if it is like that The pace is too slow, the situation is repetitive. How many times can you see the mark of the bus? At least it is funny for children, like a daredevil with gags, otherwise you may risk boring them. (And adults in the theater as well) movies, even children's movies, have improved over the past decade Even many contemporary actors filmed and written better, for example, "The Love Bug" of Disney. At least there are interesting contests.
