May be a name or example (Of course, not an interview on the DVD, which was with the director while he said "Hello, kids." Going into the camera like a clown) But I expect that Entrails of the Virgin will at least enjoy the great sex scene. And the brutal murders by strange Japanese hackers. It turns out that it's too unbelievable for good or bad or whatever. There is a problem and anyone can see this as well in the Italian movie Sexo Flavitation Porno Holocaust, which is similar to this in many aspects without being balanced with sex. Sex is too much and it becomes a model pornography and does not have much production quality compared to the most professional porn movies! And with the killing scene, there must be at least a bit, and maybe just the ingenuity of creating a creature / killer / whatever. The internal organs of the Virgin do not have it. It's safe to say that it's a spiritless movie, though. Will not be one of the worst movies ever - it is for Japanese fetish players. Horn-dogs will only end up with women with problems. '< br /> <br /> <br /> In this case, we get a shooting team that men are shooting some women, nothing too disgusting, and from the dense fog they still live. One night home and selected by "A Murderer" one by one while he gives credit First of all, director Kazuo 'Gaira' Komizu decided that he had to have a random sex scene at the beginning. (Or call into your reception) from one of the photographers who have sex with at least one person of the other girls that seems to come from another movie Then, when entering the house, there was a 'wrestling' scene that was designed and shot badly. (Yes, we have to see him 'all' there.) Then rape and murder. With the first rape by a photographer who promised women that there would be work to do on time Then the murderer who likes D'Amato's life is full of mud and stupid faces and doesn't know why he killed a man and / or rapes a woman one by one. <br /> <br /> Taken by yourself should consider the highlights of the movie This is like saying that croûtton is the best part of a salad that has a bitter taste. The tedious scene, the needle darted out like the Olympic Games (that scene was actually very cool) and eventually became a female fanatic fanatic whose name I didn't even remember. * This is disappointing, just not right with the name! Moreover, the boring sex scene in 'Gaira' and his release in a scene that takes a long time without truncating which everything by the Japanese sensor will blur. (Do you think they Seems to enjoy himself enough, so the need to let them 'speak' on their own), but the overall feeling from the internal organs of the Virgin is a lumpy feeling that it must be staring and without Scared or true horror (See when the last girl leaves the pure life of the image trying to Stop the murderer from going to find her, which takes five minutes while she throws a cane at him!) You just want it to be done because 'I hate women'. Pray for convenience or completely eliminate.
