I will tell you that I gave this movie 3 out of 10 after some ideas. I will give it honestly. 1 But there are a few more points for the body count. But that is about it. Let me explain. I paid 1 pound for this DVD in the supermarket because I always had a lot of confidence in the continuous horror thriller B movie, especially if the film is targeted at status B due to I wonder if there are many reasons. (Which I will touch in a few seconds), it is a beautiful failure Not just filming for B and miss it, it still has land around it. F. This movie has many opportunities to be good and it has failed a lot in every account. I said that above, it is possible that this movie is intended to receive status B and seems to be trying and achieving success by trying to combine humor and horror, which may be good or bad. For example, Freddy's movies later (Dream Warriors onwards) are all about Freddy's style and the use of the thumb, which works well! But this film completely exploded in that respect because the moment they tried to inject humor, most were just stupid people I will admit that at the beginning of this film, humor is good. In fact, about half an hour I liked this movie and prepared to congratulate myself on a good search again. But what really killed this movie for me was the killing that was not appropriate. For example, when 'Satan' smashed a cat and a board and wrote 'boo' with its blood using the body as a brush or when 'Satan' slammed the door into a disabled elderly woman who was helpless. Now I'm not normal with unreasonable killings in the movie - Hey, that's the point, right? But in both cases, I just found that it was not perfectly flawless and unnecessary with everything in the movie plot, especially For me, this movie started from there. One of the worst points about this movie is that I hate every character. In this story, the boy, Dougie, is annoying. Laughing !!! I'm losing to explain that he might cut all those bodies and people killed before his eyes. It's a trick! I mean, come here !!! I fully understand that being in a horror movie, the character must be quite stupid like running upstairs when you should blatantly run out of the house screaming for help. But this kid took biscuits! I want to kill him by myself at the end of it! It's completely unbelievable and if I have to hear him say 'duh!' Again, I'll slap my head against the wall because that's what watching this movie feels like. Why didn't I close the movie? Mostly because I honestly believe that sometimes the ending can be exchanged for movies. But I'm wrong in this case The ending did not exchange this movie, it made me more angry and caused me not enough to outline. I understand! The murderer often comes back to dress like everyone else, being welcomed into the house by stupid children and having fun with killing again because no one suspects him in that set! I got it! This movie makes me angry for the body because it's so stupid! And if you misunderstand that you watch this movie, be careful of the gut Frankly, if the man had an intestine that seemed to me surprised that he had not died and left alone until someone ripped them off and tied it to the chair <br /> <br /> in reality I will continue to say that the only character I like in this movie is the real killer. Purely because when his 'regular jokes' work, it works In conclusion, the plot of the film dragged things that might be well done. Why did the murderer kill him? I don't know. I can live without knowing who he is. Actually, it's normal. But without any motivation - hell, I don't know. I'll manage him to have a bad Halloween like a child! - seems to have lost consciousness Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid In fact, I hate this movie so much that I register with IMDb specifically, so I can comment. Save your money, save your sanity. Stay away from it!
