This is a horror movie "anthology". It consists of four short stories taken from Robert Bolch's novel. (Author of Weird Tales and a personal friend with HP Love Kraft But the most famous for the original "Psycho" story. The quality of the story is very uneven and I don't think much about this movie. It's creepy or scary. It would be better to do as a comedian like "Comedy of Terrors". Only the last 4 stories are made with humor and should be the best for them. (People with Ingrid Pitt) I saw some parts of the anthology Amicus and the only film worth my time is Freddie Francis' Tales from the Crypt. The poetry style works well for manufacturers because it means They can hire actors "big names" to hire them for just one week of filming and then use the big names. So you have to pay a movie star salary for 6 weeks but get 5 or 6 different names in the pavilion. But that is unfortunate for the audience because the audience wants to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt. Actually acting together, but they are stuck in vignettes by themselves. So let's take a look at each other for a moment. <br /> <br /> The first story is Denholm Elliot, who admires greatly in trying to bring dignity to his stupid role as a writer threatened by His own character. Unfortunately, the actor who played Dominic, the source of horror, Tom Adams looks stupid, which destroys any horror. There are some hilarious things if you want to laugh. Mock it like a dome Nick killed the psychiatrist Elliott. It's a patented scene where the killer crawls behind the victim. But no one is watching, so all the viewers should shout out "Look out behind you!" The second story is about Peter Cushing. God. I love that man a lot. Terrible. His film has a very foul smell. In the story that he should go out for a long lost love and he saw her image in the wax museum. It is a completely predictable story that goes anywhere. <br /> <br /> Then you have a part with Christopher Lee, where he plays the father of a little boy who becomes a witch. Again, this bit should be fun if you play to laugh. But we should be shocked when Lee slapped the ball and surprised when she became an evil actress. Chloe Franks is quite good in the role of "Bad Seed". <br /> <br /> The last story is a good story. Comedy ... Ingrid Pitt plays as an actor and Jon Pertwee is an actor. Buy unintentionally the vampire cape, which makes him a real vampire. That's all the story has to offer. I was surprised at the badness of English by Ingrid Pitt. I guess she would have to be dubbed in other movies that I had seen her. <br /> <br /> Not a very memorable movie or story that I Would like to recommend to everyone but who makes the horror perfect
