The story of this film is fun and strange. Two women travel through the Middle East and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie about the Middle East and Central Asia, this is a very scary matter. <br /> <br /> The film's producers are not researching or incredibly lazy when filming. In order to begin and not be the most accurate, the Nuristanis, they are known in the Thirties and of course, since the 1890s and the conversion of power by Abdul Rahman Shah of Aghnaistan is not a nomad. In fact, they have not been homeless since the invasion of the Aryan people in Central Asia more than three thousand years ago. <br /> <br /> The two cities filmed in Tehran are not Tehran, which is well understood. Around the city can not stand out from the city of Tehran, which is surrounded on all sides by the large mountains that dominate every aspect of the city. <br /> <br /> Third, Persia, despite the facts It is spoken in Iran and Afghanistan, never heard in the movie. When there are native speakers who do not speak German, they speak Arabic. in reality 'The Persian Guard' at the border said 'Ma hadha rujal' (this is not a man) and not 'in the nard nist' as it should be in Persian. In addition, love songs between Indian princesses and one of the main characters is Spanish. While speaking in the garden, one of the main characters said that the Quran used the word 'Ferdos' and 'jehaan' and later referred to the drug. These words have not appeared in the Quran, as they are Persian for heaven (in fact, Ferdos and Paradise are cognates that are very far between our languages) and 'world' respectively, although Jehaan is near Close to When they met the nomadic tribes in the desert, the language spoken in Arabic, despite the fact that there was no Arabic language owner in Iran and Afghanistan and that language was the main religion with some educational use At that time> <br /> When they stopped in Iran before reaching the Afghan border, the people they met were completely different from the Iranian group. Their tents are often Bedouin with walls and high profile carpets. In Iran, it is especially unusual for those wearing Turbans unless they are monks. The language spoken in Arabic is clearly from the initial greeting of 'Ahlan wa Sahlan'. When they reach Kabul desert, they find themselves in the sand which is different from the rocky soil found in the barren parts of the Hindu mountains. Gooch There is no light green scrub that covers the ground in summer and spring. The area was not fully utilized by the highest mountain of the mountain that won the Indian Killers because of the difficult and limited space. <br /> <br /> In short, the story is the only thing. In this film that has water and it is still weak and general place It lacks any attraction. It really is just the story of two women who are trying to learn about themselves when they reach Nuristan. However, still, it still happens and there is no real development from the characters at the end. he In the beginning and nothing changed except the broken World War II In the short term, this is a very bad movie that I will be rated at one star, except for the good scenes of Bedouin and Levant, even if they are wrong.
