The basic location of "Miami Golem" most definitely deserves a spot in the top, say fifty best movie converters that ever scripted down! I know that the top 50 does not sound impressive. But I have seen many strange movies with warp plans. I was prepared from the confusion because the film was directed and directed by Alberto De Martino, one of Italy's most ambitious and creative filmmakers. De Martino stole many ideas from the blockbuster. As successful as most Italian directors who did during that time But he often adds many things to make it more complicated, confused and overwhelming Not all De Martino's movies are valuable. But some things are very poor, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for a Murder". The concept of "Miami Golem" has many wonderful sci-fi elements and flicks. Disasters (such as "Aliens", "Starman", "Close encounters of the third category", "ET", ??) are called as rip offs. The only unscrupulous thing to be stolen from another movie is the open synthesizer music that sounds like Axel F. of Harold Faltermeyer's Axel F. from "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the film is a mixed scene. Sci-Fi fantasy, action, horror and superhero movie tricks Of course, it's not always reasonable. (But in most cases it's not true) but "Miami Golem" is a fantasy film and an undeniable aspect that makes my partner and I am fascinated from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> That story Very difficult to summarize, but I will continue to try. Craig Milford, a journalist with suspicions, is reporting the story of a German scientist who is accused of discovering extraterrestrial DNA within a collision meteorite and Taking to clone it, DNA cells belong to evil aliens who have eliminated the competition between other stars in the past and it will destroy all humanity without a doubt as soon as it is large enough. If this is not enough problem, Mr. Anderson ordered to steal the fetus that grows slowly because he thinks he can manage it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in the world of disguise, Craig Milford has a difficult mission to protect the world from evil fetuses. Okay, I know that all this sounds strange and ridiculous. But I guarantee that "Miami Golem" in reality is easy to flick and easy to digest In the first half of the film, it may be a lot of chaos and confusion because Alberto de Martino tries to keep the secret information by using the nasty red herring. The appearance of the character is too weak, the characters that support the mysterious behavior without real reason, and at some point there are speculations about the lost Atlantis continent. All of this is a misleading secondary material. However, and as soon as the setting becomes more or less clear, "Miami Golem" became a popcorn action movie in the early 80s with a bloody massacre, chase. Bright colors (in the Florida Everglades!) Explosions, genocide and the unfortunate fetus monsters in the bottle <br /> <br /> Now I don't want to make the impression that "Miami Golem" is a gem. Lost and ambiguous in the Italian theater of exploitation Don't make mistakes. This is a terrible movie! The event will become tolerable only when you accept the stupidity and inconsistency of the plot, and if you are not successful in that, it's better to just turn on the negative issues that don't. stop The performance was very bad, especially the B-movie veteran John Ireland as the protagonist James Bond. You can tell from his horror and by the way he gave his line that he still thinks that all the production will be delayed and just register for the examination. Laura Trotter seems to be the least sexy sexual desire, and those who draw amazingly VHS collars must feel the same way, because the charming women on the cover do not appear anywhere in the movie. This is embarrassing for Mrs. Trotter. However, the order of her nakedness was compensated for this because she was quite hot from the neck down. And finally, there is a difficult scene that David Warbeck has forgotten to take a helicopter from a school bus with an ordinary pistol! I don't think even though John Rambo is able to do this while he is a Vietnam veteran and Warbeck's character is a simple TV reporter.
