Journalist Craig Milford, who works for the Public Communications Center, James Keller, interviewed a German professor at the University of Florida, who created an unknown creature based on the object of the meteorite. But then a man named Anderson, who tried to control the whole world with life and his men killed his professor and assistant and robbed the creature. So Craig and his new psychic partner, Joan Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only with humans but also with fellow aliens (humans) from living things, begin to discover life and try to send it. Alien spaceships ... This film has an atmosphere and a great team. For example, there are actors David Warbeck of THE BEYOND, actress Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the creator of Sergio Stivaletti's special effects from Dario Argento's masterpiece and director (including story writers), Alberto De. Martino of a man with sharp eyes and killer on the phone And those who have these talents create unbelievably bad movies, but MIAMI GOLEM, which is a confusing movie of the announcer CLOSE OF THE THIRD KIND and E.T.THE EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL And this film is not only confusing, but still crammed, there are some things worth Genetic engineering and mental research Therefore, this film has at least one scientific and / or technical flaw; Genetic engineering and mental research have never been compatible. (Surprisingly, about the combination of engineering genetics and surprising mental research, Craig himself said that there must be a better explanation for the short hair piano. But ultimately the whole story of this film No, and can not offer a better description of all types.) In addition, this movie has something more laughable. Music with its problems What the songwriter, who has been credited as Robert Marry, doesn't have anything but a surprisingly proven song. BEVERLY-HILLS-COP-COP I don't want to say that the Italianised theme of BEVERLY COP HILLS per se. This is a particularly bad song. But I must say that it is clear that the song is not suitable for this movie. Of course, anyone who can think of BEILLLY HILL COP COP has compatibility with genetic engineering and / or mental research?
