Final score ... Who is interested - It's a reality show. There is no love for the audience. It is a panders for TV viewers who are lazy, do nothing and don't get anything. <br /> <br /> "Joe Millionaire" showing their reality. All blatantly Of epic proportions It's the best time for a watershed, not just for Fox. But for Americans who are watching people who like to watch and talk about this nonsense the next day The person you should be ashamed of your own Because as far as Fox promotes this waste, it won't make any money unless it's been watched by people. (And the boy is the last person to get the Super Bowl number almost!?) Don't bother people with many quality items. Write, direct, perform and generally have an effort to be canceled while you sit down and watch. This fun game list <br /> <br /> I've been an important supporter of Fox. It's us like me who likes and searches for quality TV that helped create a fox at the time of marriage ... with children and The Simps Edson Convenient enough. Now, those performances do not take up to 6 weeks with the current management. Gail Berman "The Kingdom of Terror" that is often called The network made war with the TV script and was as strange as the fans, the people that helped create them in the beginning. Now we not only But have to fight for a good performance But we have to fight with their own network It bothered me. Nothing that Fox had done for the past 3 years was due to the cancellation of popular songs like "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC could renew "Boomtown", but Fox couldn't lift the pathetic head To show only good items this season And the reason that they can do all this: the success of junk such as "Joe Millionaire". Now they can say "We don't want you to be a TV fan. We have a reality show." Obviously, they seem to have no idea that a lot of viewers drawn with this junk will not be certain and will abandon them in the next fashion. Come In making their base become like this, eventually killing the network as ABC has set up. <br /> <br /> The performance is funny. Here we have evidence in the classic fox finesse now that promises us something different and frustrating. But then sending things that are no different from "bachelor" or whatever. In the big 3, the fox has essentially gone to the end and "twisted" (quote / unquote) shows that they have no idea of ​​their arms they Now we know that these things show that no matter how they look different, they end up with the same cousin and end up in a fairy tale. We have to see actors who want weaknesses that the network chooses millions of strikes to suit a group of people who march around like bimbos. High schools pretend they like Evan Marriott because ... because of the competition and that. Is what you should do. Marriott himself is like a disfigured person who struggles hard to gather the simplest sentences. But how can women do (On average, it looks very ugly - the major deletion is to express happiness with this kind of offense). Don't fall in love with "Joe" with charming charms like "Look, you're not a fool." /> <br /> I used to think that those who watch reality / dating / games are just lazy to change channels, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think they have to. Truly mentally impaired Come to others and have a little more pride in yourself. Need a little more entertainment from you. <br /> <br /> Boycott FOX
