Serum begins when Eddie (Derek Phillips) is pleased to learn that he has been recognized as a medical school to continue the family tradition of becoming an MD like Dennis O'Neill. And Uncle Eddie However, his happiness may be very short when Eddie is involved in an accident & being hit by a car leading to the nearest hospital. It doesn't look good for Eddie, so poor. His uncle, Eddie, convinces Richard. His brother let him help Eddie with the serum he developed. The serum will allow the recipient to heal any kind of wound or illness. Desperate to let his son live, Richard agrees. But the above steps have undesirable side effects such as changing Eddie into a brain-eating zombie, which is not a good thing ... <br /> <br /> I'll reveal myself perfectly and Saying that the serum is terrible, Mitchell is one of the horror movies that doesn't have a budget, which tries to cut other parts of others & end up having more fun than pulling nails with pliers. The script is terrible. It has both Re-Animator (1985) giving the impression to a mad scientist who uses a lot of syringes trying to get rid of death. But it's very boring. It's not true. In the first forty minutes, there is nothing more than a boring drama. Nothing is expected to make the time run out and Eddie arrives home after spending time and finding his ex-girlfriend next to the other, quarreling with his stepmother drunk with his spouse. So when the boredom of the first forty minutes ends & if you still watch it, it takes twenty minutes to make the animation move again and then he kills a few people. The police catch him. And shot him at the end thanks to God. Serum without any kind of connection to a good movie, the sucking of the characters, the conversation is not good, it takes himself too seriously. It's boring. It's slow. It's forgotten and thinks it's a horror. There is a lack of blood, horror, blood or horror. Not recommended. I mention that the serum is boring. I think so. <br /> <br /> Director Frank doesn't do anything to make this thing lively. The blood level does not exist, there is blood, splashing the neck, biting the scar on the face of the dead girl, two scenes with a needle piercing the skin and that is Do not expect Re-Animator in the gore department because if you make you very disappointed as if I was actually Shoot in what looks like a house, a restaurant, and a movie lab. There is no variety & just insult. There are two naked scenes. But there is nowhere near enough to record it. <br /> <br /> Technically, this movie isn't too bad, at least it seems like using the right camera. Special effects because there is no serum that is generally spoken. But looks professional enough Obviously shooting in Texas or should it be read, should it be shot in Texas literally? The performance is terrible, although I think they are the right actors instead of the friends or family of the director. <br /> <br /> Serum is a scary movie. It's boring, slow, boring, no wound and feels like. Scary soap Opera for the first forty minutes I do not understand why everyone feels like having to watch this when they can see Re-Animator or one of its sequels. Instead, I encourage you to miss the serum. There, I just saved your life from losing 90 minutes. You can thank me later.
