"Serum" starts with a credit that is quite reminiscent of the movie. "Re-animator" and it owes them a lot. The story is very similar. Mad Doctor develops a serum that he believes will help relieve pain, illness and death. But apparently he is not a great believer in clinical trials and winding up zombies eating his brain in his hand with his grandson Zombies seem like one of them from "Re-animator" and actually make-up effects in "Serum" is not bad at all. Unfortunately, the script is quite slow and unbelievable in some places, which results in the drama feeling like the first 3/4 movies. For some reason, the director felt compelled to tell the time to us every few minutes by flashing with a large white letter on the screen. I can't see why this is important, apart from trying to give time to the audience. Sometimes it may not appear otherwise when plotting a plot. <br /> <br /> There are many moments that are not included here. For example, one victim was baton with a sliding hammer. But when we saw the victim's head approaching, there was no trace of that injury. In another scene, the character runs along a pathway in a hospital with enough light. (We can see the circle of light on the ground in reality) with a flashlight in the hand. Look for all the worlds that he is walking in darkness ... But a moment later, the second character went down the pathway Enough light without anyone These examples are just examples. The moments of what seems like a director or editorial sloppy often occur in movies. <br /> <br /> "Serum" is better in some aspects than what is straightforward with videos like. Independent horror recently in terms of technical items For example, sound and photography It has more beautiful looks than many DVD formats. On the other hand, there are still many wooden performances. (Especially by one of the characters bringing the mad scientist himself!) And the absurd moments that have nothing to do with the suspension of unbelief and everything about writing and continuity Perhaps these things may be something that people who are involved in creating this movie will get more experience. One of the problems of free horror with low budget is that filmmakers often create popular movies with more budgets and often ineffective. It is not in the case of "Serum" in any way.
