Green Street in the UK or Hooligans is a bad movie The story is full of ideas and strange places that everyone who lives in England has ever been to a football game or knows the first thing about football. Will find immediately. <br /> <br /> My first tangible thing. And Huligan is poor The casting of the two main characters Don't understand me wrong. I like Elijah Wood and very much respect his work. But he tried his best to pull this role out. The main motivation for his character is the anger at the system and the treacherous anger. But he spent most of the film quiet and cheerful, just showing his aggression, being imprisoned in a short scene at the end of the movie. This is linked to his face and body, making him unbelievable to be a football gang. I do not have confidence in the time when the film is a) he can handle himself in the fight with the gangsters and b) 'thugs company' will accept such people to fold them. <br /> <br /> Others. The main character is played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks that part and is quite credible as a gangster. Unfortunately he was a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne in the north of England. He showed East London's worst accent since Dick Van Dyke tried to go to cock-en-y in Marry Poppins. Do not disturb American viewers who are less intimate with the language of the United Kingdom. But coming from the UK, it was a problem that I couldn't ignore and it resulted in the film breaking me. All the actors give good performances and are carefully selected, especially the role of Bover. The young man who plays this character should be more suitable for the main role Charlie plays. With movies like this, you have to convince the audience that your character is reliable. But casting selection failed Imagine if you create a movie like The Godfather and Sean Hayes (Jack) from Will and Grace plays Michael Corleone. You won't believe the story in Hooligan is full of uncertainty. I'm not a football Hooligan, but I'm an amazing football fan. I know that the 'regular' football supporters cliquey are like that. It is impossible for non-football fans that are not fans of the club in question, not from areas that are in trouble and not. British citizenship will be accepted by 'companies' that are like secret organizations in some cases. My last and biggest problem with this movie is the way that football footballers show I objected to the idea of ​​this film that even though it is a very violent person, the thugs ask themselves because they live according to their own ethics in the world and should be regarded as brave. This is a complete garbage. Football thugs are completely rubbish. They use England's national sports football and use it as an excuse to intimidate, threaten and scare people. They represent only a handful of football fans. But let the whole game and people in this country have a bad reputation They are not brave or loyal. They are cowardly and evil. If 'GSE' in this film truly loves their club, West Ham, why they dedicate their lives to the stain of the name Gangsta is difficult for football and English society. Football thugs do for the reputation of football, what Hitler did for Germany's reputation. Although this film will try / intend to demonstrate the violence of football It doesn't do much more than promoting it. It's a forgiving activity for sports fans. It doesn't show the innocent innocence of the spectators of the football match that destroyed their day by throw. Coins / lighters / glasses in the crowd. It doesn't show innocent houses and property owners who have to endure graffiti and broken windows. It doesn't show the true fans of football clubs that are offended and embarrassed when their supporters are banned from traveling to play outside or abroad to compete in Europe. If you want to see good movies about football violence, see the BBC drama 'The Firm'.
