The first film of the Matrix is ​​lush, with dramatic character development, sharp dialogue and action scenes that continue to flow through the story. These elements - coupled with the amazing special effects of the day - present the magic ride that makes you wonder all the time. Enter the Matrix Reloaded (and sequel, revolution). The problem here is not a special effect or The fight sequence, because some people may argue The brothers brought the characters that were well developed from the first film and dug them out like rotten sticks? The first connection between the audience and the screen characters in the first movie disappeared when you realized that these were not the same characters from the first film of this movie. <br /> <br /> Morpheus was developed to be A charismatic character and a profound philosophy beyond anyone in the movie, but here in Reloaded - we are presented by Morpheus, another person who stands hard and hollow. This character doesn't feel the same and may say that about himself. The drama that supports the movie <br /> <br /> The 'Tank' removal is also disappointing. Tank participation in the first film is minimal. But he played very well in Reloaded. We discovered that the tank had died after the first movie, and he was replaced by Jar Jar. A pair of stubborn binks who couldn't save his life. (Think of the old box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes) His performance makes me laugh all the time and most of his conversations do not have time. There was an overwhelming feeling that he tried too hard to convey his emotions on the screen. In any case, the experience is funny! Sometimes I feel embarrassed for actors ... <br /> <br /> Even Godly Neo's identity is still skeptical during most battles. Fighting the alleys with 200 Agent Smith certainly clone. One must wonder for someone who has a talent like Neo - which he will waste time in frustrating and ridiculous battles when there is more urgent matters to join (Especially when you consider his flight ability or his bad ability, Neo can send clones faster and more efficiently). Again, this action makes itself a script that is hindered by stability and The scene is created as a filler to protect us from the provocative feeling. In comedy, the expectations of the characters that we created in the first movie will be canceled immediately. Sad for those who expect more - you will definitely be disappointed. <br /> <br /> However, if you use Reloaded as a standard action movie that doesn't require labor and forget. Incredible inconsistencies and character development that are not accepted by the first movie, you should walk away with great pleasure.
