A semi-small pocket watch but still cute, two or three funny moments. What surprised me was that McNicol slipped and was very skeptical about morality. She does not play correctly (leg problems), but she not only does not "ugly duckling" that men avoid But she is still a person to eat - and we should feel for you! Oh McNicol, the poor little guy with her leg problems ... McNicol, poor little character ??! She has been continuously passed from men and even dropped them without blinking! There was one time that she had a love affair one night with a blonde button, and then she said that a French girl who had just found her quite baffled that it took time to create! Causing our viewers to wonder why she was the one who cares about her legs, if every man wants to hit her, almost everyone who really dislikes her after seeing her legs wrapped in metal is someone who works on the phone But otherwise, she seems to be doing well with men! No shyness, lack of success with men, and she threw them like toys. The way she left Carradine was ridiculous. A little girl that is bad, bad or not? I do not think so Still, we believe that this woman has significant confidence problems; So the scene in which she prepares to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow manages to throw a note on the ground, leaving nervousness, nervousness ?? The rest of the movie shows little or nothing to suggest that she has a problem of confidence, so this flute scene is ridiculous and doesn't fit with the big picture. I was astonished as well as fast and enthusiastic. McNicol made friends with a French woman who was drunk with a married man. On the surface, the movie seems to be "The emotional story of the struggle for acceptance of a disabled woman" (or something like that) but it is not so. Writers change clearly between this type of film and "Anything that moves - is a 80s movie" - very confusing. <br /> <br /> As far as your legs: It's not that she's big. The purple balloon, fat, grows on her calf muscles. She "only" has an ordinary metal prosthesis attached to the lower part of her leg, so I don't understand why the filmmakers tried to make it look like she was a Quasimodo woman. Something that The beginning of the movie It's not that she has a double head growing up from her neck! Although McNicol is hardly popular, cute, but nothing special. <br /> <br /> But what Carradine is playing is quite smooth (quite) flirting with McNi. Col and her friends! This guy is in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I think it is the same thing as Carradines in the movie, as well as Kennedys in politics: whether ugly, unable or mute, all the doors open for career in movies and politics, respectively> <br /> go down with <br /> <br /> If you want to read fake biographies about carradines and other hippie and Hollywood nepotism, contact us by email.
