One pair of one disc from Warner Home Video and in two better films is the great 1950s thriller RKO's "Where Danger Loves". This is a memorable classic ready. With great actors in Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rains. Photographed in a black and white frame by Nicholas Musuraca. It was tightly directed by John Farrow. "Where Danger Lives" is an important example of making noir shots and will be remembered. For work Stylish craftsmanship, which is the past of Hollywood - (see my full review) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is no The above praise can be applied to the second film on the MGM 1949 disc. The ultimate tension stink! Allen Rivkin and directed by John Berry. This movie is full of laughable characters and situations that are unlikely. The unimaginable relationship between a pharmacist who is gentle and miserable, Richard Basse, who plays gentle and openly rude wife. (Audrey Totter Terrace) is an unbelievable person. Then, when she "surprised" leaving him with one of her playmates (Lloyd Gough), our shy pharmacist instead of a cheerful person and above the moon, fortunately he found a new plan for revenge and attempted murder. Golf But at the last minute, the man was further murdered and our pharmacist was suspected of being the murderer of Barry Sullivan (impolite acting) and who killed him? At this stage of the movie, you don't have to care less because it was executed and ridiculous. Director Berry had no idea of ​​walking and could not even wear the style of things. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera to prevent you from nodding! The only tension in this movie is in the rubber band that has reached Barry Sullivan's limits and fingers as he introduces the introduction in this film. So much for that! The most unfortunate attempt! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey is the smooth monochrome movie by the great Harry Stradling, a powerful score by Andre Previn who is young and appearing. The first cute character of Cyd Charisse. Found her dance shoes. Hey! - Maybe she could save the picture if she gave us a few steps and a few pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> However, in its favor, there are many specialties that are included in both movie trailer and documentary films. But the disc is worth it for RKO Mitchum classic!
