Robin Cook's novel "Coma" became a successful film in 1978. A few years later, it became another popular Robin Cook film that received a large screen treatment, but in the case of Of "Sphinx", almost everything that could be wrong This is a scary, scary adventure that consists of wooden performances, stupid conversations, unbelievable characters. The only reason for the escape from the top 10 is the backdrop of Egypt giving more passion for the story. Hard to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (from "Patton" and "Planet Of The Apes") is the director behind this flood. <br /> <br /> Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is working during holiday In Cairo when she stumbled across an antique shop, Abdu-Hamdi merchant (John Gielgud), Hami, befriends Erica and was impressed by her enthusiasm and knowledge So he showed her the beautiful and incredibly rare Pharoah Seti I statue that he had kept in his shop. The existence of the statue caused great excitement in Erica because it could provide clues. Important to find Seti I's long-lost grave, which is a great reward as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922, before Hamdi Erik looked with fear. Quiet as he met his grisly end. Erica tries to hunt down the treasure with fear, but provoking her. She finds herself receiving help and hindering her mission by many other parties. No one truly trusts. For one, there is Yvon (Maurice Ronet). It seems like a friend. But perhaps someone with hidden motives? But there was Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian who Erica was attracted to, but could hide the dangerous secrets from her. <br /> <br /> The biggest problem of "Sphinx" in general is The result of all Ignore the credibility Down a little unbelievable as a Egyptian woman? One assuming that she will be educated quite well and is creative. But she spent the whole movie screaming like help, not like some busty bimbo from teen slapping In those rare occasions, which she actually did not run from a potential villain, she made other stupid things, such as shooting a polaroid flash in the grave, aged 4,000 years! The twisted plot is tough to say at least, mostly consisting of revelations and twice that can predict well in advance. Anyone can not try to enjoy movies at stupid levels. But enjoy the action because the pace is too slow What can be found, little action will be separated by the length of monotony. The famous comment of the movie announces: "Sphinx foul!" A two-hour movie that has never before been combined properly in 2 words.
