This film has nothing to do with the Sphinx and the title is a story to do. The story relates to the true and hidden tomb in the valley of the King of the Kings of the 1st Ceti Pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty. It is not a bad yarn and this film was filmed in many places. Even the scenes in the Winter Palace hotel lobby in Luxor were actually filmed there and not in the studio. The second thing, the unit is endless, and they have to let Egypt in the week. Frank Langella is very good as a sophisticated Egyptian. He should bring it as a hobby. The film was destroyed by Lesley Anne Down, one of the most annoying female actors in the world. She spent the whole movie wondering what she was like, her blue eyes refracting the light in the right angle, doing everything she wished after beginning her life as a model at the age of ten, hoping to have something for her? She is a clear example of all the most nasty things about the arrogance of women. And thought that the film was directed by Franklin Schaffer, the Oscar winner in 'Patton'! He gave the opportunity to this horrifying actress to groan and meticulously in one film, a hysterical moment in the form of an idiot of hurricanes as she rolls from a man to another one She should be an ancient Egyptian But she had never been to Egypt before! She took a taxi to Giza and caught the first glimpse of the pyramid, gleefully gushing: 'But they are very big !!!! Barf! Okay, that's script. But she is ready to create too much vulgarity and impresses that it is her natural element which I do not doubt for a minute The composition of the story is sound. Of course, a serious problem about the black market in ancient times. Truth! good job! Robin Cook's novel, which I have not seen, may be what I know. It was fun to see Cyril Swern as a recording artist in this movie because I had known him for a long time. Kathryn Stanley, Kubrick's daughter, explained that 'draughtswoman' I wonder what that means? Maybe she does some work However, the antiques in the movie are quite good. And we will see the Cairo Museum and many beautiful places They entered the tomb of King Tut Kamun! I don't think it will be allowed today for movies. There are inappropriate scenes in the mosque. That will not go down today, but in 1981 things are not on the agenda. The movie's music is really scary than Lesley Anne Down! But there is a surprising element of genuine audio tracks, one of the cries of the traffic sounds of Cairo, which are displayed correctly in the background and will make everyone who knows Cairo laugh. edgy In addition, the speaker who calls to prayer will always have a genuine touch again. Why don't they get this right? It may be good.
