I agree with the majority of comments I have seen written. I grew up watching Seseme Street before a lot of people who wrote comments were born. I was born in 1964, so I was 5 years old when Seseme Street was introduced to television. The show teaches my numbers (counting), spelling (Muppet) and about life. I like all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover and Cookie Monster) and don't understand why they have to change. I understand that everything must change in some way. But to make Cookie Monster become "veggie monster" to promote healthy eating The show has introduced new characters and monsters from the beginning. Why not create a separate "veggie monster" that talks / talks about the benefits of eating a variety of Cookie Monster, but coming back to my point? I grew up watching the beginning of Seseme Street. My 20 year old daughter grew up watching SS with me beside her and we talked about Mr. Hooper's dying, even though he died before she Born Topics in the show I saw when I was a big boy and still remembered that they showed good things like real life. And I'm sure it will affect the actors hard because of death and loss all affect the family You see this in the list and allow parents and children to talk about very difficult events. The list has talked about traditional families, adoptive families and collective families. Is one of the few items that discuss these real situations Now I have a 5 year old daughter who doesn't really look SS. I tried to watch the show a few times. But it's not what it used to be Elmo 1/2 hours and Mr. Noodle is absolutely ridiculous. As many people say, it doesn't teach anything. It is suitable for children younger than 18 months (maybe) and not funny. I am always proud of watching SS as a teenager and adult with my own child. Now, in my second round, I have a difficult time seeing SS. Topics discussed include death, marriage, non-traditional families, new relocation involving children and adults in an easy manner for children. Age 2-99 years to understand and relate At this time, there is no concept of minimum counting teaching, just mentioning the letters from time to time. It is not the same SS from the original watchers of the program. Please, if any producers from the show read these comments, go back to the foundation's performance. New concepts never had problems with SS. They used to have a better way to combine them with performances.
