If you want to watch a movie that combines Latin and other Latin countries, "The Celestine Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Perú, even during the most violent moments, did not show the police or the military. more Like in this movie This shows that the country like El Salvador when the civil war occurred. Because I am a Peruvian who lives in Lima (Capital of Peru) It's too funny that I can see the police here here everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Perú and you want (Or want) to be a taxi driver, just post a sticker with the word "Taxi" on your car's windshield and you can drive freely on the Peruvian road (there is a taxi company but the price is quite expensive). With a yellow or black / white stripe on your car door Taxis in this movie have a band that you will never see in Perú. 3. Peruvian people are not Caribbean style clothing. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he wore "Guayabera" (Cuban shirts), white hats and tentacles 40s, like Clark Gable. Not a Peruvian person that seems like that! Perú is not a Caribbeans! 4. One scene shows a woman on a street with skirts as long as a common set of villagers in Latin America. Stroll anywhere in Perú and you won't find a woman wearing that, unless you watch general dance. 5. The actor seems to be better: I can't deny Héctor Elizondo is a great actor. But he is not a Latin actor (His father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico. But he was born in New York) and his Spanish is Not fluent It is a famous Spanish language, not his first language. There are dozens of Latin actors who can perform as Cardinal Sebastián. Petrus Antonius (General Rodríguez) is a bad choice for "Latin police officer". It was very funny to see Elizondo and Petronius in the office of General Rodríguez. They look like two students from English or American in a Spanish class, trying their best to pronounce Spanish. Of course not. Castulo Guerra is better than in his Spanish language. The "Peruvian" officials who declare Cardinal Sebastian speak Spanish as well. There are very good Peruvian actors such as Augusto Alvarez - Calderon and Christian Myers. (Speaking of two Peruvian actors from many people) who can perform superbly. 6. I agree that the movie characters can let themselves be the inventors, cities or even countries. But when creating a name, be careful when using foreign languages: The city shown in this movie should be called "Vicente", not "Viciente". Vicente is the male name and Viciente has never been used. 7. I disagree with the user. One of which said that the film was filmed in a place in Peru There is no one place, Peru, although production is used in excess posters that show "Inca Cola" or Peruvian soda. As a few American films, this story requires any Latin country. Finally, for producers or directors. Latin Americans are like other Latinos. 8. In the first scene, when John (Matthew Settle) flies to Perú, he should arrive at the only international airport in Perú: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, the capital). I really believe that it would be any airport in the world, but the airport Peru. And of course, in the Peruvian airport, there are no soldiers or police to protect. 9. When John enters the room in this Peruvian hotel, he has a girlfriend and apparently doesn't have air conditioning. Please, this didn't happen in a hotel in Perú. (And other Latin countries) unless you get a 1 star hotel! 10. The rebels who fought with the government are ... Colombians! Their accent is no doubt from Columbia. In selecting them, producers should hire Peruvian actors. It is a cheaper filming in Perú. <br /> <br /> I can show more examples from this movie, causing me to vote "1" (terrible), but I fell asleep for about 20 minutes from the beginning. But the beloved producer: It's not a tragedy: there's a much worse movie with a few mistakes. Don't forget that "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and can't explain that Disney is. "Emperor's New Groove" The list of bad movies may be endless ...
