This film provides what is included in the short book, which I can tell by researching and investigating the facts, mostly as a work of fiction. In fact, there is no ancient paper roll, and if the author presses hard, I'm sure he must admit that he has never watched any scrolls in the ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "precious" messages are written according to Normally anonymous, destroyed by "The truth hates" in churches and in local governments Quite strange, since every modern crap comes out each year --- hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church seems to me not to feel bad about breaking the movement. As I do, it is all the pots that are available. I'm not a fan of your church. But at least the ancient texts that they hold in truth. <br /> It is a common form of deceptive artists and religious priests to claim to see. Or ancient documents that have been translated, which is a pity that "evil" humans are destroyed or in the case of Joseph Smith being brought back to heaven when translated Therefore, the actual text cannot be found in any museum, such as the Smithsonian Institution or translation, examined by experts in ancient languages ​​such as Coptic or Aramaic. It's a scam On the one hand, I admire everyone who is smart enough to create great ideas and earn millions. But I can't do it myself because I don't want to mislead the people. New Agey hokum <br /> <br /> Sometimes, the genuine ancient message will be hidden and disappeared for many years. Knowledge has been discovered and after the carbon dating and diligent study of the message that is considered true by the Gospel of Judas experts has been referred to as a heretic about 300 CE. At that time, which spoke of any celestial prophecies that were true, unorthodox, or anything else. <br /> <br /> - But the optimism in the Celestine Prophecy is not only The lies and lies and philosophies built on the basis of lying like a castle built on the sand will break the world of the Blade Runner that is ruthless, ugly and terrifying. It tends to be more like a horizon than a utopia. Love and peace! I tell the truth to people and they hate me. But tell them what they want to hear Celestine's prophecy is what the world needs to hear. Unfortunately it is a castle built on sand. do not get me wrong I want God. Celestine's vision is reality, but not without the ancient philosophies of all time that show ideas in depth with modern concepts of spiritual evolution. Hand in hand with biological evolution. These new ideas do not exist in the ancient world and do not exist until the evolution of Darwinianism became well known. That means the idea of ​​Celestine's prophecy cannot be older than 1800 CE and does not return to the pre-Christian era or near the time of Jesus of Nazarene. This type of claim by the new Agers is not unusual. In any way, the Wiccans claim that they are magic and their brand spells - "old religion" returned to the Stone Age, when in reality there had never been a book of shadows appearing. Over Gerald Gardner, who lived in the 1900s and was a friend of Alister Crowley. <br /> <br /> New generation masters tell lies and claim their ideas based on Of the ancient teachings, when in the past they had brought their noses to this nonsense Why do they do what they do wrong like that? Simplicity: There are millions of dollars and modern guru has authority over his or her followers. They compete fiercely and have strong hatred for the competition, even though they claim to love everything. Each bitter new age group will resist others. It's a fight for your thoughts and purse. <br /> <br /> But learn one thing from me, which is actually similar to one of the insights. Learn to follow your own instincts. That I can agree with wholeheartedly
