Now Disney has created a video sequel to get many animation features. These two things were created for the classic and in 1991, "Beauty and the Beast". Now, they are not sequels because both are set between the first movie. The first two straight films from this story are "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be disliked by fans of previous versions of the theatrical fans, but I think that is usually predictable by the sequel. However, the second movie, "Belle's Magical World", is definitely inferior. <br /> <br /> The film has three short stories, which occur while Bell is in the castle and the place is under the spell. The first witch is "The Perfect Word" where the misunderstanding at the table between Bell and the Beast leads to problems and doesn't want to be the first to apologize. The next story is "Fifi's Folly", in which the five-year anniversary of Fifi and Lumiere is about to come, and Lumiere is not prepared. So Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing love with Belle and thinks they are being Really love. The movie ends with "Broken Wings". In this story, Belle takes care of birds with wings that are broken. But birds in the castle may mean problems if the beast knows while he hates birds! <br /> <br /> The plot description I gave for the third VHS movie of Disney's "Beauty and the Beast" was evident in the DVD version. There is another story called "Mrs. Potty Party" but I only saw the original version However, since I doubt very much that one story will stand out as a classic above other things, I don't see any points in viewing the special edition. However, the first thing I will say about "Belle's Magical World" is that the animation has a lot of 2D compared to what we are familiar with Disney, which will make many people obviously disappointed. I don't like "beauty. And the Beast: A fascinating Christmas "but you can't say the same as its animation I'm sure the story in "Belle's magic world" can entertain children (most of whom are younger than I think) and each story has virtue so they can teach valuable lessons for them. However, for adults, this movie is not much. Personally, I did not find good humor in it, found that the conflict between Belle and the constant beast and the story didn't make me very impressed in any way (they rarely write) in "The Perfect Word". Bell speaks to the beast "You act rude ... and foolish!" Is a small matter, and I think there are a couple of wonderful moments in these stories. <br /> <br /> When this movie matches the first video, I am about eleven or twelve years old. I do not know what I will think at that time because I have lost interest in Disney and it will be many years before I receive the benefits back. Even when this film first launched, I thought I would rather go through the age group that focused on it. I've never seen "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" until a couple of months ago. But unlike that film, I have never heard of it before, until recently I thought that after seeing the sequel to Disney in 1991, as much as I liked the original drama, I wouldn't go away much if I had never realized. About the existence of this film For young children, I am sure that "Belle's Magical World" can provide good entertainment and may be quite educational about morality. But I do not recommend for Disney's adult fans
