Right! Lower than 9 on average but may be under 12 years for some people! I am 11 years old when I see this in a video and when I was a kid I couldn't notice low-quality cartoons or the fact that the classic characters we received were not the same or good to watch. Everything about 2D is here! Belle is, I will agree, even if not beautiful. But as a simple woman with colored skin, she wears a bright blue dress all the way without wearing a charming dress like a wardrobe is a little annoying Ears may fall if I have to listen to you every day! Lumiere, both in the original and Christmas versions, is gentle and elegant. But here he is a cute and cute girl! Cogsworth, despite being a ridiculous housewife he is famous for, is a complete sh-t and the most unbearable character I say! It seems that he often finds that closing his incredible paddle hole is very difficult in this film and those who should use the watch face to go back in time to two memorable movies in this series! Poor, poor Mrs Potts was not brought to life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classic actors), but by Anne Rogers, who didn't catch Mrs Potts's character, was not guilty of her! No, if you do her best! When the animals roar, it sounds scary, fake without any more roar, growling or roaring with a microphone. I know that this is just the third feature that follows two movies, so of course it's not as good as this. But I'm sure that more participation will not have an adverse effect on Disney artists that have actually achieved remarkable success. The pattern of animation over the years Nevermind, I guess, and I will see sometimes only when it suits me. It is quite difficult to give advice for you who read this because it depends on how old you are. But remember that this will not be what you expect after watching the previous exciting movie! And thought that in my video the message on the back cover says "Show off the wonderful animation"! It was a nice little flick, but for one thing it was terrible and the other 3 words that should be saved for the next original release again!
