Warning Spoiler: There are a few spoilers in this review. Do not read more than the first paragraph if you plan to watch movies. <br /> <br /> Currently, Disney Channel has a policy to create many movies and show one month on cable channels. These are mostly mediocre and boring, with a few good elements. But still disappointed ('Phantom of the Megaplex,' 'Nanny from Planet Weird,' 'Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century') every time they do something really wonderful (`Genius '' The Other Me ') But once in a while, the Disney channel made a big mistake and made us really smelly. This month (December 2000) Disney Channel presented' The Ultimate Christmas Present 'which I thought was terrible due to Bad writing and acting worse. Obviously `The Brainiacs.com 'Hurry out for a few days before Christmas to jump on holiday because the story relates to toys. They pay for features on TV Guide, so I think it must be better than usual. I was shocked. There was only `behavior of the model. 'Disney's only worse. <br /> <br /> The story is more detailed than usual. I often let that slide But here it goes too far Matthew Tyler is very ill from a widow who spends most of his time at work. His father owned a small toy factory that brought a large amount of loan to a delicate bank. Time after time, his father had to cross the map with his son and daughter. Matthew decided that the only way he could spend time with his father was if he was the boss and ordered him to stay home. He got the idea that made me frustrated to create a website that children around the world could find and send him dollars to invest in computer chips that his sister was invented. The whole concept was filled with mistakes when children sent millions of dollars. Matthew opened his own bank account and bought most of his father's business shares. He is a secret boss But he did not reveal this to his father But instead of showing himself at the board meeting as a cartoon image through the computer The image is very complex (and ridiculous) which is impossible for someone to create it at home, which is less stupid than Matthew. In the short-term planning, Matthew ordered his father to spend more time playing with his children. But the federal agent shows a lot of inquiries about Matthew's company. Here, as mentioned above, what they do here is impossible, even with the true genius that these children are not. Websites, cartoons, computer chips, even what they're teaching in school, are still too advanced for these children. The performances of most actors, especially Kevin Kilner, are terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays the evil bank owner. But his part is to throw away He has a good scene with Alexandra Paul. (Which shows that she has the ability to perform) which he describes his motivation But nothing more And the rich, the young people lost their role as judges There are some things that are disgusting and not being called for anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest cruelty is a heavily hammered theme These themes appeared in many Disney Channel movies, but never before these conservative messages were severely smashed. The idea that `Parents work very hard 'Was pushed hard and after sending it improperly in' The Ultimate Christmas Present ', seeing it made my mood worse Family relationships are important. But Disney must stop the endless sermon because work is important in maintaining a family that can work as well. Except the cancellation of activities due to work, the father did not meet that bad thing But I found it offensive when Grandma told him `I don't like what I see '. The bad thing is to preach the idea that every single parent must marry if they want to raise children. Entering Alexandra Paul, who is a character while important to the plot, has an interesting love for father only. This dissatisfaction proved that Disney's brain was reliant on the brain to avoid scraping from the bottom of Disney's script tank. Instead of allowing this film to teach your children how to deceive seriously, wait for the Disney Channel movie. It must be better. Zantara's score: 1 out of 10
