Definitely not a resounding number. This movie is definitely boring. <br /> <br /> My friend has received a lot of advice from me about "that stuff." Elevate and mystery things, plus all other things that might happen to me when I see the truth. At this point, it may sound like someone who has an inclination to think that anything related to metaphysics - the physical / physical boundary of the metaphysical Believe me, I'm not a person like this. I try to open my heart about any presentation and then decide. <br /> <br /> In terms of content, the only thing I find interesting and informative is the bit of the peptide. Addictive and mobile phone receiver That is the only element that I can find in the documentary of this film. The rest of the documentary went through many topics and seemed to be unified and tried to link and summarize the issues. And what is it about the Native Americans who can't see the ships that Columbus took? Who said "authority" in this movie, what happened in 1492, where are they? If they compare this to the scientific work done in visual perception (Famous gorilla videos, such as visiting the Visual Cognition Lab at the University of Illinois website) may have more credible issues However, here it seems that the mysterious mumbo-jumbo is supported. <br /> <br /> As a movie: This is not a movie, it's two stories. I found that the documentary part was just so interesting to hear people talking about what they were talking about. (I was annoyed that their credentials were not shown at the bottom of the screen when they spoke at least at first!) But I found the "story" as part of the movie with Matlin in that annoying, disjointed, intrusive, irrelevant, and seriously stupid A bit about Polish marriage and dancing is not a joke at least. It is a ridiculous, complex and silly story. And I found that the use of the word "Pollack" was offensive It seems unusual and unusual. Such use is okay because the members of the group use insulting words to refer to the group because he or she is a member of the group? May be okay to score But doesn't seem to use the method here And in any case, I do not care why it makes me a polar I never call myself or refer to my ethnic background as "Pollack" and of course I don't like when others do. Can I watch or listen to large conversations that use this word? You betcha! But it seems that this is not the case anymore. It seemed to be out of place. Not compressed. Unapproved. <br /> <br /> The performance is profound. Elaine Hendrix's performance is unbelievable. Sometimes it seems that she just read her script that just gave her. Most Marlee Matlin seems to be sleeping, walking through all this. Maybe she is confused with the material I know i am If she should be able to demonstrate drug abuse more easily, indifferent anxiety, it does not seem to click. But as far as the worst in the world is Hendrix! Overall, I found parts that were not connected and clapped badly.
