It seems that the creator of this film will have trouble deciding what their message is. So they have more problems delivering They started by explaining the bad quantum physics principles that are related to subatomic particles. After creating a vague image of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle, they present the chief's talk that creates a case of shocking absurd logic that everyone who lives is a legal entity that follows the same quantum rules. At the cosmic level Then there were many discussions about the idea that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins had done their career: positive thinking, bad interruptions, always looking at the bright side, etc. Next, a little Protein production: The hormones that we choose, more or less, will create. If you are sad, you will create a sad protein. If you are happy, you will create a happy protein. It's very easy, right? Combined with our lessons, we pursue the fictitious life of Amanda, a photographer who appears to resist depression and hates her thighs. Slow filmmaker But trying to make all of us say "Hey, manda, just give encouragement!" Why aren't you cheerful? Obviously it is because the world is a bad place with crime and poverty and religion. That is why. Summary of this film (Which is generally the second half of the whole year) causing conflicts We are all part of all the energy that we are not living creatures. But is a collective consciousness But we are people who can change the world But there are many of us because of the different size But we can choose We are and we have a purpose to do good. But there is no God because there is nothing better than us, so there is no right and wrong, so there is nothing to give reward or punishment, so there is nothing good Used to come out of religion But we should continue to do good, even if there is no bad thing and good, because no one decides what it is, except the fact that each of us can make life better if we all meditate. Then the crime will stop and if we say what is good, our water will become solid and beautiful Still with me Well, because there is more, according to Robert L. Park, in his book "Voodoo Science". All the meditative experiments laid out by John Hagelin in Washington, DC are funny. The numbers were examined and the murder rates increased that year when Before or since. What is your positive attitude that makes you young and healthy? This is a message sent by an old man who looks at his age and overweight women. <br /> <br /> Can all of this work? I was lucky enough to watch a movie at the theater at Betsy Chasse, one of the three directors of the film (yes, three people) following the question in the show. I called myself lucky because I received direct confirmation that these people didn't know what they were talking about. Many questions that the audience members asked her made her stumped as her chiropractor had to step in and recite the answer. In the end, I had to leave when the inevitable political change and everyone, including Ms. Chasse, began to speculate on how amazing the world would be if President Bush would only see the movie. this
