This is a crappy movie, full of insensitivity and countless numbers. I watched this movie just because of my favorite actors. (Ron Livingston) made a cameo in the movie and I continued to watch, because as a girl I love movies that contain male nudity for change. Later, I found myself wondering how much the story would be ridiculous and each time it had ... more ... ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sean Crawley (Chris L. McKenna looks Well, I've never seen it before - but love his small nude scenes). The ending was as a painter when he met electrician Duke Wayne (George Wendt from "Cheers") thought he was getting more work from Duke. , Sean agreed to meet with the contractor Ray Matthews (Daniel Baldwin, played as a stereotypical evil George) Ray are being monitored by the accountant's capitol. (Ron Living in Jok, which I love since "Office Space" until "Sex and the City") Ray ended up offering Sean $ 13k that was clearly hopeless to kill the accountant and Sean accepted the job. Sean went out to his wife's account (Kari Wuhrer). He found himself attracted to complete the hit-and-leave. Bring the data files to Ray and him. Sean knew that he had been used so quickly that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean used this file as a tool to earn money. <br /> <br /> At this point it was a flick ... in general. And it was worth watching, but as soon as Ray Duke and their team kidnapped Sean to the muscle, the information about the files coming out of him was stupid and stupid. (And still a fool ...) until it finally seemed like the movie writer Charlie Higson snapped from a hangover, wrote 10 days and realized that he wanted to figure out how to wrap an unbelievable mess He created before the deadline or something. Suppose that in every scene that you watch after the kidnapping, you will find yourself gaping. "The things that f ** K !," are baffled by the constant nonsense as Sean walks along the path. Graphics and gross are fairly fair. With redemption Finally, many loose ends are left in the movie that you start to regret that you watched it. <br /> <br /> This is the movie you should watch after it hits you and you. There should be enough beer and friends to mock this movie for value. It should be a psychological thriller and McKenna is a good actor. But it's hard to give yourself to a movie when you have "Norm" from "Bravo" and Baldwin's brother who is dirty and kidnapped strategies that make No guilt People will love violence, blood scenes and courage, and the absolutely unnecessary sex scenes and stunts. Girls will enjoy shooting Shaun's worthless bumps in mainstream movies when almost every girl. People who were attacked in the movie Personally, I hate that only one actor is worth looking at than his appearance (Ron Livingston) is just one of the three movies.
