Oh, we have a misunderstanding here. A terrible movie that your mind will doubt and drift into other things because it makes you waste time with a low-value brain. The pattern of the worst and racist type characters since D.W. Griffith calls the Chinese characters in Broken Blossoms as 'yellow people'; The characters that have no imagination and no involvement are difficult to watch, including the narrative that is plotting slowly, silly, and pointless that you will ask people who say they like this movie. <br /> <br /> Prizzi Honor is a movie that ends with post-modern disasters in every way. This film is a disastrous and ridiculous disaster with director John Huston, directed by Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson, staring and others filling the void, whether it is a stupid map or a supporting character that cries. On the phone all the time, or again, or quarreling with the main character Prizzi to honor a movie that falls into the genre of neo-noir, romantic comedy, gang action and criminality. Overall Matching with the director and actor should be enough to propel it through certain stories. Some good scenes Some ingenuity in the form of a script or something else But not? What we get is a nasty and ugly movie that revolves around nothing. <br /> <br /> I'll give you a few examples of how horrifying this horror movie is. Firstly, the movie is thought of as a love story and thinks about it for about an hour: My time, Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a killer who kills people in the family he works for New York and he looks like himself. His drama from One Flew Over the Cuckoo is more than an international killer. He finds and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner), another killer, and they shoot it out. But when there is a poor excuse for this plot, it seems that everything is wrong. I read that the plot of this movie is: "Professional killers and female killers fall in love only to discover that each of them is hired to kill others." Yes, it's true. But the actual revelation will not happen until the end of about twenty minutes! Nicholson plays Partanna like someone with IQ 60: He walks around; Seemed to observe and speak out loud about what he saw He said that he was drunk or had serious problems from the inside, and worse, we never felt he was a murderer? One previous terrible shot (Actually, outside the screen) is not enough to introduce this man as a person with the strongest body and the best of the international killer. <br /> <br /> So with the main character Who is not like and unrealistic? We move to the script. The first half of the hour is just the death zone of the movie theater, which has been said that there is only a trace of life But the meeting was poor: Partanna pat on the phone or someone who asked the same thing over and over again: "Will I marry you? I love you. What is love? What do I do? And it has been repeated. It cannot act as a good humor This method always seems to be a partner with the phone: a woman named Maerose Prizzi (Hust) played by the daughter of director John; Which serves absolutely no purpose for any plot and appears to have to laugh as well as in the scene where she tells her father about the way she sleeps with Partanna and loves it ?? That makes me think this should be funny? Should I laugh? The film feels like a smart mafia, what happens to the wedding scene (alá The Godfather) and the scene that follows with Noir's touch as a villain, the police and the assassins are brought in the movie But what we get is a very different thing. <br /> <br /> The second hour revolves around the plot of kidnapping. Yes, love and romance are related to ?? Maybe the movie might start playing I am very wrong: when more and more characters speak very slowly and deliberately only, we have a kidnapping scene involving a man coming out of his office: this scene summarizes the movie. Everything has a short plan, then proceeds in a tough and dumb way that makes it look magical. We didn't see them coming to drama music. Maybe they have to go through security to get to the elevator. Maybe they have to watch out for civilians when they hide in the place they choose and when the random women step out of the elevator and the projectile happens ?? The scene is not corrected correctly. Some suspense drama: "Will I shoot or not me?"; Maybe slow motion may be because the characters have to draw fast before it's too late? Any thing, but it was executed. Prizzi's honor is still tedious and not interesting in forgetting the film because it is near the top. It is a film in which the camera reflects light in the windows. The light shines on the side of the car and the driver who "dies" blinks when provoking Prizzi to honor the film that is messy and messy to try out the patient's audience and not the movie. Say it is a joke because I don't laugh too? That it is another matter This film is plucked out and without color in the vision and scope of the initiative - no honor here.
