After seeing the MIDNIGHT offer, I still believe that the first good movie about witches (teens) must be done. I didn't think about CRAFT too much and I didn't get the attention as well. The only movie I like more or less (About teenage witches) is LITTLE WITCHES (1996) and even the story is not good But the change is if you like all the movies, you will enjoy the presentation. MIDNIGHT <br /> <br /> I'm expecting a dull and scary 80s movie about a teenage witch in high school. But I was quite surprised that this movie played quite seriously. The performance is good and serious all the time. No jokes that were played by teenagers or anything. At first I thought the music score was quite good. It increases the horror and something 'beautiful' by using the violin that is intimidating and all. But when the movie went, I concluded that the score was too ambitious. They don't have to add a terrifying violin when you see someone back up the car and drive out at normal speed. <br /> <br /> Then there is Melissa Sue Anderson, which is the main reason I see it. This movie. A few weeks ago I saw her on a happy birthday with me quite fun, thick plot. (And sometimes stupid) slasher-movies, which she has done in the same year as midnight offers And I must say that she is very good like a cold witch But the main problem of the movie is that almost nothing happens! Vivian died and caused an accident. Yes, but that was then a good witch Robin who just learned about her power. And we expect them to use their power more than once But there is only one time that they use their power to make teak pieces and other things. Should that be a fight between two powerful witches? And the worse thing is that I hope to see an impressive performance between the witches at the end of the movie with special effects, at least a flaming eye or anything ... but nothing happens. The confrontation at the end has But the big disappointment <br /> <br /> So the performances of both witches are good. Music score is quite good. (Although too ambitious) and filming is quite dark and sometimes moody. But that hasn't created a good movie, right?
