Often movies about characters that hate themselves are not created for good drama. 'Nancy download' is no exception. It should be based on the true story of a woman killed by her own request by someone she met over the Internet. <br /> <br /> The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell) Albert is a successful software developer who develops golf games in which his company has successfully marketed various bars and bars / restaurants that are different from most humans. Albert does not have positive features. (Except his ability to succeed in the business world) Throughout the film, Albert shows a grim and boring face. He had no sympathy for his wife who had emotional problems and resorted to prostitution. When his wife asks for sex, he will punish her by acting in front of her. <br /> <br /> Nancy is the only note, not only will she have a lovely marriage, but only 15 years. She was sexually abused when she grew up. (Thank you for not having a retrospective story in this film) Her self-hatred uses a form of self-harm and makes her forced into treatment. However, she insulted the therapist without progress. Finally, Nancy felt so much pressure that she contacted Louis on the internet. He is a man who has sexual intercourse with women who have money while causing heavy pain. It was revealed that Louis had two children. But didn't see them anymore (The mother of the child no longer needs him anymore) <br /> <br /> Nancy's plan is to have sex for the first time with Louis, then let him kill her. There are unwanted scenes. It was special that Louis had sex with Nancy while hurt her vagina with broken glass. These scenes show that it was a retrospective after Louis visited Albert, who binds him and strikes him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a double plan to see Albert: 1) cursing him for keeping Nancy and 2) enjoying the dance he gets It took a while before Louis revealed the fate of Nancy. First of all, he forced Albert to do what he liked to take the dog to relatives so that someone would take care of it in the future. Of course, Nancy's fate is that Louis eventually makes her choke to death. (But he expressed hesitation because he clearly said that he had 'feelings' for her). Soon we knew that Louis was imprisoned for life for the murder of Nancy. <br /> <br /> What will we take from movies like Downloading Nancy? Should we feel sorry for the victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is that the main issue of the movie? Sympathy for Nancy is true or not guaranteed? I do not think so The film's writer created the straw man in the manner of Albert, who was cut from his emotions that he was responsible for Nancy's rejection. But do people have one dimension in real life? I think not. They have a disgusting Louis who is a person who makes a living by pain and comes to beat Albert to neglect Nancy. In addition, expressing his love for Nancy (Before he killed her) should be shown <br /> <br /> In the end, it has little significance, no matter how the filmmakers determine the characters in the movie, they feel baffled by making the audience excited. Violent scenes free of charge, which downloading Nancy is not just an exercise in bad taste and soft porn.
