Nothing is original, especially about the union of corruption that is one side and "Chief Lawyer" on the other side, light and complete photography But nonsense arises from the fading noir cycle The story may come out of Warner Brothers' drawers with George Raft in the introduction. Performances are routines, flat directions, and even dress scenes. (The alleys are shown with a single plaster wall of the replica bricks. It has a poster on the poster. The poster says "Post without bills") We were introduced to some stories and characters from the narrator who told us. Although most unions are working hard and honest to develop the causes of members. But there are some who are corrupt But we do not know much about the union or the way they work, although I think they are a fair game after the success of "On the Waterfront" a few years ago. This is just a pin for hanging stories. The true ring leader is a lawyer who has not been withdrawn, which runs through three to four gangsters, the district attorney (or whatever he) finds like Dana Andrew in "Boomerang" that the man is wrong. (Dick Deep) was charged with murder and he spent the rest of the film almost alone digging the evidence of Foran innocence. He battled like he was, and filmed like an inexpensive private movie. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is D.A. He shows off his impolite talent. But here he spent most of his time talking quietly and staring at the floor. Elijah Cook Jr. is a cute person. But can not get drunk Beverly Garland is ok. But was destroyed by her guidance, which stares at her in a nightclub when she should pretend The rest of the actors will be suitable for the TV series. <br /> <br /> And no one can help with the writing when "B girl" is being sent by the mob to some Filipinos. Only a few words must be learned in Spanish. "I know only one word," she said. "Si, yes." The author does not trust the audience that "si" in Spanish means "yes." Hole in it, Keith visited the witnesses McClatchy her in a nightclub. He entered the door and had a gun pushed to his back with yegg, but he beat the person who weighed and knocked him out. Then the person ordered to call the police. The rest of the long-playing scene in the lower-level nightclub forgot everything about the police and they never appeared, and they didn't expect anyone else. <br /> <br /> There's nothing to be ashamed of. at all And some people may enjoy it But there are similar things better than others
