A group of hunters follow werewolves, kill them, execute and sell their heads to Dr. Atl (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan) who is unethical, a private clinic specializing in corneal transplantation Chemist, researcher Rich Stevens (Mark Sayier) whose eyes were destroyed when the acid flew to his face during an explosion in the laboratory as the unfortunate recipient of the werewolf's eyes. It took a while before reaching the first full moon. So first, we will get a gentle love story between the rich and the nurse Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Start riding the rich on the bed before he has the opportunity to remove the bandage! After one month in the hospital, the rich go home to find Rita's ice wife. (Deborah Hub), who told him immediately "You look ugly" before hurrying to Kia. Our heroes soon discover that Rita is not only But a bitch But a woman who has an affair with Craig (Lyndon Johnson) Finally, the full moon arose and the rich found himself in a difficult situation as he transformed into a human werewolf (very stupid). <br /> <br /> After Craig's neck fell on the beach, the rich man woke up in the brush the next morning with his tattered clothes and reminiscent of an ambiguous evening event. He became friends with the expert Andros (Kurt Levi), a dwarf and mysterious psychic, and confuses the author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and the police lesbian detective, Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). At the meeting, the doctor sent a bald head of Kass (Eric Mestressat), who was kicked out of the carcasses that were disassembled with a machete at the clinic after him. With the help of Sondra, Rich is able to escape. Sondra takes him back to her place and rapes him on the couch during a protracted sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Will the rich be able to control his lycanthropy or find a way to cure it before he demands another victim? <br /> <br /> Take a picture at a cheap price with a homemade werewolf flick camera with a unique perspective in the view of the eye transplant. These scenes are low-level pornographic scenes - the scenes in the clinic seem to be filmed in someone's house or apartment. The scene of the wolf's change doesn't look as good as the time-lapse photography that was used in the 40s, but they used a lack of correction. Throw me for the actor. Cut. Throw anymore. Cut. More hairs ... and fill his mouth filled with white garbage that he can spray out. No need to worry about continuity! No fade, no melting, nothing It's quite sloppy When completely changing the werewolf costume (Designed by Jeff Leroy, who edited and filmed the movie) was very scary. It had red, sparkling eyes of Christmas, feathers that looked like fluffy rugs and plastic faces that were almost immobile. There are times when you can see the camera mechanic's finger in front of the camera lens and the moon for five consecutive nights? As far as actors are concerned, they are skilled, but can be patient and for the horror flicks B is still a concern. This one is quite good, only 70 minutes long and has many reds during the attack scene as well as T&A from Ms. Beaton. As mentioned above, <br /> <br /> Produced by David S Sterling (CAMP BLOOD) Which was one of the first people to ride the wave of digital video when it was first started to dominate the low-budget horror / independent genre back in the mid / late 1990s. He was By the Brain Damage Films, which is the label to avoid the plague. Most Fx guy Jeff Leroy (who was ranked as director at IMDb but not in the movie's true credit) and Vinnie Bilancio (which appeared In a small role as a hunter) makes it more fun and refined The exploitation of the werewolf flick in a women's prison in 2006, which has similar creatures on display. (Glowing red eyes and more)
