This adaptation, such as * The Heiress * of 1949, is based on the Henry James novel * The Heiress *, starring Olivia de Havilland, is still a well-respected work, though with Actually less than the original story of James than this newly created novel, which still maintains the original name of James It is the story of a cute but cute daughter (Leigh) devoted to her father (Finney) after her mother died during childbirth. The arrogant father holds his daughter without any respect and thinks that she, like all women, is simple. When a young man (Chaplin) of a good family and a little fortune comes to join his father, it is naturally suspicious. But felt that his daughter would not care. Any man believed that a young man was a fortune hunter and forbade her to see him. Leigh is a controversial actor? Most of them love her or hate her ?? And she always has special stubbornness and stubbornness with her style, just as she shows through a groove of teeth She is not bad in this matter and she takes care of her role quite fluently ?? It's just an awkward role for every actor, causing the audience to grab the character from her shoulder and shake her until she can touch. While the characters received many sympathy, she was not a favorite. Ben Chaplin, very handsome and very attractive (seen in * The Truth About Cats and Dogs *) shows his role by the number of mysteries that must be used to make the audience guess that he will follow her destiny. Or really love you. Maggie Smith is one of the best actresses who are still alive and raise the level of this film by describing the aunt who has a good meaning. Of course, Finney was a father who threatened to disqualify his daughter due to disobedience. But the daughter is willing to take risks with the person she loves But her enthusiastic fans still want her without fate? This is just one example * Washington Square * is different from * The Heiress * Another example is the ability to attach to it. It is a handsome movie that is boring like a faucet that drops water, which has too little story in a movie that is too long.
