Edwin Porter's short film in 1903 "The Great Train Robbery" exploded on the screen with the excitement and ingenuity that one prepared to fly with new pioneering films like Melies "A Trip to the Moon "Critics have praised this as a film that presents the Western genre in modern movies. In my eyes they were right It has everything from planning to train robberies, killing unwanted civilians, and the last scene that lets you know if these criminals are meaningful in business or not? It's a great story for the time. From here to Eastwood, every Western filmmaker uses the image of Porter in one form to create their own story. No one can say that this movie didn't open the door. But the fight comes from his own story The genre is defined by Porter but apart from the first excitement Nothing to fight with Maybe I feel bored with the old-fashioned ideas and their haphazard text. But what will the cliché before having cliché? For me, "The Great Train Robbery" seems to be forced, unreliable and not surprising. <br /> <br /> Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. The robbers change the train path, rob it and shoot random people to prove that they are the real villains and the final scene ends like a movie that has been pre-determined without any surprises or glitches. Of the boring porter In the models I watched, there was an increase in color near the end to emphasize the emotions that felt cheap and did not encourage filmmakers or viewers. The problem remains that, even if important, Porter's movie has been borrowed again and again. But the film began to dilute The story itself is not portable. I can't see this picture again. I know what has happened. I know that there is a little disappearing from behind the scenes and in the end it is just what it has become? A simple matter that is taken from point A to point B to point C. But catching me in this movie only But is also the strongest element to be seen in the first film While it's boring, the fact that it tells a strong story? Our characters are characters that are motivated and driven. In an era where documentary films seem to be mainstream Again, not that I'm jumping on the bandwagon. Prediction about this film ?? Is it an important movie ?? It's not a great movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I'm eager to jump into this movie to see where the roots of the West are planted. But I was just as happy. Porter was a talented director and G.M. Anderson was clearly very successful in the field created. But I'm not afraid of movies. I did not expect a large budget effect, such as Melies' work and I didn't expect to have a "A Trip to the Moon" overlap, but I wanted to see the same creativity, exploration and initiative. I feel that Porter can play safely if speaking in the beginning movie. But I can't feel the excitement when the villains do their evil things I did not take root for everyone and the final conclusion proved that the kit set had deteriorated for many minutes after the movie began. It's a pioneer But not a memorial "The Great Train Robbery" lost space in the time capsule of the cinema. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from *****
