Cartoon Network seems to be desperate to rate Beginning with the cancellation of the Samurai Jack, the network looks scary for removing all the items that made it popular, such as Powerpuff Girls, Dexter's Lab, Dragonball Z and others. When the ratings began to decline, CN began to rise. Showed moderate, although Total Drama Island / Action and Chowder stand out due to intelligent writing and gimmicks that the audience likes But there are many other shows that show the terrifying remakes (George of the Jungle) or other performances, such as The Marvelous Misadventures Flapjack, where the character's name acts like Spongebob. There is a Johnny Test which is used. Instead of Dexter's Laboratory, though it looks more seductive than anything. <br /> <br /> Character of the program Clear from Dexter's lab, this time only focusing on Johnny, the blond character (Or an aggressive fire) who tortured his twin sister, Susan and Mary, who had just happened to orange hair Technology glasses that are impossible There is also a rival genius named Bling Bling Boy or Eugene who seems to be sitting for the Mandark. Then there is Johnny's best friend Dookie and the talking dog, one of Dexter's ... I mean Early experiments of Susan and Mary <br /> <br /> Dexter's lab is probably one of the best cartoons on television. But the art style that is effective, the main character that is cute and the episode that doesn't seem to be a long drag Johnny Test is very different. The art style here is not impressive. In fact, it looks absolutely scary. The characters have motives that make them annoying or really disgusting. Like the episode, the series mainly consists of the quest of Johnny and Dookie for the devastation of Sissy girls, which Johnny likes secretly or John the twins. 'The boy's obsession next door When seeing these two geniuses when seeing the belly and the fact that Johnny seems to be someone you never want to connect with, there is no real connection between the audience and the characters. <br /> <br /> One thing in the series The hardest exploitation in its name is Johnny. It is Susan and Marie's guinea pig for their trials. During the transition from fat, Johnny, ugly, evil, and even a woman Then the two twins helped Johnny in what was planned to reward his service. Whenever there is an event involving a "win / win" agreement like this, it is often canceled in the way that it appears and things that are not completely removed from the trough will never end satisfactorily. > <br /> Writing range from medium In order to be scary, however, the 'fat' episode is over and over again. "It's Phat and PH is different. Do you know?" This is a line that should not be repeated, especially when it seems to promote child obesity with the screen Johnny became a famous star with money and video games, just getting fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how to perform. Completely cut off from Dexter's lab A performance that cast many characters from two men-in-black names, Mr. Black and Mr. White, officers who wanted to solve all of their problems through Johnny and his sisters. Here, the show once again steals ideas for other sources, such as Mr. Freeze, the evil cat clone teenager with a butler who wants a cat to rule over humans. (Such as the evil talking cat from the Powerpuff Girls), three mad masterminds Of an evil skater and even a male mole who should be the most vicious villain in the media. <br /> <br /> Go above it out with an ugly animation. And characters that are not unique enough (such as Mr. Black and Mr. White's voice), just separate the ears (Johnny looks good and every villain on the list) The song seems to be the only catchy thing for this program. But then it was repeated only a few episodes with the band that had just destroyed it. <br /> <br /> So in the end, Johnny Test is not good. Comics. Scary references and funny stories about teen culture will Separate the interests of the little children in the show, while the bright colors, characters tearing and dragging will destroy the experience for teenagers. It's just another craze that shows that Cartoon Network is promoting too much to trick viewers (like MTV into rap). If you want a program that will make your child happy in half an hour, you should go to Spongebob. Because Johnny Test is a "test", more patience than anything else
