There is no reason to make this documentary seriously and there are four reasons: <br /> <br /> 1) People who make this documentary (Including the director and producer) is the Serbs or Serbian who came so The criterion of neutrality fails. For example, they say that the diaspora Croats (called "Ustase") play a huge role in the collapse of Yugoslavia. But they did not mention that there are equal Serbian organizations (Cetniks)! For you who are not familiar with Balkan history. WW2: Serbian people called "Cetniks", shown in the documentary, are kind people they help the British during the war. That is only half of the truth. They are also a fascist group (King) that collaborates with Germany. But after that, it changed sides when Hitler lost the war. It is also ridiculous that they do not talk about the leader Cetnik Mihajlovic in the documentary The Responsible Man kills thousands of people and burns hundreds of villages throughout Bosnia and Croatia. But they talk about some Ante Pavelic. Hm ... Allow me to be a little skeptical. <br /> <br /> 2) Most people who interview with me don't know at all. And I have studied this war for a long time (Which is an English old woman !!! She didn't really do her homework!) And they didn't offer the name so they could be more or less people. The people they go from the road, who knows. <br /> <br /> 3) In the documentary they talk about Kosovo and the Serbian people have been there for a long time, so it should belong to Serbia. (Although they were a minority) when they spoke about the part ruled by Serbia of Croatia (Krajina). Immediately, the Serb showed that they had the right to stay there because it was Their home has been alright, but what people don't know is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has a great historical significance for Croatians. It was there, which is one of the most famous history of the king of Croatia (Zvonimir), and therefore the city has historical value for Croatian Serbs for almost 800 years or more later! But not Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo, according to the documentary, is it fair? For me, it seems that the two standard virtues from the director In addition, it is said in the documentary that the Constitution of Croatia does not have any laws regarding the rights of minorities. This is a lie because it is one of the first laws that have been adopted due to the fact that Croatia has a group. Many Serbian minority> <br /> 4) The movie mentions the Croatian leader. Paramilitarian Radical names Glavas or Muslims Oric extremists. They accuse them of being a big reason for the negative development of war. Yes, they are radicals. But if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention the militant military leaders of Serbia like Seselj and Arkan? There are many flaws that I have just presented a few people so that people can see an overview of the documentary. It seems that people who make this documentary are not well prepared and do not have the courage to criticize Serbs because they are afraid that the Serbian relatives will hit them or something. There are many documentaries that are of good quality. But the best is "The death of Yugoslavia" that has interviewed key participants of the war (such as Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic, etc.) and you will receive explanations throughout the 5 hours about the collapse of Yugoslavia and War <br /> <br /> Another thing, I saw comments about this documentary that people were disappointed about why the United States supported the country (Bosnia) that had a relationship with Bin Laden during the war. Every other country involved in this conflict has a nationalist president, and because the Bosnian Muslims do not have an ancient ethnic identity. (They are called "Muslim Croats"). They rely on things other than nationality to raise Spirit among the people and that is to connect them with the only thing they have together: their religion. And they received help from Mujahedin because no one supported them They have to fight with the 4th largest army in Europe! They need all the help they can get. Nationalism is the best way to combine people during the war. History has shown us that
