This is easily the worst Presley vehicle, which will make us close to the worst movie ever created. It is worse than the "Happy Ending" song that is disgusting at the end of "It Happened At The World's Fair" and here I think that the moment Elvis buys the seller's balloon for his woman. Balloon sales will be received. Jiggy, in which the marching band is a good example of a bad movie and cannot refill it. I always enjoy the Elvis random flick if there is no other reason. But the memory of the time when we were pure enough to sit through it However, this should be called "Live a Little, Wish You Were Dead a Little" and make "Stay Away Joe". It seems Olivier plays Othello. <br /> <br /> Here Elvis plays Greg, which is basically Independent hippie photographers are barbers, except barbers in the establishment. After a fun morning driving recklessly, he ended up at the beach where he was kidnapped by a woman who changed the name depending on the scene and who spoke to her. Apparently Michele Carey was chosen to be similar to her and the ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor. (If I watch this without wearing glasses, I would think it was in the late 1960s. She sang a dog. Until she ran down in the water and caught pneumonia from a convenient movie, then she caused him to lose consciousness on her beach until he lost his job and his apartment Then she moved the objects into the house before he Woke up without telling him (The audience didn't know about this until Elvis tried to go back to work and his boss lost him without reason unless he deserved to make this movie and tried to go home and found that The woman who hates in his house) <br /> <br /> Instead of holding her for kidnapping, burglary and raiding, he goes outside and gets two jobs to return the rent. When stealing all of his belongings, Job one worked for Don Porter at the Playboy magazine. The second job was upstairs working for Rudy Vallee at snobby fashion magazine. I think the two work shifts should be a joke. But it's not a joke, unless you laugh at the 100th time that you see someone running up and down the stairs with a quick gesture. The main obstacle that Greg fell in love with, his kidnapping was her other love and interest. The horrible Dick Sargent. (To face it, whether it is Porter or Valle, even in the 1968 era, will make competitors believe the feeling) <br /> <br /> There are twists and turns that are not interesting and diverse. Waiting for something to happen. It has never been a total of about three minutes of entertainment and includes Elvis's "A Little Less Talk" performance (which I can listen to on CD without this painful movie, causing pain. To me) and For five seconds Elvis fell on the sofa and crazy pants Obviously disassembled, so it flew into pieces when he fell. That's it. People, furniture, and laughter, only one story in this movie. There are no clothing, songs or decorations that can save the stench of heaven and should be avoided at all costs. Watching this can create unnatural desires for the audience towards serious self-harm.
