I think movie (Especially the story) need a lot of work The composition of the movie is still Western and not true with the effort to create an oriental feel in the movie. I will give you three shortcomings of this movie: <br /> <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that he would help her study the history of China, I was very happy that the audience would receive it. Information about Chinese history But it turns out that this film does not show that Wendy has really studied Chinese history. But this film shows that Wendy trained the way to remember what she had studied, which made me frustrated and disappointed me. <br /> <br /> The second story that really bothered me was that the characters were talking about. Moon cake - this mooncake and moon cake like that and how good it is. But they didn't talk about the true significance of it The only thing they talk about is related to moon cakes, which is the autumn festival, which they don't explain or go down deep. They may refer to the myths associated with mooncakes - Lady Moon Legend begins with a time when there are ten suns and each moon will rotate. But one day, the ten suns rose up, causing the land to dry with heat. Therefore, the holy archer Hou Yi shot nine out of ten of the sun, leaving only one sun (there are different versions that Hou Yi shot eight out of the sun) because of his brave involvement he received. Immortal medicine for him to live forever in the event that the ten suns rise again, but Chang-O has stolen his wife. After stealing it, she fled to the moon, where she met a rabbit. Then she came to the idea and told the rabbit to break the pill in pieces so that she could spread the medicine around the world, making everyone immortal. (There are a few stories But throughout my childhood, I often hear about this model). I think the details like this will make the plot of the Chinese language more cultural. <br /> <br /> The last thing I Will point out that the final battle scenes of the movie The teacher who was fighting the Terra-cotta warrior (a statue of a soldier's life) struggled with the idea that Chinese history is important to Chinese people. Terra-cotta Warrors acted as a connection point for China's past and It is a very Western style. (Which evil must be killed in the possibility) that the movie monks are willing to destroy that connection It can be understood if Wendy thinks she is a Chinese-American and does not have full knowledge of Chinese language. There is no problem in destroying these precious artifacts. <br /> <br /> All movies are western because It seems that all the monks and Shen want to do is fight ... I mean, it's ranked on TVPG due to violence that is contrary to the concept of cooperation and unity. It seems that the monks will try to avoid violence and try to do things peacefully before using violence. <br /> <br /> All, whether all the producers, authors or all the directors Did not conduct thorough research and worked busy and without effort I would suggest that they stop broadcasting this movie or they will shoot the movie again in order to have more accurate information. However, I will give you a credit (2 stars) to remove the whole picture of the Asian and one Asian American who is smart and quiet.
