I know that living in Western Plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was really cruel. It might be cruel today. But is it a monument that can be transformed into a movie created to watch TV? In addition, women's rights still exist in this country at this time, so to find independent women committed to a new beginning in this fierce land and still show the realism of the era? Will it make it look good? Honestly i don't know I used to think about this movie in the last two days and I still don't seem to be able to gather the power to say that it's a horrible movie. But I can truly tell you that it is not the greatest thing I have ever seen. From a variety of acting styles to two unmatched actors who lack the emotional characters to the most horrifying PG scenes that had come out of the cinema in the late 70s. It's hard to fully understand Heartland. Good? Isn't it good? It may be something that you have to watch and decide for yourself. But until now, this is the time I am happy and hated the most! <br /> <br /> This movie is still struggling in my heart because there are some very interesting scenes. The scene that I'm not sure what the director is doing or what direction he is headed But it seems to work well in the overall picture I think the overall story is interesting and historical. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially in the early 1900s, so this movie captured that image in my heart. The idea of ​​a cold winter without neighbors is many miles away, and this polaroid-knight image is untouched by the American corporation. It was refreshing to see and was amazed to experience. (Although television) There are many scenes that stand out in my mind, such as the cow branding scene, the slaughtering scene of the pig and the tragic homeowners who did not survive their journey. Director Richard Pearce did an excellent job in Bringing Wyoming's perspective to the audience But I'm not sure if he brings famous players to watch. <br /> <br /> While I will continue to watch the scenery of this movie. I have trouble dealing with actors who seem to walk on the set and read their line from the card on the side. Torn in his role as the desolate Clyde Stewart who found a connection with Elinore Randall of Conchata Ferrell, two actors without chemistry. Their scenes that they share together are pointless and emotionless. The pregnancy scene caused me to be stitched because of the actors. "The Veterans" These two actors demonstrate that brave Elinore did what she had to do to take the child away from her while Clyde nodded to agree when she finished. Is this love? Should it be love? I don't know if I think there are stronger characters. We will see stronger ties, but with Torn and Ferrell, it feels like two actors playing their roles. Other scenes that seem to be struggling in My heart is like when a hard horse "knocks" at the door to find food or shelter, pity and growth that Clyde has with Elinore's daughter (and I don't believe). Winter scene look real, and all the land. The land scene, especially because I want more explanations about what Elinore did, why she did and why Clyde would build her house if they were married! It's a simple event that if taking time to explore it will create a stronger movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, I will go in the middle of the road with this feature. There are elements that should be deeply explored, such as the relationship between two strangers and Elinore's greatest colonization goal, but they are countered by the beautiful scenes of our country. Panorama scenes in the last 100 years have changed from the vast mountains to large skyscrapers. While there are some wonderful scenes of realism (Starring cattle and pigs) I just feel as if we want more. Depth is an important element that is lacking in this film, which is overshadowed by marginal performances and diminishing stories. Pearce may delve deeper into an unused world. But let open holes and western characters Ferrell takes her to herself. Suitable for viewing But I won't come again. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from *****
