Joseph L. Mankiewicz's detective doesn't need to be rebuilt. It is a movie that is well made and outstanding to this day. However, since the current remake machine is currently fully swinging I can't say that I was surprised to see this movie being updated for new audiences. The plot remains the same as the movie, and at the core of this story we have a story of a young man named Milo Tiger, who goes out to meet the old man Andrew YK to talk about divorce. Old man's wife Then the cat and mouse game will follow. It was clear from the first episode that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to the film, and he did so through a central location that had been changed from the charming country house of the original game. There are many security devices. I'm glad that the director chose to make this change because no one wants to see the remake that copied the original directly. Plus the fact that the place is well used and always looks good Unfortunately, the positive element of Sleuth 2007 ends there. <br /> <br /> The original movie is longer than two hours, while this new creation is only a shadow over eighty minutes. Naturally, this means that this version is minimal. And unfortunately it is a character that is experiencing The plot was hastening and we entered the first twist of the story too far and before we were given the opportunity to really understand why and how these events took place. The film does not create enough character or harmony between them to make sure that their relationship makes sense. One important thing that has changed about older characters is his passion; In the traditional way, he was obsessed with games that became very important when twisting into play. Here he has some safety amulet that doesn't mean anything at the end. Kenneth Branagh's film management helped get a good score. But ended up there The manuscript flourished in this film. But this film is just happy to soil by itself expletives in many times and most do not guarantee opportunities; Which makes everything cheaper The last twist in the story is completely different from the original and makes sure that the film ends with a really scary summary. After spending two hours with the manuscript, I understood, gained respect and liked the two characters presented in the movie - after eighty minutes I hated them both. I have respect for Branagh because not only But mimicking the carbon of the original movie But this is not a good adaptation of the great play of Anthony Shaffer.
