For nearly ten years I've seen the sequel to Phantasm, which is one of the last two because my memories are still not bright. That has been accepted to this day. I am still a big fan of the first two, so I think I will go back again and meet the 'final chapter'. The third episode is the worst in this series because it's obvious. That it is less serious and causes confusion in things that are not reasonable ... again, starting with our previous movie, Reggie helps Mike from a tall man who swears to return to him in But after things were not safe when they come across a mysterious Jody, who was unable to stay in shape. Obviously, his soul was imprisoned by a tall man, so Mike was dragged into the Netherworld. The two-pronged horror and Reg had to find him ... On the way he met a ten-year-old boy and a nun. Swinging a black chick named Rocky who helped him throughout his journey. <br /> <br /> There's nothing to remember about "Phantasm III", in addition to stupidity and "humor" as it tries to do. The only positive thing that did not help this film and that was the return of A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury, who recouped their role for the first time since the 1978 classic. The problem is that they seem to. Appeared ... Reggie Buntees returned to his role as an actor. But his bad attitude and love make him look too annoying. Angus Scrimm does not seem to "enter" all his roles. He speaks too much here and there is no place near, scary and scary. In contrast to "quirky" where the movie seems to turn to caution. Most people's opinions about this flick seem to be disrespectful and tend to think that "It's still fun." Maybe I'm just a Nit option too, but I can't get into this. I remember not like when I was a kid and after watching it again - I can safely say - nothing changes. Don't Coscarelli shake the industry with his original low budget. Nightmare, the legendary movie "Phantasm", which I'm still ranked. My number one popular horror movie and his respectable sequel makes things move and gloomy (silly names). Just look too hurried and Together with me ... combining the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing is Scrappy Doo !!) is a strong indicator of Coscarelli that lacks ideas and Seeing how far he was able to ride the franchise. <br /> <br /> So it was the movie "Phantasm" with guns, naked bullets and quadruple guns. Do I want to talk again?
