Wow, the story of this movie is over! There are many plot and there are many things that happen to make my head spin !! And hence no one truly believes. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Kay Francis as a housewife living in a small town. She has experience with a local theater and has ambitions to go to Broadway When the big star arrived in the city, she pursued him in the hope that he could raise her career. But her husband was worried about shananigans - because this actor was a caddy, so the hubby burst into them and hit the actors - and the actors died! As a result, he was convicted for the first murder !!! Not murder, but a murderer 1! Now pregnant and wanting to finance Kay to New York, but will not find a Broadway job so she is forced to do any work - even Burlesque can't adequately care for her little daughter. She gives it to another woman. One person to raise However, she eventually found a job in Broadway, and everything looked cheerful. But the envious actor who plays in the drama hates her for some mysterious reason and forces her to be thrown out of play. She went to England and became a true star. Years later, she returned to New York to pick up her child - but the older child and the woman who cared for her was her true mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyer thought that if he received $ 10,000, he could take that man out of prison. As other reviewers write, is this a bribe of people ?! How can $ 10,000 take him out? - Maybe buy a helicopter so they can fly into the prison and gouge him up !! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 movies! And all this happens with a 45 minute mark !!! Believe it or not, it has more than that. If you really care, look for yourself to see how it unfolds. <br /> <br /> This is the 'kitchen sink writing' - throwing everything together. Unfortunately, this movie became hopelessly sweet and unbelievable, even though Francis' greatest effort It is a type of movie that no one can really record with a second rate plot, as if someone had cast dozens of elements into the box and started to randomly select them to create a movie !! Overall, unless you are a Kay Francis fan who is dead or loves something Hollywood created in the 1930s, this person is someone you can easily jump, not scary but not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the boy who played the daughter of Francis when she returned to New York (Jason Sybil) really scary. I think she should be ... I think.
