When the movie has at least five different names, it usually means things and often means that the movie has a major flaw. Somewhere, Necromancy has a major flaw and is just not good. I saw a version in the video titled Rosemary's Disciples Yes, I'm sure it's different from other versions. But I don't think that it will be another version and in a few minutes it may be better. Perhaps this is probably the biggest problem: the film opens with Laurie waking up and her husband takes her to a town where he has a new job at a magic toy factory. (Yes, it's terrible at this early stage!) This city is called Lillith and there is a man with a long gun on the bridge to make sure that it will be allowed only those who have been chosen from the "owners" of the city shortly. We will find that everyone who lives in Lillith is a witch. Mr. Cato - the head of this municipality who wants his dead son back (Necromancy name). People in the city do witch-like ceremonies. Like wearing a goat's head Each offers a variety (There are not many performers in this area.) But none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato, played by Orson Welles, the creator of a movie that is bigger and real. Wales was misused But don't make mistakes. He is the best in this movie. And that is the most sad part of Necromancy because Welles gives a bad foot performance with a little advice In one scene in the party director Bert I Gordon returns to Welles, watching the action of the party using the same frame! It looks ridiculous. The scene is seen over and over again from the woman's arm that is centered in the flames after the car crashes. It looks like the model's arms in the shop. The story has never been fully used because we never knew what had happened: many scenes were shot like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. It also applies to repetition, hokey ends. Pamela Franklin is a talented and talented leader. In addition to her performance, there are still some options from the remaining actors of Wells Welles. Directions and stories are made by Gordon, which clearly shows that there is gas left in the engine. This is not a good movie. But under any name
