For starters and for recording the word "Necromancy" describes the black magic of bringing the dead back to life and it does not involve having sex with the body. It is called necrophilia. But I received many words from acquaintances and relatives that I played in the wrong taste! This movie is quite the opposite of those who are shy or lazy. In reality, and only that there are boring, boring and terrible features, "Necromancy" ranks among the top five at least one of the list. The most discrete movie title ever! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not very famous for delivering masterpieces. (In his drama, there are titles like "Earth vs. the Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods") but actually he Completely ridiculous and ridiculous nonsense about the mystery and the small town. Soon after experiencing the tragedy that saw their children born to death, Lori and her husband Frank moved to the quiet little town of Lima Frank, which Frank received an outstanding job in the toy factory Lori is suspicious and can experience the atmosphere of illness, especially with the elders of the city and Mr. Cato "Owner". Kato is impolite and mysterious. That is another matter. How can anyone "own" the city and everyone in it? Laurie gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato tempts her into the city, especially because of her supernatural abilities in resurrecting the dead. Since many years ago, Cato tried to bring his deceased son back to life again and he was ready to make human sacrifices. I don't see the whole point of the movie. Does it pull out from "Rosemary's Baby"? One of the other alternatives is "Rosemary's disciples" ?? But the script is too confusing and unbelievable to believe Why no one is allowed to have children as long as Cato's son is still dead That is just selfishness! When, where and how Lori learned to revive the dead? "Necromancy" certainly has a few strange moments and truly the atmosphere. But these things will be accidentally accomplished either by accident or through the lack of a total budget. Photographs that are grainy make the movie an eerie atmosphere and the pieces look cheap enough to be creepy. The performance of Orson Welles is undoubtedly the lowest point in his career? Pathetic and still the best thing about all movies
