It is a figure that is a French movie, LOL, with an emphasis on older girls ... Why did France be fixed on this subject? When the age difference is a wonderful thing, it will come out truly! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she has a lot of similarities to Olivia Hussey's '68 Romeo and Juliet in Zeffirelli's Zeffirelli at the same time), but she looks about 15 and the actors playing Tassi, her painting teacher ... 50 is the kind. <br /> <br /> Other posters have described historical records. (The unusual details of this case) of Artemisia, a true, great artist and one of the first recognized female painters in this period of the 17th century). Her story speaks to us in The current era, especially because of allegations that "Every great artist is a man" - She is very beautiful. The blast that confirms with a bit - and because of the story of her rape experiment is so painful, not only is she clearly attacked and forced to have sexual relations at derogatory (Because in those days, marriage to your assassin is the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi is a serial killer and may kill his wife and children.> <br /> The film is damaging. Seriously, by turning amazing and amazing real-life stories into dramatic and unwanted "spicing up" because in some strange frencified ways, it is "hot". And has a love affair with a man who is old enough to be her grandfather, that is "sexy" - the truth is boring and looks like a feminist and politically correct <br /> <br /> It also bothered me that this is just part of Artemisia's life that is interesting enough to be filmed. The fact that she painted for decades (Her famous painting from Judith beheading Holfernes was painted after an earlier rape) that she was the first Florentine Academy to recognize the honor that she had children ... Oh, boring stuff. In the end, it was a story of a middle-aged woman and they were not "hot" like teenagers. <br /> <br /> I understand that there are many creative licenses in making movies. (Or books) about the real thing Historical characters You have to create a dialog box with a sub-tree to create an amazing structure. Of course, some details can be sacrificed - it's not a big deal if the date will be moved a few years or if Artemisia is played by blonde actresses. (When we know from her portraits that she is brown ... and one big bone is not a skinny minny) or something like that But to turn her story around her and rape into love is really sick and harassing. It's even worse because the director is a woman. She should be ashamed of herself horribly. <br /> <br /> If you like this (And I know that some people can be less interested in real female artists and as well as menstrual and hot sex costumes). You may like "dangerous beauty" with Rufus Sewell and Cat. Zachary McCormack, similarly on the basis of a heavily rewritten history with many breasts and jewels that have been wrapped up: Bon Appetit!
