There is a continuous spoiler ..... I was surprised by the high ratings of this movie to be honest ... All I really saw was a slow-moving propaganda movie, nothing to say much. (Note that you must check the score for the category here). This movie is black and white ... Good Americans ... Others, whether evil or useless. I think the British troops in there intend to be a SAS (one of the most elite agencies in the world, most of whom will agree with me quite sure). They lost 3 men and others ran away. While the US military Even elite soldiers in combat, still seize the ground and open cans of yelling at them wickedly. Iraqi Iraqis Yes, dead conditions The only good thing that I have to say about this movie is that in this respect, when the gunman releases the male SAS ... the muzzle flash from a distance, good sound that uses ... can do quite well. But the rest ... Spare parts, I'm 10 years old up here ?? !! I can't see the ridiculous propaganda in the movie and the boys that this movie has. <br /> <br /> Spoiler ... Oh, yes. The main madman, wild madman, can't be home together. His wife and baby do not have to apply for another year to fight in a ridiculous war !! Why ... because the young man needs excitement or something For example, saying that I'm really surprised with the high score of this movie. <br /> <br /> PS I don't hate America. I hate the message of this movie that doesn't seem to want to face the wrong war. the laws (In my eyes) that was okay because it was obvious that there were people who thought it was just a war For any reason that is messy (Would like to say something else to her But the sensors) but hey, that depends on them But to create a movie on one side like it was black and white ... good evil, lazy and treat me as a child. In the war there are many gray colors and two sides (sometimes) who believe in what they fight for. Not Star Wars, which has something dark on all verses Hollywood is selfish. Sometimes you take people to make glasses ... and again 7.8 .... Maybe you are right. But i won't buy Glad I downloaded this movie to tell you all that there is no value;)
