Like the day after Ein Rand Bigelow was the main narrative of her image in the movie of an American American who was trapped in Iraq to place a bomb on a road bombed by a brutal Arab terrorist. creature While Bigelow positioned the Iraq war as a backdrop for the human drama stage, an expert bomb expert was bombed and once again appeared to replace him in the hot and ugly ruins that is Iraq and a new hero happen. <br /> <br /> The new man is what John Hershey described in his book and later the movie The War Lover as Wingnut in a sadistic, which really is not suited to civilian life and wanting to provoke a war. Soften and suppress his sexual desire War lovers can only work in war completely. While Hershey chastised war lovers (Performed in the movie by Steve McQueen in one of his biggest roles) Bigelow congratulates him. The army wants war lovers. They are defenses against our enemies. We cannot handle the fact that it is a war lover who is the best soldier and the strongest person. The unremarkable Big Low is a war-loving pussies, a special species that is the last of the cowboy. So if he wants to bare his man or rubbed an Iraqi boy? He is a gangster of sexual warfare and death. In the sex war, it is something that is not cute, without love. Don't ask. Don't say that it's a bond. Bigelow has no comment on this matter; She restricts the choice of masculinity in a realistic Hamsman effort. Only war lovers can overcome the moral struggle between the right and wrong between the American innocence and the Arabs. Bigelow lurked her nation and arrogance behind the building of journalism. She is just another gung-yahoo who represents a cruel war on civilians as a moral victory of the soul. In front of politics, Bigelow returned to the west and repeatedly repeated: the wonderful world of open boundaries that happened to other countries. ("You can shoot people here." Soldiers say) Strong black human companions. But a military man with a premonition of death, a madman who may be mad, a college educator who tries to be friendly to the enemy You name it Bigelow. Resurrect it. <br /> <br /> The boy's love is clear in the scenes with cute Arab children who are friends with war lovers. She doesn't have sex completely. What Bigelow wants to show us is an ugly and nasty face of Arab enemies. Iraqi people who are not pure evil will be destroyed as enemies or not good at all. They deserve death for their assertiveness and many people do in this movie. Iraqi women are all hysterical. They just make them know by screaming. They may be men who show their ability to drag for everything I know. You never see their faces. There is not a slight presence of women in the base or in the fight, even though the death rate of women in Iraq will definitely disprove this. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the movements one by one. She honored the war. She praised the brave Vishnu. The cowboy surrounded by South Indian men proves their courage by the work of the Lord and damn the pit of hell, the insidious terrorist terrorist with true courage and suicide craze. At the end I felt like rooting for Indians. Although in Bigelow's world, there is no mercy or understanding. The Iraqi people are inhumane. The killing of civilians is just an amazing backdrop for the sexual struggle of our heroes. Every country, the bullet will find that mark. You must love those who love war. It's just his way, he's a true hero. He is just a man who tries to accomplish things difficult, so if he has sexual desire from the side
