BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most cherished books, but the adaptation of this magic animation is not there. This model is still faithful to the original story of Dahl, so we can't blame John Hambley's role if there is something wrong with an animation that doesn't have a dull rhythm and a lackluster voice. We should expect that this story will make the movie happy, fun and full of fun ..... but this movie is boring and hopeless and boring. Children who are not familiar with the story should Read the book first! All films will be successful, letting them read what is a classic of children. <br /> <br /> Sophie orphan (Amanda Root's voice) lives in an unfriendly orphanage under the brutal supervision of Clonkers. One evening she looks through the window when she sees a huge body walking down the village road in secret. Fooled, the body realized that it had been seen, therefore stretching into the window and scooping Sophie from her bed, putting her in a large bag before escaping at night. Soon, Sophie discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from a giant country and is afraid that he will eat her. But for her relief, he turned out to be a generous and delicate member of his race, which introduced himself as BFG (David Jason's voice). BFG refused to eat people instead of limiting themselves to be fragrant vegetables. Skunk is called snozzcumbers. However, the giant country has many large populations that make food every night as it happens to unsuspecting humans, Sophie and BFG Glam. Was a good friend and soon they planned to block other giants. They helped each other to the Queen of England. (Angela Ton's voice) with their amazing story and asking her to send an army and air force to fight the giant eaters The Queen agrees and begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giant before they can hurt others. <br /> <br /> Jason voices BFG quite well (one of the few people). In the movie) but his good job is Almost destroyed by poor sound quality The remaining sounds were not well received, with very few characters that would make the characters lively. In the same way, BFG is the only character that moves in the imagination - Sophie lacks attractiveness and the giants are boringly designed. (And seems to be indistinguishable from each other), even the places of the giant countries, especially in the short term, nothing more than a wasteland with rocks and valleys from time to time in the 88th minute. This is not long. But there are some parts that are not good due to use in many scenes Dahl's slightly mischievous humor has been conveyed satisfactorily. One chapter in this book deals with the love of BFG, "whizzpopping" (fart) and hilarious. In this film, the same part was killed by an unpleasant deal. I came to The BFG, hoping to have fun, fun and lots of fun. But what I received was quite the opposite. This is a misunderstanding that has failed, which does not match the ability of this book in any department - unfortunately it must go down as one to cross.
