Silent Night, Deadly Night 5 is the last episode of the series, and as with Episode 4, it's not related to the first three except the title and the fact that it's a horror movie in the Christmas theme. <br /> > Except forgetfulness, there are some things that are clear here ... Micky Rooney plays as Joe Peo, Tony and his creepy son Pino. Anyone ringing the bell? Now a little boy named Derek heard a knock at the door one evening and opened it to find gifts at the door. Though it says "Don't open until Christmas" but he started to open it. But his father stopped him that scolded him and sent him to bed and opened a gift for himself Inside is a small red ball at the beginning of Santa's arms and head and proceeds to kill the father. Oh, maybe he should be left alone. Of course, Derek was hurt by the incident because he watched from the stairs. But he didn't grow up as a Santa killer. He stopped talking. <br /> <br /> There are strangers lurking around. Those who are interested in toys that Joe Petto is very interested in. Reg takes him to the store to find a gift for him to take him out of his injuries. And what is this guy doing? We are not sure, but he seems to separate these toys from each other to see what makes them mark. He made his landlord from expelling him by promising to pay him cash the next day and presenting the toy "Larry the Larvae" for his child. Of course, "Larry" is not a good toy and leaves In the car and of course things are not pretty May be more excited and mischievous than before because he suffers from "Kenitalia" (smooth plastic target) in order to explain his evil ways And the stranger's lurking identity was revealed as well, and it was a strange joy. Whee. <br /> <br /> increased from episode 4, but not so much again that Brian Yuzna joined and Screaming Mad George, so some special effects are appropriate. Some of the leftovers from Episode 4 were hanging around, such as Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but that didn't make any difference. However, now I have seen all the series from my system. Now if I take it out of my brain 4 of 5
