Warped is used in the Pinocchio theme and set during the Christmas season (.. After the previous show was canceled, the relationship with Christmas) There are trapped toys sent to kill children (.. but through this, other victims will Accidentally harmed)) May be due to the "son" of the screaming toy manufacturer Mad George responsible for the killer toy (including the embryo that enters the victim's mouth and his eyes again at the toy Fired real bullets at the babysitters after her boyfriend was strangled with toys. The little goal is a dumb boy named Derek (William Thorn), whose stepfather is a red ball, arms stretching his arms, causing him to go up to the mother of Sarah's poker fireplace ( Jane Higginson) Concerned about her son's mental state, he thought he was hesitant to accept gifts, or more importantly, speaking from watching the horrible murder of her husband. The true father of Derek Noah (Tracy Feary) feared that he would be unsafe and reluctantly informed his former girlfriend, Sarah, that local Tomker, Joe Petto (Micky Rooney) had been arrested for trapping toys. With the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car accident .. the kind of retaliation for saying that if he had no other son, it shouldn't be too Still being a heavy drinker (often seeing the bustling Jack) Petto seemed to separate his feelings for the children, but his son, Pino (Brian Bremer), was not creepy and Derek was present. Why? You will understand soon. <br /> <br /> Special frustrating effects. Rooney's name adds charm to this film, resulting in a negative reputation. But how much can his expression help? Attractive female lead, Higginson (Slaughterhouse) and Frim as a man who came back to her life again was not bad. But the weak plot that developed is hard to seriously I guess that's the point. But Rooney has no reason to be in this movie .. He has no space to bring any personality to his toymaker. In addition to anger and desperation, he is quite volatile, holding him together while he explodes. With anger towards Pino when not drinking Bremer is a strange and "robot" appropriately as Pino and wants Sarah like his mother. The effects used during the attack on the victims are quite unbelievable .. Mad George's work with Savage Steve Holland is more powerful than we see in this movie. The sex that everyone is talking about does not give you the value you believe (.. I can't remember the nude picture). May be the best sequel of continuous green light. But that is not an endorsement I'm pretty sure that writing on paper is a fun concept. The concept of pokemon counterfeiting using horror elements. But the results didn't really shock you
