OK, it may be difficult to make the whole human life in a movie. Traditionally, Biopics focuses on one or two important parts of the life of the subject. Now Byron is "My Week, Dancing Your Year" Friends, which makes choosing parts that are more difficult to represent Moreover, as with Byron's poem that is separated from his life, the life of that man must be viewed as a whole. Lifting various parts not only But only shows an overview But still showing a different picture. <br /> <br /> Now that my review is down: Byron is my week. "The master who lives so intensely that he has done more during the 15 years that he worked more than most people have done all his life. Indeed, he is defeated and is a victim of the time and social environment in which he lives - but in the end, this friend should be the model for all of our lives. Want to be a leader? Now I don't want to have the life that appears in this movie. So it was received 3. not for doing bad things (Which is a more or less intelligent direction) but more important is to miss the point entirely in the flat area. <br /> <br /> Some more details In order to reduce the complexity of things, Byron Byron should have two different episodes: 1. The first European trip: England and his increase for fame + marriage / 2 his life abroad Now, the important thing is that the second part should be at least as important as the first part. But the most important changes in Byron were made. It is also where he creates his best work (Don Juan, vision of judgment, etc. - everything that makes him * really * unique in English literature). <br /> <br /> Instead In this film (), the life of Byron never met with entertainment from a distance (b) It would be worse * after he left England. They work well in two ways: First, they start at his return trip to Europe. (Although the actual journey will be greeted as a more prologue) Second, they choose the angle and they choose the love they have for Augusta. (Who is perfectly handsome) The problem of this last thing is that they never let it go. In fact, Byron remained stuck with Augusta for the rest of his life. But especially when he is a moody person, the fact that his letter reflects that does not mean that at other times he may not have fun. >> <br /> Next, the first part of the television movie should end. With him from England No doubt that One thing is: When living abroad, the life of an intoxication begins. (With the infamous Geneva period) But in Italy, Byron also discovered his new life, his poetry. (Inspired by Italian jokes) was in Venice and for himself when he met Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (later, at the request of Shelly, with Teresa, to Pisa). In other words, he * received Freedom * His mind and life turned out (and not only in terms of deterioration) as the British closed down when it was in the attraction of the Victorian era. The truth of freedom is little Augusta. But this bitter sweetness is sour in this movie We see the lonely, bored-up snobbers. <br /> <br /> I mean hell, Byron never thought of his poems much, except when he finally found his own voice in Don Juan! In addition to developing poetry and romance, his relationship with Shelly (and breaking down) should have been added more. There is also in Italy in Ravenna where he is involved in politics and revolutionary concepts. This is important because it shows that the language, romance and escape of the deceased and Childe Harold's people are changing into reality and the passion for the language and people of Don Juan is growing in life. Life and work are one. Actually still naive But it is what makes him go to Greece! And all things happened in Pisa, all of which Shelley's revolutionary spirit sparked a spark. Missolonghi was not a boring person who was looking for some action. It is the insights in Italy (the Gambas) that makes him excited. It may be a symbol for men who are looking for excitement in ancient battles, while other parts of Europe have been modified for modern reasons and conservation. But it is not only that there is a real inspiration behind At the same time, Byron wrote Don Juan a lot. True, his end was quite sad. But it's not that he's tired That is the essence of life. Byron: He may have a strong emotional bond (2: Augusta and Teresa), but every time he manages to create himself truly new. Means that he is not 'a little' at the end of his life - no, he creates the body and mind that at that time only a handful of people are ready to do it. <br /> <br /> I wonder. Why is the second time in Is the life of Byron been overlooked? Because there is a less obvious conflict in the end when the man comes to himself? In focusing on our interest in the disappointing years of England that were full of scandals, we showed that we were no better than the English nobility at that time, which Byron was very insulted and even though he had no choice. Fleeing in 1816 to find a world that is modern and free enough to allow him to find a voice that would make him the first romantic plainspoken language poet and evolved from The nozzles are obsessed with themselves.
