I am a big fan of Batman comics and I was disappointed when I couldn't find Batman: The Animated Series on TV anymore. I'm excited to know that there will be a new Batman cartoon on TV. I watched the first episode on the day it premiered and I was very disappointed. First of all, the animation was terrible. Looks like a crappy cheap Japanese anime. Then again, every era of cartoons is like that. <br /> <br /> The character's design is worse than before. Batman looks like Birdman, Catwoman looks like Chihuahuawoman, Bane looks like a red version of the Hulk, Penguin is the Master Kung-Fu, Mr. Freeze is something with the iceberg on his head and Riddler is Gothic. Marilyn Manson looks similar (which Funny because I didn't expect people who are obsessed with puzzles and puzzles as gothic. <br /> <br /> The worst character design is Joker. They make him a Bob / Marley / Kung- fighter. Fu crazy! Jokers should be the most dangerous enemy of Batman. But in this program, he is almost no threat because his fault is stupid and pointless. In one episode, his plan was to put the joker's poison in the dog food! Oh, really bad! Batman is an interesting and complex character because he is haunted by the death of his parents, which is why he fought crime. This model of Batman doesn't seem to be haunted by the death of the parents and is not interesting. He's not a detective, just a fighter. If there are enemies that cannot be overcome, he will not study the enemy to find their weaknesses. As a detective, he will create a giant fighting robot to defeat them. Many times this show doesn't feel like Batman shows an idiotic anime, another story that is nothing but a pointless fight. <br /> <br /> The thing I hate the most in this program is what they are. Do with the villain They bring everything that makes them favorite and reliable and turns them into stereotypical bad guys. The bat man is the largest example. In the cartoon, he is a sad scientist who studies bats to find a cure for his deafness. When experimenting with himself, he accidentally transformed himself into a giant bat animal. In this performance, he is a mad scientist who wants to transform himself into a giant bat animal without a clear reason. Just every villain is like that. No one except them, about one or two people who have real motives for their sins Paul Dini wrote the BTAS episode "Heart of Ice", which made Freeze's new origin make him a more tragic, three-dimensional villain and a favorite. Now it has become so popular that fans accept that it is his true origin and that it has been used in cartoons as his origin. Even the movie Batman and Robin are cheerful, using it as their starting point. In this program, he steals a small gem before becoming a freeze. After becoming a freeze, then guess what? He is also a tiny diamond thief! Good origin It is not surprising that they use it more than what Dini created After that, Tim Burton's Batman movie and clearly became the best movie of Christopher Nolan Batman. No one in them is 100% loyal to cartoons, but they are still very good. The problem with this performance is that it's not like the cartoon or BTAS. It lacks any depth that makes other Batman media popular. <br /> <br /> I have been given this opportunity many times already But the more I watch, the more I find that disappointed me. I miss a good day when the Batman cartoon is something that everyone can enjoy.
