Only once I wanted to see Beowulf's version, which appeared to be a familiar script writer, at least with the original poem. Again, after watching this sci fi presentation, I was disappointed. <br /> <br /> I didn't suggest writers must understand and analyze poems in ancient English. But at least I hope that they will be able to read modern English translations and try to create stories based on what actually happened. The story is exciting enough. Why add elements of the plot that do not exist and destroy the story What happens to being honest with the message? <br /> <br /> Grendel is immune to all kinds of weapons. Why do you suggest some unbelievable faces and cannot exist at this time? (As the previous reviewer pointed out correctly) The fight with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. That's it. No one participated in the fight. The only way that Beowulf can overcome him is to choose specifically to fight monsters without any weapons. The mistakes made by all previous challenger Nonetheless, in this version, Danes and Geats fight with the beast and Beowulf punches Grendel's arms with a sword! Again, why are they unable to describe what actually happened? Personally, I think the one-on-one pairing is more exciting Why should the agreement be added to the mother of Hrothgar and Grendel, which includes worship? Why must create a special character like Finn that doesn't add anything to the story? There is no love story in the poem. They can't set the scene in the right place. (The forest instead of the swamp forest and no hidden under the lake) They failed to observe the hidden metaphor of Grendel meaning? It should be underground to represent hell. Why don't you focus on the symbols contained in epic poems instead? Even my high school students last year can do a lot better when they create a short film from Beowulf because they focus on themes and symbols that are the basis of the story. If Hollywood can create a movie that focuses on these elements and is faithful to the plot, that would be a truly great movie.
