Where to start? Modern times? Archer crosses high-tech to some extent about 500AD? Arrows with explosive charge in 500AD? Grendel, a monster that looks like robocop and apparently never interacts with any weapon that shoots or hurls at him. Does the heart tear from the victim's chest without touching? It may be possible that the blond hair that fits into the fashion show recently with her makeup and hair? The ancient Danish court is shown in classical Greek style, right? Queen, played by Marina Sirtis, is more fierce than her makeup artist than madness? The effect is too weak to carry this matter. There are some things that don't mind or even benefit from the cheap effects, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> <br /> The characters who seem to jump in their attitude without motivation. ? The brave brave prince, whose home has been rescued by more than one monster, seems to have disregarded the danger he faced less than Beowulf, who had been sent from far away from the ground. Dan Geats to help the hopeless Danish In this regard, it feels more like an old cowboy than any other legend. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient tale in an era in which there is almost no literary tradition and has both faith and drama that is not. clear I suspect that any modern saying that has not been cleverly tried to penetrate the confusion must fail. I do not love the latest "Beowulf and Grendel", which sees that Grendel is a human and sees his Hrothgar and Danes in pride And too stupid to recognize Grendel's attacks, as well as the righteous revenge But I have to respect the position of the newly-renovated Hrothgar, a gangster who has never understood, even after finishing, they bring this nightmare to themselves, so the original story of Beowulf written is a true presentation correct I think there are more complex meanings to understand than that. But the terrible secret of "Grendel" that Grendel's attacks linked to human sacrifices earlier did not lead us to be close to the shame that Hrothgar and Danes <br /> <br /> This little Beowulf Will suggest that it is a traditional legend or a modern fantasy. I give 4: higher than it should be But always hope that bad efforts will attract attention from those who are ready to tell stories wisely. In the meantime, the creation of Sci-Fi movies seems to be in line with NASA's policy that it is better to create a number of failed probes than few that have succeeded.
