This "intelligent" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And while I think the original movie is quite bad But worse than that, when American-International International hacked the movie in pieces and inserted the American-made segment to fool viewers Now, if your audience is made from all stupid people, it is obvious that this pain occurs - and do it with a little skill or care about the final product. The bottom line is that you have many Japanese scenes and clear American scenes, which the movie looks very different. Moreover, the American scene is meaningless and consists of two groups of people in a meeting that talks about Gamera - the evil flying turtle! And although this is a monster, fire, flight and destruction But there is no energy because I think the actors are embarrassed by being in this horrible movie, especially Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. Both of them are tired and uneasy to stay there. <br /> < br /> Now, for a monster, it's not an animal like Godzilla. In general, seeing a giant antler turtle pulls his head and limbs and starts spinning in the air like a hilarious missile. On the other hand, the crappy plane of the destroyed Balsa building and the power plant is normal in this film and is not surprising. Combined with the ancient Japanese ideas that will make people who are not Japanese people annoyed and that is "A cute and precocious little boy who loves monsters and believes in him." Yeah. Just like in GODZILLA VERSUS SMOG MONSTER and many other movies, you have a small monster that cheer the monster. Although not like the nation behind Godzilla at this time, Gamera is not a good person and it turns out that in the end the boy is just stupid! Silly, a bad special effect that can do better on average, seven years, bad performances, meaningless American clips and horrific voice overs sometimes make this movie miserable. While most people will definitely hate this movie (And stupid children) but there is a minority who has a love and likes to compare with Bergman and Kurosawa. Don't believe them - this is a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Clearly he appeared on a great stage, making Gamera perform in many movies in the 60s and in the past. These things do not change at all. It is an important fact that he is a flying turtle that can breathe or the movie is really weak.
