Now we travel to the parallel universe, where the appearance of a giant prehistoric demon that is flattened is part of the daily routine. It is the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their race - a strange world and making strangers with the presence of an unidentified flying turtle Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever under The shadow of the Toho stone pillars. The second studio room, Daiei Studios, is famous for the saga of samurai rather than the monster movie. In the mid-60s, they decided to join the giant reptile competition and design a rival monster set for Godzilla, who had the overwhelming success of Toho. They chose Gamera as a clever flagship - a giant turtle that shot. Penetrated from its molar and rotated through the air by firing flames through the shell holes of the shells (and at one point you almost saw that the shells caught fire! ) <br /> <br /> Gamera's first movie, "Gamera The Invincible" (as sold to the United States), is like the mirror of the first Godzilla movie, which took only 10 years. There was no sign over the Arctic to its hot end - the nuclear bomb on the plane burned and awakened the Gamera giant from its cold sleep. Eating atomic energy, it immediately ramped and the world wanted to destroy Gamera again and again. But a small Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a mental relationship with a giant turtle and still keeps small animals in the aquarium His bedside believed that Gamera was kind and compassionate. He is like a small Jewish boy that Hitler "Kamera is a good turtle". He then pleaded with him and cried and put on his face like a poop in his cocoa. The world leaders listened to him miraculously and began a plan to save the world and the Kamera from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Published in 1965, the Camera is very popular. The annoying anthropological human beings are actually working with small audiences both in Japan and the United States, and the image of Gamera on two feet that trot the tiny feet of Tokyo and the North Pole is so beautiful. The most surprising thing is the longevity of the series: the original eight films of Gamera, including the latest created movies. Not bad for mutated reptiles that have only one friend, mewing milquetoast, eight years old - and if I hear "Gamera is a friend with every child" again, I will destroy Tokyo. Which seems to be a simple task in a parallel universe where intelligent children and turtles are bigger than the Seiko signs in Gamera-turtle-fest 1965 Gamera
