With the increasing popularity of the iconic Godzilla series at the moment, as well as the events in popular cinemas, there are inevitable groups of importers trying to earn money from the success of the big lizards. When Godzilla reached the dawn of the growing popularity of kaiju (giant monster) genres, many people wanted success. Few get it. One of the few people that not only But only gain But still popular, Gamera, a giant turtle that can breathe in and out and fly by throwing a flame out of the socket in his carapace to be a jet propulsion But unlike Godzilla Gamera, marketed as friends with all the children after fighting other monsters to help children in danger and make Gamera popular among kiddies. It's about the mainstream of only one audience. The original Gamera series will have an appeal. While the new Gamera movie, directed by Shusuke Kaneko, is a monster movie that revolutionized the new film industry, including this original film, nothing special. <br /> <br /> The first Gamera movie that was screened in Japan in the name "The Giant Monster Gamera" apparently is the Godzilla that wants to be Although this movie was created in the era of color movies But why was it taken in black and white? In order to imitate Godzilla's first film from 1950, Gamera also attacked Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie I don't know much about the Japanese version. For the version that I am familiar with, the American version of the scene has been cut and new images are inserted with American actors. (Is it a coincidence or not happening with the first Godzilla movie) Now, whether adding or removing from the movie, I can't say "Gammera the Invincible" is nothing more than boring boredom. Like a big turtle, <br /> <br /> "Gammera the Invincible" is a very normal movie. The characters come from the stock of science standards - this novel lacks consciousness. The monster has no real motivation to attack the civilization. The show is ridiculous and others. The only thing different from the Godzilla series is the ending of the movie But it was the destroyer because the plan finally stopped Gamera's rampage that was completely ridiculous and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movies and other items in this category are also suitable for that description. But this is a terrible monster movie. <br /> <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko turns Gamera into an interesting monster in the ending in 1990 in the original series, Gamera doesn't have a screen. interesting He is not scary and not sympathetic. He wandered around like a toddler rocking in each step. As usual, everyone wants to destroy Gamera except the little boy (Yoshio Uchida, who has been left in the credit even though he plays the role of 'center'), thinking that Gamera is a good turtle. <br /> <br /> The genre "Gammera the Invincible" is part of an easy goal for criticism and the film has a special pressure, even in other Godzilla-imitators companies. Gamera's film is not Dean's movie. Company A. And as far as my cinema experience continues, the rest of the movies in the series are boring or worse Like Godzilla, Gamera will paint and fight monsters. And just like Godzilla, he will be cheaper and cheaper in every movie until the time to revive the series and make him serious again. <br /> <br /> It's strange. I always recommend that people stick to the original and pass on remakes, but in the case of Gamera, my decision is the opposite. I would like to recommend Gamera's trilogy to Gamera in the 1990s, directed by Shusuke Kaneko and across the original series, unless interested. This new movie is creative, fun, exciting and above all. The original series is long-lasting boredom.
