The Last Station, the author of Michael Hoffman's poem about the last month of Leo Tolstoy's life, begins with a mist and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family. In the area where Yasnaya Polyana walked and wrote and saw his wife and followers in the story "Movement". People are devoted to his thoughts about peace. The property that has been gathered in the forest camp is not far away. His wife Sofia (Helen Mirren) openly wars with the leader of his movement, Chetkov. (Paul G. Amatti), which she claims in an attempt to convince Tolstoy to sign the rights to his work, let the Russians try to steal wealth. Owed her when her husband died near All of this observation was the new steward of Tolstoy Bulgakov (James McAvoy), an innocent follower who had been torn between his love for men and his concern for his wife. <br /> <br /> Hoffman's screenplay by Jay Parini often distracts himself into a confusing land, creating a complex, messy topic and opaque motivation that ultimately cannot fix itself in a satisfactory way. The scope of this film is great and its story should resonate like Tolstoy, who believes that certain aspects of the Bolsheviks and Ghandi lovers are unfortunately not a thing. Unresolved, created with many delicious encounters For example, the three-way relationship between the faithful and skeptical Sophia church is often cited. In the final part of the movie, a priest with a beautiful hat appeared. But the script never expanded too slowly to insert into this story to try to add value or show historical accuracy There are many details in the movie. But did not receive enough attention for most of them, and the result was that this film would feel too cluttered with power Unfortunately, there is no point. <br /> <br /> Its heart is love. The story between Sophia and Tolstoy and the story that was bewildered and cramped as it was the reason for watching movies. Mirren and Plummer are the best in the movie. Tolstoy of Plummer's Plummer is vague at the same time, confused and resolute, anxious and full of happiness and confidence. Mirren's Sophia is full of fear in the right bubble, forced to watch and expect to be quiet when her husband relinquishes his treasure and money to someone who is dedicated to him. But it is clear in the possession of their own agenda. They are the greatest actors, gaining a vast gap between the true significance of the couple in history and the ability of the script to support that matter, both Sofia and Master. Tolstoy seems to be overbearing in the movie by Mirren and Plummer alone. The best they can come out of, what little material are Giammati and McAvoy. Both talented actors can't do the same and Gertatti Chertkov doesn't seem to be a revolution or a thief. (And not both at once) but as the numbers stand for a package of unresolved anxiety and Cancel historical impulses The scope of this thing never suffered anything. It was jammed by the strength of Plummer and Mirren and not much. It's interesting and beautiful. But eventually did not work. 4.5 / 10
