An incredibly exaggerated anime television series (26 episodes, each 25 minutes) is about a 14-year-old boy (and his two female classmates), a giant robot pilot. To protect Japan There are very few explanations for angels or why their number has increased over time and they seem to emerge from other places without clear reasons. (Why not attack all at once instead of having a convenient distance for The man you tried to destroy?) Robot battle scenes try to use a variety of obstacles. But the action is not good and boring to watch Almost every episode seems to be a waste of space that has nothing to happen. <br /> <br /> Some people may be intrigued by the fans who talk about the (very little) symbolic reference here, but that's all they A shallow one-liners For religious or philosophical concepts that were thrown randomly without zero crafts Overall, the series is incredibly boring due to the superficial character that is nothing more than a distressing crybabies. Psychology is pathetic, with simple conflicts like "I hate my father" over and over and over again and again, without progressing beyond their value. There is no exaggeration to say that these characters jump this series from ordinary people, wasting time to rubbish that caused anger during the final episode, with their endless episodes of extremely angry diatribes. Too often of psychobabble repeatedly. <br /> I'm not joking. When I say that this series is getting worse every day, I watch the DVD set sitting on the table in my living room and talking to myself. "Damn, I have to watch the next episode at some point (sigh). I might hit another one tonight." The real player is the episodes that are only 25 minutes long, but they can penetrate into the hole. Not completely interesting in 10 minutes. This is from someone who is happy to sit and watch a 150-minute movie. Therefore, the criticism in this series is definitely scary. <br /> <br /> I never watched. So much drama in life is as much as "Evange lion "I bought it on IMDb's crazy comments and of course I won't let it accumulate dust after using hard-earned money. What followed was 10 hours of pure and uncompromising torture. My love / hate relationship with anime became a hateful relationship / love after a famous disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" means everything in Ani. Ume should not be - a lot of rag Intelligent cinema Universal acclaim for this piece, just unbelievable; And ridiculous claims by fans that this series as "One of the greatest achievements of mankind" seems to be the most surprising comment I have ever heard about IMDb - and I've seen doozies.
