I sometimes see this show because my wife looks sometimes. I try to enjoy it because it is a basic concept that helps poor families. But there are many factors that come to me Every episode follows the same pattern that many parts seem to be completely scripted (which is) and the tears seem to be in the queue. Efforts to deal with the audience with a mix of sad emotions and music are truly self-closing for me. The fact that everyone who donates something to the house, whether it is Sears or anyone who has plugged himself for being generous, it is annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have in all is that there will be a lot of money and a small army of workers combined to create an amazing home for a single family. Now I know that this money is nothing but dumping trash for Disney / ABC, but how much money can be made for more people with the amount they put in a single house. Instead of focusing on one family and letting them all cry on the episode, why not help 10 families and show highlights? Life isn't hard enough for the average person, right? Why do I need help finding things that are sad? Why not show what truly inspires without being distorted? I know that what is being done for these families is a good thing. But they are also used for ranking You can't tell me that they are not crying coaches. I guess when I saw these people moving into the house where the hardest workers in the United States couldn't pay for their children, it really bothered me. I can't help thinking of things that can really be done with Disney's small amount of money. Instead of having every family member have a flat-screen TV and or a private shower that tells the temperature of the water and firing from the ceiling, why not help more people to buy food, clothing, education and health insurance? I know we can be entertained and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same with Oprah. I don't think anyone can understand the amount of money she has. Yes, showing her latest reality doing good things But when she gave $ 30,000 to the lost person "Contestant" I'm sitting here thinking ... That is a salary for many many years ... If they are lucky Don't let me start the game show. So I know that the Extreme Makeover Home Edition is "well done" but forgive me if I see it as a self-service rather than for myself. Has anyone felt similar?
