This movie is not about football. It's about Jesus / God !! It is a religious drift that is morally the same as you get from the madman, the arch door that fought for Jesus or the iron pump for Jesus. Yes, Jesus is full, likes to play sports, contact and own a mute bell. This movie should be called "Hiking for Jesus" or something along those lines, just to let the public know that the true intent of this movie is to change people into Christians and to follow those whose brain has been Thoroughly washed In the blood of lambs The name comes from the Bible clearly when the head coach is reading his scriptures and asking for help from Jesus. The latest sports movie "Invincible" has inspired more than 100 times and Jesus is not a factor. It is just the desire and determination of each person who has a dream. <br /> <br /> The most appealing thing as an inspiring sports movie has finally disappeared in the midst of chaos. Outstanding Bible and religious propaganda One gets the impression that a single message is the only way you can succeed and get positive results, ie if you accept Jesus as your personal savior. But this is not true, so it is a lie to those who believe that it is true and want others to believe. The image of the athlete who wins thanks to Jesus when he wins. What did he do when he lost? Does he curse Jesus? not sure! When he loses, Jesus will not be responsible. Jesus is responsible only when he wins. And the logic is round and round and round, and it ends exactly where the true believer wants it every time !! I have to stop playing temporarily when the scene with the coach picks up a new truck so I can stop rolling on the floor, laughing, resigning and breathing. Materialism is not what Jesus taught. I think it's strange that most "Christians" seem to forget or ignore this message from "The Savior" of them, especially when I saw Jesus fish on the back of an enormous SUV soda gas. <br /> <br /> Another message that this film implies that Jesus Paying more attention to the statistics of the victory of the high school football team he made about millions of starving children in the world. The final scene where an unsecured and unsettled player started the 51-yard field goal and it was hypnotized by the incredible incredible magic that I eventually covered with a religious red flag, spooning this turkey. I only gave three stars because the person who played the black coach really did.
