I was scolded by Christian friends, insulted and expressed disappointment with this film. I got support from a message like this: "I can't believe that you don't like it! It was created by Christians! "" Everyone donates their time and no one pays for the movie! It was created by the church, not Hollywood. We should use our money with movies like this! They spend $ 100,000 to create a movie only. "This is a true church and Christian school in Georgia! The preacher writes and directs "It is clear that the reason I should love this movie is because of the way it was created and the minimum amount of money used to build it, and that is what Christians created. That's all that's necessary for me to love movies. <br /> <br /> Look, I get a movie without knowing anything about the movie's background. I have never heard of this and have no idea - besides football - what is it about? I watched it like I watched another movie and was disappointed. I'm disappointed in the editing and the weak script. I am very disappointed in solving the problem after the climax. Don't worry. There are other cheap movies and other expenses. Make movies that get less respect from me. It's not about creating movies. It is the final work. <br /> <br /> The author acknowledges that God doesn't say "yes" to everything we pray the way we want. But he wants to act with faith. God changes our lives. It's true. However, God can change our lives and we still have infertility. God can change our lives and we are not promoted from our work. God can change our lives and our cars are still boring. God can change our lives and our house still stinks. Why didn't he show that in the movie? Others expressed concern to the writer / director in this story. But obviously he has protection. <br /> <br /> I don't think the performance is scary or the scenery. I like the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing our great power and weakness. <br /> <br /> The writing and governance are very weak. It's easy to distinguish this because many characters don't develop. All we get from the coach's wife is that she is not pregnant. (Well until the end of the movie) It seems that there is only one ball player that has the potential to have an interesting character and that is shuffled into pieces. "I have a disabled father and I can't play football. Even though I never actually kicked a football field before, "Another problem is the Christian school itself. Um, I've worked for two Christian schools and went to a school myself. I have many nieces and nephews in other Christian schools. Overall, I have close relationships with about ten other people. No problems I see in all these schools have been resolved. I see this as a surreal picture in movies about their school and want them to show human factors. It would be good to see the truth and the way that God can work. <br /> <br /> I will close by stating that all works, whether written or drawn, or played in tools - share the view The artist's world The world view that shows me in this movie includes "Those who pray correctly, win the ball game, pick up a new car, think when they do not add and get home remedies - within a short period of time." I know. I should love this movie because of sincerity. Of the people who created it I think I should love movies because they do well and there is no other reason.
