I watched this movie in a youth group where my instinctive youth leader and his wife squeezed over it. Then some adult couples in the Christmas party associated with the church deceived themselves to give out copies of this movie to all families to join, and now my family is stuck with this movie. I cried with tears from these tragic events and this is the reason: First of all: this movie has good intentions, especially if you are a Christian like me. This film tries to show that you should believe in God and make your life better. Not bad, right? Well, it turned out to be a problem - a big deal. This film was created by the church, so of course, every issue must be handled tastefully for Christians as far as possible. It is all black and white without gray areas. The grace and wishes of God in this movie are predictable and it comes to everyone who follows his orders immediately. <br /> <br /> This is not the God I know. This is not a familiar Christian life. The God I believe in is a powerful and trustworthy God. But he was not the one who gave all my wishes I follow him as best I can. But the football team in this movie finds humility and self-control easier than anyone should find. I can't relate to cutting cardboard that flips from the bad side to a good side during the movie scene with some structure. And when I followed his commandments as specified in the scriptures, I didn't find myself blessed abundantly like these characters. My biggest reward is knowing that I have done the right thing. Everything comes with a long, busy and difficult job. <br /> <br /> But for this movie trailer: Grant Taylor is the football coach at Shiloh Christian School, which has 6 consecutive seasons. He may lose his job and he and his wife have the same money. They need children But the doctor told him that he was sterile Oh and his car doesn't work and the kids on his football team don't respect their parents lazy after losing millions and kicking bad goals in the field. This is a famous community here. <br /> <br /> But wait, Grant Taylor decides that he will trust in God for everything! And he passed his confidence to his team Until now, very well. When they began to obey and truly bless them. Suddenly, the students stopped to despise their parents. The school had a "revival" in which the great team began to win every game; They also win the Grand Championship match against the toughest team in the league! Coach Taylor's job is more confident. The school gave him a new truck as a gift. (Which, by the way, is the best of employers who employ in shallow weather) he has been added; His wife (receiving this) even conceived from sterile sperm! And the skinny boy was able to kick his first football field as soon as it was really important !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise God, etcetera, etcetera !!! ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever been exposed to Christ in a barren way. Yes, there are many miracles in my family, as well as gifts and facilities for living things, and I tell them of God's grace and mercy. But God is not a faucet that you can open and close by good or bad! He is a great mystery. His gift comes unexpectedly, often when you think you don't need it. But you really do It's long and serious to the path of fulfillment and things never change as you think they can do. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But due to the highest shallowness and overall escape, the tank size is 1/10. Bad performances and sports films seem to be acne next to the fault that this movie pushes without. <br /> <br /> For the future church that you plan to create a movie: Don't be afraid to show REAL life, even if you have to add the inconvenient truth to the ingredients. However, many basic enthusiasts are treated by making cotton sweets. No one has learned much from it. Give us meat, bones and real things! The real life is applied to everyone, not just Christians and that is one aspect that "The encounter with the giants" cannot be understood.
