Scarecrows are one of those movies that have slightly increased performances, more direction and more logic of the story. It is still an eerie movie that has a strong makeup and gore effect and is evidence that helps to create the mood of fear despite itself. And he doesn't have a teenager who is killed one by one - just a stupid adult so it's a refreshing change And the plot of the story similar to the surprisingly dead birds with a fast-paced robbery, an abandoned haunted house, where there are no places and monsters and monsters But like Dead Birds, adults are still witty. They run aimlessly before being killed one by one and they don't care about the obvious danger. <br /> <br /> In Scarecrows, though, we won't find it. Supernatural Why and that sustains an atmosphere of horror And like a clown, the scarecrow may look very creepy Unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course, fleeing in a plane hijacked with his pilots and daughters after a large amount of robberies. Soldiers and soldiers were invaded by two soldiers. Very nervous man named Bert. He jumped out of the plane with a large and heavy box that collected money without a plan to move it when he was on the floor. He is the most stupid person in the group. He was killed first. But not before he happened to the hunter's dwelling, nestled in the midst of a creepy scarecrow and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by barbed wire and many warnings away And a strange air turbine on the roof with a pitchfork and pterodactyl should be a warning signal as well The inside of the house is quite intuitively. (For us, to the audience right now) <br /> <br /> Annoying, we have to listen to Bert's thoughts about voice-overs when he walks around to a weak truck in the house. The way in which the key appears will be enough to have my pants - with me in them - fly out the door. Maybe it's just me But I enjoy watching the lips of people moving on the screen, even if they think aloud. It helps to increase the intensity of the action and let the actors do more than just sounds like talking. Bert lifts the box up on the truck and escapes. Of course, why not? Truck drops often have a lot of gas, especially today's prices and batteries? No problem. Now I mention that Bert is the most stupid person in the group and this is the reason. (In addition to the above) wear a night vision goggles to walk through the leaves and find a house. He takes them out, drives the truck away instead, turning the headlight to see where he is going. Of course, the robbers were still in the plane, looking at the headlights of his truck and knowing where he was brilliant. He certainly deserved death. I'm not sure why he wanted the night vision goggles at first because every scene was bright from inside the plane Until the night view and the house Film filming is both short-sighted. B. Just leaving school or Dealing with really cheap films <br /> <br /> Bert meets his death when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere, thinking of one very good touch, and there I have to accept a few in the movie. The fact that when he opened the lid of the truck without the engine Creepy to make sure (And put on pants, comment again here). The logic of the story fails when dying. Now stuffed like-a-struggling with money and straw Bert returns to the house. The rest of the bunch was there. He groaned and knew that he was dead and very upset and stuffed like a struggling person with money and straw. Dedbert managed to fight quite well and grabbed a friend's mouth, pushing him through the window, causing him to bite more than he could chew in a bloody scene. At this point, you will think that they have to drive out of the house and return to the plane - but noooo. They decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, both Bert was dead and he would be treated quite as a matter of fact, even though a light bulb in the group was arguing that "Bert is walking around, dying for chaos!" <br /> <br /> Suddenly he appeared on the ground outside the house and robbers to find the victim. Soon, Jack was sent away, and the other scenes were well done and scary, which was related to boring hands and lack of anesthetics. Now there are three scarecrows that are causing chaos and one of them needs a real hand. <br /> <br /> When one of the robbers saw the scarecrow and Jack were a scarecrow, he started screaming, running away like Hell and shoot the gun in military style - very general for all the training that is under pressure. He meets other people and stops in his path to explain why he screams, runs away like hell and fires a gun even though the scarecrow seems to chase him. Again, what the logic of the script ... is dead and very sorry. Jack returned to the house and followed the screaming that had normal results. If you listen to Jack's demon roar, you may notice that it is a roar like a monster often heard on the Lost In Space final TV. <br /> <br /> Two survivors ran away from home and Returning to the plane, almost never surviving, but they, you have to watch the movie to find.
