This movie is terrible. I don't know whether to laugh or cry. I have high hopes for Horrorfest that year, which is the first year I joined Horrorfest and I have to say that Horrorfest and all movies use false advertising at a whole new level. Madness towards advertisers because I'm sure they fooled many people to spend money and watch those movies that year. Hamilton is the worst person I have ever seen (the other people I see are the unrest, the Dark Ride and the reincarnation). Movies and trailers make the alien family seem to be threatening the area. Side by side, which I think is an interesting storyline But will be disappointed at the end when discovering that it is the 'era of the era' about the transformation of the boy monster, which is the reason why the drama is dominant in horror in this movie And in order to make the story more ridiculous, they added a twin that had a horn which could not wait to 'bite' out of each other and some deadly creatures were trapped in the basement, which if I discovered what it was 'There is a secret that has not been revealed at the end of this movie. I will leave the theater half way in the movie. <br /> <br /> Finish losing money and time. Cut forty minutes from this movie and make it a part of some shows, such as Smallville or Charmed or Supernatural. Too bad that two years later I had to go back to IMD and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. In addition, while you are reading this, avoid the remaining Horrorfest movies in the future. What you can do most is rent them from Blockbusters or watch online. Somewhere, Horrorfest offers movies from independent filmmakers that can't be screened on the big screen and all the shit about. 'What they didn't show you in the cinema' They didn't refer to blood or courage or horror ... They were referring to their own movies. Because they are scary, think that Horrorfest is a less famous version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies <br /> <br /> Sorry for all 'hate', but next time think twice before you. Will cheat their money
