Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Five-O Lite". It is located in Hawaii. It is an action / adventure crime drama. Many scenes include boats and palm trees and polyester fabrics and shirts ... it's still Is a star actor "Zulu" in supporting roles Oh, there is a slight difference - Roy Thinnes should be the front line agent and the supporting actors are much smaller. (And less interesting), but in general, the atmosphere remains the same. The problem is "Hawaii Five-O" (other QM products) already exist at the time and has worked for many years. It fulfills the market's need for adequate crime in Hawaii. Code name: Diamond Head may be intended to be a hierarchy of H50. Eventually, the old series will eventually shrink ... but it comes back. In the form of a second copy that is not necessary, it does not suck, but it is something that is completely adapted and does nothing like the original. <br /> <br /> Having the right acting ability Tinnes is an old professional and he gives the best chapter for him and he is not bad. But Tinnes is as good as the material and his director. Ian McShane is here as an evil spy named "Tree" and McShane tends to be the most interesting actor in every scene he appears. Come in. Frances Ngyuen looks sensibly new. But her surprise, the appearance of opaque, accentuating the boldness and the delivery made of wood, is not what makes dreams come true. Dependence on her supply Thinnes 'romantic interest' may be the biggest mistake of the series. At least for a series aimed at white audiences who brought up with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our beloved goddess. Give another £ 30 a year to the conversation / voice instructor and she might cut it. Zulu is a good person, his normal self, some fun. But he is not a person who can carry his own qualities Watching American TV saw many QM production that shouted ... I think "CN: DH" is too much one and it sank without a trace. It's not really the fault of the actors, and I hope that they will walk out here by paying the right amount and participating in the CVs again. In the sixth season and they enjoy playing with it a lot. Worth to find in that version if you enjoy the MST method of filming and Lamphun. But I can't imagine anyone interested in this pilot for other reasons.
