As others have mentioned, the film is similar to THE FLY (both versions) and less known sci-fi flakes that have been changed. The main difference is that these two films are created by people who know what they are doing and do good with it. METAMORPHOSIS Without these advantages METAMORPHOSIS Is an interesting science-fiction story that has been disliked by actors and actors. <br /> <br /> The following story, Dr. Gene LeBrock, a scientist who is passionate about work In genetic treatment for age and death When the university where he worked to threaten to cut funding, he decided to inject an anti-aging serum into himself. As a result, Dr. Houseman spent the rest of the movie slowly becoming a lizard. And yes, seeing a good doctor must go through the process of being a lizard is a great pleasure It's really terrible that it's good. Some lines are classic: "What is it?" "Nightmares ... from the past!" <br /> <br /> Many reviews that I have read now are stupid and ridiculous. The last five minutes of this movie I'm just going to go ahead and spoil it: the good doctor went from being a half-chopper. The half-lizard thing is what appears to be a man in the set. Godzilla refuses when the police finally gun him down. In the final scene, some nasty children saw a small pet lizard, which he claimed to be dead and the movie's heroine Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) apparently decided that the little lizard was the last animal of Dr. Houseman, then the camera will allow us to see the face of the lizard closely. I think this is how the director shows us that the lizard is evil. Yes i'm a fool But I laughed until I couldn't complain. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Megapack Chilling Classics 50 movie that I bought. I'm sure many people who read this do the same thing. 50 envelopes are the only way to watch this movie on DVD. If you just bought a box set and didn't watch this movie, it's worth your time even if I break your end. It is possible to search for this movie online for free.
