"Metamorphosis" has little value because it is written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian doctor is the identity of a man who is crazy and starred in every production of Joe D'Amato that is rancid in In the late 70s / early 80s, it would not be interesting for euro buyers, who are crazy about owning a single movie directed by a guy who walked around in "Erotic Nights of the Dead Dead" forever. Time? I think so! Now, which is different from the movie he performed in the movie Eastman's "Metamorphosis" is disappointing in the sales department. There are a number of murders that are offensive, magical monster effects, and naked female bodies. (Appeared as a guest guest by Laura Gemser, the queen!) On the display, but most of the movies were talkative. Dr. Houseman, a handsome and eloquent, is gaining scientific progress with human DNA code research. When suddenly the university he worked to threaten to cancel his money He developed the theory to decode genes and block the aging process of humans. But if he did not produce a detailed report shortly, his research would stop, so Dr. Hausman did what the genius scientist would do and inject the unprocessed serum. Tested into his own blood vessels No need to say (And, like the name shown), he gradually transforms into a murderous creature that is actually much faster! In other words, his research sucked! Like other reviewers who have already mentioned this movie, "Borrow" many ideas from "The Fly" by David Cronenberg? The sub-plot of the love story drama is also included, but does not add a novelty from itself. The main difference is that you feel connected to the character of Jeff Goldblum in "The Fly" while Dr. Houseman became just another monster that must be destroyed as soon as possible. The fast-paced aspect reminds me of Rugallo Deodato, who says the "Phantom of Death" tragic story of Ruggero Deodato. Only the assistants in this film inherited the characters in this film. Although the physical deterioration of the carrier is very similar in both films Few, fear or excitement to be discovered here instead of movies, there are many bad performances, bad lighting, punches with punches and climax, completely retarded to boot. Do not hesitate to skip this thing.
