If you have a bad day or a bad week If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget your problems I don't think the role model is that movie for you. <br /> <br /> The movie around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott), two juice promoters who go to schools that promote products, say More children to stop drugs and fruit juices But Danny is having the worst week and problems with his car company, with Wheeler sitting beside him. Soon he will be a former girlfriend, Beth (Elizabeth Banks), who is a lawyer trying to avoid being imprisoned by serving as a volunteer community service at the Big Brother location named Sturdy Wings. Led by Gary Wheeler, entrusted to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson), who is 10 years old and has a foul mouth like him. Chris Rock Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight. And fought like he was in the Middle Ages But this is good for Danny and Wheeler, or are they better in prison? <br /> <br /> Okay, I won't go ambush around the bush. This movie is not very satisfying in many ways. Is the character of Ronnie. When hearing those bad words from a young child is very shocking. If he is a little older, it won't be much. I mean what his parents thought when they signed him on this issue. The character Elizabeth Banks couldn't match, maybe I should feel bad about her character. But I didn't feel anything because she was a hard-to-guess image as a woman who would act in this type of comedy And Jen Lynch, who is the worst She delivers the greatest overload performance ever Play as a former addict who acts like she is still addicted. Listening to you for everything that is annoying makes me want to hurl my head against the wall. Seann William Scott plays as another Stifler like character. He should try to separate himself from each other and this movie will not do. And even more, Scott tries hard to be funny, something that makes him not funny. <br /> <br /> Now, Paul Rudd, on the other hand, I'm going to separate from others in the movie because he manages. To deliver a strong performance even though he didn't laugh at higher But he was the most interesting character from the rest. The reason Rudd didn't use too much and didn't try hard. The scene with him and Mintz-Plasse was able to see but the rest of the film was very stupid. But it was predictable and not interesting It is a reminder that this type of comedy doesn't try anything new. Role models are examples of that.
