(There are only a few spoilers except as specified) <br /> <br /> I just enjoyed a lot of Spanish movies. Both the true Spanish films of people such as Almodovar and the director of Latin American films such as del Toro, which has an excellent "Devil's Backbone", which is set in the Spanish Civil War, is the best horror film of the past decade. It is not surprising that the film is well-made and well-behaved and managed to maintain a distinct Spanish atmosphere. But it is a disgusting and ridiculous movie that everyone hopes to see. <br /> <br /> What is the purpose of all this? We have no real idea of ​​what causes the creepy main character to start enjoying his killing, despite the fact that many voice-overs are drawn directly from his narcissistic journals. In an undesirable opening sequence on a regular basis, more than a decade ago, we saw the main character killing his girlfriend with jealousy and strange control. ("If I don't have you, no one can do it.") That may be one of the best sequences in the movie. But there was no clear relationship with the fun of his next kill, which seemed to be completely different in motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison that would cause this change? We have no idea, although we later discovered that it was absurd later that he received a law degree while imprisoned. <br /> <br /> In the UK in many ways, "serial killer "Or" our shameful sex "in the case of a frightening killer question arises; And what about the wife, do you know or wonder what happened? This is a question that this movie might ask, and of course the wife began to appear as one of the more interesting characters. But in general, the answer to that question is quite clear: "No, she doesn't do it", even though this amazing opportunity will be presented on the film, still managing to mistake it. All that we have received in the final form is a little moral readiness to earn money after the event. Compare this to the great moment in the Ten Rillington Place that Christie's wife says. "Do you know what I mean?" So sealing her fate and helping us to glimpse one of the knowledge and the horror that is suspended cannot be imagined. <br /> <br /> ( Important spoilers in this paragraph) In the meantime, we should believe that the murderer himself is a criminal offender that covers the police extensively, therefore receiving a brief summary of the incarcerated in a mental hospital. Significant before being released so that he could kill again. How did he do this? The plot has been heavily drafted at this point; What to do with intentionally leaving traces for the police But how does all of this work or why or how the court proceeds still remains a mystery? <br /> <br /> I don't believe that the serial killer will be like this. The Silence of the Lambs May be a comic book, but ?? Is a special teacher It makes the serial killer correct. They were deeply disturbed, very unusual and deeply inadequate; Not a dreadful mastermind presented here. (Closely related to the tender murderer of The Last Horror Movie or even the Man Bites Dog. Although it doesn't appear to be a word) <br /> <br /> The film has a little suspense and causes Confused in what the plot might create. It is useless to talk about the motives of serial killers, whether in general or in the specific cultural environment of Spain. This is just a bad excuse to show the violence of women who are women. And what makes the violence even more disgusting is the failure of the nervous system, of course, even as a presentation The soft main character of the real thing just makes it look like a titillatory. The more you drive, just one clear shot, the correct timing will be even more shocking and will make all the rest unnecessary. More movies to separate the loopholes in the story and style But we just got a picture of an endless girl stained on a table in a beautiful lingerie. But revealed a little more creepy, I'm sorry for being rude I love horror and can endure even the most extreme stories possible, even being worried about my partner. But I think everyone who finds this movie is good or interesting, even though I find myself cutting edge The purpose of horror movies is to make you scared. This is just a passion I have to give this movie more than one star because it is effective. But morally it is not reasonable and should not be done
