The disappearance is located in the Mojave Desert as Jim. (Harry Hamlin), and Patti Henley (Susan's good) and their two children, Katie (Basia A'Hern) and Matt (Jeremey Lelliott) with Ethan. When traveling along, they stopped at the roadside restaurant and asked about the old abandoned mining town on the map called Weaver. No one claimed to have heard. But it was there & the family decided to take a detour to check and take pictures. Once in the city, they took photos and looked around, but when it was time to leave the car, they wouldn't start and they had to spend the night there. While looking around, they found a video tape of the video camera that they played to find a picture of a woman who was afraid that her friend would disappear the next morning. Their car disappeared when things changed. Scary. What is the secret of Weaver? There will be a Henley to live ... <br /> <br /> Write a producer and directed by Walter Klenhard. I must say that the disappearance is one of the most frustrating movies that I've watched in the first 85 minutes. It's a mix of thriller and horror movies that are quite good. But then we will be treated as one of the worst endings in film history. The script introduces many things, but has never been done thoroughly or confirmed. & I was sitting there, truly interested about what happened from the family car that mysteriously disappeared. The four tombs recently what is in Abandoned mines, supernatural sandstorms & the unexpected disappearance of Ethan and his new appearance, the evil motives of the sheriff, the compass in The motor was crazy, the plane crashed, the townspeople who refused Weaver & the side effects that could be caused by the neutron explosion. But all of them are thrown out the window & for everything we know may be a completely separate event. Everything came in well & was prepared for a great revelation. But nobody is near and instead I have been treated to the most vague, strange, supernatural and most frustrating things. If there is no other ending that conflicts with what had happened before & let the audience have more questions than answers. It's almost as though the creator had a great idea. But didn't know what to do with them & just ended soon I felt that I spent a lot of effort in watching movies which were quite slow at times without receiving any rewards and in reality the ending felt like kicking in the teeth or greeting two fingers. <br /> <br Director Klenhard works right. Here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere & vast desert area gives a good feeling. It works well, but what do they think about that ending? There is nothing suitable. Nothing makes sense & is just a very annoying mess. After sitting through this thing for almost half an hour and a half, you will be confused and want to know more. Despite being a horror movie But there was no blood or blood, even though there was one or two eerie moments here This film reminds of the movie The Hills Have Eyes (2006), which is mostly reworked because it is something that this movie was created before the movie ended strangely, which did nothing at all. Will bring the film out. <br /> <br /> Technically, this film has high production costs, special effects, set locations and movies. Located in America But filmed in South Australia The performance is well done by skilled actors. <br /> <br /> The disappearance is a very strange movie for a long time that it turns into a horror horror movie. But it never explained anything that really happened & true At the end, just send more questions than answers. I don't see anyone making head or tails of this story. I can't really do it.
