This production never disappointed me. The plot is cut out so much that it is separated and the production is very short until you read the novel or see a better adaptation (eg 1995 with Amanda Root). It's time for character development. <br /> <br /> I like Sally Hawkins as Anne. But the rest of the actors are somewhat shorter than they should be Mrs. Croft is too old, like Elizabeth's sister Anne. Mary said everything with a shaky accent that the general evil and selfishness of her character disappeared. Much better is Mary Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and feelings of poor use have acknowledged that Wentworth's time suggested Anne stay with the injured object Louisa and Mary that she Louisa is the sister of the law. Imagine anyone not suitable to do that. In this model, she may still be because she is no different from other people in production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones looks good, but he does better than St. John River. (1995 Jane Eyre) may be because the character needs deep feelings I agree with the comments made earlier about the gig scene: It seems that he is trying to get rid of Anne more than she likes. Like the scene: It happens very quickly and with a little context, you wonder what all the fuss is about. And moving the speech at Wentworth, heard in the novel to the beginning of this production, is a major mistake that has helped in the disjointed manner of the chapter. <br /> <br /> Other problems of Me with this model is light Sometimes everything looks like a scene from the CSI morgue - very blue. Sometimes the light is terrible. It's hard to make this scene as good as when Ann visited a friend at her alma mater, Mrs. Smith (at Along the way should be paralyzed, more or less) told Anne on the road to tell her about Mr. Elliot's scary character that it was a violation that I couldn't think of who you were - I thought That Thor is one of Musgrave's girls and she is like that. Every woman is very beautiful and interchangeable) and the running scene ... In an age where the premium is at a premium level, it is hard to imagine Anne as a gentle tears flowing through Bath like a mountain ho. The How foolish are you? It's terrible. Sally Hawkins has all the good income from Anne Elliott. But she was completely prevented from bad screenplay and cut-off production
