I don't really want to see this thing. It looks like an old Raj Kanwar movie that made me weary before I started watching because I didn't think he would be a medium-level filmmaker. The only reason I took this picture was the image of Shahrukh Khan in the movie. I don't even know what this movie is about because I'm sure it's just a normal fairy tale. So I just imagined the love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with many supporting roles. By Ris Kasapur, who I think would play as her father or uncle. And with my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is a real hero! He is a girl who loves Divya! I regret to find that Shahruk has a small part that does not have content, and also in the second episode of this movie. <br /> <br /> Just let me repeat the question: Why is 17 years - Divya that should be Love has decreased for 40 long-haired pigs that are obese and swollen like Rishi Kapoor? Rishihi Kapapur should be ashamed to take this role. The only thing he did was ridicule himself. He invites women who are reasonably younger than their own daughters and make things worse - acting like teenagers at the age of forty. Above all, just making himself more pathetic, he plays as a pop star singer ... <br /> <br /> To make things clear, I have no problem with actors who love women who are older. Less than them As long as they create a reliable partner, there is no problem. In fact, top performers are often paired with a young woman (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and make the pairing quite good. Also, I have nothing to do with Rishi Kapoor. I think he is a good actor and his actions in Bobby are still buried in my heart. But not that he watched in this movie, such as Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan. Look today. <br /> <br /> That was a disappointment. Oh, and for the reason that everyone actually watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan was well launched. He excelled in his minority, causing him to make Divya Bharti at the end. If you want to watch this movie in the second half only Personally, I won't do that.
