I am not one of those people who will walk out of movies created from sources and automatically say that "This book is better" I know better than reducing the value of a movie just because it's not an honest modification. There are many lengthy processes and decisions to make movies that are sometimes beyond the control of the director / editor / director / producer / and of course, beyond the control of the original author. So there is no reason to expect that this movie will be the same, word-like words like books or play or video games or Disneyland Ride or whatever! Movies should be judged according to their own standards and how socially appropriate. Moreover, successful movies should be made because the material is related to the society that belongs to it, and if it depends on the source of the relevant information, it needs to be reviewed and improved by the filmmaker. /> <br /> The movie that seems to have blood is based on this paradigm, because while based on a novel written during the turn of the century, oil! It feels relevant because things such as the Iraq War and related energy. The country of origin of this film, the United States is facing. Even King Kong from the original film benefited from the use of new technology and concerns about animal rights that people have <br /> <br /> From the above, I just don't understand why they want to create. This film? In addition to the excellent performances guaranteed, Oscar Hod nodded and the director / writer fees and royalties of Shanley that he would receive It should be just playing. This movie (Which is like a drama) says that there is nothing new about nasty sexual abuse and in many cases covered by the Catholic Church here and abroad It says nothing new or different from the original play. I can't help comparing this movie to other movies at the same time: Frost / Nixon, which is based on Frost / Nixon, while Nixon's regrets seem to be relevant. Because it seems to come at a time when President Bush is about to leave the office The regret that Nixon has, as shown in the drama / film about war and his presidency, can be easily reflected on Bush and his presidency in the sense that Frost / Nixon looks more relevant and possible. Benefiting from the broader distribution of movies because it makes people talk and reflects the political status that is currently in the country in the G Doubt it feels like yesterday's news, and do not seem to offer nothing but the drama did not offer /> <br /> Of course, the film <br this "good" performances are outstanding. The adaptation of the screenplay is a wise thing, but what? Why doesn't it play like that? Why other than marketing and financial reasons make it a movie? It makes the audience nothing new to say about the scary story.
