The Oscar season has arrived. This means killing the movie that is created and attracting the power of the cinema around the cinema, hoping to get the audience and have the opportunity to receive the Best Picture among the big shows among them. Is a film that is based on popular and famous plays The original playwright is a writer and filmmaker adapted; Which comes as a double-edged sword On the other side, who is better than translating plays rather than original writers? On the other hand, who is better not to see mistakes and disadvantages of playing and fixing them more than the original author himself? Doubt, mixing excellent performances and tension and a lot of suspense; With a disappointing conclusion, unnecessary dialogue, suspicious governance, and of course the inability to provide significant answers Is an increasing trend among movies "Highly talented" that will not answer all the questions that have and will have to stop. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that it is a joke that doesn't have a punch line like a book with. The last 20 missing pages, such as losing a reception while watching the fourth quarter of a fiercely competitive football game and no 50 cents to continue playing arcade games and see what will happen next Go Undoubtedly, like the best image previously, the frustration that no country for the old man did not really end; It didn't give us many answers and it wasn't enough for us to find an end. Yes, that's the intention. But this is not a test of humanity. It is the solution. I didn't pay to see unfinished work. I paid to see the beginning, middle and end, and prayed that I wouldn't fall asleep during these three actions. We are forced to become the "writer" of the movie by filling the words in the space for ourselves in what had happened before and what would happen to the characters we saw screaming together. > <br /> Nun (Meryl Streep), who seems sure that the beloved priest (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is moving towards a sexual relationship with the children who go to church. The first African-American boy in the Catholic Church. The church lacks the secret that he actually sinned in the back of everyone. The storyline was thicker when some children began to behave differently, which attracted the attention of young teachers. (Amy Adams) This happened after the assassination of John F. Kennedy, who shook the country for a while and questioned faith in humanity and each other. <br /> <br /> The strength of the question comes from the performance of the band and As well as the suspicions that had been created slowly and without trouble Streep seems to have an Academy Award for all the roles she attended and here she is no different from her violent and cold behavior, causing all students to be scared and have staff in the church. Hoffman became even more talented as a priest by succeeding in creating suspicions with a charming personality and friendly aura. The cunning personality that seems to pull out is difficult, especially when we should like him and ponder about him at the same time. But Hoffman stepped up to the plate with one of the best female actors of our generation and delivered amazingly. When both quarreled, you will hear the fireworks bursting without ever seeing anyone launch, but don't forget Amy Adams (Enchanted) and Viola Davis (Law ad Order) for their great work as well. The Doubt actors are the best in 2008. <br /> <br /> But as I said, it was written and directed the ruins of this movie, especially when the third scene was reduced. Questions appear But they didn't get an answer Character appears But there is no real improvement for the plot. Children have different behaviors. But we never know why There are awkward angles of camera work and no real reason. Playwright John Patrick Shanley has one previous film in the film directed: Joe Versus the Volcano, whether it's arrogance or stupidity. Stuck to seeing, talking too randomly, babbling annoying until endless (There is a two-minute conversation about coffee. /> <br /> Bottom Line: The lack of an end is an annoying stupid trend when the camera is in action movies. It doesn't matter whether we have great talented actors or good movies or good stories that work well or use good sound and music. Because we have questions that are not answered in a movie that takes more than 100 minutes, but it's not over yet! The translation from playing as a movie is quite good and precisely because we have the original madman behind the project. But he made mistakes and hiccups from playing to movies as well This decade has seen the share of blockbuster and high-level movies that may get a higher score from me if they recently decided to add a few more videos and end true: Sideways, Cast Away, No Country For Old Men , Burn After Reading is a small example. <br /> <br /> Newsflash: Please finish your stinkin movie, or at least give you a good clue so that we can fill in the space easily (such as Wall-E's backstories ) Instead of staring into space From the credit, start rolling and you will feel empty, confused And mental anguish Have a beginning, middle and end, please !! As a critic, I want my movies to be completely incomplete. There is no doubt that it feels incomplete, which is the reason why it is a grade that is incompetent. <br /> <br /> Some people have to break this stupid trend.
