The villain in Space Kol (Ross Hagen) is sentenced to death and awaits execution on a spacecraft designed for that purpose. But tonight there will be a breakout and Kol fled on the escape pod that was conveniently placed and flew to the world. There, he confronted a group of "teenagers" (who were thirty years old) and a game guard (John Phillips Law) who helped protect him from the worst nightmares. His ... Bounty hunter and robot operator Alienator <br /> <br /> From the cover of the box I'm sure it will be a scary movie. But scary as it is, it's very fun as well (At least it should be because I watched it with a very scary person) Director (Fred Olen Ray), who specializes in creating a movie below a hundred. (The most prominent "Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers") do what he does best and throw the storyline with only half. Bonus effects: PJ Soles appears (as "Tara"). Obviously it is the lowest point. In her career <br /> <br /> Of course, there's a plot hole. Why is there a homeless person in California? (Allegedly, Los Angeles County, if I understand the guards correctly) What happened to the tastes of women in space? Why is there a subplot about the ship captain trying to win her heart like this when there is nowhere? What the heck is "Quadrant 5"? How do chickens create an electromagnetic field that will cause the robot to short-circuit? Why Kol looks like a Native American football player with emphysema. And Lund (Robert Clarke) ... Does his character have a point? Does the game he plays with the captain have a point? Does this movie have issues? But the greatest mystery is the android (or gynoid) Alienator played by Teagan Clive. What is "Alienator"? Why does it look like Daryl Hannah from "Blade Runner" only bigger? Because if it is a robot, it is part of the human, but if it is an android, it is all This is an Android, so there is no reason to make it look human. It may seem anything. However, the person who designed her gave her the size of a linebacker with David Bowie's hair and a tight dress that showed me a little too. If you're going to create a woman robot, will the purpose not give her temptations and tempt the enemy? The mission was not successful. They say that beauty comes in all forms and sizes. But I think I find that there are many exceptions. <br /> <br /> If the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" is still around today <br /> <br /> Apart from the nasty Alienator (sorry Teagan, the female weightlifter has a total cost), this movie is also available. There may not be many stories and the characters may not be very interesting. And maybe the scene of deer is incredibly cute without a reason - what is the killer robot used for deer? But overall I really like this movie. I won't think too much with my friends or run to my local video store to get the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is full of amazing features - not) but I think watching this movie takes time. Well and hope to have a similar adventure in the future
