Made one year ago, ILSA, SHE-WOLF of SS, BLACKSNAKE may easily be called SUSAN, SHE-WOLF of the PLANTATION and it may be an inspiration to the embarrassing Nazi sex film producer. The same: a beautiful blonde woman with horns, a head (but stupid) that has deteriorated and killed many people under her control, which everyone hates her and wants her to die. Sound familiar? Director Russ Mayer and David Friedman, the producer of the Kelley ILSA, were good friends and they started their career together. Obviously there was a connection there. When looking at BLACKSNAKE, I couldn't help thinking of Russ Meyer wanting to move forward and do other things than his typical female epic, because XXX movies were angry in In the mid-1970s and the Russ Meyer movie, but full of nudity and Kink and violence are never close to real pornography. His films began to look strangely positive, next to DEEP THROAT and other pornographic films. Meyer knew he couldn't compete with this movie and BLACKSNAKE was the end result of career uncertainty. his Obviously he wanted to break out in a different land, but BLACKSNAKE bombed at B.O and Meyer quickly returned to create a VIXEN type of film, even though they were not pornography. But they turned out to be more movies than their previous stories. <br /> <br /> It's not strange that BLACKSNAKE is BO. Failure is terrible. Trash-O-Rama Jaws are terrible. It is like working as a slave if you can imagine. The result is vibration. One minute, we are in the land of Meyer in general: rich, playful and ridiculous. In the next minute, serious meditation about slavery and violence? It does not work. The characteristics of slavery / racism are very wrong and make this film in the category of exploitation. But BLACKSNAKE is not lazy like ILSA SHE WOLF OF THE SS and those movies. So I imagine that The fans in the later episodes were disappointed with this story, which explains the lack of interest in this film from fans who use it or Russ Mayer. The failure of BLACKSNAKE because and I say "It doesn't have enough breasts in it." I'm sorry. Russ, but this movie is bad, breast or chest. But he was right about the low breast quota, except Anouska and the film actress's maid Meyer replaced his normal baby with a group of hunters with large pecs in the form of an anonymous black actor playing as a slave and the great David Vader. And with Anouska's right hand, who shows that he is a brutal gay But clever to enjoy the power that he has over human beings, we can wonder if Meyer is trying to create here. <br /> <br /> BLACKSNAKE star David Warbeck, whom Anouska and her right-hand man desires David is poor He was totally confused by the whole experience. He seems to have fun creating movies. But you can clearly see that sometimes he doesn't know what has happened. There is Anouska Hempel. She is a beautiful woman ... for the 1970s, not 1870s. With her makeup and hairstyle, she looks like an English girl. Brit in the 70s more than the era of the century And her wardrobe is hilarious Once she unzipped her leather boots! I don't know if they have a zipper in those days. But the character she plays is really embarrassing. (Not intended to play) She has nothing but the center of sexual desire and disgust of everyone. (And the woman) on the island. For example, one night when David and Anaska came in, her annoying slave driver came into the room and knocked David unconscious and tried to rape her. ruthlessly The next day, the slave driver continued to work for Anouska and both acted as if nothing had happened. It's really funny. In any case, if her character is a real person, Anouska will make the slave driver unconscious and kick the butt from the island. Or even kill him But the fact that the woman kept him on her farm after he tried to rape, she was stretching the subtle story and the confidence of the character as much as possible. This ridiculous detail like BLACKSNAKE. But strange, can watch in various trains I can't help but watch the most ridiculous movie. (Great movies make it easy to watch) So this is a movie about exploitation. I think it's successful in doing what it should do, but BLACKSNAKE is mostly for Russ Mayer.
