I have watched this episode of the program and found that some of its elements are quite interesting considering the medical facts that can be learned. But this is a bad thing and is destroyed by the endless relationship of the characters in the list. Everyone seems to be sleeping with everyone, even during working hours, which is ridiculously unrealistic. There seems to be no long-lasting marriage or relationship in all performances - everyone collapses and sneaks - hardly a true reflection of all Americans. In fact, there is a lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and is truly a surprise. <br /> <br /> Then we will be presented with a little 'moral' crisis. And they are generally corrected That does not agree with the corrupt management and employees of private practice For example, one of the latest episodes that we presented with the extremely rare situation of infants born with unpredictable sex and Addison refused to perform the surgery for sure because we should let the baby decide his gender. Later, everyone who does not agree with this will be seen as immature and stupid. <br /> <br /> And I think anyone who does not agree with abortion will be cloudy. Working with Addison, commenting that no one is allowed to have an opinion about the problem and that there is only one black character who has received dignity in opposition to Moral abortion The general feeling is that if you do not agree with abortion, you are not a popular person in the United States. Two main characters in an indifferent performance say that they are aborted when they are younger and do not have an apology or regret, despite the fact that research shows that women can experience severe depression. There was another girl coming to the clinic for abortion and thanking the staff that went out and someone talked about how they helped this young person and it was like the delightful thing that this script was written by. Planned Parenthood <br /> <br /> All of this is a cheap list that lacks a lot of future, unless it is decided to present a true relationship rather than just the relationship between opera theaters. Convincing and the medical situation shows all
