The Choke started as a rock band known as The Choke. Be prepared for a live performance at a nightclub called 'Club 905', owned and operated by Guy Johnson (Andrew Parker), lead singer Dylan (Sean Cook) and guitarist Mike (Jason McKee) plan to tell other band members, bass players London (Brooke Bailey) and drummer Nancy (Tom Olson) that they both go solo and their services will not. Is no longer necessary Once Dylan prepared the club But Mike didn't appear and the gig became a disaster. Then, when the band thought that things would not be worse than this, they found the body in the basement. All the doors were locked so that they could not go out and they could not trust anyone when the mysterious killer began to pick up. <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Juan A. Mas The Choke is a standard teen slasher by a number that has nothing actually happened. The script by Jessica Dolan & Susannah Lowber (not too many horror movies out there, women write ...) There are Surprisingly good in that & some conversations But while it is better to shoot modern pictures in horror movies In that sense, it is slow and boring, so even some interesting characters can't get close to helping it. As expected, the use of all common teenage clichés from isolated places where the victim was unable to escape. The actors of good-looking teenagers who had separated were a few murders, such as Scream (1996 ) And surprising, but did not make sense of the whole thing when you thought there was a reason (They don't do what they should be) and make matters worse. I guess who? The killer is quite fast and although I don't want to show off that Then there is the fact that the creator of The Choke feels that the audience will be entertained by an endless show. (Looks good, endless while watching) The scene of a teenager walking around the dark corridor that doesn't do anything, especially I'm sorry. This kind of scene that I can do before it gets boring The number of killings is low. At first, they all decide to gather. (Good idea) but then they decided randomly to separate and go out their way (Bad thoughts when there are murderers in the space) The killing scene doesn't look surprising & above all, the ending is not good. <br /> <br /> Mas director is okay. The movie looks good for the part. Large, even if there are strange opportunities that he uses annoying posts. Production correction techniques such as slow motion or skipping frames The blood level was not really scratched, with blood splashing. Some people with holes in his chest, some dead bodies & some were plugged on some metal poles. Most killings occur outside the screen by killing an ax. At the end, a good example of a movie that doesn't show anything. Since this film about the rock band, there is a soundtrack that focuses on rock music along with the truly awesome rock songs used with it. I'm sorry, rock fans, but in my ears This shit is just noise pollution. It's not scary. No real atmosphere & lack of blood. & Blood is forgiven. When the rest of the film is terrible, <br /> <br /> With a budget that should be around $ 1,000,000, The Choke is doing well enough. Its production value is insulting to ensure But not cheap like a horror movie with a very low budget Shot in a place called Spokane in Washington clearly. The performance is one of the greatest strengths of the film because in general it is quite good in every round. I mean, no one wins an Oscar. But it's not half bad. <br /> <br /> Choke is a daily routine. Screaming teen style screaming with one of the weakest endings ever & lack of blood, blood, violence, nudity and funeral. I mean, if the attacker doesn't have sex or is bleeding, what is the point? These are the only things that the average slasher looks like, right?
