"Service Provider" tracks the exploits of two men and two men in a stolen Mercedes with the word warrior on a hat covering the road on the highway to go to the beach with a surfboard attached to the top of the car. (Chris Pine of "Star Trek") is driving and Bobby's girlfriend. (Piper Perabo of "The Ugly Coyote") has a shotgun while Brian Danny's brother (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his girlfriend, Fan-Kate (Emily VanCamp from "The Ring 2") possesses the back seat. The four characters of this twenty-second thing are living in a nightmare. Clearly, the outbreak of the virus, co-director and co-starring Alex Pastor and David Pastor, tells us not about anything - destroying America. Naturally, the lack of an exhibition for at least fifteen minutes will slow down this insulting condemnation of how humans worsen during the crisis and become their worst enemy. <br /> < br /> This deadly virus is shingles. Then you bleed and died. Everyone runs around, wearing a white mask that noses the nose and mouth with a rubber band. Initially, this four people met the desperate father Frank (Christopher Meloni of "Escape the Bride") and his cute little daughter Jody (Kiernan Shipka's "Land of Defeat") blocked. Highway with SUV. Brian turns around Frank when he tries to attack them. But in the process of oil pan in Mercedes cracked and they walked They reluctantly sat with Frank after sealing Jodie on the back of the SUV. She wears a mask, covering her nose and mouth and bloody. Frank heard that the doctor was treating the sick at the hospital and they headed Sadly, there is a lie. Frank The hospital doctor is giving Kool-Aid's last two children to lead them out of adversity. Treatment does not improve their condition. Everyone in that city is dead. Kate tried unsuccessfully to receive phone signals on all phones. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter, and that he allows four heroes to drive his SUV and take off. <br /> <br /> Of course, "service providers" qualify as movies. Relentlessly depressed about the impact of the epidemic The sympathetic person who is degraded is a murderer to protect himself. They reached the country club and enjoyed the golf course until the other four appeared in suits and masks with an action pump shotgun. Incredible, our protagonist tried to escape without being shot. But Brian is afraid when he almost falls into the water with the dead bodies. Eventually they found that one of them was infected. Later, when they were almost exhausted, Bryan gas blocked the highway as Frank did at the beginning. Danny tries to stop an older Christian woman driving. Danny lied that his wife was pregnant and he needed help. Brian threw caution to the wind and blasted their automatic pistols when they refused to help them. Brian caught a bullet in the leg from the passenger, but he killed her. <br /> <br /> Not "service provider", not a movie, beer and pizza that you can laugh or laugh with because humor doesn't really exist. At the end of this film that takes 84 minutes, our hero has become a villain who is interested only for himself and their fate. Chris Pine made a great impression when Bryan loved fun and his energetic performance was the only reason that hanged him with this famous actress, while Piper Perabo, another famous actress. As Bobby, she made a terrible tragedy in expressing sympathy for the dying young girl and costing a lot. It is a testament to Pine's work that he can change his character to the point of placing himself in front of others. Essentially, Pine has the only role that allows him to pull one out of eight people who are happy with the lucky ones. <br /> <br /> Both directors are Spanish brothers and they never release. Give the momentum flag Because there is no relief in seeing "Service provider" sank into forecasts Is a dynamic movie In addition to lacking happiness or closing in terms of any words, "service providers" suffer because they are horribly insulting. The scene when the German shepherds attacked Danny caused great suspicion. But still being improved Unfortunately, the pastor brothers are not afraid of tension or doubt. You don't care what happens to anyone.
