In the late 1970s, animation creator Don Bluth was disappointed with his work at the Disney company, frustrated by Mouse House, to create his own studio. His first production, THE SECRET OF NIMH, is a great feature that is still well preserved until today, followed by American TAIL and THE LAND before time, both of which were made under Steven Spielberg's participation and success. Commercial Although there are no two films that attract the attention of adults in NIMH, they are still charming and fun for children and adults. But soon Don Bluth had his first misunderstanding with every dog ​​to heaven. Critics are particularly violent in this film and the stories that are not helped by the fact that it's opened with Disney's THE LITTLE MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Considering that this movie has The name that sounds friendly to DOGS goes to heaven for a delightful family fare. Bluth instead is surprising about gambling, fraud, crime, misconduct and The dental It is not a problem for the animation feature to speak. But there will be a question of whether this movie is for children or not On the other hand, it is difficult to tell whether adults will enjoy everything in DOGS to heaven. In the short term, it is a film that has an important identity crisis. <br /> <br /> Set in the boring dumps of New Orleans. The movie begins when Charlie B. Barkin, a babysitter. Rough and turbulent German sheep With courtesy of his former casino gambling partner, Offensive Pitbull Carb, and smoking a cigar Before you know, Charlie finds himself in heaven, though by default. There is a small angel. Annabelle tells him that "Every dog ​​goes to heaven because unlike ordinary people, dogs are always honest and kind." This line shows the confusing nature of the movie, since the dogs in the film about the bullets are presented as nothing but <br /> when Realizing that he had been killed, Charlie stole his way back to Earth and Converted to get to Carface with the reluctant help of a friend, Dachshun Itchy. Charlie "saved the life" of Carrie Ann Marie's award, a human woman who can talk to animals. (To predict who will be the winner of the competition.) Charlie says that he will help the cute little girl find the family, but in reality he uses her skills to overcome the fate of the competition for him. Will create a more elaborate casino to bring Carface down, even if he refuses to accept it But Charlie loves Ann Marie more. <br /> <br /> The concept of the matter is not the same as the execution. In addition to Anne Marie, a young woman and a colorful musician who appeared about three-fourths. (With Ken Page's voice) There are no other characters that appear to be favorite or straightforward. Unfortunately, it also applies to Charlie. In trying to make him resist the script hero (Consisting of more than ten writers) succeeded in creating characters that are not too cute For this reason, the audience did not feel Charlie's sympathy and, worse, his redemption at the end of this movie was unbelievable (More damage to the character is Bert Reynolds's auspicious voice) disappointing) In addition to the lack of a beloved introduction, other problems of the movie are In the structure of the story The plot has a slow walk, jumping around the place and causing the habit of filming a special scene that doesn't have a purpose. But in order to smooth your movie screen Musicians such musicians (Living in a dirty drain filled with native rats) seems to have been thrown from another place, just like the scene where Charlie tries to show his generosity to Ann Marie All screenplays give a feeling like the first draft. A little more scrubbing might make this story more tight and more impactful. <br /> <br /> The story doesn't get help from the lackluster musical numbers of Charlie Strouse and TJ Kuenster (AnneMarie's songs and ballads Gator is the only good song. This song has benefited from Ken Page's beautiful vocals. As already mentioned, the lifeless Charlie of Bert Reynolds is more solid and impersonal, away from his unique character. (The only exception is the severe confession to Itchy Dom DeLuise because Itchy is quite good, but he has a better role, especially Tiger in American TAIL and Jeremy in SECRET OF NIMH Ken Page. Everything he does But his character has a small part that his overall support is not the best to look at The same wasted thing is Loni Anderson (as Colly, who had mated with Charlie), Melba Moore and Charles Nelson Reilly Judith Barsi. As AnneMarie seems to be the only one that is truly memorable because some of the characters Her drama is a legitimate song. Sole in a depressing and unhappy show. <br /> Barsi DOGS GO TO HEAVEN is an animation Technically, this movie has the most imaginative images from Bluth's team (according to the 1980s standard), especially the scary scenes that Charlie had a nightmare about the end of the fiery hell ruled by Satan the beast. Giant demon If anything, this movie is a more successful animation than storytelling. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can't recommend every dog ​​to heaven as well as good entertainment. Although I can recognize that this film has fans and climax, it gives an impressive energy and conclusion. But the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's better efforts. The animators will be surprised by the lush art. But by the time every dog ​​that goes to heaven will leave a bad taste in your mouth as well.
