I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I still think about this for a long time and are seven minutes after the credit has run out. What makes my neurons really confusing is the effort to understand the relevance of the plot of the little girl who likes to smooth her slippery body, making it special by filming cheap videos. This happened three times and I am confident that it will be explained in the end. I trust the filmmakers that the temptation that the audience is trying to prove is not. <br /> <br /> The movie must be the most indifferent I have ever encountered in this genre. The scene looks like a cross between the 1970s Dr. Who and the bad idea of ​​someone in the living room painted with a sponge. Light is a strange thing. (If your dress is not good, at least they shoot in the darkness to hide the gypsum and create an atmosphere) from the four kidnapped young women that are particularly vulnerable. But none of them will get personality The alien plan for world domination is completely ridiculous. What they want is birth control pills and their problems. Most movies consist of people running down the aisle. Yes, it's really exciting. Special effect "Ray Gun" is ... curious to say the least. (What used to be a bomb weapon, 15 seconds concentration to kill The script is like a bad episode of The A-Team and the hairstyle of women comes from the same era, so they seem like the teachers in the school instead of the invading team of foreign invaders. Finally, when we see what the aliens look like, they are in suspended animation and never go out of the box. The resolution of the story - a traitorable alien, with only a few words to the commander of the fleeing fleet, and without the second thought he headed home - is a symbol of a writer who never had a more complex idea Saturday morning cartoon People who do not have an action or style plot) in their lives. <br /> <br /> But seriously, what is with the chicks? Is it just so they can adjust the texture on the DVD cover to increase sales?
