Noel Coward is a witty and interpersonal friend with Louis Mountbatten. Coward, who admires everything the Navy has been assigned to write stories loosely based on the loss of Mountbatten's ship in England in particular. Thinking that the movie about the navy that lost the encounter in the sea would be a good propaganda. In addition, it is a good idea to have Mr Coward play as part of the captain of the ship to show the qualities needed to control the ship. Speaking with a beautiful voice and singing a complex "point" is not very high on the program at the Admiralty House or at least hope that the captain must receive and maintain the respect of the ward and ground floor as well. Cowardly may be respected by the gentleman of the singer at Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont. Scary, but he cannot tame and control the crew of the ship at war. The bridge, which has other patrons and barking orders that the authorities just need, silk robes and cigarette holders, seem to be at home, mostly made of "warships, a small microcosm of the British society" and the crew mostly consists of pheasant. Happy, normal, superhuman and others, without any war that can fight. They spend most of their time smoking cigarettes. About Lord Haw Haw There is nothing more that they came from when they landed directly into the pub where they spent most of their time smoking cigarettes lamenting the Lord Haw Haw and blown in fear. Mr Coward lived in Dream cottage with roses Close some of the doors that are very quiet, with very little chance of being blown by them. His wife and their cheek cheek both talk with a laughing laugh. Knitting for the unlucky person Which she refers to by their good surname. Johnny Mills plays an outstanding role as a completely unbelievable deck type that worshiped Mr Coward in the same way as a dog that was hunted to worship He is married to his girlfriend. On the cheek, presumably she may be pregnant after an unprecedented passion Yes, we have a small world of English society here. But may not be in the way that the creator In the end, Mr Coward got the last chance to help his people while a few survivors walked through him. "Goodbye Edwards. It's a privilege to sail with you." Declare that as if he were surfing May be a feature of David Lean that was launched, but the hands of Noel Coward are very large. In this picture, he is a funny and clever person who is suitable to write plays about a little rich girl. He has the ability to create fun, no doubt. But he could not write or speak a reliable conversation The cowardice choir is a full time job. He doesn't have time to be a real person.
