Seguil B. DeMille, who destroyed the inmates' tears in prison in 1922, found that Leatrice Joy, a lovely, young woman with a good heart But deteriorated with more money than she knew what to do Her negligence led to imprisonment which led to her revival. Thomas Meighan was a crusader district lawyer who had made a personal crusade to bring goodness and goodness to Lydia (Joy ) But he was poisoned by alcohol and when she was released it was up to you to help him! > <br /> If the plot doesn't sound too bad, you will get an embarrassing presentation. The quality of the direction of deMille is very low and he does not show any special abilities that are unique to him. Photography is standard and flat, and the editing is almost unchanged. One can easily be classified as a fashion show and be pretty. DeMille dress Miss Joy in a variety of clothing types. (Evening dress, golf suit, costume, fur coat) that the description may be 'Fashion of the Year 1922' <br /> <br /> One more disappointing thing Than shooting or editing or direction is a show which is mostly flat and woody When it is not so, it is only a quiet gesture rolling the ball, eyeball, eyebrows, eyebrows and movements pointing and arms intentionally. Things that will make the modern audience liven up by the extortion and the chilling scenes of the worst silent movies are here to see. The only member of the successful actor in the form of excellence is Lois Wilson, not only beautiful. But still able to play her role naturally She is persuasive and beloved with torn close-ups as long as you don't read the moral name that followed when she opened her mouth. As I say, everyone else is a daily routine. Joy, Meighan or even Julia Faye. Her performance here is a good reason why she never received a real star. <br /> <br /> The bad part. The greatest and most amusing of this movie is the sound that has a heavy morality. Meighan's character has many narratives that show him how America's youth has fallen in a moral manner and back to the era. With shabby Rome (Entering ridiculous past stories) This film has been described as a story about Victorian morality. But it's more than that It really exists in the fact that I have a feeling that the audience at that time does not take much more seriously than the modern audience can do. <br /> <br /> This movie is something that people don't know often. are General silent movies with ancient moral structures, wooden performances and bad directions Demil shows that he can be a terrible director without having to punctuate the camera or have the ability to manipulate scripts or actors. I can't imagine anyone in the right mind. Boring, slow and stupid. I recommend to dorks, movies, quiet, not as simple as myself.
