Tyrannosaurus Azteca, located in the sixteenth century, famous Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico with six of the best men, including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez). Right in the name of the Spanish Steal some gold as well if there is an opportunity. Within a few minutes they first saw the Aztec savage. Within a few minutes after that, Cortes and his men were taken prisoner. If that's not bad enough, it appears that there is Two Tyrannosaurus Rex live there & like to eat local people to try to overcome their lives. Spain's proposal to help villagers get rid of monster problems But there are many hidden agendas & hidden motives, not just dinosaurs that they have to watch out for ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith (The one who accidentally made one of my favorite movies in the Turkish Shoot (1982) adventure, which I introduced to everyone & all) and more commonly known under the name of the Aztec Rex audio spoof (the name was changed By Sci-Fi Channel, when they broadcast, may be the same name Tyrannosaurus Azteca sounds like it may be This is another interesting and interesting channel for Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Feature' and that's all you need to know. From the Spanish occupation of Conquistador Cortes while he traveled to Mexico, this film was not committed to historical accuracy, although I admit that the story is trying to do a slightly different thing here. But ultimately Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still with a group of people working from poor CGI computer graphics of the monster, despite the time setting. Not sure if I could say anything, even if it had been set up hundreds of years ago. There are normal, repetitive words here. Their characters are general, weird cardboard, stupid decisions and brave self-proclaimers. To eat and beautiful women are here & easy to observe This movie is predictable, stupid, stupid, and not entertaining at all levels, even though it moves to the right pace and has a good enough time to show interest in what you care about. The story is not good and there are many holes as well. This is a type of movie that you will forget completely within a couple of days. <br /> <br /> Now I have seen and commented on a lot of things. Sci-Fi Channel 'Creature Features' and usually CGI effects are terrible and while Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not match the tendency that I will accept that there are a few shock effects that look okay. But in general Shot straight after that There is a proper Gore effect here as well. There is a heart cut off. The legs of men are bitten by blood splashing of men who leave their intestines after they are attacked by a few dinosaurs. The corpse was seen and the person stabbed by the T-Rex spear also ate a few people as well. The production cost is very cheap. The Aztec set looks like one of the theme parks made from Styrofoam and those Spanish men must be confined to the worst cage in film history, along with fences that are expected to be lower than the human waist. Can step out from here and run away. It is very low. <br /> <br /> With a budget that should be around $ 900,000, I can't see where the money goes. Shoot at O'ahu in Hawaii. In fifteen days, the performances were not as great as I had heard. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca is no better than other Sci-Fi channels that are 'Creature Feature', even though it's interesting. And strange locations, basic commands should be enough for you Users can decide whether you enjoy it or not. (The guess may not be)
