EPSILON, a.k.a. ALIEN VISITOR is not what I expected This is an economical Australian movie that doesn't have any special effects other than movies that accelerate and cut scenes quickly. Foreign woman (Those who can speak perfectly Australian accents) can "erase" from one place to another, or many times, and change her perception of the flow of time in order to match "faster" humans. <Br /> <br /> The elderly grandmother told her two granddaughters about the story that a homeless man told her 40 years ago when "her" without a name came to an empty planet and was completely confused. Car Classified any star in the sky ... where she came from, she found one man camping in the outback of Australia, which left him confused. She is here too. "Fault" and anger when people say that she is on Earth. Earthlings are well known as destroyers of the environment and are a metaphor for what is most insulting in the universe: those who "breathe foul" but don't do it. Anything that stuck his head under the ground like an ostrich In another comical metaphor, Earthlings are "frogs". <br /> <br /> From there, it's a movie about all the dialogue while the confused man tries to understand her psychology and strange perspective. Even when she called him unwise and "strange", the man began to realize that he could be an irrational human being and didn't think straightforwardly. Still, while waiting to "hold" back home, she saw that this man was not entirely wrong in his thoughts and even fell in love with him. <br /> <br /> The conversation about the point of view interesting But it is a class full of heavy environmental messages and a low budget feeling (Only two main actors show different abandoned scenes and evil humans in this world have never seen it.) Environmental messages have no solution. But draw only one or two scary metaphors about what will happen to nature and humans if things are not done The logic is not yet together: the rest of the universe has "surrendered" on Earth, but one space woman who was accidentally captured on Earth was able to make a positive change in the film. How are the alien battalions sent here to deal with pollution and waste?
