This is one of the movies that the British lottery funds lose money. The main problem is the travel script that is nowhere. The characters are not interesting, the story is normal and not interesting, the only thing that is interesting is the location: Genoa (Genoa in Italian) only has a close friendship with Genoa, I do not know the complex alleys of The old town and this city are very interesting. I think Genoa is boring. I am happy to say that I have been proven wrong. Therefore, from the point of view of travel books, this film is of interest. This film has one great performance by a little girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has created seven movies, even though she is only 12 years old. She decided to pursue an acting career and judged from her performance in this film. She should go a long way because she is a very ordinary and talented person. Is a reliable and professional actor ready to shoot and when asked to be serious, he is serious and when asked to be hurt he feels pain But some people forget to give him a worthwhile conversation The script is all chaos. Catherine Kinner works exceptionally well in her supportive role and sympathetic expressions to nature for everyone to have her. (I want to tell you every time I feel cold because I know you will pick me up. Hot drinks) So we have: narrow alleys that are interesting to Genoa, interesting little girls and sympathetic women. Forget the rest The sister, played by Willa Holland, is a disgusting character that the fact that a young actress works well as an exorcist is not the type of performance she wants to hear. The idea that this family went out to Genoa to forget the death of a mother that was unlucky was so drastic that if we had another movie like that, all the dead mother had the right to complain. If Michael Winterbottom wants to create an interesting film about Genoa's old age, why doesn't he go to the BBC and say he wants to make a movie about a famous presenter? Why waste money on a documentary film that is nothing but a project of vainness of emptiness and deviousness?
