I noticed for many years that when Rockstar made his last album before he died, that album, if it wasn't his best, would always be rich in some way and should listen at least. Usually the album is good enough to make it a legacy. However, when talking about comedians, especially the mainstream comics that starred in their own vehicles, their final film is often scary of God. John Belushi has "Neighbors", John Candy has "Wagon's East", Chris Farley has "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman has "Small Soldiers" and Rodney Dangerfield has this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" Although it may not be Dangerfield's last film, it is weak in every sense. Angle of the word It encapsulated the filming in 2002 on this website and it's safe to say that it will be on the shelves if Dangerfield is still alive. I am a big fan of Dangerfield since I was a teenager and it made me see how bad this movie is. <br /> <br /> The thing that surprised me the most was the talented people. Participate in a film with very weak evidence to start with Dangerfield, a great comedian who often plays cartoons in the film, who is the prisoner who is the home of the group Imprison When the Colonel-Tom-Parker-Met-Sam-Walton prison owner, billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid) cuts off the funds for the prison, the jailer sends a group of inmates to separate. Out of jail Of consumers and divided back into prison with robbery By using what is in the convenience store, they are (I guess) that they believe Rockwood owes them. <br /> <br /> With this insecure evidence Moreover, the jokes that you think will be the salvation of this movie are not close to comedy, not even from Mr. No Respect himself. That is also very frustrating because you expect The movie that was nominated for an Oscar (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr., Yeardley Smith and others. Instead, Quaid plays the character we used to be. Seen in countless other comedies Otl played as an English heir with a terrible English accent. (This movie can't really pay to the British people!?!) And all jokes Timed by all members of this series It's not a good joke in terms of any vocabulary. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight" is rated R primarily for the language. (And the nudity scene) The irony in this story is that many jokes that make viewers scorn that even children (if you edit the language) will walk out of this movie. The physical gags are incredibly predictable, especially when Alley's pet monkey tortures Quaid's character. When the monkey grabbed the scissors and jumped on Quaid's couch, who wouldn't know where the gags would go? <br /> <br /> Being a comedian directly into the video, of course I didn't expect anything. Oscar-winning materials here However, the truth is that Dangerfield used to create great and timeless comedies before "Easy Money" and "Back To School" are still hilarious and of course not Oscar, with little value. However, there is a difference between making dumb movies that are funny and making funny jokes. With the latter comedy, it seems that filmmakers won't even try, which is precisely the case of this excuse for 90 minutes, resting in peace. But add this movie to the comedy you have forgotten, such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "The Godson" (1999). This movie, I dare say it's not worth watching.
