I am not sure how to do this to be illegal. 2007 dramedy The attempt to be a hybrid across the new millennium between On Golden Pond and The Prince of Tides. The film ends with an uncertain chaos that has changed with compassion. Therefore, between comedy and melodrama, where the emotional field often appears The main problem seems to be the incompatible difference between Garry Marshall's emotional direction and the darkness of Mark Andrus. This story focuses on the unbroken relationship between Lily's mother and Rachel's daughter, who has been driving all the way from San Francisco to Hull, a small town in Idaho, where the grandmother of Georgia lives. are This idea is for Lilly to leave Rachel in the summer under the jurisdiction of Georgia, which is full of her strict rules since the 17-year-old child has become an irreparable treasure. <br /> < br /> The setting is clear enough, but the characters that were created to change quickly and often could not be explained between sympathy and shrill to fit the shape of the cow. The story planned It distracted through the problems of alcoholism, child abuse and unusual families until he decided to vote. All three actresses at this center have received remarkable comfort. But will vary Maybe because of her reputation outside of her screen and her smoking sound, Lindsay Lohan makes Rachel's acumen and tactics appear clear, even though she is less reliable when her character reveals psychological trauma. Felicity Huffman was forced to play Lilly on two notes - as an angry and angry daughter with a mother who had never approached her and was an angry alcoholic mother. Became aware of her own responsibilities in the heart of her daughter She did what she could with both roles. But her efforts never increased the flesh and blood of humanity. <br /> <br /> Close to seventy Jane Fonda looks good even in the weather - defeated while she is here and there. The appearance of a star that will be given with dimensions like the cartoon of Georgia that is full of stones. The problem I have with Fonda's casting is that the legendary actress deserves more than being a star and stare at her mother. In the meantime, with a nasty monster of 2005, it makes no doubt that her best work is behind her. It is not surprising that the actor's male partner is completely obscured. Garrett Headland looks like a bit of a surfer while Harlan Mormon, a devout devotee who loves Rachel suddenly, can delay his two-year missionary. Cary Elwes plays in a familiar suspicious record. As Lilly's husband, which is an unfortunate event, the casting actors appeared to send telegrams at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> There was also Dermot Mulroney in the brutal role of three bad guys.Widowed the flame of Lily's past and Rachel's new boss as a veterinarian. Simon Ward Laurie Metcall plays the role of Paula, Simon's sister, while Marshall, Hector Elicono and composer Paul Williams, appeared in pendant Some of the conversations of Andrus are terrible and the ever-changing seriotic tone will never fall in the right sense. There are many small specials in the DVD of 2007, not all too exciting. Marshall prepared many humorous reviews of his trademark love. There are many scenes that have been deleted, including three themes in the ending and the gag reel. The seven-minute feature film is included in the original short theater trailer, a short six-minute spotlight for three actors and a five-minute Marshall tribute.
