Revolt of the Zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) that his friend Tsiang (William Crowell) is a priest with hypnotic powers and puts them under Under their control However, Tsiang was killed by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy) but failed to gain the knowledge to turn people into zombies. The survey was set up by Admiral Duwal to hunt for secrets because Xiang would not tell them anymore. General Duval is the leader of the survey, along with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone), who is engaged to Luque, who also comes. During the trip, Claire left Louque to his friend Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) at Louque. Not too pleased. In a way that could happen in the movie, Louque searched for the secret to turning people into zombies by themselves and began using his newly discovered powers to avenge Claire & Clifford .. Co-written and directed by Victor Halperin Revolt Zombies has a bad reputation & after watching, I can see why the script by Halperin, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd all doesn't check the truth, has a good idea But was killed by cold stones by being blunt & exciting as it looked dry Nothing happens for all ages, and then nothing happens after that. Halperin shows that his zombies are different from what most modern audiences think of zombies. These zombies are just the right ones. Brainwashing and viewers who are filming movies will have to wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero determines what zombies are. In the night of the dead (1968), about an hour long, the Revolt of Zombies still felt too long. Technically, this movie is considered okay when considering 70 years ago. Black and white movies are sufficient, although some scenes seem to be shot against the background. The performance is very woody and not very impressive. The Revolt of the Zombies may be a hot topic in 1936, but it is not good enough. I believe that this movie is in the public domain because it appears to collect cheap DVDs and large budget labels. But still not worth it to watch, no matter how cheap you get
