Although the title has the word "zombie", this movie is not as you would expect from a movie created today, but for the year 1936, this concept was conveyed by Dean Jagger as Armand Louque. A soldier in the French Army of World War I, which stumbles upon ancient stories of soldiers, becomes a motor vehicle or "zombie" that cannot be fought and may be the key to victory in the war. Although the side is not sure At first he had problems convincing the boss of this phenomenon. But in the end, General Duval (George Cleveland) ordered the soldiers to travel into the ancient Khmer city of Angkor to find the secrets of the zombies and destroy them. <br /> <br This story plays with the backdrop of love. The triad associated with Duval's daughter Duval Claire (Dorothy Stone) and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), which is part of the entire journey. When Louque does not sympathize with the lack of power and correction, Grayson offers him advice to follow. What he had In life with all his power That suggestion began to change Louque, especially after he succeeded in obtaining a stone-shaped sheet similar to photographs from the ancient city. After following the monks into the lake, Louque seems to have kept the secrets he had sought, although it is unclear whether he can control the power of "zombiefication" immediately. All you have to do is place his right fist on the forehead, simulating the third eye and send his thoughts to the things he wants to control. This is useful in overcoming his girl and receiving advice from Grayson when he talks about his servant, "Buna. We are learning to be ruthless." <br /> <br /> Fans of The horror movie "B" will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi's unique eye-gazing from the film "White Zombie" in 1932 and from director Victor Halperin in both "White Zombie" films. Especially superior in both The subject of the film and the Undead zombies that look scary and frightening than the "Revolt" is a zombie enemy soldiers who look like shiny, responding to the statement of the consultant only. In fact, the actual protest of the name arose only when Louque published the military from his mental statement in respect of his love for Claire; They invaded and killed him in the process. <br /> <br /> In order not to be too violent in this film, it plays well in the parameters of the story outline. But if you think "Zombies !!!" In the traditional context, you may be disappointed. If you want an example of the initial treatment of "White Zombie" and Bela Lugosi, this is the way to go.
