I think Dolph Lundgren has the potential to be a big action movie star like la Schwarzenegger, Stallone and even Van Damme. To some degree, he has a great time in his career. But he couldn't choose well, and this was one of them, even after doing it later in his career The strange thing about Jill The Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or Tied Up) is that I sincerely think that they seriously think that they are seriously excited and provocative? It shows the way they describe on IMDb, in the case of DVD, in comments, and this movie is not serious. When wanting to call a camp, it would be very little to say. This film tries to be complex and intelligent. In fact, it is nothing more than a shallow, confusing and worthless. Moreover, they also made Lundgren, who is known for his action in a serious role, which makes it even more level because his range as an actor is rather limited. All movies revolve around the strange sex world. And are they trying to make a thriller seriously? Just plot and set the location to be the best B-Movie porn movie right away. <br /> <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays the role of a former policeman and makes alcoholic spirits. Leighton Sorensen, who decided to play detective I mean, leaving a lot of loopholes that make Lundgren travel free to check the scene and witnesses and everything else, even though he is no longer a cop and you still have a luster that is worth it. On the strange side, Danielle Brett is Lundgren's last love and his brother's widow. Brett accepted her role, considering the role of the camp and the story. The supporting actors are very large and no one is outstanding in their performances unless they are in a negative way, such as the terrifying performance by Victor Pedtrchenko who seems to go with many different names in the movie. There is a great accent, the villain. <br /> <br /> I tried to go into mystery and movies and watch closely. But there is no reason, because it is the chaos of the plot, nonsense and free sex games, including hilariously ridiculous scenes Lundgren, who was under the cover and frustrated, almost naked To explain how good the film is and how good (satirize ... satire) on the back of the DVD that I picked up (It's really cheap) There is a character of Lundgren identified as "Murray Wilson" (not the name of the character in the movie. While Lundgren looked at himself But this film has to face serious efforts The director considers Anthony Hickock a disgrace for the horror movie B-Movie. It just makes sense, even though I think he is trying hard. Hardcore, Lundgren, fans must see it ... No one should ... Of course, for mystery or suspicion. 3/10
