This is one of the movies that people often say. "That's a great idea!" About the worst thoughts you've heard. Then they acted. I like it. This image is more fun than the 3-dozen Seth Rogen project, which is Shoha. <br /> <br /> Gojira's movies have made a difference to their stories since the 1960s. This film continues. What can you say about a culture that is willing to rape its own sacred cultural icon for a quick buck? This impersonation presented the WW2 suicide brigade in "The Last Island of the Marshall Islands", giving weapons to dinosaurs that chased the United States Marine Corps. Then the Japanese decided inexplicably not to fight with the last man and instead to abandon the land occupied by this giant lizard instead. They retreated to the mainland, one of which became a business entrepreneur. <br /> <br /> Then it would be complicated. <br /> <br /> The blond hair from the future is not that frustrating. Has treated male pattern baldness Go back in time in the form of a flying saucer to ask the failed writer and celebrity psychic for help in eliminating Godzilla before he destroys Japan. "Help" is suspicious because all 1992 citizens do this. Go back in 1944 to watch closed-circuit TV. But hey they shoot the script You would think that in the 90s, Japanese people would know better than trusting people in the spacecraft. Good luck for Nippon, white people - you can tell that they are Americans because they say "Nucleon Eller" - caused by a time back in which a Japanese girl left in the future In showing the touch of ancestral worship, she felt the redundancy of them after wearing a flying suit made from piping tape attached to the Sailor Moon backpack. It turns out that the time travel in the Caucasian fashion is just a jealousy of the advent of the imminent economic imperialism of the world known (in the 22nd century, Japan is about to buy Africa, which sounds more like debt. Assets) These blond hairs in a flannel suit with a tangle-free strap and zippers in red need to replace Godzilla with King Ghidorah, which will destroy Significant Japan except Tokyo Is a strange choice But it is known that Toho had to go out of the way in order not to create the Tokyo skyline again. <br /> <br /> Of course, we have received the Fukuoka alternative phenomenon. ("My Garden City") and others. Previously, the metropolitan area that was not injured by the wounded monster tires was placed by the gold-colored metal flying bin 1/3 of Hydra. Surprisingly, we were informed that King Ghidorah was made from some hand puppets that were left in the microwave for too long. Godzilla also destroyed his share while the film ended. Wait a moment - the blonde spaceship didn't destroy Godzilla? Yes, they killed him on the third wheel. But nobody expected that the Japanese in 1992 had a secret submarine filled with nuclear missiles - "Haha. Don't worry. We don't store it in Japanese waters." - To jump start the new Godzilla from the bones of old dinosaurs. Only they do not have to do because the old nuclear leak ship that has caused Godzilla to come back to work again. Finally, Oh Godzilla arrives in Tokyo, reuniting with an old army friend in a warm and memorable time. They looked into each other's eyes and Godzilla nodded as if to say "Must do it." Entrepreneurs nodded in understanding. Then Godzilla waved to him. <br /> <br /> I should also talk here to prevent myself from getting angry at Godzilla's refinement from following. His fate and destroy Japan For help from - yes - bald white man Probably because he pityed her as the only Asian character from the 23rd century. He agreed to create Mecha-Ghidora And sent it back to the 1990s so that the two giant creatures could unite with Godzilla's goal and destroy Japan In a great nod to those who hit the head, notoriously young women driving Mecha-Ghidora There is a problem controlling the joystick. <br /> <br /> This Godzilla design is a huge debt for Sumo - his thigh is weak for Rush Limbaugh's and his stomach and chest are thick and annoying. But in this picture there is a brick explosion more than most of his adventures, which are made up of a lot. There are also men who are similar to Robert Patrick playing the killer robot. Yes, in the future, robots will have bald spots. Plus Megumi Odaka plays as the only Japanese girl Mickey who was born with an ear that is bigger than the name of Disney and the style of acting that is bigger than that. Not her fault: Many Japanese directors seem to feel that the seventy-foot screen is not large enough to show the emotions of the human face. I show Japanese TV dramas and I can tell you that they push you to do it. Obviously they encourage writers in the same way. thanks to God.
