The location of the Circle of Two is an interesting place. Forbidden love between the sixty-year-old painter Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and the fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); And the question of whether this kind of relationship is accepted by social standards or not However, the Circle of Two problem is not able to fulfill the promise. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should think more about the screenplay. When I watch this movie, I expect to learn new things about love and sex. But I received a boring conversation, a pointless lecture about an off-site art that seemed like Sarah would be more fun than Ashleigh and the closing scenes to invent something that was upset. This script makes good actors look bad. Therefore, we can imagine how the film's problems were combined together with the most talented actors that Jules Dassin composed Tatum O'Neill was not in her composition. I do not believe in the second that Sarah's character loves Ashleigh. Her performance looks superficial as a contestant in a beauty contest. As if she forced herself to be happy when the script wanted her to be happy and sad when the script asked her to be sad The only scene I liked with her at the end was when she didn't say anything. That might be Sarah Norton's closest Tatum that had been true, but Tatum was not the only one who mistaken Richard Burton's lack of charm. Special abilities and complexity in attracting even the women of his own age, only fifteen years old The rest of the character was dismal. Even their arguments were not credible because they waited to take turns. Who did that? Michael Wincott, as a former jealous boyfriend, Paul is probably the best in this movie. But his role is minimal To be fair with Dassin's direction, everyone is disappointed. But it is also true that the movie that is bigger than Kubrick's movie Lolita did that with James Mason and Sue Lyon; Konchalovsky's Train Runaway exceeds the screenplay of Jon Voight and Eric Roberts as prisoner These film directors know how to use music to create their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite having his own score (including Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), Circle of Two never succeeded in doing so. <br /> <br /> In summary, the idea of ​​forbidden love. Between the elders Painter and teenage girl are good people. But the executions in the Circle of Two are terrible in many ways. It's a shame that Lolita's controversial story ?? Which most movie directors for understandable reasons want to avoid ?? Not getting more intelligent treatment; Did not write the script that the actors would be happily rehearsed; Actors who are determined to be part of them or have the ability to make their characters real, not found; And director Jules Dassin (who did much better with movies like Rififi and Topkapi) didn't have to put his feet down and said "Before we were filming, we had to think about the love story and improve the script." The only silver lining is that one day there may be a genius movie about a senior painter and a teenage girl who falls in love one day. Built up If this film ever appeared, it would spark conflict, debate and questions for many years.
