That's a question that you have to ask yourself when you watch this movie. "What is the point?" This film has nothing but confusion, half an hour and a half, with completely disgusting people. (Not using the actors) and the script that you can tell that doesn't exist. <br /> <br /> One thing that makes me laugh the most about this movie is how it says. "The story of Victoria written by" means that it actually has a script for that part of the story. All Victoria categories have no dialogue and contain images of men stared at the girl and vice versa. Make part of this film a script like a camera left at the train station. <br /> <br /> Ok, time for the story. It starts with a man sitting on a chair, never going out of it. Oh, who wants you blog? These people came to his house and asked him to tell stories about these dead girls. So he started the story in Victorian times. And this is how the scene goes (Men and women are in the field of beautiful music, start playing) (Man stared at the girl) (The girl stared at the man) (The man stared at the girl) cut back to watch the movie. That's all happened to the half-story movie. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is an incredibly awkward dialogue about many models that want to buy an apartment. So this real estate agent showed them one, and when I spoke the awkward dialogue, I meant that if it was a dancer, I would travel during the period of Magena. There are no favorite characters in this movie. The model was incredibly annoying, Victoria people didn't talk, and the person who told this story had the personality of the onion sack. Finally, all women were killed. And by killing me means drug outside the screen. You died once? And by death I mean holding her face until they make up blood? Excellent <br /> How does this man know that this has made me dazed? He said it was because he saw it, but how? There were no guys in that apartment! The door is closed, locked without exit. The window is attached to the fire escape staircase that is too bad to work. How does he see all hell? Oh, plan the hole. We love you. So the film is finished with the new Roman people saying "I think you made it up. You're wasting our time." Despite the fact that she begged him to interview at first, whatever the movie was stupid, pointless and irrational with a lot of holes. I can go about this movie But i don't see the need I want to spend more time doing useful things. Like anything that is a mystery, "Hell's Threshold" has a lot more in hell with 2 mute versions from 10
