Watching Floored by Love, one thought occurred almost immediately. "My God, this looks like a really bad sitcom." Of course, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that might start to fall in poor poor Canadian Canada. <br /> <br /> Kara ( Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are lesbian couples in Vancouver. Janet came out to find her mother. But Kara's parents are still in the darkness of their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is going to happen to myself, even when parents come from Malaysia for the wedding of her brother. That same week, British Columbia made gay marriage legal. When Janet wants to get married, Kara must decide whether to tell the conservative Chinese parents whether they are gay or not. She will, she will. Can you? Kara's situation is the opposite of Jessie. (Trent Millard) Jesse recently announced his homosexuality to the world at the age of fourteen. Birth father, Daniel (Andrew McIlroy). His father is coming soon. Norman, his stepfather (Michael Robinson) feared that the chance that he would be fully accepted by Jesse was harmed by the fact that Daniel was gay and he wasn't 1-800-Makeover Can you help me? <br /> <br /> Conversations and deliveries come directly from the list of lesser 1950s, along with excessive physical expression. The full-fledged home theater is enough to make you occasionally startled and most comedy attempts fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky is the only actor who approaches this wrong calculation ability. But because of the materials they have to work with, it is not surprising that no one is impressed. It is possible that the camp is intended. Often there seems to be no way that the actors are really bad. They have to try to imitate the inferior sitcoms of the past. If this is the case, more reviews should be rewritten. The new writing will focus on Floored by Love, an old, inefficient and inefficient sitcom. <br /> <br /> The writer / director Desiree Lim has compiled an unforgettable conversation. There are times when having a homosexual protagonist openly enough to mark the screen. That time was gone Today we want quality as well.
