I watched this movie, expecting to be a movie made with truth. But instead of receiving the least thought of opposition to Christian beliefs For example, in trying to prove that Christianity is inherently violent, the narrator will reference the scriptures without giving context and changing the meaning of the message. Jesus refers to the order of execution for those who do not obey him. In fact, the words come from the parable that Jesus told them. So the narrator makes it seem that Jesus said one thing when he was telling a story that one of his characters was saying. This is an infidelity in a very clear form. Is this what the atheism has for the world? The film also seeks to use the success of Passion of the Christ above Jesus Christ: Superstar and The Last Temptation of the Christ as evidence that Christians are thirsty. He did not mention the fact that Passion is the most accurate Bible movie in history to date. He didn't mention the fact that it was the thing that critics liked the most. Then he corrected the violent image from Passion as if he were smashing his house. Ironically, he did not mention the massacre at the Texas chain saw, which came out a few months later and played violence for entertainment compared to the dramatic effects. More about what he did All the Christians he interviewed have a mean in the parking lot of the New York Crusade of Billy Graham. Those who do not believe in God interview this film as a famous writer and scholar. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began and, of course, they said that it began with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. The right thing (Acts 2). "It's not funny that there are only a few Christians who know the origin of their own beliefs" and continue to explain that the Apostle Paul started Christianity after stopping on the road to Damascus. Seems to believe that Act 9 occurs before bad actions. Or is this just ignorance? He also threw nonsense that Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes the death of Jesus and the resurrection that people witness. (Which Paul named after the path) for the Corinthians to question whether they suspect this or not. "Documentary" is, but since I do not have the time or patience to enter them all, I will cross to the end It was clear throughout the movie that the narrator had a feud against raising in the church. And an important interview is his principle of childhood! In the last attempt to prove Christian's beliefs, the narrator tries to fool people who have been detained since he was a child. This is what is passed as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Of course, there are filmmakers who believe that they do not believe in God, which can create non-nonsense non-nonsense documentaries. 'Fact'
