First, let me say that I do not believe in God. (If you want to use words that do not believe in God But I don't like that word because it explains what I'm not, not what I am), but I hate this "documentary." The production cost is close to that that doesn't really exist. Will be an exercise in the insecurity of Brian Flemming. <br /> <br /> The production cost is terrible and Brian Flemming is the best rookie director. The lecture sounded like he told the whole story in one match and he didn't practice at all. There are many ways to ream and pause when he should talk in this movie. The animation is terrible. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a legendary character is not taken seriously by historians and biblical scholars. As I said before, I do not believe in God and I do not think that Jesus is a real human being or not saying anything about God's existence. My personal view, Jesus may be a real person. But he lived in a time when Massiah's many (see apollonius of Tiana) and the stories of his life and sermons were blown according to the proportion you received from his death, according to the Wikipedia article about the history of the Buddha Jesus (And there is a good reference for this matter, so it's a waste) "All scholars in the field of scripture study and history agree that Jesus is a Jewish teacher from Galilee who is considered a keeper. Was baptized by John the Baptist, accused of sedition against the Roman Empire and by the orders of Roman ruler Pontius Pilate being sentenced to death by crucifixion [1] "I was left At the end of the documentary About the insecurity of the director more than anything else I was left wondering if he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else. The most telling example of this story is the last interview he was with the headmaster of the religious school. He wasn't shy about it. The way that he collapses the teacher is not fair, and while I agree with some of the directors, teaching children about the hell is a bad thing. The way Fleming faces the headmaster looks awkward. Fleming has a chance to talk well if he has more flair with his interview. But he was aggressive with "not good to teach children about this". The man cut short the interview and I meant he expected what the headmaster would say "Oh, yes, I see that I see the light now. Will it become a world school?" It seems that Fleming will take revenge on what he felt was a mistake he had made with his childhood. This is not about the documentary, this is about the insecurity of Fleming and is not related to the topic that should be the documentary. Fleming shows what he really does here and that is the real disaster of the documentary called
