It's not like I have an overwhelming fond memory of Verhoeven's traditional shocking pants - it makes me obsessed that it's the best movie in the airport. Exciting sexy trash But still throwing garbage It is also a movie that has changed to some sexists. After a decade of hysteria against AIDS, sex movies, movies about hotbod, sexually intense that thrilling killings to increase her sexual pleasure are pretty attractive things. Basic instincts 2 are often struggling to provide social relevance and immediacy, so the fact that the hopeless attempt to cripple can be overlooked. All it needs is a thin veneer of cheekiness and a slightly inviting story, and everything must be watched. That it has failed a lot in many levels and in a way that will be the lowest point in the profession for everyone involved Let's talk about the beginning clearly - Sharon Stone is too old for part of the sex magnet. Catherine Tramell What was photographed through Verhoeven's lens looked like a sheep-like sheep in the hands of Michael Caton-Jones, a gunman who rented a flat-colored gun and a fixed camera that made her beauty undeniable. I like Sharon Stone very much. But if the first film was launched, her career BI2 could kill it She doesn't have any chemicals with David Morrissey shirt. Their only sex scene is embarrassing too. The son of the character who got his wheat flour made me want a character with Michael Douglas's orange skin. The support from David Thewlis and Charlotte Rampling made these talented actors to sacrifice on the scene of the trade show, talked about and how heavy and famous sex workers were. Bright, not flashing, flashy like the mainstream of Desperate Housewives - The sensitivity of Europe that Verhoeven brings to the sexual content of the first movie is very lacking. Do not watch this movie for carnal excitement - none and miserable things. This movie is overall confusing and boring. In particular, the last 40 minutes that you realize the fact that this film doesn't go anywhere, especially the grueling and hilarious levels. As a failed sequel, Basic Instinct 2 will occupy a similar theater with Exorcist 2, The Heretic, Beyond The Poseidon Adventure and XXX2. As a vanity project, it's a rival to Battlefield Earth in a misunderstanding. As a multi-million dollar Hollywood movie maker, it is a difficult imitation to rise to the top in the worst year.
