One of the most popular stores in my local video store, not Borat or The Departed, but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ called God who was not there by director Brian Flemming, a former Respect for the Dalek Fleming in his 62-minute documentary claims that Jesus is not a person in history. But is a legend based on Bagan tradition Using interviews with writers, philosophers and historians to undermine the long-held Christian belief that Jesus, the Son of God, lives in the midst of the crucified and resurrected humans. Christ and Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis in Greek myths and Roman mysteries such as Mithraism and many surprising similarities. <br /> <br /> From his evidence of paganism, he also said that the first source for the story of Christ. The four Gospels were written for forty or fifty years after the date set for the crucifixion of Jesus and the letter of Saint Paul showing little evidence that Jesus was a body and blood. However, unfortunately, not seriously investigating the truth about Jesus' life. But to use this story is only the beginning for the full attack on Christianity and all religions Most interviews are in line with the philosophy of directors, including those who do not believe in God, such as biologist Richard Dawkins and composer Sam Price. The only Christian interviewer is marginal, such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the website Rapture Letters. .com and Ronald Sipus, the principal of Village Christian School, which Fleming joined as a child. <br /> <br /> Like Michael Moore's interview at Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is Argued that Sipus walked out to the middle. With a ridiculous tone, Fleming tells us that Christianity is wrong about the sun that revolves around the world, then points to the cruelty that was done in the name of Christianity, such as Charles Manson, who killed 11 people and Dena. Schlosser, the baby's arms out for God He also quoted from the book by LaHaye and Jenkins, who said that Christian "waited until the day that all non-Christians were thrown into the lake of fire, his greatness and screams" to make us Against Christianity, Fleming showed us a clip that stretched from The Passion of the Christ of Mel Gibson, with detailed details of each minute of violence and torture. What might be a serious debate in an interesting story eventually becomes ridiculous and is against all religions. In the process of condemning those who use Christianity in unspeakable acts, he is not interested in people such as socialism Muriel Lester, a Christian who enjoys peace. Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Guatemalan Mayan who won Nobel Peace Accepting her work for social justice and Mother Teresa working on respect for the value and dignity of each person. <br /> <br /> His greatest controversy is the comparison of Christian doctrine with Islamism is a good point, but Fleming does not tell us that while some aspects of these creeds may resemble Christian doctrines But there are no texts or sources for these creeds before 300AD long after the new covenant In addition, it is also important to know one important difference. The immediate goal of initiates is the mysterious experience that makes them feel that they have succeeded in uniting with their God. This is a curse to Christianity, which believes that the hierarchy of churches, including priests and bishops all the way to the Pope, must interpret God's will for humanity. <br /> <br /> Although I am not a Christian And have some doubts about Regardless of whether Jesus Christ is a person in history or not, the truth is that in a long time, it may not matter. The important thing is that the message was introduced to humanity and spread throughout the world that contributed to the spiritual evolution of mankind. Regardless of distortions and crimes later in the name and there are many, Christianity is a doctrine of compassion and love and the moral and ethical code that is celebrated to respect human beings. Our <br /> <br /> While I applaud the fact that this movie was created and there is a talk about the topic, it is very important to be banned. Tried to divide the religion into a battlefield But to see that it is common to bring people around the world together While there is space for discussions and discussions on religious topics in Annie Besant's words, "Spiritual truth is best seen in the clear air of brotherhood and mutual respect. For those who have ideas A good time is to throw away the religion of others.
