Eleonora, born in Italy, inherited from her late lover Karl, a modern and lonely home amid the forest. It was winter and she met a mysterious caretaker, Leslie, who ultimately didn't just take care of the house. But also Elaine Nora because she tried to adapt to the new environment and the increasing attraction between the couples. <br /> <br> What do I expect? Thriller But it is not so That's just advertising on the package for medicine! I am quite confused with everything. Title and motivation So how to classify it This drama, a character made of wood, is a romantic story, mood swings of alienation, ownership and interdependence, combined with the intricate relationships of two people who wear masks. Including William Dafoe) and film director of the house, Giada Colagrande, is just a clinic too far away and calculated with a mysterious metaphor that makes you question it. What does it really mean? Even when the conclusion of it appears concrete, you will think why I really need to be interested. What we do through the pointless feeling with the expression of important dead air that emphasizes details and insignificant images. Sterile conversations can cause many awkward developments. But there are many things to do to get a good experience Like it believes Sexual salty activities that are filtered in just never persuasive and far from erotic. They are sluggish in the flow. The base of the plot makes things interesting and fresh. But never succeeded and I think it will be more than that. Everything that is boring. The direction of Colagrande is modern, professional and depressingly appropriate to give her imagination. But everything feels as though it is moving slowly and can follow the same view Most actions remain at home. The camera's work is quite tense. But the grimy music score can make it a bit ridiculous when it comes to guiding the fast-paced music that gives little sense and purpose to the scene. Giada Colagrande shows it with William Dafoe's feelings and sleep as one part He looks tired dog! While Seymour Cassel shook his head. <br /> <br /> Where will it go? If you can wait I think I will benefit from the doubt because it is not what I expected from this indie movie.
