I respect the producer Alex Cox. I really do. He is like a child in a school that you think at first tried hard to "differentiate" the punk-rocker novelist who dipped his feet into western spaghetti and science fiction and Culture The world is ready to receive ... but then you will see what he can do, the ability and the art of high fever and the moment of true ridiculousness with his ability and you are ready to See what he has to offer. But there are two sides for the coin that is his proverb: He can hit it out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker content) or try a little too hard and pull the rabbit rabbit. Too tricky, out of the hat (straight to hell), death and compass fall into the latter category, and while I respect the traditional (most) way of dealing with the killer detective story, it falls on its face. <br /> <br /> There is a strange and irreverent set of styles: the detective, Erik Lonnrot, a killer with the fire of hell, red (Something), and see That the killer was disturbed before leaving his victim Write a message in blood on the wall Alonso Sun King. (Christopher Eccleston saw that the witness saw that he had just walked out of the shallow grave without changing his look). There was a religious significance in Kabbalah. We followed Lonnrot in his case. And his method of tracking perp, which includes tracing in the first place, is a triangle, and then a compass image form on the map - this despite the protests of the commander who dazed Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval) back to the side page Swiftly sitting at the table and speaking to the audience with an unreadable explanation But sad from past employees and colleagues after the facts in this case <br /> <br /> Oh Cox has a moment of creativity and interest Like the picture, we see the entire scope of the harsh depths of the police station in which Eccleston's characters are handcuffed. ("For his own protection" Lonnrot said in the case of wandering in the wrong room) and we followed with a long shot track - probably the best or most curious - which we passed. A very dark path with very little direction, lost in the way of the maze and strange things in the characters. And it has never been an unattractive thing when looking at the delightful Miguel Garzon film But the plot must go through Hula Hoop to prevent anything from escaping. The acting record for the confident Boyle and for Eccleston at the end was terrible, especially Sandoval, who seemed to wriggle at his seat to read the stupid dialogue that allowed him to speak to the audience. <br /> <br /> While the murder plan is intended for the audience to see that this is not something we've seen before. But in a society with a lot of rioters and architecture that introduced Alphaville's Alpha wave, it quickly disappeared. What is the conflict here? I never had much involvement with Boyle's personal mission in finding this killer and there were only a few scenes of the murderer (and / or killer) scenes that followed people in the building. An amusing pendant) and when I started thinking that it was leading to something exciting, with Boyle and Eccleston in a large building ("Not as big as you think") in the southern part of the city. It gives us "TWIST". We know that the back of our minds are coming. But cannot hope and it will solve any boredom that leads to For Cox's strange things, he was exposed as a filmmaker for all of his resistance to feeding the audience in a 'normal' way, which I respect death and compass, eventually cutting one. Brain stem It masturbate
