The name Uwe Boll is linked to the horror / terrorism automatically and every new movie he releases? Which is about a couple of years Will immediately receive negative points and severe criticism You almost want to think that this is just a contemporary advertisement. Did you know that it's popular to hate Uwe Boll, whether you like his movie or not? Let me assure you that this is not the case. Uwe Boll is a scary writer / director who is quite dangerous to the entire filmmaking industry. "Seed" is one of the most unfortunate evidence that can be proven here. Boll tried hard to face the controversy and shocking that he saw many other elements that every movie needed to have, such as the story. Storytelling structure Character development Tension building? "Seed" is an ugly movie that is full of dirt and innocent video. I've read that "Seed" is the interpretation of Uwe Boll about the current popular horror trend of Torture Porn flicks. But that's not close. This movie may lend some influence from "Saw" and "Hostel", but in general it is just another boring slasher that is infinite with an indestructible killer and intense video game. <br /> <br /> "The seed" is the first 45 minutes that is too boring and actually confirms all the obvious things that you already know are about to happen. As you can see, the boll is stupid enough to start his movie with a scrolling message too quickly that explains that there is a law of the US government that claims that death row prisoners must be freed. So you will know that this will happen later But there are still three first-quarter losses in the capture of the serial killer and take him to the electric chair. Seed is a serial killer who is dumb, who killed 666 people (or is it true?) That put the bag on His head He watched the video of the cruelty of real life animals. (And therefore we watched the video of the cruelty of real life animals, thanking Mr. Boll) and the people in the videotape that gradually decayed in their basement (Including the crying baby who was seriously ill and distorted) when he was finally caught while the most reliable and unbelievable amateur police had ever filmed and entered the line of execution After being buried, both because the electric chair couldn't fry, he got Max Pale to crawl back to the surface and kill a new person with fun. This time, focusing on the people who were arrested and executed. <br /> <br /> The plot is unconscious, twisted and lacks the depth of the story of this movie in a bad way. They are angry and insulting the level of intelligence of horror on average. The twisting and subplotting of many items in "Seed" is impossible to accept by a reasonable human mind because it is too dumb! No one believes that the police and prison authorities will bury many of the surviving killers without having to shoot a few bullets through his head first. No one admitted that he could not find a detainee for six months, even though he returned to the same hideout where they first captured him! "Seed" is full of small things that are like this, and the movie is stupid every minute that has passed. Personally, I refuse to accept that actors and teams do not notice this as well. It makes you think that Uwe Boll just ignores all suggestions and criticisms and just filming his movie the way he wants. I imagine what his shouts like "Shut up and do as you say" with his actors. Whenever they notice that the scene they are shooting doesn't feel reasonable. <br /> <br /> Just for fun to make. The people were in trouble with a long order. Max Seed smashed an old woman to death with a hammer as she tied her chair in her own living room. Instead of being as shocking as Boll intended for it to be, this scene is a clear example of how pathetic and interesting the film is. "Seed" is awesome. It's disgusting, pathetic.
