"National Treasure" (2004) is a misleading plot of the plot of the plot that is borrowed from almost every piece and the government dagger conspired to write. The movie starring Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (How much do you think you are?); Seems to be a normal person who has no other reason besides being the bloodline of the lucky hunter who misunderstood the decision to steal 'National Treasures' hidden by the United States, founder of the father After a little bit of sub-surface and laughable background (Unintentionally), like Indiana Jones, met with patriots. This film deteriorates quickly, wrongly, wrongly? Try to create Nicholas Cage's 'Stanley Goodspeed' regurgitation and release complicated clutter ahead with a high octane set. <br /> <br /> The relevance and logic of having George Washington and his crew The patriots buried the king's ransom at the scene on the ground, and then passed a plan that was meticulous in leaving traces scattered throughout the art. The US currency was what director Jon Turteltaub never explained. Better use for such wealth at the beginning of the country? So we were left with a mystery created on a puzzle that was already on the ground that was already shaky when Ben appointed the new guardian of this endless wealth. Ben's intention is high or not? If confused, he is determined to protect the treasure. For who and when ??? Your guess is as good as mine. <br /> <br /> But there is a little problem with Ben's crusade. First of all, his friend Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decides that he can't wait for Ben to think about stealing the Declaration of Independence from the National Archives. (Oh, yes. Great idea!) Assuming the back of the famous document is the secret answer to the most fortune. Ian then tried to kill Ben. Of course, the assassination attempt was unsuccessful if it looked too real. It also gives Ben the opportunity to pick and choose the hottest caregivers of Abigail Chase. (Diane Kruger) She thinks Ben is definitely crazy ?? At least at the beginning But true to the action / romance style. Abby's solution solves faster than you can say. "That is Hope Diamond?" The film entered the full X-File-ish mode, while the FBI mistakenly believed Ben was behind the robbery in various forms that led to the action scene. A variety of things that are reminiscent of the Mission Impossible. Actually, those people have never received the correct 'intelligence' information? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not a wonderful film creation, as it is a patchwork pattern of tired old bits from other films woven from debris like to make IL ' Betsy Ross, Red / / <br /> Buena Vista DVD provides better treatment, this movie deserves an anamorphic widescreen image, showing images that are smooth and detailed with various colors This natural skin tone solid black and whites clean. Stylish images without flaws and digital enhancements. Sound is 5.1 and gives great sound to your speakers and rear speakers with intensity and realism. Extras include a host of promotional junket materials that are quite deep and on top in an explanation of how and why this film was created. If, as an audience, we have more clarity as to why Ben and his colleagues Following an inappropriate treasure hunt, this may be a good flick. The special ended with a trailer, drama, narration, voice and deleted scenes. Not suitable for those who are vulnerable? Just a thick head
