I watched this movie last night from one of the pay-per-view channels and while watching it I wondered quickly why I had to pay attention. In honesty, what do I expect from this movie? There may be something along the lines of conspiracy theories. Why? Maybe because of casting, I mean Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I wonder why they are bothering? But instead of being an exciting, action-packed movie, I was caught up in a pastiche of nonsense stupidity and 'The Goonies', which surprised me so much that it was really important to collect praise. 'The Goonies' are clearly targeted to pre-teen and teen audiences, while 'National Treasures', judging from that example, are intended to attract adult audiences. <Br /> <br /> Suspension of unbelief is a matter. It's one way to enjoy sci-fi and horror. But I found myself being resisting, disobedient, suspicious, and rebellious. Oh, the script writer threw all the hardships that were intended to cause serious doubts. "Wow! Mason Temple Knight You know, this may be true! "I think the author really lost me when Gates said that the founding ancestors had hidden the treasure to prevent it in the hands of the British! And where does the Templar Knight come from? NJ? Oh, I forgot from France! Which went so far to explain that it ended in Philadelphia during the revolution It was brought there by a representative of Napoleon! Anyway, you see what I get. The location of this film is interesting. And I think it could be a serious success in a mysterious drama But it came out when other children flicked the grown clothes In the end, I think it asks the audience not only But will stop faith only <br /> <br /> I've finished watching the programs of Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It's changed from fine dining to Hollywood, Big Mac and French fries. The shocking story <br /> <br /> Okay, it's okay. If you breathe with the chase of the explosion and the 'gee-whiz' mechanism, you will enjoy. 'National treasure', but is it the type of movie, right? Have you ever stood outside the theater waiting before the previous audience came out? And all young children are excitedly talking about themselves and saying things like "Wow! Do you see that it exploded? 'National Treasure' is a movie of that type.
