John Carpenter's career ended if the sad excuse for this film is any indication. His excuse is that he only created it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a woman In fact, Bon Jovi and the two young vampires, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover, should fit the same clothes. In the short term, it is difficult to say which one is more cute than in the anorexic ramp model. Bon Jovi is the most charming. At least he looked happy when he smiled. Both Vampire Girls were cramps and all complaints. At one point, they are going to give a wet kiss but stop. Surprisingly, each vampire movie has the appropriate morale for the vampires involved. At one point, Arly Jover was giving a fellatio to a very stupid vampire hunter, and then she sucked his blood while doing sexual activity. It will be an emotional moment, except that it will be filmed like all the stupid people, and the male actors look gentle and humorous when they watch Arly Jover move her head to imitate something that is clearly not happening. As far as blood is concerned, how many heads have been torn apart and the blood is upstart? These scenes have little suspicion or accumulation until when it happens, it is almost a joke and there is no scary "pay" from the scene. What you receive as a member of the audience is the feeling of "Wow, of course, there are a lot of red splashes on the wall. I wonder who needs to be cleaned." In this film, the vampire hunter is clearly trying to kill Arly Jover (the world's number one vampire ?? Reaching out to her At one point, Bon Jovi entered the abandoned church and after he had just shot her with an arrow (And did so on other occasions) he said, "I didn't try to hurt you. I just want to talk to you. Want to know you "huh? Of course, the stupid vampire Arly jumped out to say hello and Bon Jovi clung to her again with another device. "Why don't we be friends?" The 1970s hit song by WAR seems to be the theme song for this film. In addition to other stupid moments, there was also a blood transfusion sequence when Natasha Wagner took out her vampire blood and people in the city shared blood to transfer her blood. I guess the blood type is not important? However, all her vampire blood will be removed. Bon Jovi decided that if there was a blood transfusion into him, he could beat Arly by being a vampire too. Of course, the vampire blood was taken in him, without his strong blood being removed. Clearly, Bon Jovi is walking around with twice as much blood as the human body. And like the first VAMPIRES, this has a special effect of vampires that explode into flames.
