First of all, the actors that they have to play are Jesus with blue eyes ... Half of the actors they play with the Jews have blue eyes. The actor with brown eyes is not enough? Jesus was described as having blue eyes as one of my pets. He is a Jew full of blood! Secondly, what is it with old English movies that should happen in countries that do not speak English and everyone has an English accent? (Another example is David Lean "Dr. Zhivago") There are no Jewish actors or actors who can focus on the Israeli accent. This film is often not true to the Bible, so it seems to doubt that the righteousness of Jesus claiming to be a Messiah. In the Bible, when John was baptized from Jesus, the voice came from heaven that "This is my beloved son, which I am very pleased with" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie John the Baptist say this! The screenwriter seems to be trying to convey that believers are crazy as well. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel told Mary that she would conceive with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movie we do not see or hear any angels - Mary seems to. talk with Moonlight, and when Mary's mother heard her talking to someone and secretly looked at her, she didn't hear or saw anyone. In the movie, when Jesus was speaking to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he said "You won't see me here again until you learn to cry. 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of God. 'For me and my father is the same one "The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is" You will not see me again until you say "Blessed are those who come in the name of God." Jesus never claimed to be God. The movie cuts many important parts. (The sermon on the mountain was greatly eliminated) but then spent much time with things that were not in the Bible. (All scenes with Mary Magdalene say to John) It seems that the screenwriter instead wants to make the scripture. The movie version wants to make a movie about what he thinks might actually happen behind the scenes (and between) Various scenes, this movie has one gem - in the scene in which Jesus tells the parable of the young son Matthew, the tax collector's house. I burst into tears. It's the best movie I've ever seen about Jesus' mission. (But that doesn't say much because other people are terrible) "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie about Jesus' final day ("The Passion of the Christ" is too graphic) but I like it. The way to "Jesus of Nazareth" instead ends with the death of Jesus.
