Scary Movie 3 is not as funny as before. But still have funny moments Everything began when Cindy Campbell, a news reporter, came out to find difficult stories in the middle of the television. Soon she discovered an outrageous attack of development that threatened the world, including foreign invaders. Faced with a large proportion of conspiracy and the crew of strange people who followed her, Cindy must fight to stop the evil from occupying the world again. The plot is not an issue here because the first two have a lot less plot. This time they focus on Signs, The Ring, Matrix Reloaded and 8 Miles, as well as many others not mentioned earlier. The first one is {imo}, one of the most fun movies I've ever seen. The second person is not very good. But it's quite funny The third is gentle fun. But nothing special Suppose I'm not interested in seeing it once. But I may not want to see it again The jokes are either hit or miss and funny stories are often associated with Charlie Sheen. The weak people are often associated with Anthony Anderson while he is a fat person. Why is he still thrown unclear because he's not funny? Anna Faris performed comedy and she was the one who insulted Simon Rex to show some potential. In fact, he wasn't bad. Regina Hall returned again when Brenda and she had a comedy. The rest of the actors are a bunch of pendants. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson may have the most fun scenes out of all the pendants. In the opening scene, the counterfeiting The Ring and the scene became more fun in the movie Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others with pendants. David Zucker directed and while this is not another plane But not my daughter's boss as well It is pointless to analyze the jokes straight away. It's important that people want to know if it's funny or not. As I said earlier, if you do that, you may not like it that much. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing because the PG-13 score decreased but still can enjoy the score of 6.3 / 10.
