At first I felt disgusted with the director Sun-Wu because I felt he cheated on me. Zhang has the potential to create a strong and profound film about sex and its impact on people. But chose to focus his strength on pornographic elements rather than human elements I did not see the characters at first and his sloppy introduction, which combines both realism and movies together, was unskilled. But this movie remained in my mind for several days after I watched. What is with me is not a story, not a character or a pornographic appearance of a movie. But the change that Zhang showed between Y and J, if you watch this movie carefully, you will see that Both started in the process of exploring their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown. But not sure in the next step As they continue to explore new ways of happiness, they constantly jump between invaders and invaders. Zhang began to explore the idea that Jay was the one who controlled the situation and then scared. The reversal occurred when Jay was obsessed with Y. It was a very minor change and because the film's graphic content would be missed but it was clear that it was close. At the end, when Jay was unable to live with Y because their meetings began to decline and Jay tried to become part of normal society. This is a great and exciting element for this film that will be seen before your eyes, but it is the only element of this movie that is worth watching. <br /> <br /> I will not care about people. That talks about this film There is nothing more than pornography because there are human elements that are the core of this film that has been developed like never before. It is a movie about aspects of our lives that are rarely explored in cinemas or talked about in documents. What happened after the closed door, no one knows? Or so we should believe While doing his own actions a little bit, the director Zhang tried to change the scene slightly with the ever-changing scenes. Our characters continue to move from hotel rooms to hotel rooms to quench the thirst for each other's meat. Now it's fun. But again, the repeated lines of Zhang seem to make it more boring than excited This brought me to the biggest problem I had with this film. Zhang has a wonderful story with Gojitmal, but where he fails (In addition to the obvious options to focus on direct pornography), he repeatedly filmed scenes without having to change our face to allow us to go. Know the character Where will Zhang go with this movie? Does he want sex to tell the story or does he believe that the character will be like that? He failed in this respect because at the end of this movie we knew a little about Y and J that we didn't care how they solved the problem. The ending seems to be the best random, since Zhang tries to create the final resolution for our film. I have to give credit to Zhang to try, but not so much. He tries to create a sub story that will create the personal elements that we lack. But they can't make it better together. Y's brother and J's wife are planning points. But again, since he focused heavily on sexual elements, these strong sub stories became something that was not memorable and memorable. Maybe it's just the way I watch this movie. But in addition to sex scenes We don't know anything about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to say that this movie might benefit from having a strong score or composition of music from Long distance Bring us the audience closer to the emotions of J and Y from what I can remember, and I try to push this movie far away from my thoughts. Gojitmal may be a stronger movie if Zhang chooses a style too. Music or doing something to talk about our characters While I understand that he wants sex to speak for himself, there is only a technical element that is missing from this film that may extinguish a stronger desire. Technically, this is a poor movie. It is clearly an independent film in nature. It feels like a director. Zhang tries to make symbolic references from anything instead of being independent from your general nature. I do not see social messages or human elements as mentioned above. I just felt that he threw this movie together for two weeks and understood that sex could sell enough. This is not Larry Clark's production; This is a subset and requires more technical clicks to develop better than the final version! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think I would like this movie and there is a small element that I like, but I feel that this movie has been hastily hastened and played against taboos instead of destroying them. he The obvious mistake of this film can be seen in the final scene of this movie when we have privacy with the title of this film. Our characters do not have feelings for our underdeveloped stories, and we can use things that are memorable to make things happen between Y and J as symbols rather than sex. For me, Jang Keun Suk is trying to capture the art house too. And it failed miserably This is not a movie that is worth the time and effort to make <br /> grade: ** from *****
