Very little spoiler. <br /> <br /> This movie was billed as Russia's first horror film. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, "Witch" (Russian name) will take the place of shame in the gallery of horrible Russian movies. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol "Viy", which is a classic in Russia. "Ing" is a key word here because it doesn't have to be familiar with the story. The more you know about Gogol, <br /> <br /> It is a unique work because we are familiar with directing stories from other cultures and adapting to their own culture. Examples of newly created foreign films from America are good examples. But once again, Sturgis transformed the Seven Samurai of Kurosawa to become The Magnificent Seven with great results and Kurosawa transferred Shakespeare's Shakespeare into Japan. With "witches", we have Russians growing Russian classic stories on American soil. This film was filmed in Estonia in English, with the purpose of dubbing in English using an American actor and sensibly moving lips. <br /> <br /> The result is the disappearance of a colorful Ukrainian background for the story in a small town in America that appears to have been lifted from an old-fashioned horror book guide. The Khoma Brutus fanatic, but we have a boozy journalist who is about to receive the Pullitzer award and at the same time write about the X-Files event and the Miss Boobs contest (I never thought that the Pulitzer Prize will be received From that kind of writing, I am now humbled to correct) in the nod to the strangeness of being a Russian journalist named Ivan Berkhoff. They should name him John Smith because it is impossible to get more money, more ancient and ordinary than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff went to a town called Castleville, stuck on the road. Gravel until he found a dilapidated house Everything that consists of radio announcements about their most powerful evil power and the people who are in the shade and better avoid the water. I want to say that it is heavy rain or not. After a few scary scenes that made me laugh, the story found that our journalist dressed as a priest. He mistook a local priest and sheriff, telling him that his daughter, who died after being brutally attacked, wanted a new priest to pray. She's three nights. At this point, the action that should be started Who has time to kill? <br /> <br /> What happened to this movie? Everything starts with an interaction and goes down to the pole department. The dialogue I heard in Russian was clearly written in English and it was compiled from ancient ideas and monotonous words chosen from American movies. The actors clearly fought with English because of their speaking, hard and unnatural moments and dubbed Russian voice after the suit. Most performances are bad and not just because the actors find it difficult to say. But because they have nothing to approach facial expressions Most of them are empty or you want them. The only exception is the sheriff played by Estonian actor Lembit Ulfsak and Arnis Lizitis, who plays the swivel chair that lives in Castleville. Oh and the natural cock is definitely on the camera! I knew that the actors complained of being irritated by dogs and cats, but when Nikolaev was blessed by Kai, it was a sad testimony for the quality of the film's general performance. one time In both movies and no original moments in the movie as well Please note that this comment comes from someone who is quite inexperienced in a horror story. This film is full of standard movements used in horror movies since the inception of the genre. At the critical moment, the camera reflects kerosene lamps with love. The lamp goes out immediately. There must be a few horror movies. The most stupid example came again. The character jumped out of the bathtub and ran to the camera. He wears something that looks like a loincloth! <br /> <br /> People in Russia who like it claim that it should be advertised as a mysterious thriller. I wasn't too excited. It is a matter that must be done from beginning to end. I am happy with the fact that the entire population of small towns behave as if they knew that they lived in horror movies, except that they were not sure if they had zombies. So some people act like zombies in the case. <br /> <br /> The filmmakers say it's about finding faith. This great collection of stupid actions, foolishly planned moments and yes, ancient words do not deserve to be found in faith. This movie is completely fake and deserves to be exhibited only in the wax museum.
