What's here?! Let me tell you. It is the presence of (Alex Baldwin) He's not a great actor. But may be a good star with some good movies, which is not one of them He didn't do anything here more than what he did before or after. So don't talk about (literally!) Steve McQueen's role in the original, because I don't want to make that comparison at first. I'm not a big fan or a fan of Kim Basinger. She has a lot of bad movies about her and even though she looks the best. And it makes me feel stressed every time they talk about her rare beauty !! ?? If it is blonde, it will make everyone charming and I will dye my hair as soon as possible! And what is it with all the madness beyond Basinger's leg ?? !! Of course it is insanity or bad tasting? As I don't see them, both are not only sexy but UGLY too! And if you hate to shoot me down But you know what ?! I just watched this movie and I'm dead! But what will cause you to suffer unbelievably is that there is no credit to the person you deserve the most, and of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're talking about seductive chick. mere This memorable body and a unique sense of charm, such as nasty brown hair (Marilyn Monroe) but with much better health !! (I can't help you, be new and see here!) (Michael Madsen) While bad guys attract attention and are more effective than good people (James Woods) are here to summarize the first event beside the pool. Swim (So ​​the trailer will be followed by his voice later!) And he knew earlier that all of this is Hollywood. "Do what you receive and good luck as an actor in other movies!" The editing makes the movie a serious personality, along with a violent atmosphere with the appropriate movie screenings. Its main product (action, excitement, ..) is here and quite well done, even if any resonance for a deeper meaning about (The kind of betrayal) is the norm of the main drama of unhealthy things. So don't wait. OK. It's something that is rebuilt without anything special. (Except Jennifer Tilly's spicy time!) So I think I try to act as best I can, so I shouldn't end the criticism by saying (Basinger) than this movie .. It will be an insult. Because frankly .. there is nothing better than this movie!
