Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man), a famous film director, directing horror / drama in the 19th century. England has a different view on how medical practices should be handled than Dr. . Thomas Rock, the law states that only the bodies of suspected criminals can study and experiment. But the warehouse of these bodies is small and the stones need more - and he likes them fresh Being a loner in his circle, he began paying people to find bodies for him to study and test. The desperate killer Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom were given the opportunity to work and began to kill people and sell these bodies to Rock. Naturally, this type of action had a worse effect than training the bodies of people. Without criminals and leads to problems for everyone While the overall story sounds interesting on paper, almost everything about The Doctor And The Devils is terrible, laughing. <br /> <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of this film, you start to ask questions you decide. Sit down to watch the movie. The image of the film looks ugly. When looking at this film in the British ghetto in the 19th century, filmmakers may look ugly. But they do not do art Everything from dresses to movies, filming looks cheap, weak and disgusting. In addition, everything about the scene is full of things that you can't seriously and most of this story is related to someone. (In both small and large roles) doing anything that looks or sounds completely ridiculous Francis is sure that he doesn't help the actors. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play the role of a friend of this film, Fallon and Broome respectively. Their characters are crazy in nature. But Pryce and Maria can overcome death. In particular, they have trouble keeping the same accent from the shock of the shot, especially Pryce from Irish Cockney to Long John Silver to lagoon species and others. The story of Twiggy's riots in this film, too, that she didn't do anything to save her life. (Even though her song at the end is not a joke), her boy is sure to come far: from the "flower power" to "I'll take my clothes off the face"! "Not as good as the three actors in this movie. Julian Sand won the worst performance. Come home. He is as stupid as possible, try to make loud laughter afterwards again to show anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose any emotions! <br /> <br /> There is The only good thing about The Doctor And The Devils: Dr. Rock Timothy Dalton Even being surrounded by filth in the cinema But Dalton is great. Giving the electric picture of someone who is very hospitable Unfortunately the rest of the film is not as good as Mr. Dalton ....
