I appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve. But after watching the last night at a college movie theater, I can't help but think ... when will end For two hours, fifteen minutes I have only seen some parts of Cremaster 3 on the DVD and think I know what to do. Who said that such experimental films are a little better, with a few beautiful / scary images ... including a sequence of names (not kidding), but if you think there is a plot or Any meaning, you will have to ride a car for a long time to take a nap. (If that is a compliment) But more often, I'm waiting for some meaning or subtitle ... a big mistake. Among the collection of images is a lavish gift wrapping ceremony, creating a disgusting dish of what appears to be a petroleum jelly sheet made with a cookie cutter and topped with shrimp. (This is the service provided to the crew of the ship shown. Throughout the film), a big cheesecake with a large tentacle placed in the middle of it and the collaboration of Bjork and director Matthew Barney, who eventually will participate in a strange participation. Strange. The soundtrack is sometimes beautiful and annoying ... Sometimes it's crazy. There was once a song that was sung by Bjork along with a temporary ritual that was playing in front of us, and sometimes there was only a constant treble that we saw a mysterious woman playing in The beginning and end of the movie If listening seems to be unreasonable, it may be because it is not like that! If you sound like your cup of tea, you will absolutely fall in love! If this sounds like something you might not like to be far from it, because you should walk out of the theater in half the way, like many people in the screenings that I attended. This is the definition of an art movie. You get out of what you get from it. But otherwise there will not be much except strange things and constant construction and construction rituals I'm glad that there is a place for movies like this. But I can't say that I want to sit back again. However, I can't say that I don't want to see one of Barney Cremaster's movies from start to finish and compare to this. I think maybe now that I know what to expect, I can enjoy something like this again. In order for you to understand how this movie is understood, I might like it more if I'm drunk with stones. Then again, it will feel twice as long and then it will be really boring. Of course not for everyone.
