Winter Kills is a horror and frustrating horror film from director William Richers, a little-known director. While watching movies, I felt like I was an emperor in the classic tales of The Emperor's new clothes. This movie made me feel like a fool because I couldn't make the head or the end of the Naga and the ridiculous characters. But I was embarrassed to accept myself that the film was tightening my brain So I stuck to it until the end, hoping that all the clutter would disappear. Then I found that .... This movie was encouraged to be a vain and unreasonable snake because that was all the point. This is a satirical look at conspiracy theories and theories with the hitch of the plot used as a metaphor for the hitch of truth, half the truth and lies that define any plan, even if I get. A joke about me. I still feel that Winter Kills is a very scary movie. <br /> <br /> Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the brother of a former US president who used to be Assassination in Philadelphia Nick appeared when a near-death man claimed that he shot the president and gave detailed information about the position he had hid the gun. Nick followed the clues, but every step that people helped him seemed to die in a mysterious situation. In addition, his father, Kegan (John Huston), a disgusting and wealthy businessman, still interferes with Nick's investigation. The more he delves deeper into the assassination, the more Nick realizes that he is going on a website with complex lies and red birds that are unreliable and unreliable. <br /> <br /> The movie is the worst nightmare that must be followed and in many ways is not worth trying to follow with the reasons mentioned above that deliberately mess up. The actors are full of special abilities. But most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune is one of the shortest and most ridiculous screenplays in film history. Elizabeth Taylor appears unaudited and has no single line of dialogue. Richard Boone Get something that seems to have an interesting role. But his character is nowhere. John Huston plays the best role as a powerful old man and gives us the fun time of this movie. Anthony Perkins has an eerie and manageable role, even though his screen is too short to complete justice for the character. Some nude scenes and sex scenes are thrown down for no reason and while they are quite graphic and may attract travelers, they are in another movie. The semi-comic peak of this movie looks ridiculous and frustrating. But it is memorable in a strange way Obviously there is an outings audience for the Winter Kills .... but I won't count myself in the number.
