Nell Shipman must receive a huge amount of money to support Maxwell's off-road driving ability. The story of the film is quite simple. Neil plays as a writer with a bad writer's blog and wants to be inspired. Travel to Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There she met the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chose to drive instead of riding a horse. While Nell visited with her father at a mining camp, a local robbery gang kidnapped her and took her to a deep camp in the wilderness. The hero must hurry to find her quickly, so he decides to drive in his car. This is where the movie is a strange twist. Bert proceeds to drive along possible terrain, large rocks, small streams, heavy brushes, stumps, stumps, steep slopes, etc. For most movies we see, this car struggles to crawl through obstacles. Now please note that this is not a modern ATV. It is a 1920's Maxwell car so it looks out of place as an off-road vehicle and it has a clear limitation for the terrain that we see. Stuck more than once in this movie But the filmmakers tried to show the odds and eventually passed all obstacles. When the hero arrives at the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps in the car with her and drives out with the bandits in a hot chase (on horseback) and at this point it becomes a joke for me. crazy Watching this car roll slowly onto a large rock, stuck in the gravel and brush the mountain, go forward and back to get enough momentum to pass through the fallen branches. The robbers should have enough time to Follow But they never did, even though we believed that this wilderness chase continued throughout the night. And in the stupid climax, the car climbs up the mountain and helps Nell and the hero push the large stones down to the side to defeat the bandits that follow. <br /> <br /> After seeing this movie Then you will think that the army should invest in 1920. Maxwell cars, because it clearly has the ability to drive off-road better than tanks, Hummers and Bradley. Watch this movie to laugh, it's worth seeing. Hugging each other on the car And said "You do your best and you dare to make a small car."
