To create an audience watching movies - I'm shocked by the amount of positive comments that this tragic film has gathered here. I can't give credit. It can't help. But had to be skeptical because the matter was paid back to the critics who were convinced Annette Benin to find the Oscar. The holes in the kitchen ceiling may be caused by chewing on her scenery. She is a great actress. But this is an unbalanced show But lacking the quality movie actors that need to have the expertise to capture the rhythm of the movie and maintain it at the time of the film's madness. <br /> <br /> I don't want that. Will blame Miss Bening or other actors (mostly Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for her vague work). However, since this is a horrible modification, the classic case of wrong translation Suppose I didn't read the book and didn't think I would continue to do it.) The script opens us to the middle / chaos of uncountable behavior and severe emotional pain caused by mysterious characters that have developed relationships. Both with us and each other It turned out to be a dramatic tsunami attack that the characters and the audience alike and left me like a survivor who shook his head at the remnants of the rest of each episode repeatedly. Explain my reaction to the mood of bipolar emotions between ranting and the sensitivity of the quiet oh-sounding telegram after one of the annoying soundtracks. Not being designated as a laughing comic But was chosen without ignoring the sound of the scene. <br /> <br /> How did this talented actor mix in this story? I don't want to believe that they saw the script before signing. Of course, they use their skills with determination - I feel great regret that Jill Claybert, a wonderful burden to ladies clothing, bags, cartoons and wigs, is trying hard to look. Important things from the conversation On the other hand, Alex Baldwin rose above the material to achieve a consistent and more suitable performance. Who can help this man have a leading role in the substance? Then Rachel Ivan Wood - or Joseph Finis? You think that this industry can take advantage of him better and without appearing to be hirsute like Elliot Gould in M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> My score. But there is no connection with heaven
