When there was an attempt to assassinate the powerful ruler of Otar, an Arab citizen who visited Washington DC, his life would be rescued by a cocktail waitress named Sunny Davis. Sunny became a heroine and national media and was awarded to work done with the US Department of State Protocol Department. The Ministry of Foreign Affairs officials who offered her work had a hidden agenda. <br /> <br /> The map that we saw on Otar was lying on the borders of Saudi Arabia and Yemen under the barren area. Known as Rub al-Khali or Empty Quarter. In real life, the state in this place will have almost zero population and zero strategic value. But for the purpose of the movie, we must admit that Ohtar has a very important strategic importance in the Cold War and the American government. Those who are keen to build a military base there need to do everything possible to maintain the goodness of their parents. It was the story that Emirates had imagined an attractive young woman who saved his life and that he had already agreed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. They can have their base, provided that he can have Sunny as the latest supplement of his harem. Sunny's new job is just a trick to make sure that the prince has the opportunity to meet her. <br /> <br /> This kind of plot is probably a chance of a hilarious satire. In 1984, the American people were not in the mood to satirize their foreign policy. This was the year Ronald Reagan carried out forty-nine in five states in the presidential election and his support for the Soviet Union was clear that went well with the voters. (If the film was created a few years later after Iran / Contra, the tone of the story may be different) <br /> <br /> The film does not contain words that are vehicles for Goldie Hawn. Show off her cute and charming brand Sunny is the character of Goldie who has a cute, cute, innocent character and not too bright. However, there is a limit to how far you can go with the cuteness and charm, and you can't automatically create a bad movie just by making the lead character a silly blonde. (Actually, it sounds like a good recipe for bad movies.) Goldie tries his best to save her life. But was not successful Part of the reason is the inconsistent method in which her character is conveyed. On the one hand, Sunny is a sweet, innocent country girl from Oregon. On the other hand, she is a 35-year-old woman working in a slippery bar and wearing a revealing dress. The effect is quite like the imagination of Rebecca of the Sunnybrook Farm that grew up and worked as a Bunny Girl. <br /> <br /> The main reason why Goldie can't help this movie is even a comedian or comedian. The best is not better than His / her content and the "Protocol" are easy. Anything that has humor is tiring and stressful, depending on the nasty map about Arab men who clearly see all Western female sexual needs, especially if they He is blonde and blue eyes. There are many things about this in the middle of the eighth century, because this was the time when the movie Ben Kingsley / Nassia Kinskie was horrified about the "harem" about the Middle East rulers. That kidnaps an American woman and A mini-series of the same name that tells the exact same story by setting the time period. The filmmakers seem to realize that their movies will not work as pure comedians, because at the end it will become a movie of the last generation. "Mr Smith Goes to Washington" Sunny changed from blonde innocence. To become a political wisdom and begin to speak pluralism about democracy and the constitution and duties of people in voting and we, the people and how the price of The picture is Eternal Vigilance blah blah blah ???? But in reality, this film is not as successful as a political metaphor, rather than a joke. <br /> <br /> Goldie Hawk has created good comedies such as "Cactus Flower", " Overboard "and" Housesitter "but" Protocol "is not one of them. I have never seen her movies before. But the story that I saw in this horror movie was the worst. 3/10
