The use of many stock images not only from Trader Horn, but also the first two movies in the series. (For example, the battle of the crocodiles was used last time) This is one of the weakest movies in the MGM series. It's a big story after Tarzan and His Mate, which is the best movie in the series. <br /> <br /> Story Jane's cousin is entering the forest to tell her that she has inherited her. I will return to claim again. They are bound by relatives who have left her money to cut off from the will. Hire a white hunter who wants to secretly catch Tarzan and sell him. They both head into the forest where they run normally. Forest problems (more After talking about many things, Jane decided to return to civilization and we got the order of Tarzan and James that made the kissing face. Finally, in the last half hour, the plan to catch Tarzan began to move and eventually became interesting because the plans changed and things looked very scary for everyone involved .. <br /> <br / > Painful dull movies Problematic production It seems that this film has been compiled from many different movies in the first half hour, which is a repeat of the previous film. The middle third shows signs of elongation and has a plot line that eventually is nowhere. The last three times that Tarzan was arrested and the party was put into danger, is the point where the film came to life again. (It shows the intensity of the graphics that cause the need for filming again.) For me, it's a miracle that the series will continue from here because this movie is not very good. (Except at the end) I will press hard to explain it, except I have to say that it is the relationship between Weissmuller and O'Sullivan, playing as Tarzan and Jane, which brings people back. It's a beautiful pairing and one of the best pair of screens. <br /> <br /> (I might say that this is the point that the movie becomes less real and strange. More with the nature of the Tarzan tree house) I don't like the very first hour of this movie and find it a waste of time and energy. If you can come to an end, I recommend trying a movie. Otherwise I will skip this movie and go to the next story in the series.
