In the small town of Meadowvale, Dr. Anthony Blake (David Gale, IMDb's name for this character is definitely wrong, Dr. Blake is not Dr. Blake Lee) is the director and founder of the famous psychological research institute. Local TV program called 'Independent thinker' uses this TV program to mesmerize the audience and make them act violently. Dr. Blake is assisted by a large brain with an evil face that uses the spinal cord as a part. Tail Usually, the brain is sitting in a bucket, eating mice and strange actors. Every time a person eats it bigger. Meanwhile, at a local high school with a talent But Jim Majeleevsky (Tom Brescan), a teenager with problems, was arrested and imprisoned in the bathroom. Jim was sent to Dr. Blake at PRI for help with his attitude and behavior problems While having Dr. Blake asks Jim to come with something I'm not sure about. This is what is attached to the brain. At first, Jim was able to resist the mind control of the brain. The brain felt that Jim was a threat to himself and was a plan when leaving the PRI. Jim began to have strange hallucinations and car crashes. Jim makes his girlfriend Janet. (Cynthia Preston as Cindy Preston) Waitress But was sent back to the assistant of Dr. Blake Verna (George Bosa) Not long after Mark's staff (Harry Booker) brain wants to kill Jim because he was the only one who can resist it, and with mind control techniques. 'Independent thinkers' who go to the country level. The brain does not want anyone or anyone to stop. It's an evil plan for world domination! Jim quickly realized that the brain was controlling the entire city, and that he alone had to stop the brain before it took over the world! <br /> <br /> Directed by Ed Han who calls himself Edward Hunt. Here, the brain is not. Not as good as I thought it would be possible. Don't understand me wrong because it's not too great. The script by Barry Pearson tries to stab the words by brainwashing and mind control. By the T.V storyline, it moves in a fair and not boring way. There is no explanation about the existence of the brain at all, and that's what we have to accept. The story is a bit absurd and never fully explores one element, with mind control, TV, the brain, Jim himself being chased by police & his inappropriate behavior and little pieces and other pieces here and revealed. Strange about Dr. Blake that didn't explain at all The production of this movie looks smart, cheap, and may not be performing well, but I see it worse, and what did David Gale do about this? In fact, this role is similar to the role of Gale in Re-Animator (1985), even with the death of characters in both films. My own brain initially sat in a bucket and began to grow whenever it ate someone and at the end it was quite big. Each step is made of rubber. It doesn't look particularly bad and not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or blood in it, besides blinking, and you will miss the execution. The nude picture was made by assistant Dr. Blake Vivian (Christine Kossak as Christine Kossack) before she eats The brain has some entertainment value for me. But I think most people will not like it May be worth watching if you can watch at T.V. for free
