To say that Thunderbird is an ugly person, being forced to face an ugly face that can be heard and painful to watch movies. There are only two reasons I can imagine why you watched this movie: 1; You've seen Thunderbird when you were young. (As I used to) and wanted to know how it was But you will watch to see how bad they are doing or 2; You see it with someone under the age of ten years. <br /> <br /> Thunderbird tries to handle everything that it tries. The list continues. But there are other things that are profoundly shameful and painful when you think about it Thunderbird was wrong, wrong, wrong. All moral messages and 'goals' were remarkably prepared: Jeff Tracy (new low for Bill Paxton) told his youngest son Alan. Did not prove himself as a Thunderbird after Alan randomly and foolishly Tracy's stomach to shoot Thunderbird Day The whole movie is a series of events and a missed fire, consisting of Alan trying to prove himself while his father and brother are trapped in space on Thunderbird Five. <br /> <br /> The movie relies on actors. Children to carry Movie: 16 years old Alan Tracy (Corbet), 16 years old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and 14 years Fenton, son of the brain In saying that watching the 'adventure' that they wake up to is painful. Often trying to show and use the script while fighting against the evil "Hood" (Kingsley) in a form that is not funny and ridiculous, acting as entertainment at the time of the movie. It's different when everyone is in a different place. In addition, what All 'mind control' is very boring and generally dragging the film down because it is too active and offers a way for our heroes to see the weaknesses in The Hood ?? Forced and unimportant. <br /> <br /> I know that most movies for kids today try to combine some content for adults. But in Thunderbird, it is made as a fetish for Lady Lady Penelope Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's not a coincidence that she is slightly older than other children ?? At 24 years of age, it's almost too good to be true. Her scenes are often costly. We saw her in the shower with bubbles to her neck. Watching TV; Her butler came in and peeked as she changed the box with her wet feet and bubbles. The picture of her bright pink high heels, often full screen in different scenes: This happened first when she was bound to the second event during a fist fight with another woman! Her bright pink costume that reveals just enough But sufficiently comprehensive, with special prominence, just as she moves and talks with a distinctive accent and English accent Looks like a woman who is the boss (She is a Penelope woman and you should call her like that better) All things are laughable. But the correction was so fast that the children would not notice But it was like hell there. <br /> <br /> The real plot of The Hood that did everything he did for a few bank robberies was very strange. His character's bodyguards: A good-looking woman and a black man who is very turbulent. Should we laugh at this thing? What is the battle scene? Bad choreography and what the hell is with stupid sounds? <br /> <br /> This program continues. The way Bill Paxton plays seriously, just as he says they are doing one thing. But it was created in another way that Ford's automotive company has their logo slapped all over the place. Bulletin board: sponsored by Ford, even the camera still supports Ford. How many times when a car was shot, the way CGI looked like something from a video game Cool with the current rescue of the falling monorail (Monorail over the River Thames!) Go back to the door. Save the day all the time holding her breath. Is it a definite cow and the manufacturer knows? I don't even know if a 10 year old boy will swallow or not. <br /> <br /> In short: Avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbird was angry, made a bad script and even Rolls Royce was removed and replaced with a flying car? Everything went wrong.
