Traditional Thunderbird has received a position in TV history. It is, and still is, very intriguing - of course. Throughout the first 10 minutes of the movie, Wallace and Gromit (Wererabbit) is a direct lift of Thunderbird into the first direct play of Thunderbird 2, which was released (if You don't wear Unbelievable that I will receive a movie and then receive a copy of the original episode of Thunderbird. 2) <br /> <br /> This film is a great effort to create movies for children - when the original is Is loved and enjoyable for both children and adults! In the original version, Thunderbird spent most of his life saving people trapped when nature or technology crashed horribly. (Yes, there have been criminal offenses from time to time) Thunderbird puts their lives and resources at risk without reward - the essence of courage and sacrifice. With a slight physical violence Thunderbird challenges many imaginative people to dream of creating Thunderbird 2, and don't underestimate the power of entertainment to do this - many Japanese show their passion for Android robots with The old Astroboy cartoon <br /> <br /> But this movie is a bad image of the original image. This film is a story between Thunderbird and Loony Tunes - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards, a brain that mimics the stuttering of Porky Pig. Most actions include fighting kung fu / power rangers. Of course, there are funny effects when people are caught on the head with a pan. The technology that makes our imagination missing - instead of letting these kids run around by using an unprecedented plot device in the original series. (Let the whole team out at the same time, leaving the base of the child and the brain). Then there is the size of "use the power of Luke". The magic cast when TinTin will float something or another along with the aerodynamic hood. That looks like they are raised from "The tiger snaps the dragon hidden. About the only thing missing is to let Hood go "TinTin I am your uncle" with the breath mask. The heart that makes Thunderbird unique is the GONE. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot is the drawing of Ron Cook's Parker - he can catch it perfectly. But the actress who played Lady Penelope met when she was a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And this is the reason we hate this movie. When people do something that is popular with the fan base and expect fans to spend money to see and deliver something that is too close to what the fans expected - sorry, no. correct! OK, so if they make movies for kids - good - next time, send them directly to the video. But do not wrap anything in the familiar robe and change the internal organs
