'Thunderbird' is an overwhelmingly popular sixties list that has crossed many generations to the point that it is still popular today with both children and adults alike. Prosperity Therefore, one would deduce the opportunity to produce a live-action documentary film with a million-pound Hollywood budget. It is a great opportunity to revive the series as done with 'Spider-Man' and 'The X-Men ', but the terrible story and the gentle actions make this opportunity disappear, and soon it becomes clear that everything that is set for this movie is a trip to the bargain bins. In Of kiddies <br /> <br /> The five sons of Tracy, their father and the trusted brain, trying to help people and protect the world from the villains. Our hero in this boring story is Alan Tae. Ross, thirteen years and eighteen years Fermat, the brain box, the age of the son's brain (Yes, the son of the brain, despite this being a man who never gave a woman a rating if he tried, maybe he could raise a child in a petri dish) as we can tell from our 2004 lead character. Thunderbird 'is clearly intended to entertain only children under the age of twelve, instead of trying to attract attention in the wide age range.' Spider-Man 'makes his own plot. This was so bored with the conversation awkward and clumsy jokes weak, which may make teens light up their predecessors. It seems that the playwright is interested in ripping 'Spy Kids' (which is at least strange and original) instead of letting others know and love. <br /> <br /> Although Sophia Miles and Ron Cook It's great as Miss Penelope And Parker, they only have about three lines between them, so their appearance is hardly felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey is a boring person and only a few of the four Tracey boys People, while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley are Brains and Hood, respectively, are embarrassing. Especially the hat is not dangerous or scary at all and turns into a two-bit villain who is a crazy person like two people like limp rotten lettuce. <br /> <br /> Brady Corbet, Alan Tracy player May be a good young actor But it was hard to see that in the movie he had acted as a satirical boy who just satirized, and the same thing happened with Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin Tin because most people It is all for the 'girl power'. Ironically, it was Farron Fenton's young man who was the only interesting character of this film because Fulton gave a natural and relaxed performance. <Br /> <br /> 'Thunderbird' series will be remembered forever Can give a stable performance! The movie "Thunderbird" will be the most forgotten and can only be remembered in a few of the big failures.
