I always think that the big box office box, most often there is nothing to recommend. But after remake from around the world in 80 days and Thunderbird, I began to wonder. For those who are unfamiliar, it is based on the puppet show about the astronaut's family that uses rockets, rockets, spacecraft and sub-categories to help people from various disasters. Etc) each week (Replaced by a lifeless teenager) and as evidence - there is only one scene that cannot be helped and the scene is torn from the Spy Kids without a trace of imagination or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels that he was left out of all the help that We have never seen another Traceys because the father will not let him play with the rocket until he actually passes his exam. Located on a beautiful tropical island (There is a punishment!) His chance to shine is when a family member - a blonde group that identifies himself, which looks like a neo-Nazi boy band without any specific characteristics between them. Trapped in space and he must have a day with, uh, running around the forest, making phone calls, shooting pipes at funny clowns that are not powerful and letting them fearlessly <br /> <br /> Good scores are away. Not too much One of them is that most movies are in focus. Another thing is that they all have to go to the good looking Seychelles. <br /> <br /> Bad point: where to start? The lowest performance in Ben Kingsley's career? Comedian, comical relief, inappropriate, loud to tarnish the film foundation for the worst children? The lack of integrity of the action or the effects of the sci-fi movie for $ 70m? Scary scripts, lifeless directions, nasty morals? But the most important is the fact that this film has patrons in every way Forget the life lessons and confidence, this is a movie that is directed to under eight people who know that they are creating children's movies and often talk to audiences who intend to throw jokes and routines at the fifth rate. To insult most children who have just mastered the art of speaking This film can instead be sent to sleep. Early in the evening without dinner is a punishment that parents love for children. <br /> <br /> The greatest failure in British film history. (It doesn't cover printing and marketing costs) It is a matter to watch if it's just an object lesson in a way that doesn't make summer movies.
