Johnathan Frakes is a good actor, and when he does not direct the family film, good director But he shouldn't really direct this movie and the screenplay should be rejected The director and the writer must understand that the original TV program is really about things, including the characters and how they work. The original series has many episodes with sharp writing, using good conversations and situations that American manufacturers do not consider using to write programs for very young children. The movies that make the original series get Good feedback from adults. I mean, Tracys is a college graduate and some people drink alcohol and smoke! And there are characters that are killed, although most are bad people If they write it in the way that they did, which didn't make matters worse with bad conversations, humor in kindergartens and weak plans, the joint venture of the Canal International / Studio will not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This animation is almost pure insult. If you have seen the series Supermarionation Original, you know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that happens outside the venue and annoying is the reference to the Ford Motor Company. Even now, Lady Penelope is riding in the car. Thunderbird disfigured like FAB-1 instead of using more appropriate things when considering Ms. Penelope's station. (Not to mention the integrity of the manuscript) ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1 She should be a prominent member of the British society, so the passion for making the best cars in England in the original series. Another critic stated that Penelope would not be arrested in Ford. He was right in the context that her thoughts were riding. Ford didn't work. At least they may have Penelope in Jaguars that are made like FAB 1 because Jaguars are British cars produced by Ford but not! They have to use Ford straight! But Ford's product placement did not end there. The only car you see is Ford! Even the flash news shown on TV in the movie is still supported by Ford! Ford Ford Ford! Ford's distinctive car makes this film a clear marketing tool for Ford. <br /> <br /> The original series has a cutting-edge design for the 1960s and still remains. Even today But the modern design in the original series is usable because it is trying to make the design look useful and practical. This kind of treatment is not available in movies that have too much style to overcome the feelings of use and practical use. Many things that have been done in the design of the film have been done in a strict style many times without the feeling of function that gives a sense of style. <br /> <br /> The original series relies on Good show Showing the ability of the voice to overcome the limited expression in the puppet, allowing them to live in various episodes Great and lively music score by Barry Gray helps viewers connect with stories, characters, and ways that everything comes together to help achieve great objectives (Stanislavski's little dialogue). In return, this film Has a horrible show Anthony Edwards spoke to the brain that Bill Paxton was guilty, while Jeff Tracy didn't work, despite having a good performance. (One of the few) has a better choice than Hood, Ben Kingsley and many others. It takes too long.) It's quite easy. The puppet is more reliable! The second is a song that is too plain and ridiculous by Hans Simmer. It sounds like a combination of "Days of Thunder" and "Apollo 13". <br /> <br /> And of course, the hood. In the original series, there was the ability to communicate with Kyrano through the statue of Kyrano as a way to contact ESP. But that is what his special abilities ended. He is the leader of disguise and deception, which helps him to sneak around, not detecting (mostly, however) to collect Thunderbird vehicles for his own methods. In addition, he also used weapons for self-defense, including pistols and data collection using film cameras. In general, although he tried to steal Thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in 1960, United Artists released "Thunderbird 6" (the latest Thunderbird taken. Do in Supermarionation And as a sequel to the first Thunderbirds), but while he was the response of the International Rescue Team, Hood was not a villain in every episode of Thunderbird, and he tends to avoid direct confrontation. With the international rescue team In this film, he is clearly the main villain. But he and his friends seem to be more courteous, with the hood that has the ability to control the mind, including the ability to move objects. This deviates entirely from Hood as a character in the original series that may make children laugh and those who are familiar with the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust. < br /> <br /> But the 1,000-word limit for IMDb reviews won't allow me to show all items. So I will end up with a point that makes me not enjoy the movie. Actually, I think it's terrible! After watching the original series and movies Supermarionation (Thunderbirds Are Go, Thunderbird 6) I hope to have something better than this. <br /> <br /> Supermarionation The original is more complex and elegant than this live action. Jokes (and it is said well) - Kip Wells
