I am not a fan of the Left Behind book series - this book is written at the level of reading 6, without research and understanding in science, technology and politics. While the book was done to maintain integrity with the scriptures, their methods of fulfilling prophecies were often ridiculous. (Examples are their explanations for the Israeli / Arab invasion). In addition, the book also has a sermon tone that will not turn off those who do not believe instead of bringing them to the gospel. Still, I found myself reading these books because I was interested in the events of Revelation. For similar reasons, I watched the film adaptation. I am sad to say that it is a fairly mediocre movie. Actually, the performance is quite good for most with poor performances and more performances. The script is not quite good, even if it is unexpected when starting with the novel as a basis. The characters are poorly drawn and underdeveloped. The event felt scattered and disconnected. Sometimes the conversation will have a dash. At least this book is able to deal with hokey conspiracy theories. Here, the audience is left with something discrete, which makes sense that there are readers. The film's rhythm is still not good when the opening and conclusion seems to be very hasty and dragging in the middle of a slow invasion that causes blood to flow that makes you feel hurt. Music is schizophrenia Sometimes it succeeds in highlighting the emotions and sounds that are suitable for animation. At other times, it reminds me of sitcoms and mini-series songs. And there are other bits that remind me of the MTV soundtrack that is not in the movie I was able to rate the film about the scene of panic on the plane, but that other scene related to the disaster after the Rapture was far from interested. This film also suffers from the sermon of the book, even if your message is not the same as in your face. Overall, I found that this movie was as disappointing as the series. This is not a movie to gather around Christians. I hope this film will not get the attention of the cinema next year. It will be a bad publicity that is not necessary for Christians. For examples of interesting, clever and well-researched series based on the revelation that offers a realistic and Christian world perspective without causing the world readers to be offended. BeauSeigneur is a great read and Is a better choice for those who do not believe or who believe in quality
