Shortly after seeing this for the first time, so I looked again with the second film in the series. While I know that there is a third movie that I haven't watched yet, I'll check under the original name ... <br /> <br /> Just from the standpoint of production, screen writing and Create a movie This film failed at many levels, although it was successful in some parts as well. What do you expect from the movie "B" with a low budget? Not much and works from the perspective of production. However, the writing is certainly not linked to each other, with little character development ... what I expect when there is a movie agenda. I have no problem with acting ... The actors are strong. However, the screenplay in both films gave the actor a little chance to truly stretch himself. Because this movie is "Christian". This is something that can be predicted because you cannot show the violent chaos of "The Last Time" can be done without destroying ethics related to Christianity. In other words, an error occurred in this film that was ranked as G when the content, even in the most conservative scripture interpretation So if the purpose of this film is to create fear for people in the Christian faith, this movie should be scary, right? However, you cannot comment on altering the movie from the book without commenting on the book or in this case is a collection of books. There is a lot of content from Christians who deserve to make a movie ... but not a series. "Leave behind" ... and these movies eventually fail because, while selling the best, they are badly written novels based on theology. <br /> <br /> As minister of the ceremony South Baptist, I confess that the book is happy for me, even though I haven't read the last two books of this series. I have described them as good novels, and if the book uses the view that this is "Possibilities" or the interpretation of the doomsday in the Bible (Study of the subject "End time") I can live with it anyway. This set is divided in Christian circles because it promotes the "literal" interpretation of all the scriptures above. The hermeneutic is inevitably more appropriate. This leads to a distribution perspective "pre-trib, pre-millenial" Which limits the entire scope God has too much power by the world of humanity. In other words, as I have always said, God should not want our helicopters and bombs to do his best work. But because many people, especially Christians, didn't think The world is seen as being left in a conservative manner, about the interpretation of the scriptures and trying to push through the "only" interpretation. <br /> <br /> So the book has The agenda is not too much to get "lost" to understand them like Christ. But said that the views of fundamentalists were the only way to understand the Bible I remember reading very clearly. (Many years ago) in the second novel in which the character references the person "left" because he is not attached to this view As if the "true" Christians were worthy to "regret" could not be regarded as another doomsday This interferes for many reasons, at least because "Delusion" is only mentioned briefly in the Bible, and it is linked to true prophecy and the end of the real time is the thinnest. <br /> <br /> But the real problem With these books come in the way they divide the Christian community and the way they show the "true" Christian behavior. In the end, I feel that they make more people in the faith / legitimate religion. Instead of being a winner Causing all Christians to become caricatures, insulting and laughing towards the world, despite the theological rooms for various beliefs within Christian thought and practice As a Christian body, we have been damaging to society for more than 2,000 years ... and we don't need to promote it with thousands of people, or maybe millions. <Br /> > So the movie "Left behind" has failed because the book "Left behind" is not worth it to be interpreted as a movie.
