The Legend of Bloody Jack is located in the Alaskan wilderness and begins as a relative of a mysterious superstar, a logger. To revive him A great believer in family unity, Lumberjack's friend killed his cousin two days later. & Ray (Travis Quentin Young) along with his sister Dawn (Erica Hoag), her boyfriend Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) and his friends. The four of them pulled up outside the The Evil Dead ... and watched a relaxing weekend in the wilderness. Unfortunately, the Lumberjack killer shows up with his ax and starts killing friends one by one ... <br /> <br /> Edited, written, managed and directed by Todd Portugal. This is a rotten modern slasher. Flick the likes of killing horror genres. For me, I'm not a big fan of low-cost horror movies that have the production value of holiday videos. The script is terrible in every area for 80 minutes. It has all the delusions. The characters are terrible. The conversation is terrible & difficult to take care of anyone or anything in a worthless excuse for this teen movie. Teenagers are more annoying and stupid than usual. The script is more morally predictable and more flawed and the killer friend Lumberjack is weak. Then there is the last 10 minutes, which if you make it go far and believe it It's hard to create one of the worst twists in slasher movie history, which, as far as I'm concerned, makes us enjoy the paid audience. Just have to sit shit for 90 minutes. Now I will make the ending so that anyone who does not want to stop reading now Basically before the film ends, Ray cuts back to Ray's story. It turns out that he is telling the story of what we have seen & Nick & Dawn & everyone else berates him for the bad storytelling. Then painstakingly proceeded to choose a hole in it and laugh at From saying why they stood around and arguing why they didn't pick up an ax and things. I felt this was fun with the audience because it was something I asked myself while watching this shit & Makes it flow down to my neck & makes it perfectly clear that the creator knows that the script is disgusting & able to see all the holes in it & end up with a twist that rubbish 80 minutes earlier. shy (Which we just had to sit back and remember) was just a small grille. Then, in order to increase the insult from the injury that Lumberjack's friends appeared & killed everyone within two minutes, why didn't he do that? It helps everyone to save a lot of time. <br /> <br /> The Portuguese director is really busy. This is the worst continuation between night and day in the movie I've seen. This film is intended to be arranged at night. & I wonder if the manufacturer tried to spend the day at night. But it doesn't work & most likely it appears to be arranged during the day For example, look when Lisa is locked in the bathroom & she climbs out the window. Obviously being black on the outside when we looked out from the inside of the bathroom. But when she fell to the ground & the movie cut into an external image, it was a bright daylight Then there was the fact that Ranger Vince said that we couldn't find a party here until the 'morning' would show that it should be night. Then, several minutes later, when he went outside & looked like it. It was in the middle, actually holding a torch that was clearly open. He pointed clearly in the direction he looked like. Every time there is a scene in the cabin, looking at the window, it's dark, black outside & when the ranger walks through the door to begin with, it is also another clear example. The continuation of this movie is the worst thing I have ever seen. There are not many axes. There are some scenes in which the ax enters the bodies of people. But nothing memorable It is not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere & the continuation of the annoying day and night is distracting because it is obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically, this movie is very exciting and Continuity between night and day See to believe that it is not good Special effects are not good & they are not able to show explosive cars even though they are important to the plot. This is an amateur hour written from beginning to end. The performance is absolutely fantastic. & Everyone involved should receive an Oscar, not just joking. Actually, they are the most scary, even the girls who bust out are not good. <br /> <br / > The legend of Bloody Jack is just a terrifying teen slasher. It looks like it was shot on a camcorder without using a tripod or steadycam, but it has a dreadful frightening effect and a twisted ending. Or I misunderstand and it's the smartest Do not recommend watching a good slasher from the 70s or 80s to remind you what to do.
