I should say immediately that I marked the spoiler box just because I expressed this opinion according to the proportion of ideas that are suitable for this film's clutter and do not want to be responsible for some points by chance. <br /> < br /> This comment will be in the form of a damn, for the simple reason that I am still under the influence of this film, just watch it and the unique effects. This makes it impossible to sort them. Providence and paragraph structure needed for rational and consistent criticism That's not a compliment It is not the effect of drugs from hypnotic movies or is considered a real provocation. The collective sense of emotion, such as emotional discomfort, Voltron consists of a mixed confusion of anger, ambiguous desire to bathe, the innocence that sinks into true feelings of betrayal when they know. That they have received 109 minutes. Their lives are in the hands of someone who not only smelt it, but also do that in a way that is pompous. And I may not have done anything more effective than this for 109 minutes! But even though I spend time with little things such as blogging, the power of masturbation and online poker, I feel more fulfilled when everyone talks and makes <br /> <br /> There are many problems with this movie. And at a better time, I will clearly explain what they are semi-mature. But to treat what this film deserves, I think I should stick to the jokes of masturbation and cartoon references. <br /> <br /> The most annoying and terminal bugs are While watching this movie Realized that producers and participants thought they were making movies that were smarter than they were Demonstrates the depth of knowledge that can be obtained in one semester survey of Western art history at a community college or trade school, art jargon overlaid on thick and from all directions, mostly from talking between Our hero The tortured detective Stan (Willem Dafoe, which I forgive this film because he is Willem Dafoe) and an old-fashioned buddy who emphasizes his voice. Playing 2-dimensional plot devices in movies about anti-social activists in which murder is easy) and talk. In fact, we were dropped into this scene at the scene, which may indicate the return of Stan, a serial killer he thought he had killed many years ago. Partly through unclear past Merchants or Stan and his colleagues, Karl, are unexpectedly annoying (Scott Speedman) and even though I differentiate Carl's character (Scott Speedman) from an actor who played him using brackets. I have to admit that at the beginning of this film I despised this character so much that I really found myself (Scott Speedman) Not too fancy Not death or paralysis .. but may be herpes? Or maybe the lights on the stage may fall on him and squeeze his arms? This is a dangerous matter. But I didn't fix it because I wanted to let anyone who is reading this story that was thinking of paying to see this wreck of the movie that had a clear impression of desire and horrifying feelings. The quiet person <br /> <br /> Okay, I'm exhausted here .. Throughout the writing period, this feeling of sickness makes me feel worse. My head has gone a little bit. Knowing that I still spend some time with something related to this sh! T, similar to waking up after drinking heavily at night, next to the bounce pattern of a girl weighing 200 pounds. Your first is a great desire to escape. This is nature
