I entered the video store and looked around to search for horror movies. After about 30 minutes, I hurried to take it out. I stumbled upon "Masters of Horror" which had "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". He will be an old-fashioned horror, but I'm interested for some reason. It talks about Pro-Life in the case of being classic. Go back to the form for John Carpenter (I love his "The Thing", so I think this is good) and everything, so I think. That it will be a wonderful and interesting thing. I am very wrong ... it starts with an informal, just a girl running into the forest and fearing something The car stopped and picked her up. (Just being the person you want looks amazing, right?) They take her back to the clinic and examine her. During all this time, her father appears at the door and they don't. Allow him to enter. He is not as loud as near the area. Mostly from what he would do in the past But you don't know anything at this time. He doesn't want his daughter here to be an abortion center. He strongly opposed this act by believing that it was disgusting and not something that "God" wanted. He "supported" what I heard called "Pro-Life". Abortion and extremes so that babies were born, they were sick. They don't like the lives of people who are not yet born. But have they ever killed a human being to give birth? Justice is only part of the mind. However, following up after the women were examined, they found her pregnant. But far more than what she should be She was only pregnant for a few weeks. But there are many months ahead She told them that they would not understand her and she needed abortion and everything. But eventually told the truth that she had been raped by a demon from hell and her father wanted this child (but believed that "God" needed this child He was given 3 of their sons (they had a handgun and a shotgun) and started to enter the clinic. (Shoot anyone who does not cooperate) The head of the clinic that must have problems with them in the past has been well prepared this time. Ended by killing one father, son But in the end was shot a few times (Wearing a bulletproof jacket) After that, he would do what he believed to be done with women. He cut the hole that the vagina would be if he was a woman and sucked things there and sucked all this blood. While this was happening, she gave birth to some demonic babies with many legs and some demons raised from under the world. (Not in the same room) and started looking for their children Father saw this later and began to question why this happened. He did what he had been told to do and didn't understand why this was so. The demon killed his two sons earlier and now goes to the father ... while the girl killed the child and the demon took it. (Not in the same scene) <br /> <br /> Yes, it may sound cool and thrilling horror movies, but it's not acting that is scary and lacking enthusiasm. The drama is not correct and is not created anyway. All together, all small parts are not included in the wonderful things. I will not classify this as a horror, although it has elements of horror. But in the end they failed in what they were trying to achieve Feels like a short film "newer" by John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry that I lacked the information and thorough examination. I just don't have time to waste time writing exciting things. Sorry if spelling and details. I'm not correct. I don't want to research anything.
