* Many spoilers in this review * This movie is scary. I am an avid baseball fan so I thought I would watch it and I was very disappointed. It started out. Okay .. When I saw the bad influence DeNiro had on his young son, I hoped he would become a better father in a movie or something. However, at first it seems that DeNiro should be the protagonist. He was the only person who believed in Bobby and he had his lovely son that he lost care which gave me a reason to feel bad for him. He wanted to help Bobby by talking to Primo. When leaving, he mercilessly stabbed Primo to death ... not to mention the monotonous song. "I want you !!!!!" in a random inappropriate moment. <br /> <br /> Later, when DeNiro helped Bobby's son from drowning, I hope this film can exchange itself .. He can forgive himself for killing Primo if he helps Bobby's son, but of course this is beyond the depth of the movie because what he cares about is getting credit for the murder and doing so by stealing Bob's son. Crumbling cars and - Bobby just had to run home and announced that DeNiro was a "real fan" while showing his bite. <br /> <br /> Now we go. To a completely unrealistic scene at the end ... It poured like hell and we Expected to believe that the game had not yet been called. DeNiro then miraculously appeared on the field in the referee's suit and called Bobby out of the house and proceeded to pull the knife out and start to bet People who run on the field There seems to be no staff on the field. (But the police were walking) so DeNiro stepped up on the mound and prepared to throw a knife for Bobby when he was shot dead. But don't worry, this cheerful and delightful movie ends happily because Bobby goes to his son. <br /> <br /> This is not a sports movie. It's not about fans. As far as I know, fans are not a psychopath that threatens to rob and throw knives at their fans. This is probably the most sick movie I've ever seen in my life. The plot is shallow. The soundtrack is sucked. This movie has no purpose. I warn you not to waste time with a nasty excuse for a movie.
