The London Underground has something creepy about it, with long winding tunnels, escalators that take you deep and deep underground, and of course, mice use to travel in tracks. It is used in Death Death horror. Seventy years, the raw meat, the carnivorous tribe's story is in a deserted tunnel and the famous chase sequence in American Werewolf in London. So I was happy to see that someone tried to use it. Benefiting from the atmosphere of the tube at night with the latest production in the UK. Creep <br /> <br /> I think this movie started well with a high-performance credit rating. That was a truly shocking thing, followed by a scene in the drain that put evidence that there was an evil thing hiding under the streets of London. However, the Creep fell from here and I thought I wanted to close. It after this opening scene left me with a good impression of this movie. Every character became a person who was not sympathetic and unpleasant even himself. Potente and the director felt that had to hit our heads with social comments about homeless people. He made a mistake in the show. "Monster" in full fire, which he ceases to be terrible from a distance and reveals his name to Craig How do you have a monster called Craig? It turns out to be a type X file and warns one episode of the cemetery. In fact, I want Mulder and Scully to gather together to deal with them. <br /> <br /> For the infamous sexual violence, it's completely disruptive and unnecessary graphics. It seems that only shocking the audience is more than the actual plot value. The problem is that it is superior and frightening. Actually, it makes you feel frightened all the time, which is a mistake because it's only halfway through. <br /> <br /> You've gone. The only feature of this movie for me is the rare appearance from Ken Campbell. My favorite actor from time to time. You don't see him often. But when he is on the screen, he will act as a corner. Selection of him as a sewer inspector is an intelligent rhythm. Unfortunately, there is only one thing that appears in this movie.
