I like movies about UFOs, which is why I decided to watch EYES again after staring after seeing it when I was a child in the late 1970s and now I'm forced to write. Criticism about this because I feared that I would quickly start to forget everything about it. You will see that although the EBTS is not bad, but it is boring and gloomy. The story is interesting, but it's flat. The actors are good, but their roles are boring and slightly confusing. FX is an awesome amateur. But I can overlook something like if the movie is interesting, which unfortunately this movie can't be <br /> <br /> There is also very little violence and no nudity that makes the sci-fi movie of Italy in the 1970s was truly strange, because if there was one thing that made the Italian films created in the 1970s from other countries' movies made in the same decade Sex and violence is astounding. Oddly enough, due to the lack of elements to take advantage of the almost perfect agreement EBTS it stand out from the rest. I do not know whether this can be regarded as a compliment or not. Personally, I can enjoy movies that do not have sex and violence, but I think EBTS needs to use more violence and have sex here and there to enrich it because it's boring and very dry. And that special effect is not a special matter. <br /> <br /> The story itself is really interesting. It's a combo of THE X-FILES and BLOWUP. Antonio Nee: The photographer caught an alien accidentally. On film during the fashion shoot in the country The aliens knew that they had been captured on film and they carried out the kidnapping of the photographer and model. The problem started when the model found a man at the apartment of a photographer who had been kidnapped recently (happened before she was kidnapped). The man brought negatives and leaves, with no aliens. Know about the missing film The whole story about this man who wants to know more about aliens and secret spy groups that want to be negatively affected. Most movies focus on boring politics in spies and spies. The composition of the UFO story is almost unimportant and can be easily replaced by McGuffin. Any cold war, but as boring as it appears, is very similar to the X file! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this movie or not. However, the best thing in EBTS is that the POV is creepy and powerful. But the rest is almost forgotten, including stupid aliens. <br /> <br /> Even though I am the most negative about this movie I still remember an effective advertising campaign which scared me when I saw it as a child. And I own the video This movie might be more if it is done correctly. Oh well ...
