Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), a middle-class bitch who doesn't find himself sleeping in the midst of the last subway train and wakes up to find himself trapped in the subway. After meeting with a colleague and being a rapist Guy on a mysterious train that runs along a closed line, things start to change and she finds herself being followed by what is possessed under the streets of the city. Her story is linked to George (Blackwood), a former prisoner working in a sewer system. They met in the final third film, led by an attempt to escape the monsters that followed them. <br /> <br /> The couple proceeded through the increasingly unlikely places from Subway stations, they ended up in a sewage job before finding themselves in an abandoned underground surgery. Most subway stations do not have toilets, so surgical procedures are beyond me. By nature, this film has a concern to explain that the surgery does not have water. But does it have electricity Just one of the many inconsistencies that work with the atmosphere of confidence in everyday life that movies try to create. <br /> <br /> The monster itself is a problem. There is a lack of complete reasons for its actions, it kills people without clear reasons. And of course, it helps some people to live without a real reason. Perhaps eventually they can escape and give time to the movie for 15 minutes. I understand that the evil of nature is scary. But then the movie tried to explain himself through the photos of the doctor and his son, and the picture of the bottle containing the baby and a few pictures, and yes, it was tired and pathetic like it sounds. That life is underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicate only in the screaming raptors. But not long enough to make the shorts fall apart. <br /> <br /> This medical business leads to a scene in which the film's extreme efforts to bury themselves in your memory and while That it is full of blood and uncomfortable to watch, it is not enough The final third film of this story shows the emotional relationship that never existed before and the characters collapsed and recovered for little or no reason. George ceased to be able to cope with something, even though he wanted to escape so he could see his daughter again and Kate became a difficult emotional time after finding the parts. <br /> <br /> After starting a movie "This can happen to everyone." It quickly separated from each other because it presented a concept that made it more unrealistic. The lack of complete emotional interest in the character and the lack of doubt makes this person to be avoided.
