Originally called The Changer Nostril Picker, a tale created by a lonely person named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "likes the children" cannot interact with social women. He becomes a homeless person who teaches him. Singing a special hymn of Vietnam. "Prayer" is related to whistling 'London Bridge is Falling Down' while jumping around like a dancer Morris. Epilepsy, however, Ugly Joe is still trying and Hey Preston! He is now a woman. In principle, he must be a young man to attract girls, but don't talk about ideals here - this movie was created in 1983 and launched in 1993 in an ideal world that should not be released. <br /> <br /> The film Asylum, dubbed this horror hoku "Dazed mind Ham told the story, "It's worse. Nostril Picker actually uses biscuits. In fact, the damn cookie jar. Scary scripted dialogues delivered by dead actors, absurd stories and distorted speculations. When things can no longer be made ridiculous, the story disappears by its ridiculous touch. For example, Joe decided to kill a woman by turning back to his own. But I think he wants to approach them? Not the content of the murderer, Joe becomes a human being and eats his prey, which is only 3-4 people. <br /> <br /> The highlight of this horrible movie is related to Joe. Slowly (Steven Andrews) then brought "her" back to his apartment. What will happen next is faith ... Joe turns to be a man. But discovered that the prostitute was a man How did he react? In Benny Hill's fashion, he chases "her" around the apartment with the only Dicky dildo group to travel onto the blast doll. God knows what Patrick J. Matthews and Stephen Hodge are thinking. At least this scene paved the way for an invaluable time. This involves a prostitute reporting an incident with a police officer with curly hair with a 2-bit police uniform. Hilarious acting is a must see. Especially the inability of prostitutes to say "dildo" and needs "Satisfaction" <br /> <br /> In addition to the above events Do you know that this movie is not good when the DVD is very exciting? Usually I will fast forward to a good bit. But there is no place here The main action scenes related to Joe simply stabbing his victims repeatedly, forgetting the fast cut. Matthews uses the fadeouts (one scene during the stab scene) to limit any form of doubt that may already exist. One woman did not respond to her fingers that were cut into funny things. Normally, I would like the word "Uncut" but in this case they are far from greeting Torture in cinemas suffers even more. The whole movie feels like no one has been editing the Midsummer Murders, but less entertaining. I hate to see cutting patterns. <br /> <br /> In summary, the Nostril option is the most ignored thing I have ever seen since Richard Hammond's 5 O 'clock. Making it worse by the Tamil soundtrack and the poor voice dubbing Do not be fooled by the label of the box. This is not a classic cult, unless it is qualified for use. coit-horror-dvds-for-coffee-coasters Which I think it's done Unless there is a 30-minute correction. Stay away from this coma.
