Sometimes the movie has a unique character. The Nostril Picker is one of the films. The Nostril Picker is not like any other movie I've seen. Unfortunately for The Nostril Picker & myself, it's unique for reasons that are different from what the filmmakers intended. Read on and hope that everything will be clear ... The Nostril Picker, as it is commonly known, although it was taken under the name The Changer, begins with a very boring image of an American city somewhere, streets and factories. That way While playing the credits, when Nostril Picker started, we were right. The audience that was introduced to the real loser named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering), who is 40 years old, lives in a small apartment he looks at. TV eat beef cooked Dog food and listen to the old vinyl record while he beats with a rubber bomb doll Joe likes teenage girls. He has many porn magazines. But enjoy more real things However, being an ugly compilation, Joe can't tempt any young girl to go out with him or do anything else with him for that matter. One day, a caretaker, a Vietnamese veterinarian, homeless (Horace Grimm) saw the pain and pain that Joe had to pass. (In fact, he saw Joe being a policeman talking to the police to quarrel with teenage girls) and decided to help him. He told Joe about the spell he learned from 'gooks' in Vietnam that would change Joe's appearance into whatever he liked. The process he called morphosynthesis But at the same time he warned Joe that 'It makes you crazy if you do it too much.' That night, Joe decided to try in a public place on the platform for some reason. Joe said a few words, dancing very stupid and started shouting. Joe ended up with a whistling sound. The London Bridge was falling down. Yes, I didn't create it as well. At first, Joe was clearly disappointed when nothing important happened. In order to comfort herself, Joe tried to buy a porno. But was shocked when the clerk (Kevin Droy) refused to sell to underage girls Joe, his bright spark is knowing what has happened and speaking out, claiming that his / her father sent him / her to buy Joe, who is now calling Josephine (his face): Feel the possibility & head straight to the local high school. Joe befriends four teenage girls, Jennifer Armstrong. (Laura Cummings), Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia) Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Greg) & Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while disguised Oh & Joe enough to become a student. The school just asked the sports instructor Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). At first, Joe didn't seem dangerous enough. He just liked to walk around the female bathroom. But soon things changed into a brutal murder of Joe Brenda. Father of Jennifer Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is a detective with his partner, Ed Simpson. (Clyde Sirell) & Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) The pathologist is determined to catch the sick. Joe strikes again? The IMDb list for The Nostril Picker is wrong. I watched it a few hours ago and it clearly states that it is directed by Mark Nowicki, who is the producer and not Patrick J. Matthews, who has been credited as a producer & filming. Making movies is not that it will make a lot of difference. But I think Novicki will be more happy that Mathews will use the credit to create this shit. No one involved in the creation of The Nostril Picker. Should be allowed to go anywhere near the camera again. Nostril Picker is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's terrible in every way possible. The chapter by Steven Hodge is a vicious, no-narrative structure of excitement, tension, drama, character development, and things that have caused the mind to be dumb. The plot and chain devices of the events in The Nostril Picker are totally elusive. The scene where Joe knew about prostitutes (Steven Andrew) who he hired in reality. A man and Joe began to chase him around his apartment with two upstart dildo. The next scene, when the imitators report the incident to the police, were written in a fun way and made me laugh in a psychological conversation. I hate ending as well. But can be predictable But it opened the door to the sequel of the sequel. I was mentally confused in thinking only! At the technical level, The Nostril Picker is awesome, shooting spots & hopes, impolite & inappropriate, memorable places, poorly resolved. (Brenda was killed in the kitchen But her blood was splashed on the TV screen that was noticeable in the opposite room) from the worst show I ever sat & the special effects were not impressive, which consisted of a few cut-out rubber fingers and slit A quick scene where Joe ate some meat. It is not surprising that actors and teams working in The Nostril Picker do not have IMD credits to do anything before or after 76 minutes. Odd, Nostril Picker is far and tedious to sit through. I can go all day long about the badness of The Nostril Picker. I can do it. One thing I can't do quite a lot is the whole intention of the filmmaker? Nostril Picker is a unique film about the horror and incompetence in the case of The Nostril Picker. I hope it will be unique as well, saying that it's not the worst movie I've ever seen. But it definitely came close One that is definitely to avoid
