Bo Derek may have a career if she doesn't allow her late husband John to take up the position of director. It's a real shame, not really in the right direction and the right part (see "10"). Bo is ok. She won't win any awards, even though it works best. But she is not worse than many actresses who have created a great performance in the last 15 years, but in that problem, John is determined to ride the waves created by the presence of Boca. In her 10, Bo is a "perfect 10" "the hottest woman in America" ​​"sex symbol of the 1980s". The problem is in John's hand. This wave collides with a loud rumbling in no time. How many years Maybe he knows her limitations as an actor. Maybe that's why he created a movie for her that focuses on her body, not her acting skills. But it's really old, fast It doesn't help any matter that John and Bo Derek's movies are. (Let's be honest) Really bad and bad sums happen to them in Edgar Rice Burrough's literary icon, Tarzan of the Apes. <br /> <br /> Do you know what is bad? Worst? This movie is boring! Makes me laugh, makes me cry, just doesn't make me bored Not even the appearance and beautiful shape of Bose can also excite interest and that is what this film created. Richard Harris (God bless his soul, he and Bo used to be in Orca btw) Ham was up and made his scene at least a little interesting. Sometimes he may get the last laugh after being poisoned by critics in this movie. Miles has earned a strong career as a movie icon in movies that are not great art. But it's more than a million times fun. But besides, it's the body of Bo, and you can see it many times before you want to have something else with Tarzan male Ape. Nothing else. John Derek is a powerful actor. Indeed, he was not a director. He should be with his strength. This film unfolds slowly, dazed and nothing happens in the action scene. Burrough's Tarzan is about excitement and needs fulfillment. (Who wouldn't want to look agile, strong and look good like Lord Greystoke?) And have fun! You don't get this thing at all. Watch it and you will waste 107 minutes of your life. In the second thought, you may learn a valuable lesson, not dealing with someone's movie acting career. <br /> <br /> Bo Derek is not correct in my book. She stood by John until the day he died, loved animals and true nature and looked back with a giggle when she was in the spotlight. She also proves that she is not a silly blonde girl. Many want her to come out. If she can survive Tarzan and Bolero, she can survive everything. Come back to the pond. Everyone is forgiven. <br /> <br /> And apart from that, Steve Strong, who played the bad guy with Steve Strong, the same as a professional wrestling career?
