This is the fantasy of Tarzan in the era of Soloflex and Apocalypse. Now there is nothing wrong with using a movie that reduces moral limitations to show the eroticism of the Tarzan legend. There is nothing wrong with the evidence that Tarzan doesn't say. There are many mistakes with introducing women who can take themselves to the African forest in 1910, probably stupid and plastic. Bo has as little lines as possible when exploring the body, because this film is just a video that is as neutral as possible so that you can project your own image and enigmatic imagination in the project. If successful anywhere, it means that National Geographic influences the way the image of the Tarzan movie may be created. <br /> <br /> It is ridiculous to argue that movies should not be used to tease. Sexual wheel is one Many tools to attract viewers Some of the great movie moments are really included. But this position is opposite the spectrum - tease is the only thing that happens here. At the time of the launch and now You sit through scary and stupid scenes that do not pay attention and many bad acting scenes to glide at two bodies. Yes ... Bo Derek and Miles O'Keeffe are beautiful (congratulations to But if it is your excuse for giving this rating, you should visit porn shops and stock up. There is only a wide difference between the two forms and (I'm just guessing here) The audience with him should have fun with the latter. The question is whether mainstream movies are the best place on the market or not for viewers to find products that meet their sexual needs alone. <br /> <br /> As an actor, John Derek success The movie "10"; And create media events from the shallow water project, which the only merit is the heat of the two leaders The movie itself is beside the point. He was about 20 years old before he thought that the audience would applaud him for creating a superficial and shallow movie about superficial performances. <br /> <br /> As director John Derek wanted Only you Derek looks delightful, empty and capable of every scene. It was horribly shot. Annoying camera position In terms of editing, all 'deleted' catalogs are gone. Credit order is flashy. And it was the cast that made the screen worse than that Bo Derek, a brainless person who can't understand how to play Bimbo or Richard Harris, who shouts every line (As he likes to do) until you want to shoot him At the very least with Bo, you can imagine that she blames some of the writers who have him to make her shorter.
