It was a huge tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek were no longer with us. But that should not make anyone blind to the fact that in 1981, ugly stains appeared on the CV of both men. No doubt John Derek felt that the film was made for his wife. 'Some people don't like it hot' and 'One million BC' made for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, respectively, creating a distinctive sex symbol for the new decade. When running to embrace Dudley Moore on the beach in the reputation of '10' Bo, all actors and filming locations in Sri Lanka mean nothing wrong. Alas, they say human plan and God laughs. It said that when the film premiered in 1981, the land Edgar Rice Burrows tried to prosecute it. Bo Derek plays Jane Parker, who travels to Africa for the turn of the century, to reunite with Richard Harris, her abusive idiot father. Daddy Parker is an explorer. Which set out to search 'Big sea in the sea', local legendary material, whose existence is paved with traditional wisdom Harris is worthwhile to watch the humble performance, which includes Irish Irish singing at an Indian elephant that finds its way into Africa. (It arrived at the same time as Orang-Utan from Sumatra ???). Although Jen claimed to insult Parker. But Boobrich's relationship is an incredible incest, perhaps because of the testimony of the effects of tropical heat. However, not long ago, local myths began to spread to 'Great White Ape' and Jane heard the famous yodi. This is the movie queue for Miles O'Keefe. The B-Movie star in the future makes a rather strange debut as Lord of the Jungle wearing clothes. Unlike Johnny Weismuller and English Pidgin or Ron Ely, who speaks fluent language, O'Keefe Tarzan is dumb. However, from Bo and Richie's dialogue, sometimes this may not be a bad thing. Harris and his caravan came to the sea in the sea, which was located on a huge plateau that seemed to run halfway across the African continent .... Hanging without sea, lake and other water sources. In low areas? It doesn't matter. It's just one of the many anomalies in the universe. John Derek, the crew trying to get up on the cliff, and when the snap rope of Harris echoes the scorn of the miserable person who plunged to death. On another occasion, Jane decided to swim nude by the fresh water seas, giving another chance to see free nude photos. No male lion appears. Now the lions tend to travel with pride and never approach the beach. But later, Tarzan will fight with the boa (venom). The zoological python seems to be not one of John Derek's strengths. ..... This is the Tarzan movie. Jane becomes enchanted with the Lord of the Jungle and decides to be pure. he But when seeing his intimacy with those chimpanzees, you have to wonder ... speaking, which is not only the legacy of Edgar Rice Burroughs that will be sued. There is a very high possibility that some primates are calling their lawyers: Chimpanzees here make you miss the bad cheetah. Especially when they do ridiculous things like riding behind an elephant and clapping when Tarzan and Jane finally grab it! The key point of the film is Bo and Harris being caught by some meat-eating people who portray our heroine and prepare to sacrifice / eat / kill. She can say that The Great Wooden Ape makes the girl of He and * Spoiler * Harris makes himself a big elephant fang! This didn't stop Parker from dying from speaking alone to Jane. As far as I know, the law set from the industrial estate Burrows never appeared, but 'Tarzan the Ape Man' was crucified at the box office. (No joking?) Unfortunately, John Derek was able to direct 'Tarzan the Ape Man 2', with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in home happiness and Dudley Moore as 'Boy'.
