The production of television programs in the 1970s, starring Susannah York and George C. Scott, is another proof that it is difficult to bring "Jane Eyre" to the screen. Suffering from transferring to DVD - some scenes that are completely in the original are shorter and have been badly resolved until there are outstanding gaps and even important scenes between Jane and Rochester! But even if the editing is better than the movie, it won't be like that. The script is not good. The image of the character is not true with almost all the novels and actors. For this reason, there is no sense of watching the adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel. But there will be some scenes that are shortened or released - this is the case with short adaptations - but the rest of the scenes do not capture the tone, atmosphere and concept of the entire novel. <br /> <br /> For example Jane Eyre makes Gateshead complete and begins with Jane's arrival at Lowood, while this is completely correct because some scenes have to be left unnecessarily and therefore cannot be understood. Instead of spending that has received (so to speak) and a display of friendship with Jane Helen thoroughly. The stoic doctrine of Christianity that she taught her, the film almost focused on keeping Helen's body bad. What Helen had to suffer was not good enough, as described in the novel. But here, Miss Cat Card shows that it is a sadistic patient who wants to drive Helen to premature death. And this is all happening at Lowood. If you compare that to the deep effects of the time when Lowood has been with Jane in the novel, you can specify with regret that the movie didn't touch the surface of that episode in Jane's life. This is a problem in this adjustment: it runs from one scene to another, often without having to go through changes. The dialogue is a strange mixture of lines and lines from mixed-up novels, and the scenes between Jane and Rochester are shortened so that both of them share only 5 minutes on the screen before they fall in love and less. The dialogue they have has no meaning, violence and humor of the dialogue between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But not only the screenwriter But the language of Brontë is not justified But also destroying her virtue with one sentence When Rochester and Jane met Rochester's wife after the wedding, Rochester said: "But I used to love you. (His wife) while I love you now "The whole moral concept of the novel is based on the fact that Rochester is the innocent victim of a moral project and is trapped in marriage. With a crazy woman he never loved and his efforts in seeking a true life partner are According to the laws of God and of men But can understand and forgive! But this sentence completely undermines the whole moral concept of Brontë and transforms Rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new wife because his old one is no longer used to him. <br /> <br /> From mistakes About the script, the error about casting: Now I have never been one of those who confirm the physical similarities between the actors and the literature that he portrayed. But there is no imagination to be a pretty, beautiful, blue-blonde image - Susannah York and mouthed as a normal heroine of the novel. In addition, Ms York was still in her thirties when the film was shot. And see Played by her, the shy and reserved young woman of the novel became a perfectly balanced, elegant and mature woman, confident in herself and her price completely. I didn't say that Susannah York played poorly and reliably. But the woman she performed was not Jane Eyre of Brontë in the selection of George C. Scott, while Rochester must be inspired by the desire to have Rochester, which looks old enough to make a difference between 18 years of age between Jane and Rochester. Scott looked as if he was about 50, but acted in various scenes as if he were 70 years old. <br /> <br /> To compliment the "maturity" of top performers, wishes, desires and The desperation seems to have been deliberately pulled out of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the marriage, the emotional climax of the novel, became a calm and rational dialogue between the two middle-aged people at the end. Roche's Peter falls asleep When Jane came back to him in the final scene, he was greeted like a grandfather who had just been visited in an old man's house by his favorite granddaughter. The only character that shows the right amount of emotion is St. John from all people. Ian Bannen plays him enthusiastically, and his enthusiasm for Jane's love is so impressive that he gets the impression Bannen is creating. Replica of St. John's at Rochester in the novel But the good thing, even though Bannan is his Saint John, is far from Jane's novel in New York and Scott Rochester's. The only disappointing feature of "Jane Eyre" is the location and rating, and I recommend this production to those who want to watch and compare all the "Jane Eyre" modifications.
