Violence, whether true or not, affects In this film, the violence is as cruel as you can ask. In the Great Ecstacy, the director has demonstrated the intensity of violence that people can do. But what is the point? Violence seems to be a combination of 'Irreversible' by Noëe and Kubrick's 'Clockwork Orange' ... both of which are outstanding movies. Do not understand me wrong, I do not resist violence against the screen, and I have seen many nasty things in my movies for many years. But this movie is a combination of children and youth The story was not developed enough to give any reason for extreme violence. Some reasons we gave to Robert's death were the introduction of his medicine. Danny Wonder plays the character responsible for Robert's death. But he was on the screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville was not able to cope with Robert's mother. I'm not sure what these actors were doing in a low-caliber movie. Acting as a scene in the kitchen along with the TV cook and his wife is a pain to watch if not more than a shocking ending - who wrote those conversations! Some comments that children do ... 'It looks like she's enjoying it.' It's so boring to be tempted to laugh if it's not because of Clay's strong desire to bomb us with harrowing images. Of the female genitals that were destroyed Why do we need to show such details? It may be possible that the obsession of teenage directors with sadistic pornography ... We can wonder in the psychology of this young man. <br /> <br / > 'Political meaning' of the movie over and over again Brought to our attention due to the number of scenes In a bar outside the home of the television program, reporting war in Iraq is perhaps too obvious in my opinion. Yes, the war is violent at the social level causing dissatisfaction. We all tend to act horribly violently, whether you're in politics or on the road that is emerging. E. Juxtaposing All of these things that are part of Of the same basic problems Is the meaning of violence in humans This problem is one thing that we still can't understand and certainly not in this movie. <br /> <br /> My opinion: Derivative that is bad and useless.
