I am always careful not to like movies immediately. Take a look a month later and you may see it differently or dig it up after 50 years on another continent and some cult followers find some amazing things that are not observed at first. After sitting through Robert Carmichael's The Great Ecstasy at the premiere in the UK, I was not surprised that I found the question and answer after that, so it's more interesting than this film. Shane Daniel Jensen (Artistic director of the Edinburgh International Film Festival) received help from the director and producer to provide a lively defense of the film rather than receiving an overall negative response from the audience. The audience of the Edinburgh Festival was not easily shocked. There is only one person who walks out with disgust. The criticism of the film includes poems that are created and created by the general public, including actors and women who teach film directors. This is not a movie that is 'shocking' too much. There is a level of sexual violence that doesn't stop. But less severe than many movies (Most of the real weapon touches are obscured as with the stimulated genitals.) The audience doesn't like it because they sit for two hours, which is quite boring that the performance standards are not high that the plot is not good. Pulled out and that they had to face the clumsy and pretentious movie making Promise of a controversial movie The parable of the war in Iraq is planned, focused and very sloppy. (In addition to the general reference to violence, the more profound meaning is not clear) and the reference to the "fig" Marquis de Sade, one of the audience members, seems to be an excuse for development. Plot to the end <br /> <br /> We have stories of teenagers who have A number will give him (He distinguished himself at the school for his musical abilities) but used drugs and went out with young people with little or nothing to give them and criminal activities that extend to rape and violence. When pushed, Robert seems to have a lot of violence, locked inside him. <br /> <br /> This film doesn't do anything without merit. The audience was left to decide how Robert went that way: Is it the influence of those around you? Why are all the great influences and concerns from parents and teachers unable to combine them in a better way in life? Cinematically There are carefully crafted scenes where he hangs back. (Whether too much drug abuse, embarrassment, immoral feelings, or just waiting for his eyes), many of his friends are raping a woman in the back room, glimpse and framing in the center of the screen. In the foreground of the bare bones, DJ is worried that the girl's screaming interrupts the music in his home, more than any other thought for women. Eventually he felt a little annoyed if their activities attracted police attention. Completely juxtaposition of the enjoyment of his music, even when he knew that rape was taking place, insulting him in an insecure way. Robert collapsed in front of me. <br /> <br /> But the rest of the film includes the climax that is related to sexual violence. (If not too realistic) is not standard Some people have a violent reaction to it. (Such intentions of the filmmakers: "If they vomit, we succeed in creating a reaction") but mostly - and as far as I can tell that the reaction of Edinburgh seems to reflect reports from the city. Cannes - they feel "Why do programmers make us make lower quality movies?" Clay Hughes director can talk. But did not develop an artistic vision His answer was about holding a mirror to tell the truth about things that were swept under the carpet, even his little developmental defenses because he didn't want to make a standard Hollywood movie - All are good answers for criticism. Unfortunately, they do not apply to their movies more than they do with the mirror while some people defecate or spoil the film while playing inappropriate symbols. I want to talk to him for a few minutes after the screening. But I found him disgusting like his movie, and soon he moved to the bar to wash his mouth with something more important. There are many truths. One aspect of art is to educate one another to create entertainment and inspiration. I asked him if he had a social or political agenda, and he spoke of Ken Loach (one of many great names that he was useless) without going as far as accepting any agenda. Then he went back. At his mantra about his work to tell the truth I left the feeling that this was a project that was too unexpected for a new director or otherwise an unsatisfactory attempt to put myself on the map with a second public engagement. br>> <br /> Andy Warhol soup and it is art. Clay Hugh wants to imitate the excellent director who creates movies that debate and push the boundaries. Sadly, his ability now only covers excuses that cause high voices for movies that require publicity.
