I'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie. But a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. While I hope that at least the story will surprise me. But knew that it wasted no time there I stayed just because I had a performance again after that. <br /> <br /> Design: Some designs are quite beautiful, mostly in the environment. But the character is poor in terms of animation and design They look good while still - on posters and screen shots. But not when having to come alive! They do not work, mostly because of the same mistakes that most 3D companies do: technically, it's very difficult to create natural materials in 3D that will make you feel that the characters are still alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (because of money) to create something that feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. Those characters in the movie are made of "cloth" and that doesn't work! So they felt the coldness of the computer fabrication, which stretched or squeezed like a plastic. It doesn't have the feeling of material made from dolls. (That's what those characters mean) I think it's a big mistake to choose this style for the characters. It's the feeling of a computer game 3D shoot'n'run. I don't want to go to the cinema to play computer games on my screen. Don't know about you ... <br /> <br /> Animation is Embarrassing story as well I am a professional animator and feel very disappointed at the low animation level in "9". It is boring, almost boring, lacking imagination or emotion. It's just a little above the average three-dimensional animation that I see and that doesn't add anything ... <br /> <br /> And all that - bad character design and non-animated images Well, can fix it too. It's good, right ?! That's not the case here. In fact, the story is the worst thing in that movie. What level is it below? It started straight ahead. It was straight forward and it ended up too. No twists, no surprises, no good conversations, even without development. We hear and see the story of thousands of machines that keep pace with humanity thousands of times, and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it will end in the first minute of this film. The characters don't have time to go into the story - they are there, show themselves almost immediately, and some of them perform without knowing what happened. It doesn't work. There are also action scenes. Repeatedly, many scenes that look like they were created to fill the time of lack of stories ... <br /> <br /> Actions, sounds and chapters - Oh wow, what can I do? Said it was pathetic Bad stories have bad scripts and except dialog boxes like "No, don't do it!" "I'll do it!" "But ... You can't do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we have to help him!" Others and repeat themselves all the time, so apart from those terribly pathetic conversations, there is no "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh" and "Ehh" and "Oooh" and "Whatchout" and "Run" And "OhOhh!" That tracks almost every character's jumping, running or falling, and it sounds as if they lack coordination or even /> <br /> summary does not understand <br: the poor, the animation is bad, bad sound. Bad script, bad character, everything expected, no surprises, no twists, nothing. Some good designs are not worth the big time!
