I can't believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov are serious. The two people I love sign in to produce this shit. Tim Burton is a great director. But to be honest, I lost his interest for a while, because his latest movie was rebuilt or adapted. He created the wonderful "Nightmare Before Christmas", which I watched many times and directed movies like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which is a great movie. Bekmambetov directed 3 movies I liked: Night Watch, Day Watch and Wanted. I only saw three of them. But they proved that he was a great director. <br /> <br /> These two people created one of many reasons I was excited to see. 9. So today I went to see it at the theater in I finally got excited until I saw it. I waited 7 months to get this movie. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first time I walked out of a movie related to Tim Burton and said that "I enjoy it almost without it." I felt heartbroken even though I felt that way. I mean with him and Beck Mambetov as the producer. You expect this movie to look good. Now I can't understand how this movie disappointed me. I've never even heard of the original short film. But now I can say that this movie should be a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp created Alive's wonderful full-length remake in Joburg, entitled District 9. The very difficult thing to get about 9 ?? ? I would like to think that this movie is great. I really do, but it doesn't fail at many levels. <br /> <br /> The storyline is very confusing and unrelated. I don't know what is going on alone. What is it about? Basically it's about a piece of robot that tries to save the world. Okay, that's what I got from it. But writing here is terrible. All movies jump around like 6 years old with A.D.D. tell stories. There are 9 giant giant monster robots that wake up to the destruction and various objects. That is the main villain. However, there is nothing wrong with this movie, where everything happens. There are too many monster robots, most of which do not have logical explanations. They have 0 developments. I mean, flying a pterodactyl like a monster rips out from where we don't know where it came from and Acker expects. Let us know what it is. What is even more irresistible is a snake-like creature with hypnotic eyes that are hypnotized. I dare give that explanation to others who are loud and expect that they will not laugh. The three people I told about it laughed out. Oh, then it wrapped the victim and sewed it inside me. No. KIDDING <br /> <br /> The twist in Act III is the slowest view of all movies. So, in general, 9 returned to the room where he woke up to find this box with a hologram from the scientist in there for 9, and he told him that a scary big machine robot was designed to lead the robot life Come to the world But then the evil man Use it for war and it should help protect the world But after that, the scientist gave his life up to 9 so that it could help protect the world. And he just talked about giving his life up to 9. But what about other robots? Who gave their lives to them ???????? This is a perfect example of writing in a hurry. There is only one thing that has life that exists. So what are the other 8 people getting their lives ??????? The characters are not favorite. They risked their lives without reason. The only good character is 7. 6. I was annoyed when he "Back to the source !!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is a stupid idiot. 2 We don't know anything. About 5 people bother me. "Are you sure ..." or "I'll stay at Can this be replaced? "Question and end? Uh. I am glad that I am not the only one who thinks that the ending is a great time. WTF <br /> <br /> There is nothing to redeem this idea except beautiful animation. Everything looks realistic and beautiful. I like the look that is depressed and depressed in everything. However, beauty can't record good movies. <br /> <br /> While it's true that this movie looks so beautiful. But it's pretty, and 9 is crouched. I'm sure Burton fans will flock to the cinema to watch this movie without a doubt. In fact, his name and Bekmambetov are thrown around the promotion. People will flock to the theater to watch this movie. I know I can do a lot. But watching this movie made me realize that I hate movies that have different characters, no plot that doesn't exist, and pure style over content. And this movie is one of those movies
