First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you have never heard the true story of Gram Parsons, it may be a sensible enjoyment. Johnny Knoxville cannot be truly criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - he is quite good at looking relaxed and down to earth and You can sort of root for everyone who has long suffering for him. Michael Shannon is credited for the very same reason, except that he is a hippie stoner. There are good funny scenes, each scene - hippie-hers colliding with the airport's hanging door. But that is a good thing, and we start to see aspects that make this movie truly disappointing. Robert Forster's character, as the true father of Graeme, is a very embarrassing invention that has shown the entire film. We all know that his true father killed himself when he was a child - something that can be compared to the life of Gram on the side by a better filmmaker. Having Forster as his true father and not his stepfather would not be good enough, if not for the problems that had been known to Gram and the man who flew to collect his body. It was suggested that his stepfather accepted the provision of Gram's alcoholic drink while she was dying and was angry with Cram when he knew this. Arguing that Graeme's body was buried somewhere, it would be reasonable to not create a kind father who was paired with his partner and inquired. But then allowed them to go ahead with burning Regardless of the truth about the man who received the name Parsons from where he was, there was no resemblance to Forster's character here and it was difficult to see why this chapter was written. Then there was an increase. Christina Applegate is a greedy chick. (But it's quite good) who wants Gram's body to come back so that she can start having cash in his land Her character and her performance does not exist and one thing is wondering why the director didn't just go to the whole pig and include a lesbian scene between her and the chicks playing with Koffman's girlfriend. More). When you think about the ingredients that may be used in a good movie about Parsons, the shortcomings of this film are clear. Country music was changed by gentlemen, gentlemen, southern men - long-haired, loved drugs, popular with women and eventually destroyed themselves. Actual events such as the crash of hanging doors and truck colors and friends such as Keith Richards. Instead of these things, we have to focus on Koffman's information in Gram's life. Apparently Kauffman continued to beat the status of the cult he received for what he did. (Of course, he was a small cult). From the interview, it was clear that he was pleased with the interest. Remember that this is someone who talks about the genitals of Gram Parsons' naked corpse while he is preparing to lay down. The things that he does not represent a lot of loyalty. But it is alcoholic drink When looking at Knoxville and some of the directors in the interview, it's clear. Obviously they didn't really understand the life of Gram and didn't want to have. They want popular movies about shameful and crazy events. It is an amazing life with a strange end. In the end, the only thing covered by this movie shows that the understanding of Gram Parsons made by the actors is limited.
