If you are a big fan of Gram Parsons, this movie will definitely share you! Part is the movie of the road But most of the stories are incorrect, one of the most strange stories in the history of rock. <br /> <br /> Spoiler - <br /> <br /> In general, the story is related to the headmaster. Well known as Phil L. (played by Johnny Knoxville), who made a contract with "cult" rock / country / folk music hero Graeme Parsons when one of them lost. First life (It doesn't matter who it is) Another person is life. To bring the dead out to the Joshua Tree National Park in California right and lay the bodies to blaze ... to unleash the spirit and become one with the world and more! Be sure to keep his words quietly, like Kaufman, with the help of his own hatred, friends, potter's head, the body of the late Parsons, who had a serious overdose from drugs and boredom. From the airport And shortly thereafter, what followed was the combination of the novel and the truth that Parsons, Koffman's girlfriend, Parsons girlfriend, confronted with the stone father and the police and other silly characters trying to overcome. Watch (like that) in trying to catch Kauffman and his friends before they have the opportunity to burn Parsons! <br /> <br /> The lack of direction of this film, poor performances and weak unusual tones generally make this film faster than Titanic and don't have to mention the great truth that the movie This does not tell the truth of the actual events that have occurred. The correctness that should be replaced as inaccurate as I heard them, including: Number 1 Parsons married at the time of his death and still had children. So what the hell is about the girlfriend. And the chase and what is not number 2. Kaufman's best friend is a willing participant. (Unlike the movie that tried to portray) in the removal of the body of Parson and eventually became the 3rd. Gram Parsons father. Real life died. When he was a child and it was Parson's stepfather (who was able to take care of Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in the real life that took care of his body after being burned! However, totally what might disturb me the most about this movie is the real Phil Koffman, who is ready to help with the facts about it. And even though the movie became unreal and terrible, it really confused my heart! <br /> <br /> In addition, as an actor in the film, it is the main character played by Johnny Knoxville (Phil Kaufman). Not only is a bad actor But actually looks like he is Asleep throughout the movie and the rest of the pathetic actors, mostly hysteria, brain death or as innocent as they were doing at first! Overall, if you like Johnny Knoxville and or dig a bad thing - they - not good - even a good friend flicks. I think you might be fired from this movie! But if you like me and a big fan of Gram Parsons, you will enjoy movies that try to tell the truth the most, especially if they are based on real life stories and you like it. Good movies, whether it be a movie, a street movie or a life story, you will really hate this movie and introduce others to do the same. Obviously I hate this movie and hope that it will never be built in the first place. But since it was created, I wanted it to become something different from what it did. Unfortunately! Maybe someday, the true facts of the story will come through and make it a great biography in Gram Parsons life ... not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it. But until that time, all of us, as the audience and / or fans of the actors who received it, were this tragic film and terrifying memories that were all around. (A strange story) about musical heritage. It should be noted that they use Parsons songs and a few others in the flick. But it's not surprising that you haven't heard enough to enjoy it even a little. (Turkish stars are zero)
