From questions before and after, this is what I can gather: Some Irish men want to make movies. Nothing special, especially movies. So one night at a party, he heard the former gangster tell him about the classic legends of rock and roll; One of the ways in which Gram Parsons's corpse was stolen from LAX by his faithful driver so that he could respect the wishes of the Parsons that he had burned in JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> <br /> It's a good idea for movies! Rock n 'Roll (good, country), grave robbery, escape, friendship, 70s! I guess we can take Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass" because it is funny, right? And Knoxville wants to do "movies" too. Why must he think he has "snatched" in his hand? < br /> <br /> But this story isn't really exciting ... We need something for Knoxville to fight like a spirit girl after his money! But Parsons was married at that time, O.K. We also received Christina Applegate, but what happens if the audience doesn't like the idea of ​​stealing the body? We'll let his father join the chase. But allowed at the end But Parsons' father killed himself at the age of 10. In reality, the status of a tragic orphan and childhood is an important part of the legendary Parsons legend? We're creating "movies!" This is a creative solution. <br /> <br /> It's an uncomfortable experience for anyone who has knowledge or interest in this subject. Applegate's presence is twofold. The first character she invented was Beverly Hills, a female before time. She might walk around the whole movie with her cell phone and secondly, what kind of person would Parsons be if he connected himself to That kind of harp? The facts are not just distorted or neglected. But back then They can easily find the criminals that they want. In the Parsons STEPfather, who tries to take the body back to his hometown status, the law will help him to share a lot of heritage. <br /> <br / > And music. Oh, the song I loved. The song was hacked (the bridge of the song here, chorus there), forcing the background, and in the end, was horribly covered by the newest indie star, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked a question. Unnecessary But can't resist after this movie - is there anyone who is the writer, producer, director, a fan of Gram Parson? Not at all. He never heard of Gram Parsons. Really, but of course, blah blah blah. I learned to love it and here are some factoids that I read in bio online. Another man confirmed Parsons' coldness by saying that he and Keith Richards staggered with acid and wrote "Wild Horses" together, which were mixed facts from the movie. The other person asked whether it was legitimate or not to write history when most people knew this from the movie. He was really allowed by the roadie (he was already set) and the Parsons Estate was allowed and others who received a salary said it was excellent. <br /> <br /> But what I doubt is that and Asked by Parsons' embarrassing shaking sound that was not really enthusiastic, if the movie was done correctly (million), did they ever think that the original Gram Parsons fan base was the audience? The director and writer seem to think that he has nothing without a fan base. But I wonder if any Mojo magazines are read. Rock music fans of the 70s will agree, but Brits' group makes me guess and they don't care about Cosmic American Music or even know that it really exists. This is not just Parsons, really flicking it, not in the right spirit - even if it doesn't match the legend At least it should have the feeling of one of his songs. And many people will love to tell. <br /> <br /> I should mention this movie, well received by a group of stoned college kids, just out of the hill and into Johnny. But if you're a Parsons fan, don't care about the title. It's just a movie for Jackass fans.
