Scarecrow is located in a small town in America's Emerald Grove, where high school student Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) is regarded as a local fool by teachers and fellow students too. Poor children suffer from daily humiliation, intimidation, teasing and general respect, breaking the abuse in the hands of those around them. Unfortunately he didn't get much support at home because his mother was a slut and after Leicester shocked him when he chased him into the corn fields and strangled the poor boy. However, there is a miracle. (Not this movie didn't improve immediately) The spirit of Leicester was transferred to a corn farm where the scarecrow, which he used as a corpse, to revenge those who tortured him and put his life into hell ... <br >> <br /> Written, co-produced and directed by Emmanuel Itier, according to the IMDb credit list, still has a role in this film as someone called Mr. Duforq, although I can't remember the character name. I think anyone who looks at the IMDb page for the scarecrow may already know that it is a terrible reputation and I have to say that it deserves it because it's terrible. The script by Itier, Bill Cunningham & Jason White uses the story to tell. Often, one of the losers in life was chosen and tortured without a good reason for revenge by a supernatural way of slapping a flick of a teenager. We have seen it before. We have seen the scarecrow killer before. We have seen a deformed teenager being killed one by one. Previously, we have seen a loser in one life revenge on him. The destruction of the villains that made the porch when they killed before. The only real question to be answered about the scarecrow is whether it is fun to watch the slasher-type teenagers. The answer is not resounding to be honest. The film has a terrifying character, a formidable dialogue, an unpredictable and predictable story. It has a horrible movie, like when the scarecrow kills people with a shovel that he asks. 'Can you dig it?' This film proceeded quickly. But it is not exciting and that killing will never be forgotten You know I'm still trying to find a way that someone can be stabbed and killed by corn sticks ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier doesn't work particularly well here. The killing scene is bad. Managed without any accumulation, which means that there is no tension like within two seconds of the character being introduced, they will be killed Also, I am not happy with the killer, the scarecrow, the friends who do these things. Go back & somersault through the air in scenes that feel like they are in The Matrix (1999) or flick kung fu in Japan! In order to give some credit, the actual scarecrow mask looks very good & he looks pretty, but he gets a little to do, except for one spout, bad liner, and a small circle. Don't you think that being tied to a corn stalk in the middle of the corn all day long? I know he is a killer scarecrow. But I still say that he is tired of just sticking on sticks all day long! There are no nudity & blood, not writing anything about the house, having a head cut, someone's face is burnt, someone is killed by a corn stalk, some hoe stuck in the neck, some people stuck in the head of someone. Some people have their hearts torn and some people have metal things behind their heads that stretch out from their mouths. <br /> <br /> With a budget that should be around $ 250,000, which Obviously being shot in 8 days, at least they didn't waste time on things that were not important, such as story development and characters. Technically, this is a very interesting issue. Shoot and hope to get the best. If you look at the men in the area just like you, you can clearly see that he is still breathing ... The performance is bad. The man playing Lester's mother wears the most stupid wig and fake mustache. He plays two roles in the film and the creator needs to disguise him. But they just made him look ridiculous and didn't start me with his accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow had a fun time. And the real scarecrow is a great make-up work with special makeup effects But overall, this movie was made badly, behaving badly, too stupid, guessing and wonderful. If you want to see a great killer scarecrow, look at Scarecrows (1988). Not to be confused with Gene Hackman & Al Pacino, Scarecrow (1973) or Scarecrow horror (2008), which is currently being shown. The scarecrow is popular enough in the home video to lay two successive videos, the Scarecrow Slayer (2003) and the Scarecrow Gone Wild (2004).
