Will we be honest? Al Gore doesn't have to worry about the environment more than most people are interested in dealing with foot fungus. It's a hook! Don't make mistakes, Al Gore is a politician! Three years ago, he was arrested / sold tickets in his hometown state, doing 70 miles per hour in the zone, 55 miles per hour, driving, not hybrid, Yugo or even GM Metro, but LINCOLN (go to Google If you want)! Or how about the fact that President and his Hollywood friends still use private jets to fuel up to the premiere of "The inconvenient truth" is very much for conservation. However, it only takes a few minutes to watch. "The inconvenient truth" is heartfelt & discover important fundamental flaws. While this film brought a lot of impressive scientists to tell the audience about the effects of "Global warming" that no one scientist told us of the true cause of it For example, I can bring hundreds of people to the parking lot and they can point out cars that don't work. But they can definitely tell you why? Generally not! The second flaw, the accuracy of the weather instrument, 100 years ago (the bathroom has not been invented). What are they errors in June in the pairing box? Even 50-60 years ago? So how do we know about the level of confidence that the planet is "warming up" when the record of yesteryear is most suspicious? Or that man is the only cause of it? The answer is we don't. & Science never has consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine published "The New Ice Age" The truth is that the 6th grade science teacher who specializes in Earth Science will tell you that Volcanic Erruptions, Solar Activity & El Ninos are involved in eliminating our climate change. Rather than being "Global warming" in the end what Al Gore failed to mention was Although America decided to follow the world-class gospel according to Al & use everything he suggested, how can we let the rest of the world follow suit when we can't make them agree with what is clearly a terrorist? Answer: It is a wish that Mr. Gore and you used to be vice president of the United States know about this! If the person who created "An Invenvenient Truth" is really honest, they will name their movie "Al Gore Wants Attention" but what I like is that someone asked the former VP. Earth (AKA, China and India) are excluded from the Kyoto agreement. However, I heard A.I.T's producers are working on their next film titled "Gnomes, Fairies & Elves: Our Endangered Friends".
