The inconvenient truth is a simple and ferocious, scotch created by a raging and stupid Republican. It meanders along the path that doesn't exist until it tries to stuff something. In your face Which is indisputable But anyone interested in humans is selfish, destructive creatures. I don't have to waste time caring about human extinction. I will call it "Natural progress" gives the motto to start. But at the same time, we must listen to the tumultuous politicians who have proposed "new society" again. Well, don't be fooled. All of us will still be controlled by the rich by the authority. And by the fool who made the first disaster Nothing can change. <br /> <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy appears in this movie, because he is driven by a car that is shouted by a consumer computer alone. He lives on the ground. Vast In a relatively large mansion, the land was used for erosion and destruction, including tobacco, tobacco, pig farming. (Which explains the traces of methane) and who knows what else, his wealth is the pursuit of his interests, greed and investment. Companies in the world with questionable arguments I hardly think that this man has the ability to describe the underprivileged. But his dignity depends on his opposition to other political parties that are ridiculous. That's all. At the same time, he releases those rancid traits that make politics and politicians shock. Bozo happened to live comfortably and Yet he described the poor in Africa about growing crops and cutting and burning techniques? He travels around the world in a first class seat in a jet that consumes fuel, using products placed on the computer and he thinks everything is "Moral Issues" He is obsessed with his own nightmares that have strayed. He said that he came to these conclusions because of the death of his sister. (From cancer caused by tobacco and the death of a son with every car) He fought with a tobacco company or proposed to ban a car because they were a dangerous hulking machine? NO. Everything has to do "economy". So why is he different? The answer is that he can't. <br /> <br /> His desperate and exhausting efforts towards humanism are all disastrous. This while he was filming in the forest Or along the little river, abandoning the life that has been affirming words Khun Gore, why don't you try to live like a normal person? He is a simple and simple politician. He has a career that invests in power structures. My question is, why does he focus on the powerful industrial countries of the world to blame for most complications? He didn't do that because it was not wise for him. "Investment in stocks and companies" <br /> <br /> Al Gore described the boring story about this documentary, which is a white person who is rich in the audience. Clap to the queue while showing charts, graphs, numbers and percentages and speak in a boring tone. No one without Harvard. (Which is a control class) education can be understood But he told us that everything is going to hell No joking But I think he failed to consider this problem precisely in the way that capitalism took over the world, that is wasteful and littering. He never mentioned how the industry created these problems. He only wanted to wear a bandage. But not eliminate all oppression systems Obviously he was destroyed, sent to a school for the elite and had a basic political habit as well as other inconsistencies in Washington State. Anyone who makes this propaganda, while it is no different from what Republicans think, has a goal in the heart that is directed by capitalism. That is to say that someone is going to benefit and looks like a politician. "New Green" that supports a joint venture company that is buying a lot of land in an effort to develop "The New Utopian Future" with "New Technology" It is the same old story. Al Gore is a believer in the elite structure. "Democracy" in the United States, which I find very naive If we don't pay wages to oil companies, we will pay for wind and solar energy companies. <br /> <br /> I found that the words at the end were quite rancid along the lines of something. GW Bush would absorb. With a stupid crowd, Gore talks about "People who gather to overcome communism" In 1990, things related to global warming were nothing. But he tried to make the emotions in his mind In the past, he did not understand that communism had never existed in the world. Systems in Europe and the Soviet Union were just a dictatorial form of dictatorship and capitalism was no different from what controlled the interests of the United States. Social ecology is not mentioned here, which is really imitating. If you want to change the world, then one must eliminate the ancient systems that are based on greed, exploitation and violence.
