Maybe the PC version of this game might be impressive. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it is quite messy. <br /> <br /> There are two elements that are available or likely. I will talk about the first person because it will pass quickly. First of all, the idea of ​​games that look like GTA games is a great game. Gun games are games like GTA in the past and unlike Mafia, but Gun is great. I like to see the game set in the age of the right mafia. After that, the story was well written. The story has a reason. It has an amazing arc. Use unusual equipment. (Most games are backstory) and it's interesting. Finally, some graphics, especially those used during the cut scenes, are impressive. Mafia's designers seem to focus on using graphics in places where GTA uses that particular character. Unfortunately in other areas, the graphics have a foul odor and I have quite a great game than the characters that look impressive. <br /> <br /> The game is what makes this game very low. First of all, control and camera are absolutely sucked. That must be the first point of any game developer. You cannot release games that the controller and / or camera can suck. Number One There is no reason why Tom, the character's player, is unable to control his full movement using the left analog stick. I do not like the settings on the left bar, moving the character in "strafing" style and the characters can only be rotated using the correct analog bars. Here not only But not only necessary, making the simplest actions become a challenge For example, Tom had to climb on two missions. But the game has been poorly designed so you have to control both the analog stick and camera. Then press L1 every time you have to climb or Tom will come down instead. <br /> <br /> Continue to me. Never seen a battle system worse than before. The first problem is that you cannot aim or lock any targets automatically. At one point, the game seems to tell you that you can use L2 or R2 to lock the target. But never worked So to focus on the enemy, you have to fight with the right silly analog bar and try to adjust both the character and the camera, which tends to float in the wrong direction or make Tom disappear all the time. At that time, you may be hit or shot to death. <br /> <br /> Continue if you touch or almost touch the enemy - and of course that will be like that. Or when using melee weapons, most combat systems consisting of tapping or holding the R1 are completely useless The enemy can punch you almost in the bear's arms. But you can't move unless you fall back Therefore, close combat tends to combine you to the left analog bar, yelling at the characters to move away, which will not do anything 50% of the time, then touch R1 as much as possible before the enemy comes in Close and makes R1 useless and if the enemy turns their angle into you at the same time, you have to fight with the appropriate analog stick so your character turns to the right direction and Rotate the camera is positioned so you can see just about anything. At that time, you may be punched or shot again and your only option is to try to move the character out again. My battles often make Tom run in circles around the area like a comedy, hoping that I will have enough time to fight with analog bars and take a double shot before receiving more mercy from the AI ​​for Realistic battles <br /> <br /> and the same problems and problems when trying to fight with guns If you touch someone half the time that the controller just doesn't allow you to shoot out But they can still solve all your puzzles In addition, there is no automatic aiming and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even if the sensitivity is set to zero under the gunfights option. It usually consists of you desperately trying to aim or move out while the enemy fires after firing. Put you Lucky or not, the damage that seems to be recorded randomly It may take one to ten shots or more to make every character incompetent and without any touch or reason. You can put five shotguns in the enemy's head and close to an empty spot and They will still shoot and hurt you. Game designers seem to be conscious enough about realism than they create your back aiming system, so after shooting with a powerful gun enough, your target will float out of the target and you will have to fight it again. > <br /> For the celebrated graphics, except for the characters and surfaces that you are near, they are really disappointing. Most distances are usually empty and often have And surface area when you drive. This city is not well designed. It's not versatile enough and there's nothing interesting to watch or do. Cars look slow and difficult to control. They also drive all the same cars. Some people talk about music. But that was a somber story Better work can be done at the end. In addition, as others have mentioned, the loading speed is ridiculous and unchanged. They tend to take more than a minute and occur between and in the middle. Everything, even competition. <br /> <br /> Overall, the Mafia port to PS2 at least seems to be very hasty. The game feels and plays like an incomplete hacking job.
