The performance in this film has a foul odor. The plot has very little feeling. But from what I gathered, it should be about this scientist who developed the ability to transform people's personal items into tiny iron balls that fly into their mouths and turn them into Is a zombie Whichever) and the effects are also lousy Most movies contain bad music, the actors have equal dancing with bad music, interspersed with many boring sex scenes. This should be one of the worst things I've ever done. But for one thing One element of cutting ability that makes "Nightmare Weekend" stand out above all else. And that special quality is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is a lovely connection between the daughter of the scientist Jessica and the home computer security system. With bald green hair and nose and a heart-shaped mouth, George is a guardian angel / close friend with Jessica, who asks him for advice on how to meet men in one of the most incredible conversations in celluloid. With his single voice synthesizer, George told Jessica that males need women in white dresses and the percentage of hitched hiking is the third best way after men and disco and bars. Of course, little Jessica seemed to be in trouble, causing George to take action. "Emergency program code: Jessica's defense" which resulted in Jessica's severe death to attack through one of the steel balls. <Br >> <br /> Kubrick is the most stupid person that Thinking that he can give a computer personality using a red light closeup, HAL should be a representative from our friend George to finally translate his sympathy for his death Light and sound performances at the end of "Close encounter"? Not bad, but this movie is better if the first method of communicating with aliens is George the Hand Puppet, Bishop. R2 information. Kitchen appliances next to George Almighty! He may be in the movie for only 8 minutes from 90 minutes, but don't be fooled. This performance is all about George. George worked with glowing characters such as Hollywood Montrose, Majai and Pappy from "New Moon Rising" as an American movie "George and Apache" ?? You are my hero
