I gave this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched the movie zillions and I can clearly say that the intellectual movie that has an intuitive message should be. Of course, The Broken is not a movie. I have to admit that this movie makes me think that trying to understand what all things try to lead to, and even with the explanations I have read in the previous comments, they seem to be exaggerated just to be there. In his intellectual league, photos on the cover clearly show that Broken is the top part of a broken face that usually has a brain. Is a clear message that when any part of the body is destroyed, the rest will be deformed and lifeless. So you start waiting for the movie characters to show their defects and this is not clear in any scene because the movie begins immediately without first introducing their characters and their lives. Although we saw the father holding a rifle when his children tried to surprise him, as if he knew he had enemies. But still did not have a very strong clue If the clue is more cultivated in the movie, who can say that it is an absolute masterpiece? But even though the movie is very slow But at the same time it was empty without any comparison scenes And the unification of the evil father and evil Gena at the end is clear evidence of the existing messages that some people refer to in other opinions In addition, if Jina actually lives in the apartment while her brother tells her at the end, how can she be evil? I bet that I can challenge any theory about this movie with many questions that can lead to one conclusion: this movie is a fake and a waste of time. Obviously, it shows that there are people trying to do mysterious things that are meaningless without anything. I am a fan of horror movies and is a special slasher that some people call popcorn. Horror movies should not convey a deep message! They should reveal the beautiful mask of life and show you the dark side of it which is true. I guess. Horror movies should have blood, screams, intensity, skeletons, organs and parts of the body. Because that is a true horror and it is never far from reality I have watched almost every horror movie and I can prove that each movie can be true like the sunrise. There is nothing that is not true as long as the mind is reminded. For example, the "Train" horror movie that has both slack and its tension and almost similarities with "Hostel". It talks about what is actually selling the organs in the body illegally by kidnapping. People in foreign countries <br /> <br /> And even if we consider Broken movie with existentialism, it is still not very good and the least scary. I like the addiction message presented in Requiem for a dream other than addiction to emphasize the fact that all kinds of addiction, whether it's sex, TV, safety / relaxation, etc .. . It may be my devastation. And people who criticize horror movies that are meaningless and commercially useful are often people who are easily scared and do not like this genre. But that doesn't mean that there are fans of this movie and they have Much to offer to the audience of adrenaline excitement, ecstasy, leadership lessons. (Believe it or not!) The most important entertainment, face-to-face interviews for the essence of life that is ugly and scary as it seems death.
