If the myths about broken glass are accurate, everyone involved in the production will now have to face bad luck for about 170 years because there are so many mirrors falling on the shreds here. If only the screenplay is shattered Like glass, so "The Broken" will be a great movie Now it is just a movie that is too unremarkable and boring with only incredible ideas and memorable sequences. Sean Ellis created stylish movies and photographed beautifully. But the story is lacking in clarity and lack of logic and explanations are all really disappointing I talked to my friends about the basic concepts and "meanings" of the movie. He thinks Ellis finds inspiration in the old legends that claim that watching your girl is the way you die. Interesting theory But I'm not familiar with this myth and can't find anything on the internet about this as well. Personally, I think "The Broken" is another form that has changed in the form of "Invasion of the Snatchers" but without the intervention of aliens. "The Broken" is the center of the McVey American family living in London and especially Gina, when the glass breaks down naturally during the birthday celebration, this will cause mysterious events and supernatural events. Gina saw herself driving by car and as reflected in the apartment building. While driving home with mental confusion, she caused a terrible car accident and ended up in the hospital. When fired, Gina felt that her surrounding environment was changing. She didn't know her boyfriend anymore and the debris of the accident flashed before her eyes. Did she suffer from a traumatic mental injury or a supernatural conspiracy that happened around her? Sean Ellis, the author / director, certainly aroused the curiosity and suspicion of his script. Unfortunately, he cannot explain the details correctly. "The Broken" is a true effort in the atmosphere and style. But after just half an hour of the movie, you will get a painful conclusion, it will still be in a beautiful but empty package in this movie with very suspicious content This means creating tension with the ominous song and the creepy camera angel when nothing happens before. By the time the mystery comes in, these techniques no longer affect you. Some people criticize my friends here, comparing movies and especially the style of Sean Ellis with the songs of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock. But that's the way, right? How honorable too. PS: What happens to other spelling? One with Scandinavian "ø"
