This film is boring and distorted and not boring. I didn't know anything before I entered the dark room, sitting my chair. I was tempted by the announcement. "Mysterious and suspicious" on the poster that I thought. In addition, Lena Headey was still a good and sexy man inadvertently, and Richard Jenkins was always a reliable person to have around, so actors seemed reasonable. May be his name above the name that makes me believe in this thing instead of something else I should go to find Valkyrie for the second time. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around Gina McVey, Headley's boyfriend, father, father, sister, and her sister's husband. In a seemingly bleak and merciless manner by their evil people who emerged from mysteriously colliding glass There may be great movies behind this idea. (Not the original idea, mind you, but still ...) And in fact, if the filmmaker gets rid of all the supporting actors and is stuck with the story of the character of Headey The Broken, can make a reasonable 20 minutes short. Because it is a very stimulating and inconsistent and inconsistent thing. <br /> <br /> For example, in the same scene, the mirror breaks in the room of all the main characters. They look puzzled. But quickly forgot In another scene, the glass broke in an empty room and the man was seen when she "stepped away" from the debris hanging on the wall. And why is the first mirror to crash if there is no creepy crawl out? Just for a little excitement There are many scenes in the characters in London flats that are dimly lit, looking around because they think they hear something. But didn't see anything and went forward We began to wonder why doppelgang this terrible person didn't want to try them. Scare the character and you have a chance to scare the audience But we, the audience, must start to threaten each other in the darkness of the cinema if we want to have excitement in The Broken. By the way, when we spend time with these evil pairs, we get totally confused that Why should everyone be scared of them? - They stand around. Looks blank on their faces. May not be totally harmless after killing others. <br /> <br /> Have a good mood and feel. I dare say that some manual and can make a movie director Sean Ellis mystery with style and questionable if he will hire a writer to imagine the future.
