A few days after writing about garbage methods such as MAD COWS and FILTHY world, this money was received, while Ange, Duncan and Theo were totally ignored. I had to sit and watch another British movie that made me scratch my head why it had been received. Some penny singles may claim that because DEAD BABIES is based on a highly accepted novel, there is a market created. But both this world and the human world have been adapted from novels and they are good testers. <br /> <br /> I read the summary of the plot with the elite divide to the mansion. Far as they were stalked by the internet. But honestly, this is not true that everyone expects on Friday the 13th. Meet THE SHINING will have to be bitterly disappointed because 90-95% of the work time is caused by the character that says to eat and speak. Talk about sex And what the characters hate as well Not one of those that is favored in any way, and within a few minutes you will be missed. Stalin, Mao and Potsot hope that the next time someone starts to destroy the communists. He will succeed in creating Anything that will signal the end of the meaningless middle class that the characters that show hate in this movie will be welcomed only. <br /> <br /> Not satisfied with the movie giving that the plot. The crooked story and the audience is not Connect with the characters that the director continues to do things with, receiving all the intelligence and skills. No doubt it will impress us, so we will fall on our knees and cry. "Oh my God, the great director, the way he distracted us with his high art techniques, and only the worthless excuse. Men are" I'm sure most people scream that "Why can't my project be shut down while this kind of shit?" Or "WTF is the last half hour of all these parts?" You may protect this film. By saying that the original manuscript cannot be modified and that this film cannot be verified I will admit that this movie cannot be viewed. <br /> <br /> * I know that IMDb is studying as an American movie. But the style and mistake of DEAD BABIES is in English in particular Americans may think that they have difficult things with Bush. But we have Tony Blair, not to mention DEAD BABIES, MAD COWS and EARTH. This world is not surprising that everyone is ashamed of being a British in the 21st century.
