This film can be used in film classes in the "How To To Script a B-Movie" course. There are inherent limitations in the movie B: tight budget, valuable time. (Scarecrow was shot in 8 days) and the actors were always green and inexperienced. One thing that you can control completely is to write the best script that you can do within the limits set before you. It seems that the scarecrow's script is written with a drunken haze. I can read about fifteen ridiculous scripts of this movie. But I'll talk about one thing: The Gravedigger. The character of the gravedigger is used in the movie for about an hour. It seems that he is not already connected to other characters in the movie. He appeared with his daughter who had no connection with anyone in the movie. Gravedigger received a few scenes to show his anger and then was killed for the body to count. Why should the daughter Gravedigger be a daughter? Why do they recommend so much in the movie? Why not try to make them part of an ongoing story? Scarecrow doesn't seem to care. <br /> <br /> Scarecrow's "story" is something like this: Leicester is a high school boy. (Performed by actors and actors that I want to date) 30 years old) that other children choose He is an artist that attracts birds and is interested in classmates named Judy. His mother is lush and the town is a prostitute. One of the fans who despised her made his painting fun. (By calling him "bisexual" to draw a bird instead "Monsters and Cowboy" If you have a high school student who still draws a cow, I think he is more gay. A high school student caught a crow) and later killed Leicester in the fields under a small scarecrow. Miraculously, Leicester's soul enters the scarecrow. In any way, this change changed the spirit of Leicester from an artist into a clever gymnast. (I know some reviews are called Scarecrow Scarecrow Kung-Fu. I don't agree with the scarecrow doing the whole class before jumping on the truck during The focus of the film) The Scarecrow kills people who torture him, who smokes a pot in a corn field, a person who digs a grave, the girlfriend of a grave digger. To the bonus feature on the DVD, the director (French) made a sudden rap song, admitting that he enjoyed having no executives around. He was able to confuse his wife while working and offered a price. Too (And I paraphrase): "Life ez a bad, but Ee has a great ass." <br /> <br /> The number of beers that I drink while watching this movie: 5 Can help: No beer. A lot of people want to enjoy this movie: whatever is drunk
