One of the five worst movies I've ever watched And I'm not exaggerating In fact, I recommend watching it so that you get the unbelievable feeling that you get from watching Showgirls <br /> <br /> from a score of 400. This movie received 5.3 / 10 points. But there are a number of non-proportional voters that allow it to be 10/10, probably because the film's message - nuclear weapons is a disaster for humanity. Chuck Murdock is a famous league pitcher who has stopped playing baseball because of his weapons. Finger cleared soon, "Amazing Grace" Smith starred as the Boston Celtics, who had been inspired by the story of Chuck and quit playing basketball ball. Soon all sports leagues, from professional level to college level, to high school level, to a small minority level, in protests all over the world. This inspired the President of the United States to meet with the Soviet prime minister, who at that time agreed to eliminate all nuclear weapons in time for the start of the Little League season. The film ends with the first cast, with the president telling his new close friend that he won't have to worry about every attack he threw because he didn't throw a baseball in one year. <br /> Where? Somewhere along the line, a vicious boss, murder, kill grace, grace When the president knew he was told that the FBI could investigate the murderer But will not be able to prove So the president called the mafia chief. ("But it is one." "I don't care, take him to the line.") And tell him that he will resign from the entire company board he sits and sell all the shares he has and not to get out of the line again. <br /> <br /> Actually, this movie is so bad that I can't close it. It's on TV from 2:30 am to 4:00 am and I watched it all. I was not shut down by nuclear weapons propaganda. I was closed by breaking down the unbelievable of all held sports. I didn't even understand why "Amazing Grace" Smith was killed, and with these famous athletes becoming Chuck's friends, why was his father constantly upset with his principles that stood firm? And there was a time when the ancient thought came to an end when Dad told Chuck that "I never told you But I'm proud of you.
