It was a real shame that almost no one under the age of 30 knew Michael O'Donoghugh's "over-the-top" writing - a magazine article and a live broadcast of SKL that was a genius at that time ... and it was It is really a shame. Take the opportunity to research his work. There is no doubt that it's an easy way to watch videos that lead them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This film has Clever elements that never believed Fully with the funny bone The audience was exposed to things such as diving cats / swimming with men who thought that he found the cat happy by hurling these kittens into the swimming pool, where the camera tracked slow movements and cut sequences. per Then we were taken to the island where the former fashion all retired. (Hula, rock, pet, wig, rainbow, fear, etc.) Then we enter the world of music. (Punk is a new genre of music during the time of this film), which "D-Bar actor" Rootboy Slim shows "Boogie until Khun Auk. "In his lazy style that is dirty and slim. Now the true beauty of all this is the background music. In different ways with different tools, the sound of playing and playing far from TELSTAR. For those who do not understand Telstar is the first American satellite launched into space and the theme was created to celebrate genius and victory. The human MR MIKES seems to have meant that it is a sign of the ridiculous loss of society. Now, there is one thing that the theater proposes that the release of the video is not a live performance of Sid Vicious (former pistol, sex, not a wrestler). Singing his version of MY WAY is very different from Sinatras, as anyone thinks straight In the beginning, I felt it was worth listening to ... It's very good! That is the sad part of the VHS release. Paul Anka denies the rights of his songs and the audience is forced to experience the silence of 3 1/2 minutes with the description rolling across the image of the sex pistol that is singing. <Br /> <br /> I'll give the cinema, let 5 or 6 videos be close to 4, and now that through a lot I can see that many people will give 3 or 2.5 if you want to see the script of O'Donoghugh that looks good. SCROOGED ... It's a good tribute. At up to understanding and human capacity.
