I may have to be dazzled by everyone on this site, but The Good Earth is one of the worst structured movies I've ever seen. We have 2 and a half hour movies that feel like three and a half because it has two movies in one. The first film tells the story of a family that had to move from their homeland because of drought and famine. They have to travel south to find some food or work. They happen easily to find a diamond bag, and at the same time they find that the drought has ended. Yes. With this knowledge, they return home with all the richness, goodness and miracle again. <br /> < br /> Well, that takes about an hour and a half of the movie, and while it's incredibly lifeless at this point, it has a good arc. You will think this will be a great place to finish the movie. However, the movie will continue for another hour. And in the rest of this time, it is a simple story about a family that has to face the difficulties of the world and turn it into a joyful melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Oh, indeed, and very old. Money is the root of all evil. Blah blah blah just because you know that creating an epic movie doesn't mean that your story will continue without needing more than ever. The main idea that I will gather about this film is this world, good for families and holding them together. And why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man who fell in love with another woman and why was the last moment of this movie devoted to a wife whose main character is not interested in most movies? /> <br /> Oh, wait, and the movie isn't the only thing that is not well written. The wife, the main character is not reasonable. She complained a lot about the way she was a slave and she never wanted to have slaves and yadda yadda yadda. So why did she wear a hat, she was willing to sell her only daughter to be a slave? Even though they were starving during this time of thought, it was still not sensible 20 minutes later. In this movie, she complained that she didn't want to be a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other movies from the thirties Should pay attention The only thing that has happened to this is the movie. The land was shot beautifully. Oh and the order of the locusts was quite impressive. Terrible in a movie that has nothing to say. <br /> <br /> The last thing I know, at this time, Hollywood is mainly focused on the stars and they think good actors. Can draw anything For most movies that Paul Muni shows, the Asian man has his best talent. But when it reached half the point that this film continued without reason, he lost it and became an old Italian Paul. So he looks like Tony from Scarface (like a better movie). Among the main characters in this movie, I think that maybe three people in Asia, the rest are just stupid Americans. Oh and please, Miss Rainer is a very good person to show the notes, not if I can pull the Oscar out of your hand. <br /> <br /> A good world is a time-consuming epic. If you want something in this nonsense to see a good evening, get the movie The Grapes of Wrath, a movie that deserves all the compliments. Mainly because it is not written by monkeys
