... because they are both pretty lousy I think the best part of this movie is the frightening image of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. She seems to be able to easily step out of that picture, tearing someone into a piece of blood and calmly into the picture as if nothing had happened. Now you know that the movie is having problems when part of the costume is set up to attract your attention. <br /> <br /> I admit that I paid $ 30 for the DVD just so I could see Faye Dunaway in Contemporary horror movies I know what you think, 30 dollars into a black hole that is gaping. And you are absolutely correct This movie There it was right in the open. I expect the real fear and I wait and wait and wait. No one is coming (maybe a crow in the make-up). Not shocked me when I saw a small piece of internal organs that didn't scare me. Scared me I didn't dare like that. I knew it had to be a problematic movie. Moreover, Jennifer is not afraid as well. Her internal organs were literally broken and it seemed that she was more angry. Her life is approaching quickly and she is worried that she will get more money. Darling, you can't get the money you will go !!! "I need money," she continued, ignoring the fact that her lungs collapsed and stopped working. <br /> <br /> At the same time, I spent time with the whole movie wondering what happened. What's up with Grandma (Fay). At first I wondered if Faye played grandmother and everything and I was still skeptical at the end. There is another relative living in the house where Jennifer and Mary Ellen, grandmother-from-hell, are forced to share temporarily and I think she is the same generation that Grandma said. This is a strange part. The relatives seem to have just endured her eight hundred birthday party. Mary Ellen looks like she has just received a face lift from a famous surgeon. The face of the elevator cannot work miraculously. But I think the appearance of Faye is important to the plot of rice paper spoiler !!! It seems that the family is full of illnesses that affect bad performances ... Sorry, my little joke. Although seriously, there are all the illnesses that cause their organs to fail and eventually decay. Yuck? Interestingly enough, Mary Ellen is still alive and all her organs remain. How can you avoid the curse of your family? Certainly something happened to you. <br /> <br /> Another reason for losing my thirty dollars - this movie is one of my pet movies forever. I mean, ending two times This movie ends two times. I absolutely hate it when it happens and in this movie it feels like the director is shooting the ending. I don't like it and forget to delete it during editing. I guess it's scary. But if you are a movie editor, <br /> <br /> There is one mistake in this matter. But and one of the reasons I bought a DVD, the description of "filmmaker" has Faye Dunaway's qualifications and I want to see what she does when she doesn't have a script to recite the script. Guess what - the movie sucked badly. I can not sit through again. DRAT
