This is the most frustrating and least satisfying movie of the Black Freedom concept, which is known as a movie that we often enjoy with our home instead of "taking advantage" or insulting these movies. Providing valuable insights into the era. Uh, not Bucktown. <br /> <br /> In this story, Duke returned to Bucktown to manage the remaining nightclubs for him by his deceased brother. he He quickly realized that the city was controlled by a completely corrupt police force, causing the blood to flow from the protection of money from all local businesses. Duke resisted and determined that he would save the city from corrupt police. Unfortunately he did so by calling his friend. (These people clearly explained that a former black terrorist had worked with Duke on "work" in the past) and they killed all police departments with cold blood. And indeed in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who did nothing to stop it Ignorance is not a reason for murder and it will be more fun to see police crackers having to suffer because of their actions compared to being attacked in the streets. While revenge is the most common and satisfying theme in this type of film, it is a far way from seeing Pam Grier following the gangsters who left her family. art work (And the reason that exists) and get respect at an unreasonable level, just taking the person in the back Of course, in this strange story, she is playing with a woman completely under the thumb of The Man. Fear of crackers that take care of her city and enslave her people. Her advice to Duke is "Run, man, they will kill you!" <br /> <br /> After the violence that is boring and worthless, we expect to believe that the mayor of the city will condemn. Duke's actions and his friend's heart congratulated them and offered to organize a parade in honor of them, as opposed to calling a district lawyer to press charges against the murder charges and sue them for being detained. Division Duke's family rejected the parade and chose to fill a large gap in the police forces created by their recent fun. They proved more damaged than their previous Cracker Police. (To speak to the mayor "They are ten times worse than we have done!") Duke now found that he had to help Bucktown citizens again from a law enforcement officer with a racket defense and make it safe for the proper villagers. In the business of prostitution on the road Unfortunately, Duke had already lost his moral and compassionate high ground due to the hero as he was a willing participant in the killing of the original police force. I would not have taken care of one way or the other if he had helped Bucktown or plug myself. At this point, I think we should have been entertained in a way that is smarter than Duke has to outwit Go Go Police. New, but in reality, this film has just become an opera of violent freedom, murdering old friends and all his allies in cold blood. He lacked sympathy when shooting police. Nutcracker Duke is a pig. <br /> <br /> Finally, when everyone in the city except Duke, Aretha and the local brothel's staff are dead and bleeding in the streets, the hero and the heroine. Our walked out at night like Even if they have admirable qualities or ransom; They do not. Duke is just a gangster with murder and Aretha. The accomplice, a young woman who activated him. If you are interested in this type of movie by all, I recommend them to watch Coffy, Foxy Brown, Truck Turner, Blacula, Sheba Baby ?? But in the process you should run across this DVD, throw it as far as possible Go as far as possible! Put it like it's hot! It should be treated as if to treat the glowing nuclear waste pond! No movie in the era Blacksploitation All that is not more interesting, fun and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this slime, written by and aimed at high school students.
