The night of the comet began when the world was prepared for a once-in-a-lifetime event of a 65 million-plus comet's passing year. Instead of watching the light show, Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decided to spend the night with the movie theater Larry Dupree. (Michael Bowen) in his booth ... They woke up the next morning & while Larry tried to leave the cinema where he was attacked & killed by the only zombies that attacked Regina. But she was able to escape by discovering that almost everyone on this planet became red dust Almost everyone, because of the only surprising coincidence that will survive, is Samantha, her sister. They search for more survivors and meet a remote driver named Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran). At the same time, a group of evil scientists want human blood to develop a serum to help themselves become dusty and they are looking for unwilling donors ... <br /> <br /> And directed by Thom Eberhardt, I found Night of the Comet is a viewing experience that is impressive, I was surprised with the positive reviews on IMDb because I just think it's a boring story that never lives up to its potential. The script starts at a speed of 100 miles per hour by eliminating the entire population of the world and attacking zombies. But then it will certainly disappear and finally introduces the horrible blood that stole the scientist to the end of the movie because at that time Definitely run it If scientists want blood, why have to shoot three or four gang members and help two sisters when they give more blood for their trials? Killing them seems to be strange and almost Commit suicide Considering that they need blood to develop treatment methods But it doesn't make sense if I die and you have to test human blood. Will there be five or six donors who give blood or just two? I do not have the fact that the two sisters survived independently from each other. I mean, what is the price? When Hector encounters a female scientist for the first time, she never talks about Samantha or where she is or where the underground place is. They bring Regina before she commits suicide. Hector knows. How are these matters? I thought that after the first twenty minutes that the film slowed down to become a snail and boring and boring after hearing many good things about it, the night of the comet came to me because there was nothing more than a piece. That is too boring from crap. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt works very well. I like the look of this movie with red red sky and he tries to create a unique atmosphere.Too bad that there are too many empty street pictures, empty streets of abandoned roads and abandoned buildings, and it gets very boring and repetitive. OK, we understand that no one else is, so there is no need to stuff it in our neck by showing the road without a car at all times. The zombies are completely destroyed. There are two zombie attacks in the entire movie, and that is two zombies, even though there are two powerful nightmares. Night of the Comet is a show of respect or movie that you like. Which is better than many other things, including the end of the shopping in the world that the department store quoted from Dawn of the Dead (1978) forgot about blood or bleeding because there is no tech /> <br /> Night of the City Comets rather <br great special effects team was quite good & very close to the road. The performance didn't go as expected for Maruni, while Samantha, the head of the airy blonde who became very frustrated. <br /> <br /> The night of the comet was a big disappointment for me. Hopefully, Persoanlly, I found that this movie is boring, boring, no events & puke, respectively, that makes my sister go shopping with the song 'Girls Just Wanna Have Fun'. It's probably the worst moment in this movie. badly Rings & things I just do not understand why so many people like this, I'm sure I would have been killed since the start of Cruelty to say I can get it ...
