I think one round of applause is the order for anyone who joins the latest Rogue Pictures 'The Return' movie trailer. I myself, along with others, were tricked into believing that it was actually a horror movie. On the other hand, although it is a supernatural thriller Unfortunately, it's not exciting. <br /> <br /> The star 'The Return', Sarah Michelle Gaillard, has been shown as Joan Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since Eleven In those days, she began to have a vision that haunts the murder of a woman she had never met before. While in Texas on a business trip, she was led by these images to the hometown of a murdered girl La Salle. She frequently confronted other people who appeared in her vision. A man named Terry Stahl, played by Peter O'Brien Piano is searching for desperate answers. A search that may result in her own murder. <br /> <br /> I don't really know where to start. Where should I talk first? Cruel acting, hateful director or a very scary story? No matter who chooses the latter, they just suck. Adam Sussman's screenplay is a misunderstanding. It's not interesting It's not interesting It's just not pleasant. I waited for something to start "movie" (I put a quotation around the film because I didn't believe that 'The Return' deserved to be called a true movie because it was foul) and at least Give a little chance of hope but nothing happens I was left in the cold until I could not stop. Not even the outstanding performances from the actors can help the disaster. Of course, they may know that they have read the script and accepted to do "movies". I think this is the reason why acting is so bad. At least that's what I choose to believe. I hope the actors won't be proud of their performance. They need medical help immediately if they do it. <br /> <br /> Now, the director is definitely not good. But I cannot completely free Asif Kapadia (I can do it, but I will not do it because I am a very good person). I watch 'The Return' as a test for Kapadia. For all of you who do not know this is a full length. His first form Documentary film ". He just stepped in and learned. Next time, if next time, hope that he will develop a lot. The only thing he can do here is to reproduce the visual style of Marcus Nispel in 2003, the newly created 'The Texas Chainsaw Massacre'. Now it's good that "movies" have been brought to him but unfortunately Still not receiving my praise for that matter Copying other people's work is not something I think is commendable. (Although it comes from a movie that I like very much) <br /> <br /> I think Jim Pulsezer, an American who has created a new movie, 'Pulse', now has to oppose the worst movie title. Of the year is 'return', it is beyond the question is deserved to receive names in almost every way possible Now I do not doubt that this will make it small and I mean very little profit. No matter what happens, it will not be over or even parallel to the success of Gellar's performance. 'The Grudge' in that note has the last thing I want to add. I can honestly say that I was never embarrassed to see the theater leaving the theater until I saw 'The Return'. That's what I didn't want to touch again with "movies" myself.
