Every year I go to the movies, I've walked out and watched the movie only once and that is "Stay Tuned". Scary. Fortunately, the cinema returned the ticket and I watched "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" instead. This movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick", a comedian that is almost uninteresting to become the second film that I ever walked out. "Dick" isn't funny at all. It is impossible to Laughing at AT, allowing him to laugh alone. <br /> <br /> He was paid to watch a movie with a name like "Dick", showing that it would be filled with ridiculous "Dick" jokes. Ended up very much, and I still have high hopes because of the famous actors (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc.) and the evidence that at least a live contract. "Dick", four predictions Funny timing rhythm that suffers from jetlag and some evidence that wears after the first five minutes. In short, it's a watergate scene from "Forrest Gump". Stretching - laying on shelves and mangled - more than 90+ minutes of excruciating <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main characters - Without a person who persuades the unconscious and gaping eyeball incessantly - will participate in the important activity of Watergate. Every time, you start to check the state of mind while performing: 18 minutes and half minus the tape. Kensington check; Deep Throat meeting with Woodward and Bernstein, CHECK; John Dean received a change of heart and was a witness. The process pulled out the relationship gently and was really involved in Watergate, and although it was an event that caused the revival of the event that led to the resignation of President Nee Amusing ridge But it turned out to be a drawing of numbers, a funny adventure selection, filling the gaps that said Very little and less entertaining. <br /> <br /> Even the strength of this film - such actors - it's not surprising here. The frustrating thing is, Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy, stuck as he is behind a mustache Liddy thick coats and confined in the film intoxicating Shearer mumbled a few lines strive to be. Looking from behind the artificial nose and eyebrows, then disappeared. Dave Foley, one of the comic masterminds from Kids in the Hall (the other two are Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney, also appeared in the film - Ah, the blessing of playing HRH) HR Haldeman, sometimes focusing on funeral plans But the most fun thing about him is the buzzing sport. He may be the most fun movie of all. And then there is Daniel Hadaya like Richard Nixon. Oh, I mean "Dick" (How funny is Haha). He manages to play Nixon, which is stable, avoiding pitfalls. (Such as excessive makeup, rubber nose and dentures as Anthony Hopkins) while preserving importance (The emptiness between tenderness and human cruelty) I seem to forget someone .. Oh, yes, two stars in this movie are bubble-filled teenagers. Can't remember their names, probably because I have tolerated their performances. Nothing is far from a joke; There is nothing more painful than having to endure their release, which runs along the boundaries of "short meditation" and "super-short meditation" with the occasional "pouty" thrown. <br /> <br /> This movie seems to be a bad excuse. The combination of the 70s soundtrack and the era of flocked clothing, both of which seemed to be the norm for movies and TV shows of the era "The Decade of Dressing", but the clothes and music ended up being the replacement for Acer for the true style and plot, which is a special shorthand that manufacturers hope to compensate for anemic writing. <br /> < br /> Possible applications for this film only Many years ago, when one of the great actors appeared on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien, this horrific movie theater excuse would be dragged away, causing embarrassment and hoping to be a stunned guest star. stun The sad thing is that the real bad guys in this story - writers and producers - will be far from the camera, staring at it may make a disaster like this. <br /> <br />
