The Little Mermaid is one of my favorite Disney movies. I'm sorry to say that Disney is completely confused when they create this sequel. I will admit that there are some good points. The music is not bad and the animation is clean and clear. There are some humor. I'm sure - I can't remember because after watching it, I forbid to appear before my eyes immediately. The worst point of this movie is the story. In this film, Ariel becomes her father. She forbade her daughter from approaching the sea. (Yes, with fear) Just as she was forbidden to approach the land. Personally, I think in the past, Ariel will keep her stubbornness and not treat her daughter like she has been treated. <br /> <br /> In addition to this truth, the sea witch (younger The abandoned girl, the forgotten sister) is more funny than horror. She had a few subordinates to do her auctions - but she wasn't scary or worse than Ursula. Ursula destroys us with faith in badness. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flounder is a deeply voiced father. The same actor. (Some things that bother me in remake / sequel) (The difference of his voice is very clear to me!) I feel that the only reason this movie was created so Disney can catch a few dollars quickly. I hate to think about companies that I really like. I feel that this plot lacks imagination. I know this action (The children in the footsteps of parents) occur but Ariel is different. That's what we love so much about her. She has a dream. She falls in love and makes that dream come true. Until she appeared in this film, that is Then she became like other adults. This is not Ariel that I know and I don't like her. <br /> <br /> I know some kids who enjoy this movie and I know that some adults who Didn't care about it as well But for me and for all of you who have the highest love for Ariel, please do not watch this movie Ariel, which we know is dead inside, resurrect only one song or the last two scenes that are not bad at all (Which she accepts the water back again) - although she has very little in the ending, regardless of
