I love the first little mermaid I know the song I love the character and I love the story. I can't say anything about The Little Mermaid II: Going back to the sea. It's terrible. Start from the story first. The story is a copy of the first movie that goes back. Same situation except in reverse! Ariel wants to live on her daughter's melody land. (Creative name) wants to be in the sea. Ariel is tricked by Ursula Melody being tricked by Morgana Ursula's sister. Ursula has a sister ?? Not sure where to come from In addition to being a strange copy of the first movie, this film looks tired and uninteresting compared to the first film. Now, the character: 1. Ariel - what happened to her ?? !! No longer a brave and stubborn teenager that we all know and love from the first movie. Now she has "grown up" and her personality has started to get worse. Her vocals are not too strong because Jodi Benson is much older or the song is so bad that her ability is lost. 2. Eric - Although he doesn't have the first movie character like the Disney prince. In any way, his new voice and his few lines make him more robot. Above all, he seems to be unable to protect himself and Ariel becomes one of the two strongest people. 3. Sebastian - tells the lovely La Crustacean from the first movie because of the lazy, crabbed female Annoying He has no good songs in this movie. You almost forgot the glory he received from singing "Under the Sea" and the incredible "Kiss the Girl" from the first movie, and it was very sad. 4. Struggling - They destroyed him !! He is no longer cute. His voice is terrible and now he has children ?? Who is Mom ??? 5. Morgana - She looks like Ursula's sister came out to take revenge on her mother who chose Ursula always. So she planned for Triton's Trident to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? However, she is very depraved and lacks Ursula's greatness as a villain. She failed so much that her spells were not very difficult and didn't threaten me. 6.Melody- Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironically, because you can't sing. Her voice annoying her friends. (Walrus and penguins really ?!) Not funny or cute, and she's like Ariel, on the other hand, and not pleasant. Skip this. Don't watch Disney sequels except Lion King 2 movie. This story destroys the classics that live in our delightful memories. I will watch this movie and laugh.
