Okay, a long time ago, Disney fans I didn't like it - Disney's sequel directly to the video Walt HIMSELF didn't believe in them. He believed in "and they are happy forever after" being the end of it. This ... really ticked tacos. There are many other Disney movies in this movie. It's not funny at all. Quick summary if you don't know ...: Ariel's daughter's melody and Prince Eric are born. Ursula's sister Morganna (who generally looks like Ursula if she has to dye herself in green and go out for food, fasting ally Allied Macbeth) appears and after trying to make Infant After that test, Ariel was in a state like her father and refused to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage and later forbade her from approaching the sea. Surprisingly, the melody was discovered to be a person. Sly, who she is and runs away, then makes a deal with Morga to become a mermaid in exchange for something. (Does it sound familiar?) She became one. But in the bargain, half of her grandfather had to pull the trident of her grandfather and bring it back to the sea witch. While doing this, she ran into the animals that were expelled, penguins and walruses named Timon and Pumb - huh? Wait ... no! That's not Timon and Pumba! Or what is it? Can fool me However, I want to disclose more. But there is nothing to predict that will happen. OK ... long story short This movie "borrowed" too much from other Disney movies (better) ... and it was scary ... Tips and dashes? Why not just make Dash Dash and make it look more clear! Huh. Not to mention the killing of all the characters of Ariel's character. She disappeared from being a free radical woman until the mud. Her father wasn't good at all ... Basically, they told us the cute little mermaid. Which we know grows and love is dead Plus the melody itself is not a great character as well ... She's really annoying! And type! Not to mention what they do for Flounder. Hmm ... If you decide to see the reasons that are created for the most profit, no imagination. Supporters Eisner c ****** t I suggest you may Wait until you reach Disney Channel or other TV stations because it's not worth the rental price. <br /> <br /> * From the star *****
