I think it is Temple Matthews, which is generally written as a remake, although there are a few changes that make it worse. Spoiler: It's very similar to the original. Ariel's new daughter Melody has been threatened by Morca's sister Ursula. Morgana escapes but promises to take Melody from them. Are Ursula a sister ?! And she is not a great villain like Ursula This is a place that has similarities. Medoly is kept from the sea until Morgana is arrested, but she doesn't know anything about it because it happened when she was a child. The wall surrounded the palace to prevent her from entering and leaving the room. She goes under the day-to-day wall to swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not funny or fun like the original. She found a shell with her name and escaped from the house to find answers and found that Morgana This is similar; Morgana Juggling Melody makes her happy by turning here into a mermaid. At the same time, Eric, Melody and King Triton find her. If she wants to rest the mermaid, she must steal the Trident from Triton. So Melody did so because she didn't know that King Triton was her father. She makes friends with penguins and walruses and this is a terrible place. Penguins that live with them in the ice ocean hate them because they are cowardly. So they tried to prove that they were heroes and failed. That is not suitable for the little mermaid And the conversation between the dialogue between the penguins and the two characters is the blood flowing out of the ears You know why? Because at first there was a great story This one is not and is not magical. It is just an example of the continuity that is not good. <br /> <br /> Melody finds them and they help take her to Atlantica to prove himself. When they use the trident, Ariel meets Melody and Morgana. Melody is angry with her mother who protects her from the sea, so she gives Trident to Morgana. She then shows her true color when she grabs it. Ariel and Melody are in her care. The penguins and walruses started to prove themselves when they fought with Morgana's shark friends. Sorry. I didn't mention him earlier. Eventually they proved themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrived. But was forced to prostrate before Morgana with the power of Trident Melody threw it to Triton and he went to Morga. (Literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it is not her fault! Ariel did the right thing to protect Melody, but they never said that. Triton offers melodies in the sea or in the land. In fact she has "A better idea" She used the Trident to make the wall cough, so that humans and Mercury people could live together. Then everyone sang a terrifying song. <br /> <br /> Anyone who saw it and liked this thing clearly didn't see the original. I don't like this because I'm a teenager. I like when I'm very young When I grew up I started to see what was bad about this movie. Small children, children will enjoy it. But it is likely that when they are in elementary school, they will forget it Usually I think I judge a movie and it's better than I remember when I watched it again. But not this movie It's even worse The story is no exception. If you think reading this story is good, read this comment more and you will know other weaknesses: You already know this. I'm sorry for losing you. But I have to point out some bad parts of it One of the worst things is the original horrible color animation with beautiful colors. Watching this thing makes me want to be blind. Even the landscape and landscape design are not good. The original colors are beautiful, magical, and the beautiful underwater landscape design and for the ground makes it a pleasure to see. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first song, this is shit. The song isn't calm and Tara Strong (I think that's her name) that Melody can't sing. Sometimes she sings too high or doesn't follow the melodies in the song. So much for having "Melody" as the name and song is not pretty or animated. Little Mermaid 1 won the Oscars and really deserved it. This one deserves a razzie award for the worst musical score in the sequel, if it will exist. <br /> <br /> I don't like the sound. Many people who play as characters at first do the same in this story. Jodi Benson is a great singer. But now she is old and has no fault with her. Her voice is too deep and not beautiful anymore. And I was disappointed in her and others who were at the beginning because it was part of this story If I was chosen for this movie, just reading the script, I could tell that it would be a bad movie. The characters are different now. Ariel is smarter than now, but annoying. They make her too much, causing her to grow too big. In the sequels, you do not intend to change the character unless there are special reasons. She was sixteen at the first time. There is a small chance that she will change to That is the stage when you become the person you will be throughout your life. The script writer should think so. They should think of the characters. <br /> <br /> Okay, I think that's mine. I hope you find my opinion useful because I'm sure you will agree with my view.
