This movie makes me want to throw every time I see it. If you shoot the first movie and return the story (Ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), use the same character and give new animals and new names, then throw a crappy animation and The biggest suction factor is possible. You will get 2 little mermaids. In general, it's a copy of the first movie that has the opposite story. I will take you through the horror of it step by step. These are people from the movie # 1: First, Prince Eric is still Prince Eric, with all 3 lines in the entire movie. Ariel is a mild-hearted person and is not a stubborn coward that we see on Day 1. In fact, she is the opposite. Sebastian is still the only Sebastian who is less cute and has less faith that is stressed and the jokes are no longer funny. The struggling person has about 2 lines. Now he has a child and he speaks with a nasal tone. Scuttle is still running as a mute. Not funny. King Triton's character is probably the best. His daughter, Ariel and Prince Eric, do not seem to be honking with their daughters. <br /> <br /> As I said, all they do is use the characters from the first movie and choose. Peel them This is what they do: Ursula - the new villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who always feels like in the shadow of Ursula. I will not fear you if you appear in front of my door with a knife. She is helpless and she is a bad person. She has the same voice ursula. Sebastian & Flounder - replaced by the most stupid sidekicks, Tip & Dash, Walrus and Penguin. They try to be a hero. But always failed when trying The storyline can be predicted. They became heroes at the end, gaping Flatson & Jetsom-now being replaced by a shark that turned smaller than 10x by Triton. He was also bad. Morgana and the shark (sharkbait, I think it's his name). No chemistry. Good or bad Ariel-Ah, Ariel, our lovely mermaid was replaced by her lovely daughter's melodies. Melodies can't sing, her voice is higher than it should be about 2 octaves, and you want to punch in front of you because she's so sweet. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the kids make her fun. You have to find yourself. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie boring and not easy when you watch this movie, you Will gasp with its badness Some parts of the movie make you want to call up Disney and claim that this movie was made as a sequel to the great original movie. <br /> <br /> In general, the comparison of the Little Mermaid 2 and the Little Mermaid Is Like comparing and Ed Wood and Casablanca movies. Never watch this thing even when you're bored.
