Science fiction movies are terrible. But can see that suffer from nasty special techniques, bad performances and ridiculous stories The film opens with a spaceship returning from a Mars exploration along with a woman and a man with green slime on his arm. She began planning to tell what had happened in this important journey because almost all of the tape seemed to have been removed from the magnetic field. Four astronauts traveled on this journey: the soldiers, represented by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart, a poor person who likes to say "Irish" and has the ability to do the cod fish. The members of the flight with three men wearing the best suit possible to highlight all of her curves. Les Tremaine, an actor, a great character from a cheap sci-fi movie like this is a homeless Brooklyn with jokes and not bright, although he chose to use electronic expertise. None of these actors were good and they all talked about their conversations with little confidence. See Tremaine as he speaks scientific nonsense! Actually, the best of these four things is Kruschen - and that says a lot about this movie. But the poor performance caused the film to collapse when they landed on Mars via flashback. Angry Red Planet has a very cheap budget because Mars is a Southwestern American with a heavy red tone. than When the story calls for things that may look Mars, there are paintings painted in red tones heavier than them. You can tell that they are a monster drawing, maybe even worse, when we get a 40-foot-tall bat spider, which seems like some children have gathered with dead animals together. Other important creatures are the giant amoeba with trembling eyes. Whew! These things are not good. There is a good painting of Martian, but in this film there is not enough. Despite these big problems, The Angry Red Planet is a fun movie. It is very interesting to see how far we have come as a civilization. What they use in most movies is outdated. A man uses an electric razor and a wire and I think they can go to Mars. But they still use the wires. Director Ib Melchior gave an interesting picture to the film, despite budget constraints. But his story and Sid Pink do not fly and how the race ends with music and psychedelic colors? Groovy man!
