The spacecraft returned from Mars. About two months earlier, 4 people were sent to the red planet. Most images are retrospective of what appears there. This image is bound by a merciless dialog box, which is typical of the sci-fi attempt in the fifties and sixties. For example, the ship's commander (Mohr) told the other crew that 'There' without reason As if moving to another point within the boat will cause problems Later, the commander ordered the two crewmen to be in the boat while he and others went outside. They were ordered to say 'no way' and follow; I do not have high hopes for the success of the journey. At this time, there is a mention of 'ear twitching' and hugging a frozen gun named 'Cleo' (of course Cleopatra). If the story doesn't drag, <br /> <br /> It has a very slow rhythm for the whole story. The astronauts spent time exploring the ship's window. (Which changed the color from red to blue) commenting on what they saw while exploring outside The landscape of Mars, which is advertised in 'Cinemagic', often resembles an animation that cut outs or drawings shot through an orange-red filter to see the illusion of interacting with the actors. But I don't think it's a fool who is over 10 years old. The wise man talks about it. I noticed that the memories of survivors of the astronauts are tinged with truth in order to explain Dharma. Unreal landscape of Mars <br /> <br /> Oh, okay, I was fascinated ... by the actions of some astronauts when they start exploring. Immediately from the bat, they tested their frozen gun in the factory, killing it for its hell. Then the female member hacked with a machete in what she thought was a tree. But became a leg of a monster spider-rat. Hello, Madam Next search It is not surprising that 'intelligence' on Mars is not satisfactory and does not care that one of the lower creatures, such as the giant amoeba, attacks the explorer. The performance is not impressive. In particular, Mohr has a very annoying technique, said in a line, then jumped into a big smile that always creeped me out - reminded me of it! Terror from space The ending is quite anti-elite. Do not expect to have any other revelations other than 'No longer traveling' with a frozen gun named Cleo
