You may not see women who have love in this movie. But you will hear women talking about love and men talking about love and women talking about love and women talking about men and men talking about women and men talking about men And everyone is talking about death and talking and talking until you want to scream and do things that don't have to say anything, like painting the bedroom or watering your plants <br /> <br /> Welcome to the world This DH Lawrence's leaf, where the chaotic minds occupy the highest position and no one can go down to live a productive life because everyone is too busy to talk about how their lives are unproductive. Spending time with the characters in a good novel. Lawrence is like being trapped in a closet with a group of acquaintances that you are most obsessed with, which you will escape from you if you meet them at a party when I read "Women in Love". I want to strangle every character in it. But since I can't, I hope they will strangle each other at least. Alas, there is only one of them that dies, not strangling, and I will not destroy it for you by telling anyone in the event that you give a true story about this or these people. <br /> <br /> In order for director Ken Russell to play the role because he has created this movie that is as entertaining as possible He threw the psychological jumbo that Lawrence was fond of and focused on the mischievous part, so we received a lot of love in the scene and the bed, wrestling two men naked by the fire. Bates (yup, buck naked again) roaming in the grassland, making love with the bushes and grass (I'm not kidding) Glenda Jackson received the Oscar Award for her performance as Gudrun, who is the younger sister of both of them focusing on this, and of course she tried her best to do something. Something with this content Anyone who deserves an Oscar just has to endure Russell's decision to make the scene that she must dance fiercely in the face of a mysterious cow. Oliver Reed has one expression that is intense. The whole thing is overwritten and directed too, and it is full of passion. In fact, this vies with "Mommie Dearest", which is probably the most hysterical movie I've never seen before. <br /> <br /> Grade : D
