"Prom Night" is the only remake of the 1980 film starring Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to her senior promo and let herself have fun after a very painful event in a few moments. Last year, she and her friends arrived at a prom which took place in a great hotel and tried and enjoyed what should be the most fun night of their lives. No one knows that there is a man from Donna's past that haunts her for many years and is still a good person ... and ready to kill everyone who is looking for her. <br /> <br /> I ' Is a big fan of the original "Prom Night", so I tried to maintain a little hope in this movie But I have to admit that I'm quite disappointed. "Prom Night" has to suffer from the worst suffering that horror movies are likely to have and that is forecast. There is nothing surprising to this, and I feel that I've seen everything in this movie, done dozens of times better than before. This thing is comparable to the audience. Boredom, unless you have never seen a horror movie or part of a teenage crowd earlier. But most viewers can often guess almost anything that will happen The plot is simple. But the whole script has no surprises, twists, atmosphere or anything, and this makes the movie really hurt because it doesn't make the audience sink. Everything seems very polite. <br /> <br /> A lot of people seem to complain about the fact that this is a slasher PG-13 movie as well, and I understand what they are saying, but I don't think of it. It is impossible to create a good slasher movie with the least gore. For example, the "Halloween" of Carpenter - the violence on the screen to a minimum. But still a very scary and powerful movie You don't need blood to create awesome movies. But even with "Prom Night", there is no reason for violence. (Which is not it is very tame) is still a little extra in the movie because there is not much in the movie Script to create to begin with Tensions and skepticism are minimal here, and I spend most of my time predicting the outcome of the situation and correcting about 99% of the time. Our characters are not good enough for the audience to connect with them and to Fixed by their numbers that are routine and not careful. <br /> <br /> I'll point out some things I don't like. About this movie because it is not completely useless - the movie is very good and everything is well taken and has a reasonable style. Among the fear of "jumping" (which is mostly predictable) there is something wise. The set of movies is also good, and the hotel is a place that has regulations for opening wet. But predicted that unfolding may be possible For the show, it's the most common. Brittany Snow plays the role as a leader. But actually the remaining actors do not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain and is probably the most experienced actor here. But even then he was still not impressed. However, I like the character he plays, which is a good change from the killer type. The general 'masked-stalker' that we see a lot As long as the movie ends, the last fifteen minutes of the movie makes me feel bored with my end and it is a great point to resist. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" is a good story. disappointed Everything has a lot of routines, routines and predictions which are quite annoying when considering that this has the potential to be a good movie. Have a slightly organized time But this film has no suspense or atmosphere and has developed a little story or a reliable character I recommend experienced horror fans to save their money and wait until they leave in the video or rent the original instead because there's nothing surprising. Some people may find a little bit of entertainment there. But it was far more than expected for my taste I expected better and left the theater. Very disappointed. 3/10
