You can tell the production of a grade Lew. Clearly British style Epic in thought; People by all celebrities at the international level Often located in exotic monks It was a formula that the Grade and his company, ITC, used throughout the 70s and early 80s, resulting in titles such as The Eagle Has Landed, Firepower and Raise The Titanic! In 1977, Grade produced the March Or Die, an outdated legion of foreign adventure that remarkably simulates all the above characteristics. Directed by Dick Richards, who is often trusted? My Lovely farewell assistant, who has just won the award a few years ago - March Or Die, is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> <br /> The foreign Legionnaires company led by General Foster (Gene Hackman) Strict discipline was sent to Morocco. After World War 1, their mission was to protect the archaeological party that was surrounded by Francois Marneau (Max Von Sydow), who was dedicated. Archaeologists were digging at Erfoud, an ancient city, but fearing an attack from the Arab tribes after the destruction Of archaeological groups earlier Foster is not satisfied with the assignment? He did not consider historical artifacts worthy of his people who risked their lives. This created a constant tension between him and Marau, who believed that the troops should sacrifice their lives so that digging was possible. The problem arose when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) with a group of soldiers She hoped to know what had happened to her father, an Arab historian kidnapped when they first wiped the archeology team. Her presence often desires among the legionnaires, nothing more than the theft of Gypsy Marco Sekre. (Terence Hill), a charismatic and brave rogue who began to show indifference to his colleagues. What a climax with the big fight at Erfoud with the Arab tribes that hit a number of legions as they try to protect their lives hopelessly. <br /> <br /> On paper, see the pair of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill do not match? Hackman is an actor who has won the Oscar Heavyweight, but handsome but limited in Italy from many spaghetti westerns. One expects that Hackman will act as his partner outside the screen. Still, it is strange that it was Hackman who gave him weakness and ineffectiveness while Hill elevated his game to a surprisingly high level. This film was filmed in an attractive desert area. But the pacing is very slow and some characters are interesting. Maurice Jarre's songs are not as common, right? Very disappointed by the people who voted Lawrence of Arabia with us. It's amazing that everyone has the courage to try this kind of adventure in the 70s (a type that peaked in the 30s and was forgotten in the last decade). Sadly, gambling doesn't pay. really Paying respect to the old military flicks will become more than a march.
