We saw the body of a dead woman in a morgue with an autopsy trying to close the eyes of a young woman. But what he tried, they wouldn't open After this we move into the future and we follow a group of old school friends who hide the terrifying secrets. But suddenly they began to be chosen one by one in many frightening ways Through the past events, we learned the horrific suicide of a shy girl who tried to be one of the groups. But she was closed by them because they dug her past and found some strange events Did you come back from the grave to find revenge? <br /> <br /> Oh, it is always wonderful and scary! That's what I hope to say and 'hope' is as good as it gets. This is an unforgettable supernatural horror movie that I've watched before. But I think it is the first time I have watched So my surprise made me feel uncomfortable when I started accepting something. But I said that it was a memorable ingredient that felt like it was first seen again. "Nightmare" is just another type of field that adds a little change in decay. Oh, please give something a little more fresh. Must be all original But this is a formula, and at times J-horror is quite tired. Even though it has a normal story of ghosts related to you, right guess, the spirit that looks evil, vengeful chicken spirit <br /> <br /> But even There will be a denial of me on the same subject. The old stories and similar shakes are horrible and pop up in some creepy images. Death appears to be full of bites and originality, while the dark atmosphere makes the audience feel strange. separate A scene about a scary spirit, one of the girls, is an experience that causes blood to settle. But actually, when it didn't try to scare you, I found that it was quite a coma and I thought to close that might be severe, but just didn't pay attention to it during those shocking moments. Because the mystery that is expected to be not so much, one that is not sure, is just flat and the character is a bunch of self-centered things that you don't really care about what happened to them. Separate stories should focus on spirits rather than these polite characters who have an unbelievable relationship. It's just playing too many cards by being too puzzling and taking too long to start when reaching the climax, it's a ridiculous story. Although the end of this film will be the highest point, <br /> <br /> This film looks good, even if it can be done without chaos, fast editing lights and music scores rather frustrating. The performance is in a good direction, but Gyu-ri Kim is strong in the leading role. <br /> <br /> There's nothing new and it steals unscrupulous ideas. But if you look through it, it will cause nasty excitement. Although I found that the management was quite sleepy even though there was a powerful chills Every standard effort, I guess But still being equally missed
