In the form of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma invests in what is known as the unknown land of Thakur to the south. Mohanlal is Narsimha, the police inspector whose family is killed trying to get revenge on Madrasi style. All South Indian accents are contrary to Thakur. From the north, the separation of Thakur's hands by Gabbar was cut down on the finger in Aag, thus reducing the cost of cutting because there was no attempt to hide the hand instead of Kurta. Yeed covers for Moreso's cut fingers in the climax that Thakur uses his legs and says "Tere Liye is just a paer hi kaafi hai". Here, Narsimha uses his finger stubs to shoot guns and kill the villains. Babban, the new avtar of the gabbar is different. He doesn't come from Bihar or up. He is Bambaya Gabbar's infamous laughter is divided into two parts at this time and much softer. Babban asks Diwali instead of Holi and Urmila instead of Helen in Mehbooba. He also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh, who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba.Babban. Is smarter than this time He threw an apple and asked a question that made Isaac Newton discover the Basanti gravitational rule is verbose over the Ghungroo auto driver. Nisha Kothari could not play the driver automatically and look too fake using words like 'Entertainment' and 'too much' by gay abandonment Viru fun, while Ajay Devgun is not suitable for the role God spoke to the Basanti event and the lesson of filming and Koi Haseena and the water tank sequence was painful. The water tank became a pond and Devgun that was very drunk in the order that the audience wanted him to commit suicide. Be patient and serious. Prashant Raj is better than others because we don't expect anything from him. But he still made a mistake in the order of Mausi. He was not as romantic as Jai opened his mouth. The role of Jaya played by Sushmita changed his career. A pure housekeeper turned out to be a doctor at this time, which plunged into full-time social service after Her husband was killed She lacks the pain that Jaya shows as well. When flirting with her heart opened up now. Samba received a bigger role this time as Tampa. He doesn't have to aim the gun and answer Gabbar's questions. This time, he follows Babban wherever he goes and is an escort who has more visibility outside the cave. The horse gave way to the jeep and automatically hid the Gabbar. Here, it continued to change and Ramgarh became Kaliganj. Overall, it was more deceiving than anything else. RGV came up with his own classic interpretation. But we remember the origin well, even after three decades that our thoughts refused to accept the chic version and the conversations that changed Therefore, we call it deception. Therefore, Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao jaan) stop remixing and start making the original.
