Sholay: one of the greatest movies I always wonder if they will create a new classic or not. That was when RGV announced this film and I was excited to see it. I tend to think that this may be a good movie, but every week we will come here to change something. RGV and this movie are very B grade movies, which is something I didn't expect. > <br /> I try to look for good things. But I promise to let Sholay stay in my heart The movie was excellent. The movie tries to be my own. But that is the higher side Weak action sequence The screenplay has potential. The biggest flaw is fixing. There is no scene that makes you excited. For example, a funny sequence feels out of place and forced. Ironically, because jokes are just entertainment in the original. And no character development And there are no scenes that will influence until the end And the ending is very disappointing. <br /> <br /> The greatest question is that Amitabh Bachchan performed well, like Gabbar Singh. Nothing good. It seems that they are paying too much attention to his appearance. The drama looks scary. But you don't creep out. Mohanlal is hardly in the movie. But he was impressed by some of his scenes. Ajay Devgan was appropriate. It wasn't very effective. He gave everything a weak chapter. Prashant Raj had a lot of confidence and had the potential to make it better with better movies. <Br / > <br /> I have the most expectations for Sushmita Sen, which may be the best. She expressed, but still not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. It seems that she doesn't care mostly. But the scene of her emotions after the death of her friend is quite good. It seems that she wants to find a director who will help her to have the ability, not her cute look. But the thing that made me the most disappointed was chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj didn't look like friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong lover. No love was found between Sushmita and Prashant and Amitabh and Mohanlal didn't want the hatred they wanted. <br /> <br /> For the song, they sucked Mehbooba's Urmila too and I slept. However, it dances beautifully. Holi numbers are fun but not memorable. For other songs, for those who hope to watch this movie, I am very disappointed. I have high hopes for RGV because of his forest. But it seems that he lost his ability during the filming of this movie But hoped that he would return to Sarkar Raja But this movie has been forgotten All the advantages can not compensate for boring movies.
