I can't find the right words to describe the horror that I felt sitting in the theater. See Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag. The half-hearted effort of the director paying tribute to Bollywood West Sholay. The remake of Varma is that he doesn't even try to create a credible movie. It is evident in every picture of this movie that Varma's heart is not there. What you see on the screen is the most bad joke, the mechanism of the filmmaker, and it makes you realize that he actually shows what movie he claims he is a true fan of life. Always Saw many bad movies over the years But I do not remember that it was enough to torture this role Consider yourself bravely if you can survive the whole movie because it tests your patience like some of the movies that came before. Varma may borrow his plot and characters from the original movie. But his version is repetitive and hollow. Any of the souls and energy of Sholay Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag is actually a mockery of gems that do not have time because it becomes everything that the original movie is not - the top is too long, boring. And unconscious The very loving moment from Sholay is mocked by Varma and you want to strangle his neck. One of the most memorable scenes in Sholay, which Dharmendra, while Veeru climbs onto the water tank and threatens to jump into his death, turns around in this film with Ajay Devgan playing the hero pulling a gun. Carry the head, threatening to shoot himself The way you want him to pull the trigger and save all of us. The pain of Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag not only failed as a remake of Sholay, it was a bad attempt, even as a solo movie. The background score of the damaged eardrum seems to be that people come to the ship in the kitchen and the camera switches back and forth between drama and turbulence. This terrible crime partner who brings this ridiculous movie to the point of being the most deadly actor like Sushmita Sen. As Devi the widow takes both her role and the movie too seriously, stop her line. By stopping, staring into the camera for results and in general, acting like her life depends on it. Mohanlal as Narsimha struggles with his Hindi dialogue and looks Khinnai sent the stupidest chapter in his famous career. New Prer Prashant Raj, played by Jai, equivalent to Raj. There is no acting to speak of and cannot step through any lamentation that Amitabh Bachchan brought. To participate in the original movie As Hero Veeru, a new era Ajay Devgan, without hope in his comedic effort But the weakest link of the film, the most shocking selection of actors, was Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who stepped into the shoes of Hema Malini as Basanti, the beloved Sholay Nisha Kothari. The worst actress in this country But may be the worst actor in the world wide. She makes a new word with a new meaning that is annoying and she makes you want to sharpen your wrist every time on the screen. Then there is Amitabh Bachchan playing Babban Singh version Ramgopal Varma, the most popular villain of the movie, Hindi Gabbar Singh, the only actor in this series who knows the sound that is too much and plays. Bachchan creates a scary character that is The Watch He was meant to be a villain in the comic book that insulted and ridiculed and ham and ham, and he did everything for good results. But since he was stuck in an organization that was punished again, his performance did not help raise the movie in any way. There was no surprise here. I would go with a ten-inch thumb to Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag as one. In those painful movie viewing experiences, you will not be the target of the enemy at all. It is not like Varma that didn't manage to remake before. With Sarkar, he cleverly captured the godfather and it was a shame that he made this famous Sholay from the very beloved classics. Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag was his worst career decision of all time and Is also a dark point in his work history that he must be embarrassed forever I wonder if this movie will go down in film history as Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
