A very important drama "Anna" shows the true truth that every actor is old and sometimes fades away. Anna is a character who believes that America is her safety net at her home and that it doesn't make her wrong ?? But she refused to insult herself in her work. She did not believe she was a stubborn, stubborn and arrogant optimist when it came to her life. But not afraid to let others come in. Anna flipped the slippers between the personality, which made this film the ideal of the old star "Anna" received praise for the star Sally Kirkland and her ability to get "dirty" for this chapter, but in the months of 2008 to 2008 " Anna "is not the core of the movie culture It was a boring and chaotic day. The director, Yurek Bogayevicz, had a hidden message inside "Anna" about Czechoslovakia's political and social vanities. But Kirkland refuses to let them get angry. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, use a wooden frame to make Kirkland stand out and he is not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters so that when you walk away It's a Kirkland movie that you can remember. If it's not clear, this movie doesn't sit with me. From the launch of the first and deep performances in the second chapter, "Anna" feels like a stage drama of a high school. No characters exist. There are no stories in advance and there is no definition of time or place. There are Sally Kirkland stubbornly saying that she is better than other actresses who are looking for the same way of life that she wants. She randomly met a girl friend who traveled far to go to America for glamor and glamor and two people. (Within 20 minutes) create a friendship that can destroy all the walls It's a boring and unbelievable mood. Again randomly, we met Anna Daniel's boyfriend. (Played by Robert Fools) who didn't bring anything to the table in terms of meaning or character ?? Just to add interest to Kirkland's Anna For nearly two hours, we will look at more random actions along with unnamed characters together to create a story that is held simultaneously by loose threads and Kirkland Sally. R. It makes me hurt to talk about this story, but "Anna" may be a great movie at Boycevik, offering an equal moment between Anna Daniel and Krystina. We are forced to be a one-sided game. <br /> <br /> This is what Charlize Theron discovered. Inspiration for her beauty role in "Monster" or Halle Berry in "Monster's Ball". or not? Sally Kirkland is one of the first female actors to discover that letting the Oscar character as a character shine in their direction? Throughout this film, I was tired of Kirkland's image of Anna and Bokanević's lack of excitement for other things. Bogayevicz gave Anna to us that was not. Working hard for her, not interested in others, and in general is lively? But do we have to feel sympathetic to her? Near the beginning of the movie, she forced what she wanted to do with others and felt uneasy when she didn't go. Of course, the older actress has something that appeals to them. But Kirkland created a character that looked more like a child than an adult. That is what "Anna" should improve. If this is a Kirkland that is mature, I would swallow it down. But Anna, who is this terrible child, is unbelievable. While my favorite scene is nearing the end, Anna goes to see one of her old movies playing. (Including ridiculously created characters) and the movie was burned, this scene is also one of my favorites Anna creates life for himself, creates movies and creates dreams. But when someone wants to join the spotlight, she is jealous and angry. This doesn't make the character I want to stand behind or not get an Oscar. When combined with the classic 80s background synthesizers, superb wardrobe and splendid ending (What caused and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" falls into the boundaries of an amazing movie. It's an exhibition that is an opportunity for the old stars to shout at the world again. But I don't think I will be fooled again. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can't say that I was impressed with this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about a movie star. It's about Sally Kirkland and Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tries to make things more. But failed as well because Kirkland would not allow him or him to just realize that there was not enough to support the full story There is one or two scenes that are appropriate in this movie. But there is nothing that promotes this film as being innovative or influential. Bogayevicz didn't create a character that the audience would believe, tear or devote during Sunday afternoon as well? He created annoyance. Kirkland is not Anna. She is an actor, playing too much and stubborn on the side. Maybe I missed the scope of this movie. But what makes the movie like this is the cooperation of everyone involved. That's not the case here. In "Anna" Kirkland ordered Daniel to act like a dog. (It is clearly a symbolic action) and during the entire emotional scene, I can't help thinking that that's what Kirkland is like in the series. She didn't make this movie, she changed it to herself and because "Anna" failed, I couldn't recommend this to everyone? From the Czech Republic to another? Skip it! <br /> <br /> Grade: * ½ from ***** (for annoying theater scenes that creep me out)
