I started watching this program, probably around the year 2003 or 2004, with my friends. Of course, at that time I was young and happy with the joke in this program. I was 11 years old in 2003 and now I'm 14 years old (2007). Although my age may play a major role in judging this performance after reading Other reviews I have seen that after the third season of this performance in the tube, I agree. This performance is repulsive and often focuses on the same story. <br /> <br /> Tim's performance Have a turner Fay, who was two because his life is generally very poor - his parents are never there. Have a nasty babysitter The plot of all the performances is that this child (Timmy) and his lender often desire destruction that cannot be prevented by doing it again because something in "Da rule" says that they can not The show has many lines that still repeat like "Magic cannot destroy the true love, the ultimate bathroom" or even some ridiculous jokes that the Nickelodeon may think is a joke and decides to put on various episodes many times. <br /> <br /> This item Prepared for children under 10 years because it involves bad situations and "Children humor" that most children in my age do not care about The selection of the voice of the character is also improved. Tim has a very loud voice, shrill and a woman like Cosmo. Wanda sounded like an old lady, Timmy's father. It sounds like a host or game host. Timmy's mother's voice is too real to be a woman. The attitude of this show is: In some episodes, Timmy talks about returning and doing bad habits and insults. Clearly, Wanda is smart and intelligent. Cosmo is stupid, stupid, and incompetent in thinking like Tim's father. Timmy's mother seems to be doing what Timmy's father does. <br /> <br /> The performance is too far from reality. To accept my passion anymore Maybe a younger child, I can see more humor in this program. But when I grow up, it really gets older. And does not give a sound that is acceptable or "removal", but the performance has the idea that you want to commit suicide activities to the characters This kind of acting must be your attitude if you know what I mean. If not, it will make you disgust.
