When I first saw the movie trailer for the Prom Night, I had to accept the trailer to look good and this would be a fun horror movie. So my friend and I saw the Prom Night last night and I have to say that I have to grow up because this is a mocking movie, not to mention I'm sick and tired of the general noisy horror movie as an excuse. To scare people No tension. Character. How should I care about them? They have nothing to develop. Killer ?! Oh my God, this is probably the most stupid serial killer I've ever had. I know it's a movie. But why men who never (Or at least we know) Kill anyone before killing the family of the girl and friends he is obsessed with? I mean, will he kidnap her or will he kill her? I do not know because this film is unreasonable and predictable and insulting the true horror fans. <br /> <br /> Donna's family were brutally murdered by her teacher, which made her very passionate about him. Was taken prisoner 3 years ago and now she has just received peace in her life. She also went to her senior promo. But the murderer escaped and still had a doctor in his heart. He followed her to prom, which meant bad news for her friends and hotel maids and bell boys because it was a good idea to kill a housewife. And bell Boys, so no one doubts enough to check to see where these employees are. Donna is a big problem because of this killer, which is obvious that humans can enter the house without noticing and can kill people quietly. Wow / <br /> I'm sorry. I really want to do. Love this movie, we don't have a good slasher flick in a long time. But this is just a stupid movie that I'm not impressed. Just an unbelievable situation and the actors are disgusting. I know this is a PG-13 movie, but I love that people are brutally stabbed to death and they have a little blood on their clothes. Don't have to mention no stab holes? I will not recommend this movie for everyone unless you are a teenager. This movie was created for teenagers, not adults, and not for people who know the true horror movie. No offense to those who like this movie but I don't. Understand who can do it. <br /> <br /> 2/10
