"The Hazing" is one of the movies that I want to see. Solely according to the cover image shown on IMDb. Yes, I am a shallow person! I don't care if more than ten million people will call it a shit movie or not. The poster looks very cool. I guess I have to watch it ?? Now "The Hazing" can be described as quite a reserve name: curious! Posters and titles make it look like a horror movie on campus and deal with horrible rituals. But actually this movie is a mixed blood line between comedy and thriller. First of all, there is something wrong with the old VHS box slogan that I watched. He said: He has a good score, a good boy and a good friend. ?? Until they make him through rehearsals "That is not the case. Actually, the protagonist Gilbert Lewis was finally recognized by the university. Through the athletics scholarship, it took more than half the movie before we heard about the girlfriend. His Buddy "He is Charles Martin Smith, who is very stupid (still with me in this movie). Both were approached to be members of the prestigious" Delts "association. The mountain is dressed in white clothes in an orderly manner. Barney falls from a cliff and breaks his leg. When Lewis returns with another young man, Barney hardens to death and they intend to make the body stiff. For five days Returning from the weekend skiing with Barney's body hidden in the freezer at the cafeteria, Lewis must hide him so that Barney's absence will look suspicious. Establishing "The Hazing" That is quite strange, professional. Blem here is executions can be much easier The tone is too strong and serious for comedy movies, even black movies. But on the other hand, there is no reasonable effort to create suspicion or excitement. The soundtrack is cheerful and full of sparkling music. But that was almost not enough to make this movie a joke. About an hour in this film, the story ends with steam and thoughts, and the producers have no better option to fill the emptiness by gathering Lewis's romance and his foreign girlfriend. Bicycle through the countryside I don't like the last twist because it's unbelievable and because it has been done many times before and after. (Although accepted after) "The Hazing" is not a waste of time. But I'm also glad that I found a rental tape at a friend's house instead of spending money on a newly released DVD.
