To say Funky Forest: The first contact is a bad movie, speaking unbelievable proportions. I can go into a good art house movie, even bizarre and distorted ringtones, such as El Topo, Naked Lunch and Survive Style 5+ because those movies are something worthwhile to talk about when the roll credits < br>> <br /> FFFC tries every avenue to be profound and intellectually, basically without content in this movie. This film is not good. The image in this movie does not inspire the conversation to worsen. The musical numbers break this movie .. I laughed at GUITAR BROTHERS, but it was immediately eliminated by unnecessary things and Not relevant at all I try to be profound and meaningful. But I think it is nonsense The first film student without a camera can make things even more interesting. <br /> <br /> Guitar Brothers and standing routines between skits get 1 point. Each other is just a bad attempt. Be good like a movie by other REAL directors, such as Sogo Ishii, David Lynch and Jodoworsky. Let me take a break. I believe that those who are crazy about FFFC are doing that because they don't know what they see because they have nothing but the unrelated statements here and mixed with ignorance and blending until you show off your shoes. <br /> <br /> This movie is very disappointing from the movie Survive Style 5+, which is a meaningful film combined with the use of movie filming scenes. Impressive at a good time, the soundtrack to a great show. Walking astonishingly, FFFC presents the opposite in every aspect of boring scenery (20 minutes looking at the sweet beach at night - completely white stage - alien balls floating in the color space. White - hallway, strange school hall and ... Hallway of the school, movies, memorable dialogue, nothing funny or funny, record the fact that you died two generations , Soundtrack?, Unwanted performances, Irregular, Disjointed, and often flat.> There are many people who claim that this is what makes FFFC a great movie, which is a novelty every time. Pure genius This is just one way to make your ego look like "Unpredictable" may have a good quality for the movie if it doesn't come with "boring", "innocent" and "scary". Personally, I talked to two people who accepted me as FFFC. Terrible when they leave the cinema. But with the madness of the actors, bringing the art to make them watch the movie again and come back to me ... "Hey, it is quite good. I like it." <br /> <br /> I'll put my foot in the movie. This story slapped. I didn't care that Roger Ebert said that this movie was the best thing he had ever watched since. Lost his virginity "The new coat of the emperor" I can say ... This film has no way of showing other cypressed / trippy movies that will come from Japan in the last 10 years. Taste of Tea, Party 7 and Kamikaze Girls are much better movies (Even with a low budget) and no one can actually compare with Survive Style 5+. See FFFC only if you are interested in doing a lot on a limited budget.
