The Soloist has all the ingredients to impress the institution. Joe Wright, his director, has authored the best candidate. Robert Downey Jr., a leading actor in a superhero movie that has been widely praised Finally, the movie itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously pulled in late 2008, the movie and critics were baffled. Now that I have seen, I am confident that you are universal. But delaying the film to promote the rumor Iron Man-Oscar The Soloist is a weak drama with no external conflicts that are inferior to the best candidates in 2009. This star fox should not be blamed for this reason. Joe Wright is wrong. Yet he was unable to record the life story. Many movies are too complicated and make the audience alienated. This is unusual, simple. It is a movie about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who is a musician, Nathaniel Ayers. (Jamie Fox) That's it. Ayer is schizophrenic and doesn't reflect Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. Both became friends. They started this movie as an acquaintance and were BFF at the end. The tension consisted of such moments: Will Ayer let Lopez take him to a homeless shelter? This content should be more suitable for producing television programs than documentary films. <br /> <br /> Wright has a lot of cheap humor scenes to hide without content. Lopez fights raccoons in the house that makes dirty things that I think is a sub-plot. Do you remember that this event occurred in the Atonement or Pride and Prejudice? Those movies are structured enough to allow occasional jokes. But nothing prolonged The story behind the Ayers happens when it doesn't have to be. At worst, these scenes are not connected and appear randomly at random. It is a method that accepts that the main story has a slight appeal. Nathaniel is a violinist whose education is difficult. (I too) This is an attempt to create sympathy with Ayer when most of us already have He is a schizophrenic homeless who cries out loud! This film represents the love of human music such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. However, it is not as effective as one of the images. This film has been embraced by Ayer's schizophrenia. Finally it is the way he interacts with others. Being a musician is a good thing. But not worth it This film does not fully combine this feature with his personality, bringing music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives Upstairs and without remaining movies. Solo artists are about friendship in general rather than music. Nathaniel may be a writer or film critic and a few lines of dialogue must be taken seriously. <br /> <br /> This is Joe Wright's third movie. Hopefully this movie will not indicate his limited ability. There are stylistic consonants in his previous work, but The Soloist is much weaker than both. In his defense, Universal should not agree to release this image extensively. It seems that this movie is suitable for Imagine Entertainment. (Changeling's distributor) I will not be disappointed with it. If there is a limited version, the performance of a bad box office may deter a better drama not to spread across the country.
