Pornnamai was shot in the eyes that some people gave while creating an original movie that was long life. You know, this October, the lifetime will stop from the courageous stories of surviving women. (Enter the name of the disease here) to tell a rather creepy story of a woman who had been stalked by a former boyfriend. It's amazing, right? It's sappy ?? It's very boring. It does nothing to add to the original storytelling concept or to strive for novelty. Prom Night shares this fate. Seeing the killer drilled a hole in his victim, we sat quietly as they collapsed to the ground without a drop of blood. It happened to me that this is the cleanest murderer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working with a killer that looks good, so he is forced to pour on the camera angle to Make him look more cute. Think of Matthew McConaughey who comes to you with a knife. You might go ?? "OH! A good guy must kill me, right? Naaaa "Not even scary for a second. The director threw Schaech into the shadows and shoulders in the mirror. The reflection in this mirror was repeated to the point of sickness because it became the amulet of the creator. You will get a panic jump 15 times in this film, 2 stories which make the day I jump. (I might mention that she was afraid of everything.) I also mentioned that she decided to take a nap half way through the movie and at one point threatened to leave me. <br /> <br /> As if the movie This is not separate enough, seems to be cut into small pieces. I did not say that it seemed that the major issue would be left on the cutting floor while the crew scrambled to save the image of the horror movie. I'm saying that when the movie moves from one scene to another, you often jump like a vibration. This is what you expect when one movie is flammable and the projectors are forced to do each other together and cross their fingers and hope for the best. Should fix this shot. <br /> <br /> With the plot, you can put two sentences, one blood spray, one lost, an emo killer, and the tension of the special episode "Silver Spoon" again without reason. To support the horror movie this weekend? At least on the big screen In fact, this is a kind of movie that should be punished. Is it really difficult to create a scary movie? Does this crew know that they are creating horror movies ?? !! Waste both your time and completely I ask you to comment Don't let my sacrifice be in vain. Don't go into the movie !!!
