When you insert this DVD into your player and press the "play" button, you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen because the laser is directed to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. Accept this period Make sure you have Tylenol or something (should be a PM for you to fall asleep) because you will get a lot of headaches when the film begins. <br /> <br /> Starring a big breasted girl and With an opening that makes me laugh a bit, I think I will be in a good time. Of course, the opening sequence is a bit awkward. WEE is a little bit and most of the jokes fail and it looks like this is a scream ripoff (my only laughing way comes from Julie Strain's last comment in this scene) but Then I realized that there was a problem ... The opening sequence had a very bad rock song. During this terrifying rock song, I watched the title of the DVD and saw things that said "TOPLESS IN THE BACKYARD!" And "Better than sex!" I know that the selling point of this movie is still <br /> <br /> And that's the sad truth: The only good thing about this movie is the attracting actors. In addition, it is a tragic slasher movie that has an "innovative" concept about a murder club that has become a fake. So the whole movie points in another way to try to create this great confusion and mystery. But everything is increasing and is not interesting at all and makes you feel like you are not interested in any characters. I mean, when the main character of the movie revealed that he had killed a naive woman, you would feel sympathetic. Can you, when she is scared of her life? Scream's influence is prevalent, along with the killer, ghost and gags that are really scary. We were also treated to the scene of the main character talking to her mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! Other wonderful parts of the movie!) About abortion or something. Oh, yes ... This is not a movie. "Good - bad - good." It's just bad. <br /> <br /> People compare this to Troma movie, but ... Did you know that most movies Coming from the full moon (Or its shoots as this movie proves) is scary, not scary in terms of Troma - I've seen many Troma movies, and I can honestly say that they offer everything you can. Walk with and tell your friends later. However, this movie has nothing to enjoy with it. Be careful.
