The killer wears a white plastic mask and a black coat is killing a friend of Hollywood maker Chun Banning. (Danny Walski), his successor when someone cuts his former employer from the target to the chest Perhaps psychiatry recently hired Maddy (Dabbie Rochon), a beauty that has black hair, a raven, and a family with a past problem that is full of dreams. Shawn and his friends play jokes on Maddy related to the club. The murders they started by each member were randomly selected to kill victims. When Maddy accidentally killed a woman in the garage because of a dent in her car. By this person, she found that Shawn's friend was jerking her chain. But Shawn and his companions were concerned about Maddy's acceptance of the murder and thought of changing her to be an appropriate officer. The decision to wait for the exact decision, each member, was the victim of a white mask with Maddy, the suspect, considering the fact that she had killed before. Or is there someone else behind these murders? The executive produced by Charles Band, a low budget, with a blood murder that could not be persuaded. There are many nipples on display and the stupid character of Allen Nabors. Chris may entertain people with low expectations. The murder includes a stomach that is opened with a bowel show, a shredded neck, an electrical cord thrown into a pool that fry female victims that are all day long to escape, the ax buried in the back of the victim. Man and go above all it One pair was strangled with a rope during their sexual climax (.. to add a killer effect, use the socket wrench of the socket wrench to use as a special twist on the tightest rope. As far as possible There is a lot of space to drive a truck. For example, why Maddy had a nightmare that she didn't do, how could she kill someone violently (with blood all around her), waking up in bed? Without leaving anything at all At the crime scene to easily engage with her and how long will Shawn go? Let her continue to work at the company, even though she says about murder, her actions and the desire to join the club. <br /> <br /> The thing that bothered me the most is the desire of the movie that makes us feel empathic with this female protagonist who wants I joined the club after killing someone later by declaring it an accident. This movie created Maddy a psychotic that may have happened because of her past. Her family refused abortion. She has black skin and is often winding up crime scenes appropriately according to reality. In many slashers, those who seem to be murderers are usually red herring. But this movie is out of the story to point your finger at Maddy. When the rotation happens, we leave Maddy. But we know that she is not in the head It was a difficult sales event for this chick. Although she looks good in men's military shirts and Rochon is not afraid to let her puppies breathe as well, horror fans with a small budget will be admired by the cult favorite Brinke Stevens as a mother. A religious fanatic who teaches what Maddy did, calling her the murderer as the beloved Troma creator. Wise to protect the daughter he truly cares about Julie's siren cultivar has a little pendant showing her nipples (of course) while the murdered male girlfriend accepts her head crushed with a hammer. Oh and try to see the office that Shawn works. You will see many full moon posters and artworks spread across the wall.
