One of the most common items in the 'goofs' category is irregularities. Although I began to believe that other irregularities and mistakes were more acceptable, even being ignored in a very good movie. But found in the front and centered on the rotten movie KISS THEM FOR ME is a film that is rotting and unusual But when watching it closely, I didn't find anything particularly unusual. <br /> <br /> The picture of the plane that booked this movie. Transporting a large engine four times after seeing the name "Honolulu 2487" seems to be after the war. C-97 Stratofreighter (in MATS color) The fighter seen from the airline at the end is Douglas Skyraiders, who was active after WW2. And gained fame from serving in Vietnam. <br /> <br /> But except for both these movies and of course Hairstyles, everything else can be a very real time. It just 'feels' wrong. I'm a fan of Stanley Donen. We share the same birthday. In his collaboration with ON THE TOWN (1949), there was a car chase at the end, along with the police who drove Ford's 1949/50 car, but there was no feeling of being out of place in the WW2 era movie. Actually, when I was contemplating later, nothing said that this should be a World War II movie. It felt like that. Based on the Broadway musical, which is based on ballet (free fancy) which may be based on the work of the artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet's In! 1934). A great movie about the crew in 24 hours in New York and Very heavy in the relationship during the war, presumably it happened during the war and these contemporary cars didn't do anything to destroy the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is the old Gary Grants. Even if it is too old to be a naval bomber pilot SBD But it is a tradition of Hollywood for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) in younger players It was the role that he was a hypocrite, not his age. He played the operator while they used to call them. Men who do various things successfully and break all the rules while doing it still admire and fall in love with it. Businessmen, dealers, wheels, characters, de rigueur in comedy. Grant service is the comic center of what should be. Is a funny service that contrasts with his funny style. <br /> <br /> Think of the comedy of Grant, like BRINGING UP BABY (1938) or ARSENIC and OLD LACE (1944) and he is a great reactor. Must reduce comedy The purpose of the context of his dignity as a pool of jelly inert, sluggish in their KISS comics, which he expects will be a spark plug, not him. People have been exposed to the most recent genre recently to the cartoonist Phil Silvers as Sgt Bilko on television. The role will be complete later by James Garner. But here, Grant is just not funny and seems to be a bully going his way by pushing his grandmother Gary Grant more seriously than to harass and finessing. <br /> <br /> But what A truly unusual place is women who are leaders. Can't have a 50s woman more than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They're not unique to the decade. Marilyn Monroe can be in continuation with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson and the number of stupid blonde and Grace Kelly is another noble person. (Think Mary Ast) but never a woman in movies like Mans. Sure there are 'sweaters' (like Lana Turner) of WW2, but Mansfield is stretching Suzy Parker issues The model that revolutionized the model business that transformed models like poses to become the first natural girl to move and have personality captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) by Stanley Donen) <br /> <br /> Of course in High 50s style seems to have mixed sex in the party. 'Wild' but never had sex. (Think of the 50s TV program, bachelor's degree, father or Bob Cummings Show at the men, the dinner jacket returned from the 'date' alone). The original book that I have not read was published during the war and appeared as Broadway plays at the end of the war and the differences in situations must not be avoided for readers and contemporary audiences but have broken down and created many decades later and the dance Mockingly serious, it remains a stain that was forgotten once exemplary career until the invention of the VCR and cable TV are raised turkeys petrified /> <br /> So the lesson here <br. It will be overlooked in great movies like CITIZEN KANE (who heard Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud' really) and endure the destruction of WESTWORLD (why the robot actually received the first bullet)? Insulting in the rotten movie, even if the fool doesn't exist.
