In the veins of the suspected Melrose Brooks "Every Moses!" Tried to bring the Bible story of Moses and make it fun to make a bible that never existed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot that This is just an excuse to cut down the strong, funny talent. Dudley Moore and Lennon Newman tour the bus in the Holy Land when they stumble across an ancient book roll in a cave. There they read the stories of Herschel and Zerelda, played by Moore and Newman. The life of Herschel is similar to that of Moses. He was sent to the river to meet Pharaoh's family at the same time that Moses was Herschel's late father, born James Herschel, became Herschel's slave after Herschel was rescued by idol builders and worked as a carver. Eventually, Herschel came to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, exiled and ended by taking care of the flock of Moses. Herschel and Moses were brothers in law, married to sisters and Herschel thought that God had chosen him to free his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the word of God. But Herschel mistakenly I will stop here to laugh like crazy ... Stop ... Continue. The rest of the film is a scene written about Moore and the actor who acted as a "special match". These scenes were not pushed. Pushing the plot forward, they bring a little story with a crushing stop. <br /> <br /> Jack Gilford plays as a tailor. Dom DeLuise may have three lines when he Meet Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is the chief angel. Just to read the same line that he gave in "The Paper Chase." David L. Lander is a fake blind man. "Heal" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of Zerelda's brothers. Went to Herschel and had about one and a half minutes to screen the screen. John Ritter plays the devil. Richard Pryor has one scene as Pharaoh. But apparently filmed at a time different from Moore's scenes, because both did not appear on the screen together! In the end, Zerelda became a salt pillar after looking back at the destruction of the new Sodom. Herschel wrote the Ten Commandments and gave Moses the joy of everything. In the final scene, the screenwriter decided to try and save this superficial movie, with Herschel tempting God to quarrel. God came out as a powerful bully who brought Herschel for his fun, speaking through him, just to give him the Ten Commandments. We also have Zerelda that claims "God works in mysterious ways". Thus making the behavior of Christians in all matters unbelievable. <br /> <br /> This movie is not a joke. There is no laughter that can be found anywhere. At least Monty Python has made fun of the religious navigation that is accepted in "Life of Brian" in addition to suspicious Jesus life. But here there is a sense of humor, paving and characters. This makes Mel Brooks look like Merchant / Ivory. The Anglican Church is not satisfied with the religion's attitude towards religion. But from the stigma that the film show impressed with their own groundbreaking (I know, not a word) in the story that they don't know anything. "Moses is complete!" Is all bad things and is a shame for everyone involved. I suggest you read this book instead. <br /> <br /> This has been rated (PG) for physical violence, vulgarity, sexual references and situations for adults.
