Is a complete trash Plot, even when the action of the movie revolves around the plane, do you think the writer / producer / director (or anyone!) Will do a little homework, at least with a little detail? That mistake made me feel embarrassed at the end of the movie. This is just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - definitely worse than the "Air Force One" phenomenon. The F-117 commercial airlines often have their logo on the plane instead of the Boeing 747. It is possible that the director uses Boeing's advertising / publicity image (right). The touch wiring connected by the spiral wire is the best for wiring in the house, lesser avionics aircraft wiring. Multi-million dollar Airplanes such as the 747 depend on the pressure alone instead of the oxygen supply of the ship to maintain the air that is emitted and if they rely on the amount of cans on the boat, it is larger than the fist size. Medical tape is not an appropriate substitute for connecting spiral pipes, that is, F-16, not F-15 Mach 1+ (speed of sound) that will be difficult to reach the static engine that runs up to fly up. (See the speed indicator of the air) "Standard form" Just create the formation within one mile of sea. The "path" formation is what they are flying - not the most useful formation for extraction. partition "Receiving missile locks" is unlikely to get attention from airline pilots - they do not have radar detection or retaliation. "Waiting for my signal" is not communication between flights to prepare to shoot anything. The slump of opening the door on the flight was not immediately the reason for the steep left bank. Shouting at the headset doesn't make the transmission The magnetic head will be treated as a "head", not a "bearing" and the head is between 001 and 360 degrees (the roundabout in the air is like a compass on the floor!), So turn left (not "port", yes, that's a matter of The boat) from the "bearing" of 618 to 502 is just stupid. In most cases, it is simply impossible. "Turn the left yoke until the correct subject" That will result in a 360 degree rotation until the yoke is centered again. The likelihood of a flight attendant in the search and success of automatic pilot participation is far greater than the possibility that she will be able to safely land a plane. The plane did not stop as soon as the throttle was pulled back and the 747 had more than one lever to control multiple thrust engines. The female genitalia will decrease gradually, usually before and after the extension of the gear immediately, not the second before landing. (It's a good way to crash) Wheel brakes need to stop the plane, just pull the throttle. (This time a different lever in the movie) to walk gently will allow you to exit the end of the runway at a slower speed. I'm talking about those fighters that are F-16 and not F-15 or not. I guess, and that's what I remember recently from watching this horrible movie.
