French director Jean Rollin is not well known for the great movies and this confusion is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this production is the name. For directors who are famous for directing movies about vampires, lesbians You expect the movie with the word 'nude' in the name to be a movie without buttons. But in reality it doesn't have many nudity. Instead of vampires, erotic lesbians without clothes We have a tricky plot about a man who wants to unravel the secret to immortality. A distressed girl may hold the keys and suicidal ideals that do not do much. The film began to shine with the scene that saw a girl wearing a mysterious mask under the eyes of the young French man who was the son of an important man. From his investigation, he soon found that this woman was not just an ordinary woman and as he dug deep into the doctrine; He discovered that the bullets could not kill, drink blood and could not go outside in the daytime ... It seems that I would kill the vampires. <br /> <br /> Jean Rollin makes the fantasy atmosphere continue throughout the movie. But it was not interesting because the plot was severely executed It is possible to track what has happened. But just because there are many other movies that follow the story like this movie The director seemed to know that he had been busy with the plan because Climax was an excuse to explain the movie to the audience. There is a thrown thread at the end yet; But this movie would be better without it. I guess this is Jean Rollin's attempt to be a little original. But it turned out to be a great effort in this matter instead of the logical continuation of the story The film was quite neat, with a lot of plot occurring in the right Gothic place. The girl on the board makes the picture beautiful, complete and Rollin's movie lacks logic and stability. It's created in style. In the defense of this film, it was created in 1969; Which is quite explain the lack of impact But I can't recommend this movie because there is not much that should be worth taking notes.
