This review may contain spoilers. <br /> <br /> Just when you think they don't make them terrible anymore, Rae Dawn Chong is a space fox and Willie Nelson as a magician. Native Americans! Even worse, when you consider these two things a better aspect of `Starlight ', the movie that should be viewed for laughing only. <br /> <br /> Pak Chong is an alien who was sent to Earth for Find only the remaining things. Half-breed, part one and part aliens Obviously the world is in a terrible strait. There is something wrong with the genetics of humanity and in a few decades the world will become a polluted land. Only the benevolent alien species can help protect the planet. Don't ask me what it is because the movie impresses that the world will be destroyed by human pollution. You will think that the world will be saved from the elimination of polluting creatures, not helping them! However, the half-breed became Billy Wirth, a man who lived in a small town in the southwest and was part of a Native American from his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother was a red-headed Caucasian and grandfather. His name is Willy Nelson. This is not one type of Malarkey that caused Carmen Electra to explode. The great 'The Chosen One' like a groan? Come to her boat when Wirth almost drowned after driving his motorcycle to the lake for negligence as a result of his girlfriend's breakup. Before you say 'Hogwarts', reveal her secret to Wirth, who was not surprised for a moment and spread the word to the Wirth family. Chong also made friends with Wirth's mother, who seemed to lose marbles. For many years Because Wirth's father was an alien who left her Of course, he was a standard rogue alien who chose this period comfortably to come to Earth for Wirth so he could use Wirth's DNA to make people in his world become his slave (Hmmm?). His ludicrous use of psychic power and capturing the Wirth sucked up most of the screen and was the worst scene in the movie. Not only would they be boring. But it's the scene that you will see the most. <br /> <br /> The idea may be good on paper. But they will manage here with the most foolishness, especially in The above scenes with rogue aliens But the effect is bad for the movie The opening scene involves a box on her spacecraft, communicating with some of her bosses that we don't see. But Pak Chong communicates with the pink light emitting tank They use speechless words. But telepathy, so we are treated to subtitles The problem is that both Pak Chong and her superior narrative both have the same characteristics, and the director doesn't tell you what the two actually say "say" at any time, which makes the whole conversation nothing but Gibberish The spaceship is the worst effect to come out of Hollywood on this side of the Ed Wood movie. Now I tend to be lenient with the effects when dealing with a budget movie. Low like this But these effects really came to me. The most obnoxious thing is the easiest thing: the night sky that is fake. The stars in the sky are almost fake. The most striking thing is the moment when Pak Chong told the people she came from the Pleiades and we got the seven stars. This thing is that seven stars take about half of the night sky in this movie, but Stargazer everyone knows that the Pleiades are a star cluster between the constellations Perseus and Taurus, and that star cluster doesn't have space in the sky. These effects will make you feel that your jaw will hang down every moment. Be careful because it will pass through the ground at the end when the effect causes Willie Nelson to turn into a human spotlight and .. Oh, it must be believed that it must be right! <br /> <br /> Bright stars The last star I saw tonight I hope I can. I hope to be able to; No need to watch this trash again today. <br /> <br /> Zantara's score: 1 out of 10
