Please note: I see from various posts that there are silent versions, original and audio versions of this same movie. I saw the version of the sound, and it was beautifully yicky. Considering that some models stated that the original version was longer and that there was no pretense copying, I had to read this article in my heart. Love as a filmmaker and Louise Brooks has a little cult following. Here are a number of ways to create a movie with bad technique. While Hollywood changed to sound mode for about a year From 1929 until the early 30th century until the middle of the last decade, many famous French films were mostly silent movies with a lot of dialogue and slap sound effects. The movement of the lips in many ways, and in particular, this film is not close to what was said, and this explains why Americans like Ms. Brooks can make French movies. This is just sloppy and I want them to do silent movies - and as a silent movie, this story will be a general movie - with excellent cameras (sometimes) and good quiet performances. <Br / > The problem that I found in this movie is too easy. For a quiet play, circa 1920, it should be good, but in 1930, the standard had a slight change (which means "old" - not "cool"). A woman won a beauty contest and her fiance was not. Able to cope She gave it all temporarily. But was tempted to come back to live a luxurious life and this is your end! The melodious music, right? And it looks simple and slightly underdeveloped. <br /> <br /> Finally, the character of the fiancé (?) I find myself annoying and unreal. He looks like Harold Lloyd and spends a lot of time in movies that have been attacked by friends and chosen by friends and others while he uses it throughout the movie and without any resolution. The treatment he received was lively. Should the audience laugh when he is abused? This seems like something that is implied and I don't like it. <br /> <br /> There is a better French movie (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regain and others)) as well as Better silent movies I just don't understand the high ratings of this movie.
