I realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always a problem. That is the only thing I can say about the truly scary adaptation. <br /> <br /> You read 'Wise Blood?' It's an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor writes about the south as no one else has. She is a native of the South, a devout Catholic and an amazingly talented writer. In her first novel, she clothed stories of faith, doubt and redemption with horrible humor. The characters in this book may look insidious for those who do not live in the southern countryside. But I assure you that these people actually exist They exist not only But they are human beings with family, feelings and concerns like others Flannery's intentions are often misunderstood - she is not taunting these zealots. She sees the beautiful work of what she calls 'Grace' ... even in the most violent and distressing situations. Enigmatic If you want to read 'Wise Blood', it must be washed with the feeling of fear and impending doom. In the end it was a long and hard thinking about our judgment and prejudice - our global view. <br /> <br /> This does not happen in John Huston's 'Gilligan's Island' adaptation. No. It is a joke about bad things. This movie is full of majesty that transforms the stomach. The performance is not good, the southern accent is fake and insulting. The filmmakers did not comment on the thoughts of the southern religions. Ms. O'Connor's intense prose reduced to just a joke and a cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mixture of Hayed's madness and Clockwork Orange style electronics that are not suitable for the story or even movies. I visited this movie for free and almost walked out. Indeed, really scary. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Ms. O'Connor's religious views, and while I was raised in the lower south years ago, I went north. And not Looking back But the south is a beautiful place filled with fascinating people (like elsewhere on the planet) and mocking the comics with the Southern people and their attitude being managed in the border. disgusting If you are offended (Which I can't) then this movie, mostly DEFINITELY, cross the line. <br /> <br /> I don't like talking about the artist's work - John Huston is someone I don't know and I'm sure he's a filmmaker. Which is sincere and talented, which is the place he respects in the proof of movie history My views are skewed clearly by reading (and loving) the Flannery O'Connor event, so I don't claim to come from other perspectives. Maybe it's a standalone movie that works with movies, but for fans. Of Flannery O'Connor - and I may add for the self-respecting people and the general public in every bar - this film doesn't take long
