The movie is steeped in religion, so it is impossible to separate it from religion to comment. In my opinion, this movie pretends to explore deep problems. But thrive on stereotypes and prejudices; With a little real understanding What people in the movie (And the author) cannot see the grace They failed to understand that God was the author of beauty and that He created the passion and sexual satisfaction in the context of the right marriage. It is implied that people in society with narratives believe that nudity is sinful and that both men and women who enjoy marriage are dirty. Such patterns do not exist, even the sacred writings of the Jews speak clearly to a caring husband who will seek the satisfaction of his wife in front of him. The scripture says that a man should love his wife as if he loved his own flesh and no one hated his own flesh. But he nourishes and nourishes it Even if you want to ignore the new covenant, the writer and the characters don't care that there are messages like Solomon's songs in the Old Testament and even the proverbial book that says "Rejoice in your wife. Let her breasts always satisfy you! " How can read in any other way besides that God knows and approves and smiles the marriage union and its enjoyment? A true man should not overlook the value and needs of his wife. Those who reject the basic teachings of Judea / Christian God do not say those things. It is ridiculous. Sonia rebels because of Abraham's true teachings of God. It doesn't have to be like that. So sad What Sonia truly wants is true, not tradition. In knowing and obeying God, we love others more before us. That is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph. Once for everyone to deliver to the Saints; Buy and pay by the righteous Jesus Christ. But it doesn't matter. Ignore all of this and abandon the ancient sacred scriptures and turn to the wisdom of the homeless. & That ghost is a good map. I will not recommend this movie; Partly because sexual content is unnecessary graphics. But it is because it does not offer any valuable insights. Check "Yentl" if you want to see more useful practices of Jewish tradition that conflict with society.
