I am very afraid of this film. I am extremely embarrassed and ashamed of the way in which Puertoricans were broadcast. This documentary is not about the culture of the Puertoricans. It is about the culture of Nuyoricans, Puertoricans and Nuyoricans as two different cultures. The culture is very different and should not mention the Puerto Rican population. Rosie Before you make a documentary, you have to do research. You must check and make sure your sources are reliable. Puerto Ricans weren't as loud and they had a class which was one of the documentaries lacking performances. When I saw Rosie and Jimmy on the view and Rosie on Martha Stewart, I was so excited to see. I also make sure to let my parents know because they love Puerto Rico a lot. After the first five minutes I couldn't believe that the documentary hit the United States and made Puerto Ricans look like Guinea pigs. You have to go to Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not the 3rd world country with a population of more than 50% that is poor. Puerto Rico has well-known colleges and universities, roads, cars, department stores, department stores (the biggest Kmart and JCPenney that I Ever seen) restaurants, cinemas, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, churches, agriculture, Expresso, auto and restaurants, just a few names. Poverty? Not 50% of the total population Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebration and trying to move forward, not back. Oh, and the new cousin doesn't just come up. No, that's not what Puerto Rico is a slum. We are not illegitimate, parents of Puertorican who want to teach children about Puerto Rico should invest in family travel so that they can see first hand how Puerto Rico is. They will see beauty, people and culture. Please do not show this documentary to them because it will only cause them to think with rejection. Oh, and please don't tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it will make Puertorican people look insane. <br /> <br /> Yes, I was born and raised from Puerto Ricans from the island. Just so you know!
