You have to respect this movie. It may be "just a stupid movie." But it is the # 1 most requested movie in the online movie forum, which has been requested by people who remember the story. But can't remember the name Therefore, the following is a very detailed description of the detailed plot, since I cannot find such an explanation anywhere on the internet. <br /> <br /> 2-storey typical houses are shown in the suburbs. Bridget, 7 years old, told a story that suspected something had happened since her and her 11-year-old brother Andrew had received a gift from their parents without a clear reason. Bridget's gift was immediately stuffed with her name Sweet William. Bridget described her cousin: Aunt Ruth, a nurse, a caretaker who cared for Grandma Graham, who made a doll out of socks and Andrews. Ruth, her brother, who is an electronic device and is not satisfied. Gram did not intend to lay the lieutenant-governor, which showed that she was traveling with the family Two children eat breakfast while adults talk about moving grams to a nursing home. Bridget made a horrible pancake sandwich with cereal, eggs, bacon, strawberries and syrup, while Andrew looked incredibly. Then the two children talked about Gram and Andrew spoke frankly that Gram was right. "Going to feed on the grasslands" Bridget talked to Grams in the attic. There was a tea party played with Sweet William in her bedroom. The live doll emerged from the closet mirror in her bedroom without expectation. Dream <br /> <br /> Bridget and the doll have become familiar. The female doll with curly hair is named Huggins and lives in Huggaland Bridget. Huggins baseball cap from Andrew Huggins' room hides under the cloth when Bridget's mother comes in. Then the mother throws the cloth into the washing machine. The fabric with the huggins Bridget helps Huggins and make her dry with a hair dryer. They talked about the problems with the older Grams and had to move away. Huggins said Bridget could talk to the bookworm in Huggaland about this because he knew everything. They stepped through the glass to go to Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes was stuck in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Instead of walking around with one shoe, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. They find Hugsy dolls. The small, crest-haired Huggaland immediately hugs him for the Hugsy baseball cap. They also meet Tickles, Bubbles, Impkins and Tweaker and every doll sings while sitting on the bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and the Huggins in his hugwagon. To see the worm Books that live on a giant book stack Bookworm counseling "Old Encyclopedia" and found that age can be cured by eating fruits of However, there is only one such tree and is in the country of shrugs which are ruled by the queen of crystals. The only way to travel to shrug is to jump into a deep hole in a nearby giant book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and two dolls gulp three times, jump down and roll over. They soon walked on the sidewalk, heard a broken glass and fell from the sidewalk. When the gravitational force of the passage ended, they found "big shaggy", which seemed extinct. From the body, but Hugsy walked bravely and embraced the behemoth, which became a baby elephant named Hodgepodge. The Hodgepodge was under the spell of the queen and owed to Hugsy, so they all sat on the back of Hodgepodge. The castle they entered the castle, surrounded by creatures that spin around like a queen. (Queen Addira) came and Bridget asked to have a few babies. Queen refused to eat by herself and boasted about her youth while looking at the mirror. Hottie was sweet when the queen said he should "digest". The Queen was angry when Bridget said that the wicked witch should have warts, so the queen took Bridget and ordered the other three to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen threw the key to the dome of Sudbury, using the key to lock the dome. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses his "noodles" (doors) to Pull the prison door Therefore freeing himself and two dolls with him They found Bridget standing still, hugging her doll, which raised Bridget. Before they escaped, Bridget found the left key behind to the small tree dome, raised the dome, and they chose strawberry sapling and shone into the bottle. The queen captured them. But the queen's arms were stuck under the dome while reaching the keys that Bridget left on the floor. Suddenly the queen was very old, because she was excluded from giving berries and seemed to die. Soon Bridget went through the mirror into her bedroom. But traveling at the bottom of the mirror shines the berries on her floor and the berries disappear quickly into one person at a time. Her mother called her and Andrew to say goodbye to Graeme, who was leaving the house after retirement. Andrew makes a grimace and hugs Gram, telling him that he loves her and doesn't want her to leave. Their father was moved and decided to keep Grams there, and everyone hugged and cried, including Aunt Ruthie, who was a key person who pressured Grams to move out. <br /> <br /> Andrew Edge St Bridget's Bridget began to explain how she gave Huggins of Huggaland, but Andrew didn't want to hear what he believed was her fantasy story, so he turned to look in her bedroom. One doll secretly closed the lid back to Bridget. Bridget wore a hat on Andrew's head. Andrew was puzzled and left her bedroom without saying anything. Bridget waved to the glass cheerfully.
