I had high hopes when I heard that it was created in 2001 because I read "The Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and I found it very interesting. They made some changes to the story that was not reasonable with me. Daniel Webster in this story is a famous lawyer from New Hampshire. In the film story, he is an editor. The lawyer has more reasons because he became a representative of Jabez Stone against the devil. He / himself (he is a man in the story But being a woman in the movie) in the trial that both spirits were in the line As an editor, it seems that Daniel Webster doesn't have the skills to do this. <br /> <br /> The performance is suitable for everyone except Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. This is two actors that I like. They do very well. In this movie As if they thought they were performing in comedy But this movie is more serious than a joke. This may be partly due to the fact that the film was filmed with a specific vision in mind and was modified by others. From this fact, it is surprising that it is all consistent. I was surprised to see the number of SNL actors in the movie, which made me believe that it might have been filmed with the intention of being a comedian. <br /> <br /> All in all. I must say that it's not scary. But it's not that good If I can get half an hour back and do something else with me, I will The ending was extremely disappointing. In the original story, Daniel Webster eliminated the demons in the trial. Then Jabez began to screen again at the beginning of the movie ... Actually, we were just brought back to the first scene with Jabez and the movie ended immediately. Actually, it seems that they just played the scene. The first of Jabez repeated and called it the end. There is no indication that Jabez has benefited from any knowledge or experience that he has received. So who says that he does not just repeat the mistakes over and over again and maybe even repeats? It was a very disappointing end and didn't make much sense. The right actors and everyone's performances except Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that make this story not a complete and perfect sandwich.
