Is this a comedy or a drama? I started this review by asking this question because the movie I just saw Hollywood Shuffle is not funny or quite amazing. While it tries hard to make issues because of lack of meaning (Comedy or drama), clever forms and words that have pointed While I strongly believe that too much racial history has been established in Hollywood even today, I do not believe that the launch of Townsend's director will stop. But I felt that it only added fuel to the fire. Townsend's comic period in this film is disastrous due to the fact that the elements that he should make fun of him is to promote and vice versa. The part that should be seriously destroyed is because of lack of funny jokes. Townsend has a good idea with this film. But sadly, the executions were the thing that ultimately hurt the film. If you watch the movie preview (Which I do all the time) You will get a clear guilt of what you will see This example impresses the smart and intelligent animated film that prides itself on the intelligence of the audience. But this movie can't be far from the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem of Hollywood Shuffle is not the story itself. (Because lacking in detail); It is the direction of Townsend. He had a great idea with this film. Take advantage of Hollywood that takes advantage of our competition. Good ideas. But why isn't he doing well? The first reason is his thoughts are too random and periodic. The structure of this movie is like watching a heart attack on a monitor at a hospital. We are everywhere, without warning or map. Clearly, Townsend is quite speaking. But only for a short time, so instead of defining his character, developing his theme and creating a really smart movie, he just threw it all together and Pray that it is usable Sadly, it's not. Rather than being a funny comedy, we have a mixture of many ideas, funny plays and improper actors that the film has changed from good to almost impossible to watch. The thing that hurt Townsend the most was his short time trying to create comedy interrupted throughout the story. From a fight with a villain known as Jerry Curl, a parody of Siskel & Ebert, Townsend's efforts to stimulate fun while speaking a stumbling block of the film industry This is because these small games divert attention from the center of the movie and destroy the interior. While saying that Townsend is trying to create a joke about Hollywood life, he actually is connected to the original and the ancient idea in the book. Things that may be beautiful words change to just ordinary humor that has never been quite far from the rest. <br /> <br /> So if you find yourself not laughing, the humor of this subject may be comfortable in Knowing that some Wayans brothers are nearby to help make this boring story wrong! The Wayans is in this movie But Townsend shows that he has the ability to bring the worst things out, even in this fun family. Of course, during the Pre-In Living Color, they see that comedy is something everyone wants for. Continuous improvement Maybe it was the direction of the Townsend or it could be just a terrifying story. But these comedians are often overlooked and ignored when talking about the film's critics. I just thought that with the talent pool that the Townsend had to pull out of the Hollywood Shuffle, it would be funny, bright and really stabbed in this dilemma. Sadly, it's not above all. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to say that this is a movie that works. Some time (While they have a few people and far away) with a smile on my face, the final product was not good with me. Townsend is a joke. But in this film, it feels like he plays himself instead of his personal experiences and problems. I know that he may speak the truth. But it never passed like that But we are told through a weak story that supports itself with a silly flash clip that may work for the computer. But it didn't work for this movie Even for those who commented that this was his first debut and he learned from this film, I had to disagree. If you are restarting, there may be a tight script or theme defined. Townsend does not have these things, and when combined with his inability to control his actors, he fails in the fire. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's quite disappointing in Watching It reminds me of the elementary school of spelling Bee. Finally, it's time for your child to spell this difficult word, but when the first two or three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly. There are "P" and "R" quietly at random that forces your excitement to fall. That's what I feel with Hollywood Shuffle. At first I saw the potential. I saw the style and motivation behind the image. But with a vague and inexperienced technique, and after the first couple of scenes, I found deep feelings Townsend sank his own boat on this ship, and I don't think Hollywood Shuffle will submerge again during the important moments of Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> Grade: * from * ****
