After the scene opens, robbing a lively bank, if predictable, 'Set It Off' will rush into the trough and sink. This is a movie about disgust, frustration, stereotypes, instead of characters, unusual manipulation instead of consistent planning and ugly cocktails of intense feelings and violence that do not need to be thought of instead of intellect or Feeling In the short term, it does not differ from 90% of Hollywood products, but is a racial angle that makes 'Set It Off' a very sad example of creating contemporary movies. Positioning is a celebration of 'sistahood'. This movie is celebrating the most brutal form of 'Gangsta' destruction of African-American people. This time the gang is dragging. This film is not only But pointed out that the gangsters were the beginning for all African Americans tied to cash or were slightly confused by men But it presented Sista as a shallow object. Moreover, 'Set It Off' takes advantage of the form of racial discrimination and disadvantages, just as a device for restructuring the weak plot. The social issues associated with intense competition were mocked in the form of plans and opportunities to demonstrate the armed robbery. They were immediately abandoned as the film caused the end. Inevitably ordinary A bunch of liberal care, guilt-ridden (told to Rodney King) and inspired 'good' sista, Jada Pinkett Smith followed the path of moving up the top of the hood and into the world of self-indulgence. middle class Opened to her by her bank manager, buppie bank, 'Set It Off' shows the profound status of the movie. blaxploitation A contemporary that is hidden in the pattern of unconscious thugs and feigned to celebrate life in the hood all the time. While the likes of 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s may have a glowing map and a well-worn plan. But they have freshness, energy and innocence that attracts attention from viewers of all nationalities and also enjoy watching. 'Set It Off' is not worth it to be offended if it is not a symptom of a dramatic decline. Sad and the shock of the African-American filmmaking since the date of the trend in the early 1990s
