This movie is messy. But at least not boastful Clip art for video marketing "The fun goes back" with the giant bug movie in the 1950s. In fact, it's a basement that bargains for the transparency of "aliens". <br /> <br /> Producers want to create "aliens" like Clear, but they don't have much money In fact, it doesn't look like they have any real money. I hope everyone will receive compensation for this work. <br /> <br /> The basic plot is preserved. - A group of people who split up with living things, insects that kill insects - and the world position is inserted. Instead of setting up movies in space that no one can hear their screams, they set up movies in hospitals where everyone can see your budget. The amusing thing about "Blue Monkey" (and the only thing that is amusing about it) is that the filmmakers don't abandon the aesthetics of "aliens". Even though we are in the hospital, we still have a cave appendix. It is unlikely that scientific experiments are being conducted in this case, the plot device. "Growth hormone" that is reliable The annex also doubled in the boiler room. (Or something) so we can have explanations for monsters that search for warmth The boiler room is so large that it is filled with many levels of catwalks, suitable for letting the slime flow down between the woods. <br /> <br /> The idea is that men working in the greenhouse Attacked by Drooping flowers from rare imported plants that grow in exotic locations He touched it and said, "Oh," so we know that he's hurt. His fingerprints left him unconscious in a matter of minutes and at the hospital he gave birth to white worms through his mouth. (I guess in the form of "aliens" this thing is called "mouthburster"?). The worm is separated But the naughty little boy (Leukemia patients) sneak into it and "intend" to give experimental growth hormones You know that everyone is having problems when the fornicating hospital workers are attacked by a camera on a crane and soon the maintenance worker finds the correct cocoon before he is caught with a reliable half-insect arm. The rest of the movie is dominated by a semi-demonic monster concealed by semi-darkness. <br /> <br /> Which brings us back to "Aliens". How can you ask if the movie is in the hospital? Can the total flash light in the movie "ALIEN" be included? No problem ... The power outage (or something) causes the electrical system to distort, which clearly makes the flash in every hospital room and flashes all the time in the movie. This pair of robes is a comfortable robe for less special effects. (Even if the insect looks good But they do not move well.> OK. So what the "alien" base doesn't cover us ... Oh, the water drops down the wall! Check ... We will split the large hospital into two parts, then send some characters through a wet and drenched basement to the other side. Troubleshooting Now we have a chance for shooting. And don't forget the fog ... okay, you don't need any excuse for horror movies, right? OK, probably in the hospital that you do, so we will create a smoke with many things that spark and burn. <br /> <br /> I didn't say anything about the acting that wasn't important, not the actors. will receive What kind of script to follow me use it "Blue Monkey" should be light and fun, and then it is a good effort But the pieces didn't come together and the movie ended with a real drag. Watch a movie called "Return of the Aliens: The Deadly Spawn" if you want to watch this type of movie that is correct with less money and lower acting ability. This one falls on the alien.
