* McCabe and Mrs. Miller * occurred during the turn of the century of the Pacific Northwest. John McCabi, a mud-mining miner with mud and hairy mud, Warren Betty comes with a bargain filled with cigar smoke and big ideas about Creating saloon rooms / prostitutes for the city He also came up with a reputation that had never been seen before as a sharpshooter: shameful about this too much to advertise it blatantly. But are not afraid to use it to confirm Alfa-male identity among the villagers So he squeezed the boy to create his saloon at a rate of 15 cents per hour. <br /> <br /> It was a regrettable operation until Mrs. Miller. (Julie Christie) appeared in shocking contraception Half car, half-car train (Where is the Altman found?) Mrs. Miller becomes a business partner with McCabe with the aim of re-categorizing with the right prostitute and insisting that all visitors bathe. Water first noticed that McCabe didn't know how to add, she also insisted on managing the account. It is not clear what McCabe's duties will be. <br /> <br /> The story is thicker when the representatives from the mining company appear in the city and offer McCabe to buy him a grand five. McCabe tells them. Buzz - He held fifteen thousand dollars. The company found that the negotiation was not satisfactory, so they hired three killers to kill McCabe .. although the way they thought they could escape by Juan One man in broad daylight in the center of the city was not as clear as McCabe's duties as a partner of prostitutes. (Not interesting about the enormous hole in the area where the villagers are too scared to talk, do not cut the mustard when anyone thinks that any prize money offered by the local marshal is quite attractive) <br /> <br /> * McCabe and Mrs. Miller * who claim to be "the classic Seventies movie theater" should be better than it used to be The film tells a good story. The main character has the potential to be interesting. There are some amazing scenes, especially the scenes that are related to what appears to be a cold stone killer 14 years old, but it's really hard to enjoy a movie when you barely hear what someone says and when you almost Can't see what everyone is doing Again, this director screened his own film with laziness and barns. According to the trivia sheet here in the IMDb, the movie editor caught up with Altman that the voice was cloned. Altman disagreed; And when everyone said that the cloned sound after the movie was released, Altman blamed the editor (good) with the bad sound. The movie was brutal. Only Robert Altman was able to hire a world class DP such as Vilmos Zsigmond and make a movie That looks as if they were spraying the camera lens with dirty water Examiners here who appreciate "Dark brown light" of this image has a GOT to tease me. The interior is shot through what appears to be a dark lid. The shooting of the external image is worse: as if Altman placed 500 fog machines behind many trees. During the warm weather when Betty dodged the assassins while the local church was extinguishing the fire, Altman insisted on obscuring the view with moving snow that reminded Rankin-Bass Christmas to be special. /> See - I can't watch movies under these conditions. Come back to me when you learn how to place a boom mic when you delete nested dialogs. "Altman-esque" annoying and when you wipe the lens with Windex or something like 3 stars from 10
