How did they get Al Pacino to play in this movie? This movie is really bad. I discovered after reading other reviews and there were a few people who enjoyed this movie, which had deepened my mystery because I didn't see who in their right mind might enjoy the horrible movie. Like a revolution It's not just that it's a bad movie, with a whole lot of weaknesses and strange surprises that are not very satisfying. But it seems that the filmmakers are both mentally retarded (Which is a very possible explanation of why this movie is like It may still be worse when compared to other movies produced by the patient) or deliberately making unreasonable decisions every time to make this film the most suck. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running with an ugly and big fat mole on his face. Usually he doesn't have a mole. Moles do not increase his role. It's very ugly and distracting. It's not like Robert De Niro's mole; It's much worse Why did he have that mole? As if the filmmaker had just said "Let's see how we can make this movie worse than it used to be. I know that Sutherland, a giant ugly mole on his face." <br /> <br / > Another example of the filmmaker's stupidity is the character Ned. We saw that for three quarters of this movie, Ned was still a child. At one point "Six months later" appears on the screen. We saw Ned again and certainly was the same actor playing with the boys. Five minutes later there will be "Three weeks later" appeared on the screen, and suddenly we got another actor to play as Ned, now older. Do they think we are stupid? Good God! Again, like the filmmakers are saying "How can we make it worse? I don't think we can do it ... Oh, wait! I have a bad idea! "I know that children don't grow much in half a year, which is good. But at least he grew more than him in three weeks Don't let other actors play as Ned, or at least let him play five minutes when he's younger than three weeks. In addition, children who play "older" Ned do not look older than Ned "young". In fact, he looks completely different, more edible and not higher or higher than traditional actors who are very confused as I'm like a rational human being. Everyone first thought that it was a new and different character. <br /> <br /> The first child died while filming this movie? Because he was there for the first half hour. Suddenly, three weeks later, men from Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels were playing Ned during the last five minutes of the movie. And even if the original actor is dead, the filmmaker should have at least an actor who seems to be playing his remaining roles and filming the scene "Six months later" for another five minutes is still better than just removing all the scraps. Don't do it until the end and don't let it be free. Don't tell anyone about it because then they should realize that their movie. Terrible and eventually they will lose more money and time. Create one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> <br /> I'm not saying that this movie is terrible. You shouldn't watch it. It's terrible that you should watch it to see how bad it is. It's terrible.
