A great actor, as he was Al Pacino, completely destroyed the revolution ?? His acting methods are not particularly suitable for the role of an illiterate trapper who was captured in America's independence war. Most offenses should come from director Hugh Hudson. (Yes, the person who created Chariots Of Fire a couple of years ago) talks about coming down !! One of the many tasks of the director is to rank the actors to persuade the acting to be trusted by them. But in this case, Hudson allowed Pacino to run rampant without asking for any restraint. It was not just a low-career career that only hindered the movie: there were many other shortcomings. The revolution, which will be discussed later. <br /> <br /> The illiterate reptile, Tom Dobbs (Al Pacino), eastern America, with his son Ned (Sid Owen / Dexter Fletcher). Use Uruguay Simplicity ?? Living outside the land, raising his son, surviving from the elements The country was ruled by British colonies. But during the eight-year period (1775-2683), the revolution took place, which ended with the defeat of Britain and the American independence. Dobb was caught up in the events that occurred when his ship and his son were enlisted by Continental Army ?? Events that they could hardly understand, Dobbs found himself fighting for their lives and freedom in another bloody battle Tom fell in love with Daisy McConnahay (Natassja Kinski), a beautiful and fiery young woman of the English noble family. Their forbidden love plays with a larger historical context of struggle. <br /> <br /> How to start with the shortcomings of the movie? Most of the main actors are others. "Pacino has been criticized enough, but Kinski is still slightly better as a renegade nobleman, while Donald Sutherland lost hopelessly as a brutal British soldier with a York accent. Cheering on Robert Dillon's script, confusing in an attempt to bring a great historical event to the individual level It seems that no one has decided that this will be a study of the characters closely with American Revolution as a backdrop or an epic war movie that has a number of fast-drawn characters that lead to the story. As a result, the lecture fell into a land where no human being was ejected from "Great phenomena" to "small things" without discrimination and meaninglessness. John Corigliano's score is quite gruesome and slippery in litigation without any thought or delicacy. Hugh Hudson's direction was clumsy throughout the improper handling of Pachino and other main actors and in deciding to use the annoying camera shake during the action scenes. Length The idea of ​​a mobile camera is to create immediacy? That feeling "There" in the confusion of fighting and musket Like many other things in the movie, it doesn't work. One department in which this film received credibility in the details of that period, with uniform costumes and weapons that were consistently accurate. But if the details of the time you are interested in traveling to the museum will be a better way to spend your time because of the thrilling movie experience, the revolution doesn't start to score. Nothing more than a massive 18 million pound bomb exploded at the British film industry, unable to afford it in the mid-1980s.
