It's a really good word. That is what they call Dawn of the MMIV (2004), right? The word is really smart - it's forging words that everyone starts to hate "remake", that is, and makes it sound like the process of creation is Creative and related to imagination Uh i was misunderstood At least I was more tempted by the idea of ​​endless violence and uncontrollable violence rather than the idea of ​​"rethinking" even if it had a role. <br /> <br /> Still Why would you create a new one? The director did just a few reasons: to improve the movie for a modern audience or because they loved the original manners and wanted to pay tribute. Is a show of respect if you However, in general (I accept exceptions) Boil down to one thing: stealing someone's idea and changing the shape (or "rethinking") so that those who have never seen or understood will pay to see it. It's like Coles's record / pouring cliffs, leaving everything in the blender to clean up everything that is baffling and curious. In other words, it's a great marketing plan. <br /> <br /> So this thing is wrong with this. I will start with what I like. I like the opening scene. Thanks to CGI and more budget, we can understand the chaos of the Romero zombie disaster that tries to communicate in the traditional way with a simple method. We saw the city in the ruins of thousands of zombies: Chaos and Death. Two beautiful words on the screen Then it separated. <br /> <br /> This setting leads to Movies do things that almost every remake. Do it. Add more everything except characters, atmosphere and stories. It seems more sinister and is full of the main characters that seem to die in a ridiculous subplot. Setting up a department store that plays an important role in the story and theme of the original movie is a real coincidence. The idea of ​​communicating in Romero's movies, blessed with pure happiness "The mall for yourself as a fortress" has disappeared. In addition, this "new fantasy" does not have a moxie, no souls, no balls. Will give us interest in the characters or stories This film was hastened and thought of the quiet interactions of the four characters of the original. You start to care about those people in Romero's version because there is some truth about their existence, even if there is insanity outside the mall. When you don't care when or who will go: The important thing is that they can go. <br /> <br /> What else will they say? This movie is not scary. It has one or two "jump" scenes and it tries to compensate the rest with special effects and loud sounds. As a story, it is too missing to follow and the conflict between the characters is too poor to save. Humor was reduced to just a few torpedoes. (And one very good character: Andy) After that, what's left? The ending is ridiculous and inferior. The inevitable ambiguity of the original movie. But even if it is a bad movie (Although not quite as bad as others do), but should remember one thing: It kicks The Passion of Christ from the office. Zombies do very well.
