This film has the purest 'Hollywood hokum'. It is based on a novel called 'Not Too Narrow? Not too deep 'by Richard Sales, which may be interesting or not interesting. It will take research to find out! The story in this film gives many events and has a clear background that appears in the novel. But there is no place to appear in the movie, so the film is so brutally cut or the film begins to mess up from the beginning There is not one second in this film, which is true from a distance, whether in terms of events or characters. It is pure Hollywood fantasy in all respects. Two famous actors, Paul Lucas and Peter Lorre, can't use it and lose without them being in the movie. They must be thrown into the mixture in one manner, add sprinkled garlic, minced with omelette, hoping that the taste will increase. This film is a great effort to create. 'Moral tales' and laughter The story involves some hardened criminals who were imprisoned in French Guiana who wanted to escape from the French colonies through the forest. (Hollywood forest with rubber snakes). Naturally, there must be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford became an unfortunate homeless person with some reasons that made Clark Gable became an irresistible criminal. Crawford fled into the forest, wearing high heels and refreshing her makeup. Gable, Gable, and Sullen face, and showing mocking facial expressions, wrinkled forehead like wont smile and look at everyone with the meaning of his acting style It is difficult to treat the character who is a hardened criminal when he tries hard to be Clark Gable. Of course, he has no time to be a thief. (Those who seek attention by definition are too busy to steal and are not suitable for jobs that require people to not see them.) All escape is so ridiculous that it can be seen as a light entertainment only. Respecting religion and 'depth' is caused by infiltration into the story The mysterious 'angel of mercy' that voluntarily walked into the prison and pretended to be a prisoner. He helps to escape and comes with criminals and all ministers. The various deaths help them find their 'peace' in their last gape. Ian Hunter, this character plays very well by keeping his knowledge secretly, smiling in a mysterious smile, making a vague prediction and a small spot that has been trained on his face to make him shine. The theme is intended to be exchanged. You might call it "Hollywood is morally and boldly received" by Donald Duck for the true depth of 'I Confess' in 1953, showing what to do. In contrast, this ridiculous piece of nonsense shows how meaningful lockers are in Tinsel, and when they find something that may mean something, all they can do is guess it.
