The author of many novels, plays and short stories W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered among the great writers of the world during his life, and although his reputation faded over the years His work continues. Public, large reading, The RAZOR'S EDGE, published in 1944, is the story of World War I veterans who searched for spiritual enlightenment, flying to face Western values. It is Maugham's last major novel - and is very popular. Due to the controversy of the novel as a spiritual and philosophical issue, it was a very strange choice for the film version - but Darryl F. Zannuck from the 20th century Fox fell in love with the book and snapped up the screen rights shortly after publication. br /> <br /> According to the legend of the movie THE RAZOR'S EDGE, directed by George Cukor, a legend from the screenplay by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham will adapt. When the movie entered production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a director less known in terms of artistic touch than the worker's character and the Maugham script was replaced by Lamar Trotti, who wrote memorable screenplays such as THE EVENTS OXBOW's Tyrone Power has just returned from enlisting during World War II when Larry Darrell disagreed with the spirit of Gene Tierney, one of the abstinence. The greatness of her era was chosen to be a socialite. Isabell Bradley, a highly-acclaimed actor, is particularly notable, including Herbert Marshall, Ann Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lou. Sill Watson and Elsa Lancaster Both the budget and the schedule of filming were extravagant, and when the film was released in 1946, it was greatly appreciated by the public and critics. <br /> <br /> But there are ways to make things happen. Is a view Seeing today, THE RAZOR'S EDGE is a beautifully crafted movie - but besides the best thing to say is that it has been fairly consistent. In most cases, the major problem is the script. Although it makes sense to Maugham's novel in terms of plot, it is clearly a sign of character and it has failed to capture the underlying issues that drive the story. We were informed that Larry was searching for enlightenment. We said that he received it. We were told that he did it - but even with occasional and superficial comments, we never told anything about spiritual processes, art, philosophy and any intelligence. Most of us never told things. Which is important about the nature of enlightenment It has the effect of cutting off the knee. <br /> <br /> We are left with the shell of Maugham's plot, which focuses on the relationship between Larry and Isabell. Larry women love but leaves because Cultivating open ideals between them Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney are famous for their physical beauty rather than talent. But both can perform well when they receive good governance and script support Unfortunately it didn't happen here. They are a single note and the power is very wrong to boot. Fortunately, the actors support quite well by Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb and Lucille Watson. However, Anne Baxter's famous performance at that time was not yet worn and as anyone expected, <br /> <br /> With the show being less than two and a half hours, the movie felt Unnecessarily long There seems to be an endless cocktail party and of course the whole Indian sequence. (Which reads hilariously softly) should have been completely eliminated - a strange situation because this is the order that is intended to be the crux of the entire movie It seems that everything will continue until the point of not happening. <br /> <br /> For the DVD itself, this movie has not been remastered. But typing is very good and while The bonus package is not noticeable and obviously not good. When everyone spoke and finished, I gave the four stars of RAZOR'S EDGE for the production value and the willingness of everyone to act - but frankly, this movie is the best for Power and Tierney fans to enjoy. it And those who have ideas about spiritual enlightenment are as vague as the movie itself. <br /> <br /> GFT, Amazon Reviewer
