If Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about coal miners who decided to search for great enlightenment by trying to join the country club? If he had, he might call it The Razor's Edge, because Katha-Upanishad told us, "The sharp edge of the razor is difficult to pass, so the wise man says that the path to salvation is difficult." But Maugham decided to stay with Therefore, we have Larry Darrell, Darryl F. Zanuck, who has just returned from WWI, has been well taken care of, connected well in society and is determined to find himself as a coal miner. br /> <br /> Or as Maugham told us, "This is the young man I write. He doesn't have a reputation. It may be that when his life ends, he will no longer trace. Of this sojourn on the earth, rather than the rock thrown into the river, left on the surface But it may be possible that the way of life he chose for himself might have an influence on his fellow human beings After his death, perhaps he knew that living in this era was a very amazing animal. "<br /> <br /> Edge's razor has all the cultural tastes of Zanuck that money can buy. It was really serious, very sincere. While Larry was about to search for intelligence, working in a mine on a merchant ship climbing the Himalayas to learn from ancient scholars, we had his selfish girl friend Isabel, played by Gene Tierney Baxter, a girlfriend who is insulting and impeccably impulsive. Uncle played by Clifton Webb and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall. This film is not happy enough about goodness, the only thing that will make it a little more is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live up to a hundred people, I will never understand that a man. Any man can come to Paris without wearing an evening dress. "Webb has good connections. But we ended up admiring Clifton Webb, not Elliott Templeton. <br /> <br /> Zanuck wants the famous reputation for Twentieth Century when he buys the rights to Maugham's novel. Waiting for a year until Tyrone Power was released from military service He made sure that there were dozens of special people who were well dressed, well dressed, scores that looked as if they were meant for the cathedral, and he also wrote some scenes on his own. The effort was self-conscious as the fat man wore Tux for rent. Despite Hollywood's view of The Razor's Edge, I can tell you that for most people who work hard, it does not cause enlightenment, just exhaustion and low pay. <br /> < br /> After nearly two and a half hours, we see that Larry holds his duffle bag on a stray steamer in the storm. He will travel back to America from Europe with a happy smile on his face. "My darling" Somerset Maugham spoke to Isabel at the same time in an elaborately decorated living room. "Larry found what we all wanted and what we received very little. I don't think everyone would fail well. And over A kind noble person who knows him. You see, my dear goodness is the greatest power in the world ... and he understands! Larry and the audience both wanted the amount of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham feared that we would forget to be a playwright, novel, article and good short story. To see how the movie can make him fair, see how his short stories were brought up on the screen in the Encore, Trio and Quartet, and instead wasting time with Larry Darrell, spending time with Lawrence Durrell, Alexandria. Is a good reader
