In the summer of 1979, when the film was the raw material for a new film called HBO, Gas Line Summer and Iran hostage the summer crisis. The mood changes are going to end the movie, an inexpensive car, alone. Although "Smokey & the Bandit" will continue to measure the need for speed, while the Roadrunner cartoons live a few more years, "Corvette Summer" is strange. Surprisingly like previous movies, such as "Vanishing Point" or "Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry" if it is lighter and more sexy. Recently graduated from high school automotive professional, Kenneth (Hamill), went to Vegas to find a stolen car ring from the masterpiece of the Shop Class, which is the ultimate custom Vette. In the spiritual limbo of the I-15 desert (see "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas"). He got into a custom van. (Yes, this is the end of the vanity craze) as well. Cheeky, a prostitute who wants Vanessa (Pott) on the way to Sin City to make her good, no matter what she does. VANessa understands. Wait? Innocent innocent Kenneth is in his head in Vegas, with all the American revisions and his new friends to help him, even if the young woman who has a soft young line guesses the world is not smarter than her. Looks like, in the "I am a woman" era, Vanessa has invested her talents, money and future in her oldest career. But the least elegant in the world, rather than college or even hairdressing can be explained by a young man who wants to think all Women at least consider the happiness of the career path Remember the target group? Hamill is a good choice for the white-skinned Kenneth family. (The car doesn't belong to him personally. But is his school), which will not be prevented from his goal of violence, money or even love - until he knows why The car was really stolen. Potts served with style and strength. But Vanessa is too incredible to be the most reliable testosterone machine. The bad guys were surprisingly created by humans, especially with Brion James, but there is not much action, and this is not the type of movie that can be performed by interacting, plotting, twisting or heavy themes. You can always access. Rotate TV dial & plug in your "Pong" console. Chris Mitchum, similar But meaning "stingray" which appeared at the same time, giving importance to the show of sheepskin But has more skin, speed and mayhem The best features of each movie may create a Vette movie that is worth remembering. Therefore, Trans Am was left at the muscle car showroom of the box office. Another forgotten car movie brought back from the dead by the weekend series "Drive Channel" of Speed ​​Channel.
