If you are a teenager in the 70s, as you do, you may remember the story about Studio 54, whether you like disco or not. A special club, it is a perfect symbol of cultural revelation in the 70s and self-absorption. There's even a great VH1 documentary about a club that can tell you everything you want to know about glory and the story is interesting enough to spawn a lovely movie. <br /> <br /> Sad. This is not it. 54 Follow the lives of a few employees, a bartender named Shane. (Ryan Phillips) Two mercenaries named Greg (Breckin Mayer), his wife, a coat girl - Check Anita (Selma Yek), host, Steve Rubel (Mike Meyers). This movie deals with the personal life of workers. And follow the story of the closest Shane. <br /> <br /> The film works in a spurts style. Sometimes it captures the shallowness of the nightlife culture perfectly (for example, when Shane was taken to Dinner party Each knew who the 'Errol Flynt') and sometimes it became waves Hokey some of the existing evidence? Follow the unders while they mingle in the world of the rich and the demon ?? But mostly because of the treatment of children wearing gloves, which the entire club and Rubell have received in the movie, while Rubell uses electric energy as a scene in New York with a passion for unparalleled phenomena and a special crowd selection every night. Addiction and sexuality are only a short touch, and Rubell himself, while his excesses are strangely positively mentioned for those who In the life of liars, cheating drug users and promiscuity like all hell Not that I am looking for a robbery here. But his ego supported the collapse of his club and the decline of the nightlife culture that he helped raise The last scene he stared at his father's daily life was an irrational emotional error. <br /> <br /> Mayer tried his best to capture Rubell, but he received very little. Have worked with here Effective But he is a good person and he helps to hold the film Philippe, whom I commonly found as a good actor, is indispensable by the shyness of his character. He is limited to a smile, a deer or a grimace that doesn't understand and even though he Will not be able to translate that into a strong job. Hayek and Meyer are all ok again, undercut with writing and Neve Campbell ?? Highlights featured on the DVD cover Appearing for a moment, she has a really wide pendant. <br /> <br /> For some reason, I still find myself interested in even being fascinated by popular culture in the second half of the seventies. But even though this is not a movie that is especially engaging, I will, despite the inclination to like it. I would say that if in that era or the club had any interest for you, try following VH1 more specifically than this drama in the middle of the road.
