On its face, Ruiz set out to make a psychological thriller. Although it is not as satisfying as classic pieces in that category But there is compensation The tension that arose between Huppert and Balibar while women were still calm but calculated the war with the boys that both claimed to be interesting. However, in a truly European style, Ruiz does not give us tension because women are alternately trying to show sympathy for each other. The only increase is the sound of Huppert waking up from a nightmare. (Unreasonable incidents in the movie) <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, Campion's In The Cut is a psychological study between people focusing on men. Camille's boy (Neil Hugon) decides to play a funny joke, playing with his mother out against other women. Both women seem to turn to him rather than scold and this problem In the back, an experienced psychologist (Charles Berling) quickly confronted the woman in his life - Huppert, his sister, his nanny, his nanny or father - and acted as an adult to calm and (We learned). It is very interesting that Henry James' father of The Turn of the Screw, Denis Podalydes's law enforcement officer, is out of work for the duration of the movie. Ruiz expresses the time when the audition came out of Huppert's reaction to his return at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> Read whether it's a thriller or a psychiatric film article. This is disappointing. I was quite tired of Mme Huppert's screen projection method which was too embedded and so I would find her on the stage before I came back to see her movie. Support is good. Ruiz doesn't support actors Rather than the bad light and some deliberate images as if his direction had made the character quite far-reaching - I think, especially the Shamanic neighbor of Edith Scob, went to Isabelle, who knew The set parts are not linked to the driving plot. Forward - the tension that I have spoken not only But will weaken But still wasting in the desired direction. <br /> <br /> Want to see French contemporary movies at L'Appartement instead of 4/10
