I absolutely insulted this movie. Not surprisingly, Jose Larraz "denied" at one point and refused to talk. I admire Larraz's work, especially his violent slap / sex maniac who likes to conceal fear, such as SAVAGE LUST or SCREAM and DIE. His work has an inevitable art that looks like him. Will not be able to close because part of his secondary career as a painter and illustrator It was terrible that he had never done the western style before. His vision would be perfect. <br /> <br /> Black candle is his most famous movie and may be well known as a vampire masterpiece. And it has a negative reputation around one scene in which the Hell Witch performed a strange ceremony involving the extraction of liquid, the reproduction of a goat - a symbol of The Beast - like some annoying balms used to prepare people like Assassin's sister Her role as Satan's bride The scene in question is placed in a manner that looks quite convincing, even without any plumbing equipment that the goat may have been given by relying on the histories of the actress chosen to play the ritual chants. The reusable musical score of the film was recorded in half a dozen movies from Jacinto Molina. The unusual nature of the scene has more meaning than is shown in graphic detail by the knowledge that the requestor Is the teenage daughter of my Satan priest, but they enjoy making this movie. The problem is that there is nothing more to distinguish or ponder. The above story from some other girls ROSEMARY'S been weaned from her role as. Satan's bride, by Satan's complex covenant, lives in a terrifying distant area of ​​the United Kingdom. Led by the Helga Line Eurohorror Sense, these Satanists consist of doctors, lawyers, landlords, magnates and other important people on the earth's crust that actually owe their professional success to worshiping demons. All you have to do is sell your spirits and the world can be yours. Be careful who you may sell out to pay back a little personal conflict or you may be felched with a sword. <br /> <br / > The film tries to include this drunken Satan trip with a lot of graphics or boundary graphics and should be properly regarded as the top or the ultimate in sex and the horror of the Spanish thriller tradition. The popularity of Mr. Molina & Ms. Line is amazing and booming under the disagreement of Generalissimo Franco, the dictator who controlled Spain until 1976. While he was living his command, the Spanish film must be free from the graphics of sex on the screen. Spanish directors often create two versions of the movie, one with sexual intercourse hidden for their own screen, and another story that shows adultery for export as difficult as the filmmakers express interesting tensions. Which often happens when artists flirt with: horror from Spain in the 70s has a very special taste, which has quite a taste It's not for everyone. <br /> <br /> But in a strange event without Franco's influence on their culture, Spain's Spanish horror dries in the late 1970s when their gothic and demonic castles. Found himself through when Compared to new feelings such as JAWS and the STAR WARS phenomenon, and without Franco's limitations, they have an overwhelming flood of thrilling images revealed from the pipes in the late 70s / early 80s. It is best known due to the emphasis on sexual deviations with barn animals. Larraz's major horror film has evolved around sexual taboos. (Lesbians of VAMPYRES, incest between SCREAM and DIE & DEVIATION) But here the effect of badness is obscuring the rest of the production. Nobody cares about anything other than getting censored to goat barns and watching the cut version without scenes in the barn, almost as a pointless exercise. Sex is not enough to score because of pornography and not enough cold to rate it as a horror story. <br /> <br /> So BLACK CANDLES is the main behavioral study - this is a high society in England. May behave in a secluded mansion in the West Midlands or whatever During the sex scene, actors / actors sit around and have many conversations. The best thing that this movie does is the undeniable pressure of claustrophobia The most action took place in Ms. Line's character mansion. Almost every avenue of adultery has been guided, so fans of the main soft sex romps with a hint of supernatural horror will be amused and of course. Sex criminals, agents among us will enjoy choking their chickens into goats barns. But the final conclusion of this film is the insult, cleverness and should be suitable for an unforgettable exercise in the execution. <br /> <br /> 2/10; If there is no Goat Barn, this movie is not the same and with the scene it may be too much for most audiences. Larraz is right to reject.
