About five minutes and I saw that this was heading. The children in the high school were annoyed with the school's administration and the rebellious thoughts began to flow. I said to my girlfriend: If it's under 5 in IMDb, I'll go to read it. 5.0 So she persuaded me to continue. What is good? It's a good thing that this movie doesn't have a story because you have to distract from editing. It's like a drawing of a student who was torn by one teacher. All the pictures for this film were cut in a strange accident involving a meat grinder and let the stock be destroyed halfway and the other half fell apart for two seconds. Even in the ten-second scene of local TV news, there are about six times and three corners. And there are montages These things are all But is defined as electronic music which reminds you of another cut. Therefore, Pavlov's dog began to cringe every time you hear, which is about every three minutes. Oh, what should I say about this movie? This film shot very well with beautiful colors that fit the emotional content such as the movie scenes. Ok, now there is a major flaw in the movie and it's not about it or lacking it. The director made a bold mistake that led you astray about people and situations, not a wise storytelling. But it is a huge selection about what to show about the main character That's just cheating I guess he did it to make the main character more favorite. But it is annoying If the story is full of holes, it is unlikely that it will be possible to try to correct it by watching the wrong audience. And often without any issues and endings. Basically, the main villain of peace turns out to be the right person if being a coward. In addition, it appears that what appears to be the whole point of the movie that you should stand up for is just on its head, by breaking the direction already mentioned and making it a point about the nature of the revolution. Made And much better by animal farms It also committed what I called sin. Bill Cosby: No matter what may appear at first in the end, adults are always correct and children are always wrong. And let's see, unless you are me, that's not true
