Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the chef and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a lovely wife, Grace Horn. (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant and a beautiful son, about five years old Sammy really loves the family, but like Dr. Jake Kill and Mr. Hyde, he has a life with a sexual relationship with many women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (NASA's Jacinto) is trying. Help him Ok, it's my fault: I read a summary of the opinions of other IMDB users. I saw the ratings of IMDB users, but I don't really believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski can participate in non-movies. Good I decided to check and really some comments are very satisfied. The story, the story, the script and the dialogue are very stupid and ridiculous, although in some movies that have X ratings, we can find more intelligent stories. The photographers are skillful and innocent until some parts seem to be taken over the VHS video camera. Michael Des Barres has no sense of nonsense: being a bald old man will be accepted in Viagra's adventures or the grandfather of a boy. Small but as an attractive man and having sex with a woman, it's scary in Wood Allen's comedy. Maybe he has a chance. But in the movie "Serious", it's a joke. I am trying to find out why Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski accept participation in amateur horror movies and trash. Do they need money? No chance of a better movie due to their age? They are friends of `director '(sorry for using this word) and decide to help and promote him or not? I do not know Rosanna Arquette's intent is to show her breasts filled with silicone. But it is unacceptable that this great actress plays this role as well as the beautiful Nastassja Kinki. She presents fat without makeup without any glamor. Lack of respect for the most beautiful actress. One person in movie history The truth is really interesting for me: How can readers promote this trash without having to pay personal attention to a higher score or write a satisfactory comment about this movie? They are friends of `director '(again I'm using this word ...) or actors? It sounds very strange to me that regular IMDB readers can like this movie. My score is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): `Viciado Em Sexo '(` Addicted In Sex')
