You can't deny that we have a close relationship with speed. That is why movies like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit were created to satisfy the audience, especially local movies. We live on a small island and I can't understand why there is a relative efficiency of public transport. Most of us want to owe it by having a wheel with a 100% tax when they reach our coast and The amount of taxes and expenses that must be paid when performing one of the actions Not only that, a high-end sports car that once had an important politician above that they would never reach the fourth gear so that they would reach the sea. <br /> <br /> And those movies This is quite easy. Hot wheels and hot chicks often go down together to determine the desired target group. For one time, the neckline that bursts, revealing creepy buxom and short skirts that emphasize two meters, cannot compete with the interest of those beautiful curves that exotic cars have in this movie. Of course, there are those of us (Ahem), those who go to find women about sex as just sex objects. (Otherwise, explain why the car show comes with models of trucks and movies like these can't be done. However, they do not guarantee that a group of sighs will be withdrawn whenever the four riders come to the screen, even if they do nothing and have gear to the park. I swore that he had wet his pants every time his dream car appeared, and the cream of his pants increased when he heard the mourning engine. <br /> <br /> So we have young fans who are interested in cars. Which cars have been interested in this film with Fast and the Furious franchises, Japanese models like Evos and Skylines will become the center, as well as the GT here. Ford GT takes the time to modify the facade that is worth it. The incredible, although I appreciate the very latest Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GT, Koenigsegg CCX and every car with wing doors. But seriously my heart went out to the car every time they were brutally destroyed just for entertainment. I mean, this is the perfect form, high performance, which is at the top of the journey. But also because anyone who finances the movie has millions of them doing that because they can. <br /> <br /> There is no story in Redline, just an excuse to collect movies that are full of beauty. (A car that is) that can destroy the asphalt in the most boring form possible and with the normal accelerator pedal The pedal is equal to defamation and is not respected.) Steering gear change. (Always moving up and down) These things, while actors pretend that they are the worst asses, along with other dirty-looking engines, are not very high orders for actors and that's why we have been The most brutal act ever with a chapter written by an elementary child. <br /> <br /> The heroine (yes, it makes the word that a woman can drive) Natasha (Nadia Bjorlin, who looks so busy) Is In which millions of dollars were found - a girl with a format that is not averse to dip into the oil seed within her, and performed well. Rock band singing with a laughing song (All lines are related to cars and when singing about love, must insert those wires such as shafts, gears, gears, lubricants and riding). Introducing her desire to compete with the villains called Infamous. (Eddie Griffin) She was attracted to a family of quarrels involving Leo DiCaprio, an Iraqi veteran. Everything else I say is just an excuse for movies that will go from competition to <br /> <br /> and almost the same as there are many restrictions on what you can do to increase tension. Between racing cars, especially when you know that there is competition (For reasons of story telling) and able to see the results of the race one mile away from the finish line, while Fast and Furious has a very charismatic actor and I would put a chopping head by name Paul Walker, Sun Kang And of course, the created stars - Vin Diesel, Redline. No one, pretty faces, has a lot of air. Unfortunately. It looks like TV movies will be treated from the beginning with an interesting opening sequence, which is one. One car and 105 minutes competing with time to go to Vegas. <br /> <br /> If not for the car, this movie is a piece of junk that has bad performances, bad lines and Bad deeds Strictly for car fans or their movie enthusiasts who have countless beauties who beimp their bodies without having to speak any lines.
