There was a scene in this movie in the 42-minute period, which was the worst time I have ever seen, while F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are resting on the beach. The tension started and Sheilah started to cry - at this point, she told her lover about her bad past. "This amazing scene" has become extremely exaggerated and is about history. I can't help. But turned to my wife and exclaimed how stupid it was ... as a musical that swelled on television No one met this time - no one. Now the rest of this movie is true. I can't speak. But this time is not as good as laughing and is a fake as a Rolex $ 8 - and makes me think that some other investigators are correct - this movie is a lot of layers. However, I'm not an expert about life. These two people and the internet did not make it clear as well. <br /> <br /> Those who are F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and their relationship are like. What I know about Fitzgerald seems to be different from what I saw in the movie. Is he a gentle and valuable person that we have seen in movies? When considering that he was married at the same time, he remained with Graham and drank like a fish. I think he was not. He's a nasty and boorish person, as we saw in movies, right? Maybe, but if he is a bad guy and Mrs. Graham is with him, this will make her become a crazy person and not the person you want to see in the movie. And if he is not, the movie is damaging to his memory In any way, it makes the viewing experience particularly painful and unsatisfactory. <br /> <br /> The sum of the film seems to be the story of two people who are not like or have. good health In a dark and gloomy way, some people may find this thing very enjoyable. But most are sure to see this as a train wreck that is not surprising all the way! Not satisfied but with shiny production (Especially lovely songs But above) it raises the question of "Why do they choose to do it at first?" The bottom line - it's a terrible movie and probably not worth your time - even if I'm a big fan of Gregory Peck.
