This is a bigger budget movie for Honda director types. (With more complex scenes)? Although special effects still have unique characteristics that are unique to them. (Witnessing the performances of giant bats and rodents). Also, take advantage of a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten plays a visionary scientist who is uncomfortable and weak (But then his character should be 204 years old!) Richard J. Kelley is a photographic hero. As a villain, we received Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both of whom were campers). As I said often, I grew up watching English movies dubbed in Italian. But hearing Hollywood actors in Japanese is another matter! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like the adventures of the young and general Jules Verne at that level. In fact, it is popular in the form of the low eyebrows of Honda in the monster formula on rampant due to the inherent unusual charm of the settings in this case. The story involves the kidnapping of the famous scientist Romero? He intends to establish himself in the underwater world, a city where technological advancements that Cotten invented (Which is the place that has selected the best minds in the world) But the funniest scene is to break into Romero's cave? In fact, Cotten made a somersault and fought with men in a rubber suit. (Through the flame and the laser light emitted from his gloves!) Must be counted as the lowest point of his acting career. Another elder in the actor Romero is more of his composition ?? Finally he used to be The Joker in the Batman series and the movies of the 1960s! Cotten has a blonde doctor who wears a little dress on his team and gets help from the Asian people. On the other hand, Romero flanked by an Asian woman However, finally, anyone who has received a raw agreement for her efforts (Finally, the girl's brain was moved into a cross between a lion and a vultures, which is one of the most scary creatures you've ever seen!) Obviously, this 2-piece set from Media Blasters Street today !!
