The story of 7EVENTY 5IVE is related to college students who play unexpectedly cruel phone games. (For them, if not for fans of horror movies) take them to the head of the story of 7EVENTY 5IVE. On the other hand, a horror movie with a slightly weeful promise compared to a really bad writing. <Br /> <br /> What a fun thing to be if The stupid story that is stupid, outdated in the beginning by the filmmakers' misconceptions that the audience will enjoy watching many loud sounds. Except the police detective, played by Rutger Hauer (in a secondary role designed to increase the star's only power). All characters on the screen are different A-hole variants. <br /> <br / > Men and women, black and white, straight and gay. Both sets of college students are shallow and shrill. Perform a lot of storytelling of this film. Worse, since the story is related to the game of PARTY, almost every time the scene is filled with these b For this reason, there are only a few breaks for the audience who will have to endure the anger of some angry rescuers. Although at least some of these people are supposedly friends, every character interacts continuously in a hostile manner long before the real conflict takes place. This leads to the worst possible outcome in the slasher movie: the audience intends to care about the leader, not just to cheer the anonymous killer. But want him to arrive to start choosing people who are not engaged.> <br /> The real shame of this bad trait is otherwise 7EVENTY 5IVE. It's okay. First director Brian hooks and Deon Taylor knows how to create a suspicious mood. They also manage to deliver in some power, if sparse, the time of the 80s classic style. Surprisingly, the production actors can also do so It is not that the actors are not able to express human emotions. It's just a screenplay. (Written by newcomer Vashon Nutt and director of hooks that are much better on the back of the camera than with the keyboard) will be short at that time. <br /> <br /> 7EVENTY 5IVE Due to the familiar location and excitement Just a little, can not outweigh the bad taste left behind by stories that are driven by unwanted characters. In this mysterious exploration, the true mystery is the reason that everyone should pay attention to young people who can't even like each other.
