You may want to know in advance that I am not a Mormon, which is different from those who have watched this movie. I'm talking about this, so you will understand that the way I watch movies may be very different from being in faith. For some people, criticism for this film may be seen as important to belief - and that is not my intention. So my examination is of an outsider who is trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people are. After watching the movie, I wondered what I learned a lot. Since I am a history teacher, I have a good basic understanding of children and Joseph Smith, including the teachings of the church. But anyone who wants to watch this movie to learn everything can really be disappointed because this movie looks very boring - too good and too unrealistic to describe. In addition, you do not learn anything about the faith of the church, other than they are good people, hard work and some people have many wives. (And this latter part only implies in movies) but people are almost like cartoons in their simple drawing. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and their followers are angelic, not people Every monster is a demon and Brian Don Levi. (Playing the same role as Edward G. Robinson later in Chapter XII) is the creator of the Mormon problem, but just came in to make this movie a bad man. It's very easy .... too simple. Almost like a cultivating film or an infomercial. <br /> <br /> Brigham, especially, is a very complex person - there are many good points. (Excellent and visionary organizer) and not good (don't let me start His views about black people in church or marriage) in describing him in vague terms are just nonsense. It is also the way Gandhi was presented in this film with Ben Kingsley - only the facts that led him to be a human being that is almost human. Heck, I now think that this is a problem of most religious films - they often come out in a single, trite and polite way. Come to have a complete and complete movie of these men - movies that are clinging to facts and not attracting emotions. <br /> <br /> Now if you can ignore the fact that you won't learn much About faith Or the second leader of this movie is fun enough Obviously there were some people in the 20th-century. Fox gave great importance to the film because they had great actors (Tyrone Power), both leading actors and upcoming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) John Carradine and Brian Donlevy) The film has a great location and a lot of luster. It doesn't have much to tell us, unless they are all "swollen". There are also many factual errors and a few stupid scenes. Some errors include the occupation of the rudder immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (three years later), not mentioning the Mormon sect and the splinter groups talking about. "Gold in California", although it was 1847, and gold would not be discovered until 1948, including no mention of Smith's wife or wife, especially the stupid scenes like Carradine then pulled out his gun and waved his hand in the courtroom - and it seemed that nobody was interested - even if it was a friendly audience! You don't think that at least the judge will tell him to take it out and stop bullying people too! <br /> <br /> One last comment Don't repeat. Don't watch this movie when it appears in American Movie Classics (a wonderful station that has sunk in recent years) while I'm criticizing this film because of the simple message. But I felt frightened by the disrespect of the station to its church and its customs. What I mean is this. Movies are separated by ads for penis enlargement formulas, as well as many pop-ups. (Some ads that show features "The sexiest actors") talk about blasphemy and disrespect, and I would be offended if they do this for other religious movies. By doing this, they not only But insulting only faith But makes their markets weaker - in the end, those who hear these things and the life of Brigham Young! Is this a movie in a format that you can show to your children or recommend to others ?!
