Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager who turns to Satan (and LSD) by archaeologist Richard, her fiancé. There are nearby demonic hippies who travel to the ancient ancient castle, where Leila and Richard drank blood into sex sex, dancing with weak hallucinogenic stones and participating in the black mass that they wore. Masks and robes And women do not wear anything Unfortunately, this extracurricular activity causes Lay to be possessed by demons from The terrifying "spirit of evil" Leyland also comes from a drunken family that doesn't help as well. John, her brother, is a recluse that seems to love her. Her mother, Patricia (Maria Persie) is happy because she thinks she is responsible for the death of her father. Her sister (Maria Kosti) is a pro-cool, professional golfer. (Gape!) Debbie Gibson has a lot of hired help around and wasting more time than the two maids (a young woman who took off her clothes and another person who is a spy for everyone). ) Including Udo (Louise Indini), bald, bald, bald head, undercover, changing clothes, changing, taking nude pictures of her and sneaking into Pool house to smell the smell of her freshly used swimsuit. Oh yeah, and Anderson, German pet Shepherd. <br /> <br /> Paul Nashchee is the father, Adrian Dunning, a suspected priest (zzzzz) who starts to spy around. After John and Richard both twisted their heads backwards, Leila told him, "They said I was wrong and I would prove that it's true!" During her birthday, she said. Her guests said "You make me sick! I hate everyone! "And when my mother advised me to have a doctor, she screamed. "I don't want to see that ass!" Debbie suggested they give Lay to "status", but Ley ran out and joined the cult again. She was rescued (again) and brought home. (For the third time) <br /> <br /> At this point in the movie there are only ten minutes left to go. The boring scenes of the characters talk and groan about how bad their lives are and how Ley is. It almost suffers from sitting in the Andy Milligan movie, removing blood and laughing. But in the last few minutes, we got this movie as a title - a flick of possession. EXORCIST Unfortunately, the best part of it is the contact lenses that Leila wears some cheap slash marks on the arms Her legs and face, she received an embarrassing lips and her eyes appeared as blue and white marble. She began to mingle with rotten meat, spit in garbage, began to speak with the voice of a dead father, sneaking into her mother's bedroom, slapping her a little and calling her. "Dirty bitch of prostitutes", Adrian's father, who now finally believes that she is overwhelmed, definitely tries to dispel the temptation to scare haunts, frogs and eels in the kitchen and married couples with holy water. The door opened and closed, the glass broke. There was a sudden thunder and her bed rose from the floor. After she dealt with Dunning and the two rolled down the stairs, the spirit went out of her. - Guess who, why, tell Bork the family! The demon dog opened Adrian and chewed him a little before he sold it in a fire poker. Then we got one of the most annoying final shots that were committed to filming. It was Lila who was on the floor from her horrible look back to her normal sexy identity. But then there is another time-lapse effect that seems to suggest that the devil may come into her body again. It's not good. You have no clue what to do, which is the last slap in the face for everyone who just knows that they have lost half an hour on this worthless POS. <br /> /> Tighten the touchscreen 1 In 10 is
