... You can't push her out of the way because you're old. And if you are a charity, you may say that the boring walk she is surrounded and not her fault However, in these situations, it is often difficult not to be frustrated when you find yourself dragging your heels when you wake up. So it is with "The Pallbearer", trying to do something 'different' with romantic comedies that, in this way, is the most important because the venue is all wrong. Sort of like showing skills Your 'breakdancing' at the funeral of grandparents. <br /> <br /> To expand the metaphor further. (May not be wise!); Just as an old woman began to feel the setting of the movie, its death was not far away. Of course, this 'death', in particular, was prolonged and gradually chipped away at the reserve of our sympathy by increasing Little by little because we realized that the proceedings were heading in one direction: down the long end of its efforts that 'humor' could be seen far away - A. No. Unlike the inevitable death is not scary! <br /> <br /> Come back again with the image of the 'heel drag', the main character Tom. Showed that he did not stop repeating this action throughout his life If there is a level of 'pathos', this SAP may actually be a good notch before the other roles of Schwimmer - more famous - the role to find yourself in an awkward position that needs to be sympathetic. The audience with the characters that are more 'clueless' than Ross, of course, is a difficult subject, even as the 'able' comic actor like Schwimmer. Signing in the situation that 'reflects' like Ring's /> <br /> In the first, he escaped from <br depict the most famous of his choice if he can almost script characters. 'Interchangeable' even if the situation does not occur. 'T? A man who has drunkenness from a famous high school for a long time with people he has never seen for years, sounds familiar ... Paltrow has nothing if not polite in her 'Rachel' role. All things that happen on this ancient ground may be forgiven if the obvious differences are not compatible as well. Unfortunately, the romantic elements are well worn, it is flaky and the 'backdrop' is not appropriate until it seems that the best way to explain the resulting movie is 'solid' ... 2/10
