I was surprised to receive a lot of praise from other audiences. For me, it was quite disappointing, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and the inner chaos of the main characters. (In the book of Vonnegut Theater in the fifth slaughterhouse and even in the adaptation of George Reliability is often beyond the limit. There are too many questions left open. Do I miss some central points? Or I can't see the lines that link to various points. <br /> <br /> A boy named Campbell Jr. grows up in the northern part of New York. At his father's house there are many technical exchange documents and a book. It has a pile of corpses in it. The boy read this book. His father didn't like that. This thing will tell me The family moved out of northern New York to Berlin, Bang. In 1938, the boy was a married man in Berlin and a playwright. What script did he write? What language did he succeed? His wife is an actor and looks charming. The parent moved back to the United States and invited his son to do the same. Why can't he? Because growing up in Germany, he felt German more than American? Because he succeeded Because his wife is? Because he likes his life there? Because he likes the Nazis? Because he is an ordinary lazy person and doesn't like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> It may be that the man is not interested in politics and is completely independent. He said that he loved his wife deeply. He talks about his two republics. (Referring to him and his wife) There is no evidence to prove his love for his wife. In the movie, it seems to be a very republic. <br /> <br /> At the request of the American camp representative Bel Jr. agreed to broadcast against the Semitic group. The Nazis hated propaganda for American listeners as a device for sending encrypted messages to American officials reading between lines. An important meeting with the representative on the bench in Berlin's park is short, unexciting and against the climax. The decision to play along easily comes without any explanation. Value and fast. <br /> <br So now we have Campbell Jr. presenting ourselves by air as a free American Times. The secret messaging style is real and exciting, although there is one thing that is suspected to occur when Campbell, Jr. really and honestly must have a cough, hiccup, etc. (must have a lot of noise). Lost his wife, died (Crimean tourism for German soldiers - I have not heard of this tour, actually happened in the German front line in WW II.) Campbell Jr. said that he went to the front of Russia but was not arrested by American soldiers who remembered his glass (How will it happen) was dragged to tour the city of Auschwitz, then released and resettled with the help of the Crucial Agent somewhere in New York City. <br /> And this is where the story begins. br /> <br /> BANG From now on, it's like a short story by Paul Auster. It was in 1961. Campbell Jr. lived in a tenement building in New York as he was and regretted the loss. his wife No one really cares - or are they? Yes, they do, and his neighbors offer distraction. Some of the great American painters from Auschwitz camp discovered "him" and wanted him to be their puppet. They also found his dead wife for him or her as his wife. Anyway, at the end, Campbell Junior They need to keep the criminals in the big war, put him in a cell near Adolf Eichmann's. He wrote his life story and when this work was finished, hung himself on the typewriter ribbon. While I can see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I just feel that the main character is a person who will always be quite indifferent to everything and can hardly love anyone. Found it difficult to sympathize with this rocker who mourned his loss. Surprisingly, many critics focused on his status as a potential war hero. However, in reality, however. The movie E recommends that by accepting the Campbell assignment created for himself, a win-win situation while he is getting politics in safety, no matter who wins the war. The danger of his revelations never occurred at the beginning of the story. <br /> <br /> One might argue that the whole story is a fantasy-like fantasy and that no one should disturb the historical accuracy or logical development of Stories that explain everything But even then it failed to make the most of the issues. I wondered because the love affairs in the two republics were completely flat. This is a shame, especially if you think that the wife is played by Sheryl Lee, a talented and versatile actress. She had too little screen time and was forced to use a ridiculous German accent. Another aspect that has been neglected is the different messages. (Broadcast confessions and hidden messages) But I guess this is something that cannot be separated. Maybe I should give this book a chance.
