I will check this program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget. The script is not funny and nasty. The show is not as bad as writing. But still bad That's all you need to know. But I will continue to write more than necessary. <br /> <br /> This is a movie with three segments, each one mocking other types of movies. More fun movies that have the same concept as "Movie Movie" and George C. Scott are very vague, but worth the search for MM movies. The parody of the 1930s and do it with elegance, precision and dry intelligence. > <br /> This movie can't be It's a parody of three types of movies that are expected from the late 70s or early 80s, which is a parody of movies that I (almost) never heard before. First, I guess it's a joke of "Kramer Vs. Kramer" in some way. Peter Reigert did his best with a poor chapter. The second story is a joke. I don't know anything ... Daniel Steel's novel. I mean, you might see this story on TV for life. But in the cinema? I mean, I remember the 70s. I was there. This is a parody of the opera drama about a young woman who is sleepy to increase power. These things often mock themselves, so I do not see how it is needed. <br /> <br /> We are in an area that is much easier in the third part, "The Municipalians", which mimics police movies. I noted some elements of "The Centurians New" and "Dirty Harry", both of which were almost 10 years old when the movie was created. Yes, good and current. Robby Benson plays an ideal new boy. (While Richard Widmark plays the police cringe at drinking whiskey while sitting in the police car (OH! Stop! My Side! In fact, he doesn't drink alcohol in the police car!) Please note that this is the first movie after "Animal House" with the name "National Lampoon" attached to the wow. In the next five years from traditional flicks To this dung, nothing was startling. I can go many hours about the sad decline that makes one of the most modern and original sounds in American humor. (To be a Lamphun national, original magazine about 10 years or more) to sell out and start Long sliding slowly into the world of crap, where now the magazine disappears for a long time, and it is only the brand name to slap the movie "funny" low budget for a fee. Another reason for bad capitalism (and cocaine) <br /> <br /> However, this movie is a terrible moment. Don't waste 90 minutes. I want my back. Plus, Fred Willard is there. !
