If the term does not have geographical meanings and meanings, we may refer to "Ned Kelly" as "Western Australia". For those underneath, Ned Kelly is clearly a villager hero. Similar to Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde and Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kids The descendants of Irish immigrants Kelly became refugees and were illegitimate after he was accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime that his innocent mother had been taken to jail for. In order to return to the government for this offense, his brother Kelly and two other friends became famous bank robbers, winning the hearts of many people in the countryside while creating justice for the people. Irish immigrants Treated with insults and contempt by those who run around the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we have encountered situations "Gentleman Thief", many times in the past "Ned Kelly" was very familiar and unfamiliar with it. Showing respect for the patterns and types of games of various types, whether it is inevitable confrontation Ned is the violator of the general rule of gold heart that can only be killed when he is forced and even with the deepest regret. In addition, he also had the pulse of the villagers in general when in the middle of a bank robbery, he returned a valuable watch to a customer after his gang had accidentally stolen it. What movie does this story not present such a scene? Of course, it is a benevolent act of choice, which allows him to receive the love and respect from every little person who secretly admires anyone who can escape by adhering to the power and condition That is Jeffrey Rush expressed the role of a superior lawyer who felt that he had contributed to the destruction of the insurgents who fled with the establishment of the institution. Although there was an inevitable episode in which a woman was detained and entered the next room and had sex with a thief, so she turned to a romantic criminal life. And this movie is full of one hacked scene. From now on, another scene, Heath Ledger, fails to distinguish himself in the title role. It doesn't help him be forced to describe the murmur that underlines the sacredness and hypocrisy of characters and movies. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" may act strange as a lesson in history. Australia But as entertainment, it is just an old story told with a different accent
