I've heard about the terrible thing about Cabin Fever, almost as much as I've heard. When it appeared that the first film from the new director, Eli Roth, it was just an attempt with an IQ score reduced while the movie went on. There are movies that are worse and more bleeding. (While I'm not sure that the hype-meter is very high in the blood count for the hostel, there are a large number of fans here.) The evidence is not bad as well: Children go to the cabin for a week. The only party that will meet a very sick man with bleeding He winded up in the water that fed the reservoir and soon all the characters gave up on the meat-eating virus in some way. The characters, whether they are college-led children (including the Rider Strong as a hero and James DiBello, are stupid side bars) or supporters of 'villages' that are exemplary to the point of inertia, if not so painful. <br /> <br /> When they meet their fate, the townspeople are surprised and seem to be thrown together for no reason without a lot of laughter. 'Where did Pancakes kid come from and maybe? Possibly be more fun than the movie, or by itself. But in the context of other movies, it doesn't work. There are also less stupid and believing police characters than other characters and families that follow DiBello after the event. There are some possibilities that are not true. But while Roth pumped his script with common sense, went out the window and suddenly feared and shocked the people who drilled each other and the killer dog was surfing around, which was not all for no one. Now unlike Troma's horror movie, or even less than the 70s or 80s - which I'm sure Roth is a big fan - he doesn't make it impossible to see. In addition, it is also wise to have no explanation of where the virus came from. <br /> <br /> But unlike those movies, he still doesn't have a good idea of ​​what caused a terrifying horror. Of course, his movie tries to do that, and he will do it once or twice to do stupid things. When bloodshed (I do like a random rabbit, Strong sees while in Gurney) it's not that bad. Filmed many times (Although it is a choice of style, design or red on the lens or the story with the workers in the alley) It has many irrational situations and options. (Shave your legs with a deadly virus uh-huh) and it is intended for common ground. If that is your cup of tea, give you more power for you. But in the end, I found that it was an unusual land that did not make the audience feel sensitive. Ala Saw, but not swinging on the fence, whether it is a smart B movie, Roth is also determined to finish the movie with a note. Real 'what-the-hell', while the clerk of the shop Santa Claus has a beard from earlier in this movie, serves a group of black people It can work if he follows it with something better or if he completely discards it. Can say the same for many movies. C-
