The evidence of Cabin Fever began as though there might be something to offer. College youth group after the finals (In the fall?) Go to the resort's cabin in the forest where they are attacked by a virus eating a space that is invisible to each other. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the first paragraph is Any remote element of stopping the quality of the Cabin Fever movie is less than the college boy who is looking for sex, drinking, talking unceasingly and seeing how many f bombs they can enter in 1:40. Minutes or longer. Regulation <br /> <br /> Children act and respond stupidly to everything around them. One example of them discovered that the skin virus infected her legs. What would she do? She continued to shave her legs, not to see a doctor to heal wounds. The scene is more than just a small income. On the other hand, the Rider Strong from "Boy Meets World" is bitten by some children who say "Pancakes" and like to make karate kicks with those sitting next to him. If you can find the reason why combining "pancakes" together, I like to know. However, the rider fed a wild dog and went out to wash his hands in contaminated creeks Another child likes to release F bombs in response to everything around and shooting a squirrel. Why? You can guess as good as mine. <br /> <br /> The Strong Rider is the only child that has been accepted in this movie. He tries to calm people down during shouting and screaming and f *** y **! The bombs that people threw when children were not shouting, they were having or talking about sex or talking nonsense with other adult characters (if possible) more stupid. child! The stupid police with the best IQ 60 may be one of the worst performances I've ever seen in a movie. You talk about people who don't play with a full deck. This dork doesn't know how to find cards! Lol! I like "Would you please shut up ?!" He made the child actor look genius! The only part I like is the scary story of Ryder. (Although full of blood) about a bowling guy In the interview, the driver said he had a great respect for director Eli Roth, but the problem was that Mr. Roth seemed to be more than just shock and blood. There are many bad things about this movie that caused Roth to get credit. I hope I will agree with Ryder and find something that is pleasing about this movie. Maybe the autumn scene at first? In fact, Rider Strong JUST helps this movie to be 1! Hopefully he will be compensated for this garbage!
