I don't really know that Cabin Fever should be a joke or a movie ... but as far as I know, it's closer to being a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the horror film community decided to take a new step and create fun for the genre. There is a program in the Scream of stupid horror characters that can be predicted and the characters in Scream end up doing the same thing which adds humor and sarcasm to this type of analysis and Leading to the hope that the next horror movie will be shown slightly differently, full of sarcasm, self-ridicule towards the movie itself, or at least different in the process of performing their drama He is more tired than the old movie, too. To watch "Cabin Fever" alas, many people will see that the original movie is boring, pretending to be boring and not scary. The title is "scary" Now, even a few years time. First of all, this movie lacks the initiative that others do. There are times when people say that the horror director is a little more imaginative today. But the creation of this film in the cabin in the forest does not seem to be "hommage" with anything. It seems to just ripoff. Those who wish to be surprised by other factors of the film's story will not: Again, we are facing. With movies that have characters in their early twenties who do not think logically when placed in front of the problem Rather arguing for many hours and getting a fight rather than thinking and doing something about it Not too excited For the seventh time in a horror movie, they were tempted to kiss, give love and enjoy things that didn't make them different from the horror victims that had seen before. Secondly, this film is incredibly serious. Every situation in which the characters are in every conversation, every situation in the movie is treated seriously, which the audience with a slightly mocking feeling will receive relief when some characters end up dying. There is nothing in the movie that directs, writes, or marks anything that shows humor or satire, which is very amazing when considering this film about viruses that have never been heard before and never heard before. (No laughter). I won't make the performance because there are no actors in this movie. Actors are hired to act as friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and this will make anyone who has seen the "good" horror movie before the movie script will be absolutely empty. Nothing actually happens. Some actions are repeated many times. ("Let us try to ask for help!") There is nothing reasonable whether in the facts, the psychology of the character or even the final sequence of the film, which may be a joke. Should be funny according to the director and screenwriter Eventually, I will say that horror movies are probably something scary. Gallons of fake blood, whether they are vomiting, sprayed from the limbs that have been cut or dipped from the wound are not enough to shock the audience. Important features such as screenplay, ideas and even cruelty have been requested for anyone claiming to have something terrible. If I don't think it's all a failure, I agree to think that this movie has only one skill: it looks disgusting, disgusting. But the income and fear are two different feelings. <br /> <br /> I want to encourage everyone to be curious or interested in Watch this movie to check out horror movies. Why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, movies created by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Lynn, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... It might not be Give a good definition of Something scary or horror about yourself But still convince the audience that "new" doesn't have to be "better". A good example about a movie is a few composers that Angelo Badalamenti has prepared for this film, even though they are close to the song first. His face is not distorted.
