Those of you who like me are disappointed with the original horror yarn of 1995. "Fear" will find disappointment in this stupid little sequel. It's similar to a similar plot. But it is impossible to connect with the real thing, except for the appearance of Morty, a monster model made of wood This is a brief overview. <br /> <br /> Twenty years after Mike Hawthorn (Gordon Currie in the proper performance) witnessed his father mercilessly killing his mother. And then spent his own life that day. In the hope of eliminating his fear, Mike took his girlfriend and many friends to his grandparents' house. His plan is to allow everyone to dress in a costume that shows their fears and then offers fear to the model Morty. According to Indian friends, this process should be miraculously eliminated. What Mike didn't know was that Morty had his father's soul and started killing friends ... or was Mike really suicidal? Who will be worried? <br /> <br /> A There is a little problem with this movie. Morty's first lie. I think the original makes Morty look reliable. This time, it is clear that Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake suit. This can be seen, especially in the early scenes that Morty still lives. But if you look closely, you will see him blinking. Another problem is that most characters do not try enough. Some people do like Betsy Palmer on Friday the 13th. The great reputation in this movie. But most do not use the effort or do not get the opportunity Finally killing The opening scene involving the murder of Ax is very reliable. Actually, when I saw them, I thought I was in a good movie. When it came to the second half of this film and the killing began, everything would break into pieces. Death is both uncreative, unseen, oreseen (a glimpse of the next scene when Currie has a fire). While wanting more features in the first half But it's not too bad The second half I think the new director, Chris Angel, has arrived at this point and doesn't know how to shoot a scene that is truly violent, so they become sloppy and true pedestrians. The stupid death didn't help anything as well. So if you don't like the original manuscript and enjoy plucking out from under your skin, you should skip "The Fear 2: Halloween Night". Zanatos score: 4 out of 10
