Attack Force has a scary name and can almost certainly be judged by the scary cover because this movie is awesome! The plot mistakes, the messy stuff and the doldrums make this movie difficult to start until the end. I manage this and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (mostly old-fashioned), it's painful to see him as a star in a rag. Half a dozen movies of True Seagal or such movies have a lot. But at least some of them have qualification for redemption Attack power is a mess. From the idea of ​​delivering the film, there have been many changes since the plot of the alien plot to date about the high-level drug addiction being released in Romania. (This film has many settings Looks like Romania, because they are in Romania!) The public. This movie was packed together regardless of the original script filming status. There are many holes and loose ends in this movie. That was a problem in Seagal's last few films as well, but never got boring results. There is a story about poisoned tap water with CTX (that is the name of a wonderful drug) that has never been resolved! <br /> <br /> Of course, in the past few years, this plot is not an eye on Seagal Cannon, so there is a big responsibility in other departments, especially act Before I considered that action, all other departments were bad, bad directions or maybe better, making them look bad. Who knows how director Michael Keusch intended to create this movie? During his work, he completed the filming by Tom Clair, the dwarf and the visionary editor. The best way to describe this movie is that it is available all over the store! The filming of the movie was almost boring, causing sleep while scoring from making noise. (It sounds like it was produced at the cheapest price of cheap synthesizers), not doing anything to stimulate interest. The actors were so poor that they could not save anything. Seagal looked boring and cannot be remembered and was dubbed through the majority of images clearly when the plot was changed. He looks tired and overweight and lethargic, unlike his previous image as well. (Amazing, as mentioned above, is the main complaint in Seagal's latest image). The only actor who can redeem it is Adam Croasdell. As one of the villains, doing a Brit routine that looks like he's a human gangster. Star because he plays it inhumane It seems that he is half-blooded between vampires and vampires. (Similar to the villain, led by a hot chick who sometimes appears to be waiting for her husband Dracula) <br /> <br /> Finally, action. Well it's poor Bad feeling, bad shot There is not much as well and there is less Seagal than Stevo does not bring the talent show twice here because there is nothing to do very little. There are long (repetitive and boring) action scenes on the hour mark, which are occasionally interrupted with light flashes from Seagal's stand, because Seagal is clearly not there while the scene. Was shot and they wanted him to act in action scenes. Eventually, Seagal appeared to shoot two men in the head. Seagal had the manufacturer's credit here and credits the script. But from what I understand that this film has been modified back to his current state, Seagal will obviously not work with these people again or with Castel Studio sub-Nu-Image. Fear (saying something) Content <br /> <br /> Overall, this is something that should be avoided. If you're not a Seagal fan, Seagal fans can safely know that a big man might not want to do bad things. This evil the Unfortunately, his next film shot with the same person promises to be even worse. * * * *
