I rented this thing because I was tired of the NBC programming of the 80s and it seems that I will save a lot of money. I have nothing compared to any actors and their credit. They work well. But this show has a flaw from the place. <br /> <br /> We have characters that don't like. He is full of flaws, not enlightenment, and completely jerks on a good day. But the reason that everyone should pay attention is just not there While creating an American sitcom centered on a stupid, stupid person who is revolutionary and full of potential But not found here in this show Most supporting characters are not characters that are full of flesh. But rather a sad punching bag that requires attention from the audience for punching Like sitcoms, they are the ones that make people look the most normal, and in doing so, they erase the leading role at the level that we see as a bitcher and hurt people. ...why? There is no reason. Any normal person will leave only abuse. Causing them to stay there for no real reason, even the unbelievable story that Joanna Cassidy had given to him during the second special abortion episode, which had its own big problem: that show Just believe that the person who is resistant to this man because we say that he has a heart of gold is not consistent with the reality of the situation If anything, this thing will not be boring at all. This is a bad plan, think and execute a place that has a short time, but overall it has met with the fate that deserves. Someone has the courage to go out and create a very good idea. But the executions were so haphazard that it seems that Jerry Springer, a strange script version that some people were abused by us, told us that this type of program requires the expertise that the actors here can easily But somehow can not do And that is a fatal mistake that causes the program to not work. <br /> <br /> Chalk to the list during infancy. Whether it is a show that is worth watching But it makes it more drunk when trying to focus on the stars and the whole organization is not as expected
