Going down as the most expensive movie in Finnish history to date, "Dark Floors" is a horror movie that has a very narrative about Linhien that tells the story of the "class" set that is increasingly deteriorating in the hospital. Deserted The protagonist is trapped. Autistic's daughter and her father were indifferent to the hospital who saw no medical advancement with the daughter walking into the elevator to discuss the problem with one of the hospital nurses. When accompanied by security guards, businessmen and homeless people who seem to be confused, soon the group found that the group was abandoned. But they are not alone Directed by Finnish Pete Riski, well known for his television work, "Dark Floors", mainly filmed in English using British actors. But there is a collection of the most famous Finnish "Lordi" songs Himself is in their vicious series on stage as an enemy of movies, but for all razzmatazz, production fails in the most necessary position to convince the audience. <br /> <br /> Any movie that With their lead characters using the phrase "too quiet", heading to a suspicious path and Lordi, who has influenced this, doesn't make that meeting break down For all good ideas that were thrown into the mix, there were clichés picked up on one side and the worst of all, original stuff that was interesting is not enough meat to reflect. The concept of the degraded area began to be highly ominous and gave a feeling that could not be avoided because the audience perceived that those trapped in the hospital had to progress further in the mire. However, there is not enough atmosphere to scare and intimidate the audience to the fear of ignorance. The viewer realizes that the journey will become more and more dangerous due to the reduced level of white, shadow to evil black. But i don't think The characters are well aware of this fact in order to threaten. In addition, all movies that occur in what is bubble their own time is another very good touch, a concept that is not often used in horror genres. But the characters do not face enough situations with fear and anxiety when they stumble This fact, they continue to run their business quickly and do not have to worry about the concept of what it means to the audience. These good initial thoughts are just a waste of waste, as if the director and / or Mr Lordi (with many ideas used in the movie) have these ideas. But disagree or decide how to use it best And as such, lost their purpose and points. <br /> <br /> But for all the hassle with lots of jokes But not for the reason that the creator will hope Too much is a cliché, too much and too much recycling is just ridiculous. While the lead actor is Noah Huntley, friendly But the character is just a cardboard that has been cut in the depths that have been placed in the story from other movies We have leaders who do everything to protect his daughter alongside love. Which comes with "pair". We have a traditional black man as a security guard who has been under strict treatment with endless clips for his weapons and just disbelieving businessmen. Only look at yourself Unfortunately, the most regrettable is the introduction of Lordi's actors as creatures of the night that tortured our inappropriate band. But not for them that appeared What makes horror horror for viewers watching is the context. The fear of "The Shining" is scary because it is a member of your family who is hunting you in "Dawn Of The Dead". It is our fear. Mutual and primitive human flesh eating and unreasonable ideas that zombies have in "Alien". Fear explains. That creature rationalizes and in "Dark Floors" there is no such thing. Perhaps it's not fair to compare this production with monoliths of this type, but when you show that it pales significantly and the invaders feel like nothing more than the degenerate Klingons, which you can see the zipper on the costume. "Lordi" is not terrible. <br /> <br /> It makes you angry because we are all cheering for the underdog and hope that they will do well. For small productions saying that they can create the same quality The movie "Hollywood" is very turbulent in the same way that George A Romero started, but it wasn't true. I enjoyed this movie and didn't feel like I had wasted the last ninety minutes. But I felt completely at the hollow level, as if nothing had happened or affected my subconscious, my emotions or crises. I feel that Lynchian's storytelling is almost a great plus. But it disappeared in void Why it happened What does it mean? Will they pass all this again? Without a thorough understanding of what would happen, this movie was puzzled for the effort of becoming an artist. The whole sequence of events is true or only a sequence of dreams. Autistic women have watched the annual Eurovision Song Contest 2006 and a very strange nightmare from the stress that arises? Who knows? And, unfortunately, I failed to work on energy to take care of even "Dark Floors". It was a formidable experience, while in the end it was superficial, hidden potential, and at the very least demonstrated many creative powers From Mr Lordi, who may be viewed as a solo worker to develop his ideas It's what fans of the group or genre should follow. But will make you feel lost in the lurch because there is not enough light in the situation
