Now it's a matter of credit. (If one can say that there is one) Timothy Hines has managed the original setting of HG Wells' outstanding novels. But other than that - it's better to call it a spade - it sucks. The big thing that Master Ed Wood can do with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines makes Mr. Wood, who is a flawed genius, actually seems to be the best filmmaker of all time. Special effects (I guess you will call them) is not a standard computer game. The performance may be somewhat related to theatrical performances and the accent is brutal. When there is a risk of discontent, many performances from the main characters of men are (Especially Poor Ogilvy), Uh, ... GAY! The poor Ogilvy smashed and surrounded the English countryside that forged his waving white asbestos handkerchief, as if it were heat-resistant armor. Hey, the Stormtrooper in "Star Wars" has the same white armor as well, and it doesn't work as well. They are still damaged even though Ogilvy and the company are abandoned by 'The Ray Heat' (?) Of the Martians, they flick and chop in strange dances, even if they are in DEAD theory and fall into skeletons that are still in dance. Perhaps Timothy Hines rented a skeleton from Ray Herssen, who was left with "Jason And The Argonauts" or "Josie and the Pussycat"? I don't know. The military assumed that because of their 'soldiers' seems to be incredibly explosive, like soldiers on crutches and hapless companions carrying cribs beside him. Wow! I like it! But the 'soldiers' seem to be a fascist force from the Spanish Civil War or Boer Commandos (which is more or less accurate at that time). Maybe that is the intelligence in the evil genius Hines? ) Oddly enough, the character of Curate looks like he's drawn in the original illustration by Warwick Goble, and he became the most convincing work to perform. Yes. Don't forget the thunder's son. In this book, the ship is described as a fixed torpedo. It means the enemy ship Even so, it bowed after banging on the Tinker-Toy, creating the Martian War Machines with small notches in the forepeak, and she collapsed. Armored warships like THUNDERCHILD can hit TITANIC and survive. But I think that the navy is bound to the lowest bidder, the same as our army. Everything is wrong, especially the British army uniform and police. Tim Bo, showing respect for Western Films Of Yore, clearly created his movie in Wild Western England because all riders use western saddles. The accent that is used by everyone seems to be a mixture of regional Scottish accents used by Clan Macabre and the delicious Irish accent from Magical Malarky on the credit and in contrast to what one reviewer wrote about the true features and The genuine thing of this is the big gun. Guns are not from civil war. But appeared to my eyes and conducted research as a true British sniper who destroyed nine or 12 pounds of Rifled Breach Loaders. Therefore, the ammunition was used, but the Artilleryman, who was the driver of the Horse Artillery, did not show driving fluently. You are not sitting on a cold elevator box and driving a gun team. You ride a nearby wheel. Launching using what I believe to be an ancient movie is ok and the score is not bad. However, for my best knowledge, Weybridge never had an underground and certainly not in 1898. <br /> <br /> But growing up from reading this novel, I was very disappointed. Even more frustrated when I was at Spielberg's million dollar special technique full of burdens Perhaps his version may profit from the Anthony Piana exchange for Tom Cruise and vice versa. I have more to say But I'll let it go here for now: I hope someone will make a good version of "War Of The Worlds" that is faithful to the original. Tim's vision is good for a high school film class, or maybe I should say stupidly for college film students and terrible, which is the best thing I can say about this. But that's a matter of course. Where is the budget going? And what happened to Michael Caine? I want to hear his opinions! I wonder if Timbo "Orson Wood" Hines' amazing and amazing movie masterpiece may be the director's ticket that is at risk of being a star because I have to admit the guilt of watching this movie. Have not paid But was sent to me by a friend who wrote the DVD for me without a malicious charge that I can identify I have to add here that I think Blackmoon's short and dubbed version is not only a great improvement. But also a funny and funny game I find it difficult to see the version of Master Timbo after Blackmoon keeps Tim! Create your own "DUNE" now. It's just waiting for your hand like you! And you all snobs snobber who hates Cloverfield? Forget it, it can't beat Tim Bo because of the art of SHEER! Hey, get life! TIMBO is better than Master Ed! I forbid you!
