Lordi is an important propaganda and revelation in 2007 because they won the Eurovision Song Contest with metal music (not very heavy), titled "Hard Rock Halalaya" and appeared on stage dressed like animals. Ugly But we see that their victories are probably very little related to their musical abilities. The Eurovision contest gradually becomes a political circle over the years and Lordi may win because of their music. Slightly changed and ?? More important - because all of their actions are cleverly deceptive in all annual events. The perfect final thing from the first horror movie. (And hopefully the last) of Lordi is the change and "Dark Floors" ingenuity which is based on the ideas of the lead and starring others. In the supporting role is a strange and hopeless idea like real Great budget ("Dark Floors" should be the most expensive Finnish movie ever). Guarantee that the parts are disgusting and impressive makeup art. But what should not be told? This film takes place in a hospital with a large number of people, among them there is a father and a little daughter who is sick of being nervous in the elevator during a power outage. When the door opened again, the floor would be empty and it seemed that the hospital had been abandoned for many years. When trying to reach the exit, the group will encounter many terrifying and mysterious obstacles such as dead bodies, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters that emerge from the ground. The three points I give to "Dark Floors" are for scenes and creating enough tension during the first half of the movie. As long as the insidious event does not require explanation, the atmosphere is quite creepy. But as soon as you know that the explanation is) is a fool or b) never comes to a proposition, collapses like an unstable card house. Lordi's costumes are not scary to begin with (except for the fans And when combined with stories that are more reminiscent of horror in Asia, they just look pathetic and inappropriate. With national myths and locations that are truly unique outside, I always believe that Finland? Land of Taosun Lake Should be an ideal breeding ground for horror horror tales But I think that's another confusion in my account.
