I just died three hours from doing this and I can tell that I felt violated. I have read comments and heard warnings and I think I am prepared for everything - the best I think is an honest effort. (If misunderstood) In the first modification The worst "Plan 9". Good - Poor - Poor for the new millennium. So when I tried to pick up a copy in Walmart while in Florida and brought it back to the UK, I joked with my friends that Oh, cruel karma. There is nothing to recommend this movie. The "special" effect looks like the work of the first year design students using Spectrum ZX81. The performance is terrible. The accent is worse. (The accent of a cannon that seemed to lead us to visit the British Isles from Scotland to Wales through Northern Ireland via Northern Ireland) The conversation was boasting. The production value proves that there is no cost. Words cannot explain how bad this movie is. From the flag that flew from CGI'd Thunderchild (the Navy, White Flag, not Union Flag) to the show that is riding a bull. This is just a crime against making movies. When you consider an avid fan movie that doesn't exist at all in 'net' (for example, "Troops" for Star Wars) And if you believe the interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie has 8 budget photos! I can assume that the dodgy facial hair is not cheap in the United States. It may be a problem that Hines & co tries to create a movie of the book instead of changing into a book. (If there is a reason) The characters and accessories sprang up into words, words, words, without trying to convey the feelings behind the words. Surprisingly, only people who came close to achieving good results were Darlene Zeller, a soft porn actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne is not upset and goes to see Spielberg's version. It may not be true with the contents of the book. But I can speak; As an avid fan of HG Wells (and Britons as well), the Speilbergs movie is really against the spirit of this book. It may be a wrong tradition that I carry this strange creature into the country. But I will say this: Timothy Hines steals my life for three hours and I want them to come back.
