I watched the classic version of this film by R.D. Blackmore instead until the A&E version of 2001 was released in the video. And what a terrible substitution has proven to be true !!!! <br /> <br /> This model has no real aspect. I feel like I am there in the A&E movie. (Except Sean Bean) and "Love" seem to be forced and planned In fact, no kissing until the end of the movie !!!! The triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal as you like) and Evil Carver Doone are not mentioned or expanded. We don't get in-depth information about Carver here or why he has a romantic feeling for Lorna (if any). This film cuts out the main characters and many interesting characters, such as Discuss Doone and Lizzie, John's youngest famous sister, who are important to the plot. The screenplay lacks confidence. Political intrigue does not occur in the script. The way Lorna took part in Doones was not true for the original story. Now, don't understand me wrong. Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor. (See Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation), but he found it polite and persistent and long hair (Maybe a bad wig) Not suitable for him !!!! Polly Walker is a cute and successful actress (see Enchanted April and Patriot Games, which she herself likes to play with Sean Bean), but she looks colorless and lacking clarity. She had pain on the lips that makeup couldn't hide and the dress didn't look out at all. The late Robert Stephens became respected as Sir Ensor Doone, although he cited Lorna as his favorite thing more than his granddaughter, which she is famous for in this book In addition, for me, it seems that Owen and Walker are too old for their role. (May be makeup) and the scenery is brown, cool, gray and arid I understand that it is located in the south west of England. But it is green there and they will get sunshine !!! The description of Tom Faggus' character and his "death", which did not occur in the novel. One good thing is the performance of Sean Bean as a carver. Although it was not close to the drawing of Aidan Gillen in the A&E movie, Bean made one villain. In a nutshell, see this only if you have time to kill a few hours. But don't expect anything exciting or real for other novels (but I would recommend A & E's movies) about this exhausting adaptation.
