Admitted that I had no high expectations about "Corky Romano" but then again, who did However, I feel that it deserves benefit from doubt. I have no high hopes for "Joe Dirt" - another story recently starring actor SNL - and I was surprised. But this movie looks very bad as it looks in the example of Chris Kattan. Actually, it's a talented comic actor - in contrast to what you might think after watching this movie - with great power. He has played many hilarious SNLs, and I think he is one of the best performing actors in SNL. At this point, in this case, he gets a pointless weak script and he tries to fix each scene with a constant attack. Throughout each scene, he tried to act innocent Jerry Lewis and failed miserably. Jerry Lewis knows how to pull this type of comedian out, not to mention that he works with much better writing. Kattan looks like some foolish person with ADHD with Cafe Lattes too. He doesn't even Wait for the finisher He will assume that we all laugh when he starts jumping around like a monkey in a crack. In one scene, he ended up pairing with a dog that contained cocaine in his mouth. Package of explosions and cocaine splashed around him. He came back to the stressful work of Coke. How should we now laugh about the fact that he is hyper and modern when he does the same thing throughout the story? <br /> <br /> The rest of the members of the actors ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot. Peterberg has lost his role perfectly. Peter Falk is also wasted even though he has A few funny lines that I'm pretty sure he has improvised. I hope Falk will get a good movie someday. That is too much of a talent for a gangster like "Corky Romano". I don't like Falk's latest movie "Create" everything, but at least he has the right role. <br /> <br /> Laugh. But not laughing at all Each gag is performed without feeling the time or delivery. And it is even worse from the performance of Hammam And there are some gags that are dragged out of the way For example, when Kattan was farting in the face of his two brothers He stood there for 2 or 3 minutes, tried to fart away, and when he finally made it a little, it wasn't good enough when you had a joke and dragged it out. But when you have a joke and you drag it out, it's terrible And another example of this is when he tries to translate what two Asian men say during drug use I can go on about something unusual with this funny movie called But I will not waste time As I said earlier, if you predict bad things from the example - you correctly predict <br /> <br /> My score: 3 (full 10)
