Why is this movie so bad? If it is annoying and unimaginable, then this movie is the character of Corky Romano, the most unique and most disgusting. Predictable gags But that's not a bad thing. They are unpredictable jokes that your friends will say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is a gentle manners that try to do right. His quiet life was cast as a family that once refused, he wanted him to infiltrate the FBI to destroy the traces of the family's criminal history. However, it was not easy for Corgi because the FBI believed that he was a great spy and pinned him with the duty to spy on his own family. Accidents and bodily harms actually occur, but it doesn't feel like there is a hijixn cartoon there. Ending with love with his beautiful FBI partner and having to create statistics to match the FBI and his family if he has to go The base for a peaceful life again. <br /> <br /> I think what makes this movie The irritation was both a lead actor and a joke. Chris Kattan revealed his shocking limitations as an actor here, due to one of his most popular routine works in the film for about 10 minutes. K that will have a full movie with humor Solely by Kattan's partner, Will Ferrel, seems to have made a full career The only difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to speak and rely on other methods of telling jokes. There is no variety in Kattan's routine. It is difficult to hear two jokes. But for all the movies that are just torture, <br /> <br /> The other problem with this film is the lack of original and truly funny stories. The mafia brother, gay, awkward guy, and many other memorable jokes. It seems like no one is as funny as the first time you almost can't laugh. It seems that the screenwriter will have a more enjoyable time writing than anyone who looks at it. Although there are comedic actors (Chris Penn, Peter Falk), jokes that get bored No chemistry as well. Obviously, this movie is a pocket book for actors. Looks like nobody is interested or try it. The sad thing is that no body tells Chris Kattan that
