Although I heard that "Cama de Gato" is the worst Brazilian film in a decade. But I watched it give you a chance Finally, director / producer / first time author Alexandre Stockler tries to launch his feature. (Taken in the video) for only $ 4,000 and even though it is cheaper - I can't imagine what he did In order to get it to show in the cinema without a sponsor or a large production company behind (Then, when I watched it, I knew why) but whatever chance you were ready to give to "Cama de Gato", they would drop to zero within 10 minutes: It was an amazing story. Believe, verbose, ideological ideals and technical catastrophes to describe Brazilian middle class neo-Nazis addicted to sex and drugs and violence. (And they were created to look like gay men who are also closed), making them unable to see their talents, talents, imagination, expertise or structure concepts With eyes and blood, it will remember what the worst amateurs you can find on YouTube - only here. It takes a long time NINETY TWO (count'em) minutes from hysteria and clumsiness that doesn't change and It's not funny. <br /> <br /> We all have seen stories before: boys who are tired of having fun, going to parties, taking medicine and everything goes wrong - gang rape, hand, murder, death. Without setting (Falling down the stairs !!), the mother of a boy, which ends with the boy and the girl's mother was cremated in landfill waste. Can morality and garbage literally This film is heavily influenced by Larry Clark (especially "children" and "bullies"), but Clark's films - though still morally and sexually - are highly masterpieces compared to This shit. <br /> <br /> I don't think there is a monomaniacal thrust, just like in the filmmakers who stuck his thoughts into the audience's neck: Stockler grabbed us in the neck and tried to force people. There is no morality to stop in We want a repetition and fatigue. Dazed with babbling, shouting, improper directions, shaky cameras and horrifying performances occur. Stockler doesn't care about a little technique. (Image quality, frame, sound recording, background music, dialogue, set, editing, and others are shocking) but he is a narcissistic self-control: he predicts his criticism To get by adding subtitles with smartie / cute comments and by assisting protagonist comments at one point, how far and fake it all is (I can relate to that.) <br /> <br /> Despite his ambitions, Stockler seems to be unable to give him the structure of vision or storytelling - he can't decide if He needs real realism. (Mobile video camera, etc.) or style (repetition, use of alternatives, etc.) condemns him unable to decide where to place his camera. (With subjective camera use for three prospects)! This conversation has the most stubborn distraction. The plot exists only to demonstrate the profound hatred of the director for his character and what they stand for. What you see is a filmmaker who shows hate, preach, and morality without using the minimum (or technical) skills to move forward. <br /> <br /> It's very frustrating to meet Caio. Blat In this mess, of course, one of the most promising young movie actors in Brazil, with a puppy that sleeps his eyes and emotions, often thinking of Sal Mineo's Blat that is highly effective under the direction. (As in "Carandiru", "Lavoura Arcaica", "Proibido Proibir") Here, he was ordered to go to the highest point and he had to play with the most embarrassing "actor" in recent memories. In addition, he also entered the land where there was a risk of sexual exploitation scenes. (So ​​they look like webcams - porn) <br /> <br /> This movie opens and ends with real interviews with "ordinary people" (?) - Stockler wants us to interview those As "evidence" of what he tried to preach in the novel But he blatantly insults and makes the fun of his interviewee choose the highlights of racism, stretching stupid statements (Which shows assholes everywhere) Stockler wants to prove that middle-class Brazilian teenagers are all fascists today or in the future because they are middle class and enjoy drugs (He is saying that all neo-fascists are in drugs or that drugs cause the behavior of fascists not to be told) <br /> <br /> With self-righteousness, techniques for headaches and boredom. That makes the mind "Cama de Gato" not good for 1,000 reasons, but above all, it is dangerous in a very malignant manner: it makes the argumentator in the Brazilian cinema have the power of argument Say The deep buried and forgotten the best.
