The validation of Nuremberg must be considered a door to an accidental history with the movie "valkyrie" (Tom Cruise) "Valkyrie" (2008). Finally, the world is said to have anti-German during World War II. The second time, professionally organized with civil servants, military generals, soldiers and civilians who try to throw the Nazi political regime, install a new prime minister, receive peace and Closed the concentration camp However, these unknown absolute heroes did not receive any help from the allies that helped against France just next door. Historical writers have used the institutional agenda since obscuring the alliance of evil, which cost tens of millions of lives to anyone who believes that there is a deception that the Germans fully support Nazism and deserve genocide. 24 hours and "unconditional surrender" defined in Germany. <br /> <br /> The German puzzle code was destroyed by an Angkorian scientist. England in 1943, which is well known among the Germans in 1943, the Germans had developed a jet fighter and bomber jets by companies including Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even though the Nazis were eliminated and the German resistance was successful, the alliance did not allow any democracy in the world to have fighter jets, bombers, high-speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio-guided missiles. Before! This is something related to the institutional agenda. Therefore, the resistance of the Germans did not receive help from the allies, although they had always been clever in eliminating Adolf Hitler. The coup on 20 July 1944 proved that the Germans had made serious efforts to obtain peace. But the Germans had the last order of "Unconditional surrender" and 24-hour saturation bombing on the agenda to avoid peace Partners want to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from Germany and have complete ownership through "Unconditional surrender" It is the agenda of the alliance that has been premeditated to allow the war to extend and preserve the Nazis in the power to demonstrate the 24-hour bombardment. Years after the day before, the Allied forces invaded Germany to steal the world's greatest technology of guns. However, tens of millions of people died. From the alliance, leaving the anti-German people for their own greed. <br /> <br /> The alliance defines it. "Unconditional surrender" in Germany as an excuse to own and control the property and the German government completely and without the use of German resistance to eliminate the Nazis. The Alliance wants to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from Germany to achieve the world's highest technological power. Therefore, everything happens to be the second in the evil alliance agenda, which killed millions of people in the 24-hour bombing. The concentration camps are still open. A protracted war and lead "Cold War" with weapons based on the success of the technology industry and scientists brought from Germany in World War II. <br /> <br /> War crimes trials in 1946, Nuremberg, deception Relationships and massacres committed by the Allies as a retrospective justice against the Nazis Is a smoke screen to hide the evil and greed of allies for world-class technological power, rather than helping to resist the German overthrow of Nazi political regimes. <br /> <br /> Tens of millions of people die because the allies leave their resistance. German On the agenda But they have taken revenge against the German chief officer, however, who paid for their lives in the Nuremburg war crimes or not, even though the allies were genocide to achieve the world's highest technological power.
