Before I made Spike Lee out of the movie SUMMER OF SAM, that was great. I should make it clear. I didn't scold this movie just for the integrity of the dirty and unpleasant images. What makes this movie impossible to be watched is the fact that Lee seems to believe that the SUMMER OF SAM should be seriously considered as a drama that provides social clarity. For example, Quentin Tarantino's crime movie is full of violence, vulgarity and other paranoia, but there are still many people watching because Tarantino doesn't try to pass. These movies He knows that these movies are for entertainment purposes only. On the other hand, drastic dramas such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER'S LIST tend to look unpleasant. But the dissatisfaction was to develop the plot and characters of the movie with the ultimate goal of making the audience participate emotionally. SUMMER OF SAM Unfortunately, there are But his passion for feeling while believing that it is social criticism is like other junk epic. <br /> <br /> SUMMER OF SAM is not a serious drama because Its character is just a cardboard cutout stereotypes. Its plot claims to show the emotional impact of hysteria in the murder of son of Sam, who lives in the Bronx neighborhood of northern Italy - American Italian that has been Murder happened However, instead of showing the local people that they have a wide variety of personalities, Lee just mocked all negative Italian imaginations. Those men don't know too lazy goombahs. Women were divided between the weak, the "good girl" (Dionna of Mira Sorvino) and the "bad girl" with promiscuous (Jennifer Esposito's ruby). It seemed that Lee wanted to "pay back" Hollywood in many periods. The years of negative African-Americans by eliminating his attitude For example, if Martin Scorsese presented the residents of the neighborhoods of African-Americans as a group of Amos' n Andy and Aunt Jemima, the pattern of critics would condemn such patterns explicitly. More importantly, one-dimensional characters and stereotypes undermine movies that try to express serious social opinions. <br /> <br /> Without exception, actors from the SUMMER OF SAM are excellent. However, most performances have not been accepted. Actors are just through the movement or they have little to work with scriptwise. There is also a mocking that is notable. Comedian John Leguizamo is very talented. But his Winnie characters seem to mimic Tony Manero's johnthawolta's John Travolta from John Satvay NIGHT FEVER and Michael Badalu Kojo, the actor who is "The good man", standing perpetually as a serial killer, David Berkwitz finds funny more than fear. The only interesting act is Adrien Brody who has a problem. But sincere, not suitable for Ritchie. Brody's performance and the movie Lee with style in general is the only virtue of this movie. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 from ****
