After hearing the words from the mouth that this movie was bad, I jumped and bought a DVD. That said everything previously mentioned about this movie is true For movies that claim to have a million budget, it won't show on the screen at all. The list of problems with this movie can be dragged forever. The chief among them is that this film is too long. It dragged for a short time, 3 hours, almost an hour may be cut off at the time of editing, just delete many scenes that are related to nothing else. The main character walks around aimlessly. > <br /> Secondly, as many people have pointed out from "examples", special techniques are special. The tripods look okay in a few shots here, and besides that, everything is of the quality. Z-1970 or 1980 grade may be the worst effect of all. It's a stiff horse that comes while they move. The heat radiation effect is ridiculous because people are downgraded to the bone, which can still fly without muscle. The pitiful thing is that the sequence of Thunderchild, which Thunderchild described in the book, is a ram ironclad ram, which doesn't look anything. It's like a World War I destroyer with a deck gun (which can only be fired without a visible crew) and a torpedo tube. <br /> <br /> Color and background are not as good as the effect. The most ridiculous thing is the first scene in which the main character and his wife went for a walk at night and he pointed to Mars seeing her in the sky. The sky is black But the views of the characters and the surrounding landscape are daylight There is also a very sharp demarcation between the true landscape, bathed in the full sunshine and the fake black night sky with too many large fuzzy stars. In order to divert attention, moreover, the color of the scene is not reasonable. In some people bathed in orange light In other green light, others are still blue light In some cases, the outside has an orange light. But the interior of the house is green or blue The frame rate and the camera are very shaky, making everything look eye-catching. <br /> <br /> Eventually, the show is an overall sub-section. One man described two different characters, one that had no mustache. This leads to some confusion as to who and who they are. The English accent, even with American ears, is evil. <br /> <br /> In summary, this film has been claimed to be the worst movie recently. I have never seen Gigli or other slippers before, but this one because of poor quality in every aspect must be easily worsened from that. Everything in Hollywood is important. I would not be surprised if the movie makes this thing. Ranked 10 or 20 in the IMDb ranking. It's a shame that the Mystery Science Theater is not yet available.
