* Warning, there may be a spoiler in front if you are interested. * <br /> <br /> The basic case of Texas films produced in this country are: college children + spookhouse + magic books Evil = scary things In practice, it equates to a lot of time to watch the time to see how long this film will drag. Many boys, along with their girlfriends and many volunteers, are establishing a haunted house for charity. This project is controlled by an offensive character, which seems to be the main purpose of attacking the members of the actors as much as possible. I have difficulty in believing that everyone will try to work with this person, no matter what: He is not rude and insulting everyone, including his girlfriend and friends. Regardless of whether children will be visited by local characters & the annual pumpkin carving champion. "Pumpkin Jack", an elderly person who explains that "Santa Claus of Halloween" and those who leave props for the house, including bad omen A book that is clearly thought of in the flash prologue that causes frustrating sparks. There is no need to say that some stupid people start to interfere with this book and eventually the monster creature becomes a real thing and a few other ordinary people have to try and survive. There is something good in this movie, but not so much: everything is shot well and the makeup effect is good. On the other hand, the actors didn't do anything or too much. Most stories do not have reason outside the subject. "This will happen" series; There is almost no musical score to talk about, just snatch music throughout the story. And the movie takes an hour to actually get anywhere. The last problem is the most telling: two-thirds of the 90-minute work time is used to set the character repeatedly. Tom is a good person dating with Heidi controls the madness. But he used to date Jill, who is now dating Dan. But she began to have a relationship with Kira, a woman who wears too many shawls / robes. Dan is a really great jerk. Gary likes to play jokes and Steve & Lily likes to have a lot of sex. Things that can be easily handled in 20 minutes or more, dragging continuously until the point of the lesbian "sex" scene (calm down, it's quite tame) makes me look for fast forward buttons. That makes us scared of half-hour calories, ending klunky and not like the deep ride of Jack Pumpkin Jack, which I blame for all the mess. Unless you get this from a discounted rental (And seeing everything in the store really), bring it back on the shelf and continue to watch
