In this issue, Bruce's "sequel" is still being called Billy Lo (can Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee. No), but other than that, that's all it has with other movies. Billy doesn't seem to be an actor anymore. It seems that he is in another country. He is more like a spy. He is the only actor who comes back and is sad. They kill him to make way for a new character. His brother Bobby. Sadly, when Bruce died, this movie died with him. This thing is very bad. It seems that they are writing scripts while filming. This video has been used for a while. (Not too obvious at first) but soon Bruce will always show in the dark all the time (He kicked the light for a while without any clear reason to hide the fact that it's not part). Sadly, when he died, the movie changed. I can't help but wonder if they are filming and they plan to make Bruce still alive. But later decided to kill him because it would not be possible It's hard to change the lead character in the movie, and Bruce is a difficult show to follow, so it's hard to accept Bobby as a star. Bruce has never seen it again in this movie. I think they should create this sequel without Bruce. He has a weak role in this movie. People hope to see Bruce Lee's new movie, which will be disappointed to see that even though he has received the highest bill. But he has only one role Even the worst movies have at least one memorable story. If there is a story about this movie that people are talking about, it's a scene where Billy fights in the nursery. Ironically, it doesn't take Bruce Lee's image in your heart. They do it more confidently in No Retreat. No Surrender is not one of the other actors who have ever done other memorable things. Never speaking to Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp). My advice is to close it as soon as Bruce has finished writing a letter to his brother. Nothing in this movie is worth watching. I found it really sad to see Bruce die. I do not see this small budget movie to get enough money to use images from Enter The Dragon. This is the right way to try to cash in Bruce's name. This story is unusual and the original has been praised for the results. Bruce's work Fortunately, no one has tried anything like this. 1981 is the year of Bruce's last film appearance. It's a sad way to end it. But fortunately, this is proof that Bruce's acting career should be left alone.
