Is it possible to give the movie NO STARS? I do not think, however, many stars. IMDb shows this thing, just think it's zero and you'll get my drift. The director and photographer Timothy Hines has a small budget compared to Spielberg's Herculean efforts with the same content. (Rumored to be the most expensive movie ever) but not necessarily an obstacle I've seen some great work done on the shoestring compared. ("Soldiers and saints" are the latest examples) With hard work, integrity and above all, the ability is therefore possible to realize the clear meaning of Welsh novella - and in the part of what Dreamworks is used in "The War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines has failed in all of these departments. Although he had Spielberg's budget and Tom Cruise signed his leadership contract, his movie would be baffled like an animal in the barn he put on us. <br /> <br /> Initially, Hein Seems to be unable to tell the story Thanks to digital video technology that allows him to record images and sounds But he showed little talent in collecting the stories he recorded A man walked down the country lane very often. He spoke aped poorly, taking English with other men. Then he walked along the same lane, shot from behind this time only to show that he came back - wise, right? Walk and talk for almost an hour. That's all that happened. OK, I will allow one long journey from the home of the main character to the Horsell Common impact site to show that it is a long distance from one place to another. (First year film students can tell the story more economical And creating a more beautiful sequence btw) but half a dozen? Go back and forth and others and others. Distinctive. One explanation for redundancy. Other than the overall art ineffectiveness is the desire to cut CG from amateurs. Thirty thirty minutes of work is something that can be presented as a long film. Finally, the fighting machine on Mars appears, and walking and speaking begin to work and talk or shout. Later, we were surprised and mourned as a dessert. <br /> <br /> Thank you. Most conversations were raised from the message of H.G. Wells'; Otherwise we don't know what happened But it is not the whole point of the cinema that will illuminate the message in order to know what words cannot be interpreted? If a movie relies on a dialogue or a monologue to tell us how we see or feel, why worry? Why not play radio? Orson Welles created a name for himself. However, Hines thought he was the filmmaker, so he was happy to say and swallow the meaning. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Hines can buy CG effects for His movie But he has no idea how to use it. Now, I am one without a sweet tooth that cannot be extinguished for eye candy. I believe that good science fiction movies do not need to have special effects. Some powerful sci-fi have almost no prosperity, but "The War of the Worlds" is a movie that requires basic effort. Something Wells tells the story that is hidden in what can be seen and heard and smelled. Effects do not need to be complicated. They can be crude. (Such as fighting equipment on a power line that runs along small roads as seen in George Pal / Byron Haskins 1953 model) but must manage well Unfortunately, the impact of Hines is both rough and incompetent ?? The tripod fights with machines that are higher than the spiers of the cathedral. Wander around, sounding like a pogo stick that bounces on linoleum. The squidoids on Mars, though being enslaved by gravity four times their original world The skeleton is full of flesh and muscle, and the screaming-horse is the same as the green vegetable while walking forward for ten times (occasionally turning left with the hope that we may not notice. ) And on the ad nausea Forgiving forgiveness techniques Do you have a CG light effect that is less than you believe? Never mind, we can fix it. Do not use too often and show only a glimpse. The woman's order that crunched looks like a plum that crushed, threw it away. It was not necessary. Do you think your Martian flyer looks like a toy on the line? If you have to use it forward But please don't show it twice! But not Hines doesn't listen to us. The worst thing to use again and again is to have 180 minutes. So, boy <br /> <br /> Next, we will perform. Whether in the role of speaking or paying just to die in the queue, everyone in this movie represents his little heart. Apparently Hines thought he was negotiating a price - fleeing in fear! You are shaking behind the tree. We have ideas that are consistent with this. You called struggling with pain? Nonsense, my grandmother can tweak better - but the actors as a whole and individually foul. They are not good amateurs. But this does not prove death Many good movies were created with rancid performances. That is what the directors have for And editors Which leads to another point? Who let Tim Hines fix this cheese factory? If America's butcher is proficient in cutting meat like Hines is like cutting a hamburger, your next one will be fingers and beef. Even though it took nearly three hours, there were things that were missing from this movie - not in order. But as a single frame, creating a frightening effect Perhaps Hines's intention was to simulate the effects of a hand-cranked film camera in 1890. If he was, I could say that he didn't know how to do it.
