I want to start by saying that I'm not an anime fan. (There are some notable exceptions) And in general I have a low opinion called Otaku because they love their particular cartoon brand. They labeled all the movies starring the characters with sharp hair, which are artworks, regardless of other important factors such as the story. And there is no anime movie that shows the division between Otaku and people with true taste better than this garbage. Fatal Fury: the Motion Picture <br /> <br /> seen through the eyes Of an otaku glass that has no flair A slight offense in Fatal Fury - with lots of Japanese-y humor, one-on-one duel, "breathtaking" moments, and everything is beautifully drawn, but others are closed by unpredictable plot. Predictable unpredictable characters The love scene is full of fun - the scene at Sulia "Healing" Terry is intended to be a gentle moment. But actually it is impossible not to be thrown into the laughing laughing laughing with its ludicrousness, and of course Fatal Fury is not a T&A-compulsive cartoon. With big breasts, and because Fatal Fury IS uses a video game series of the same name (Oh Boy), so we get an endless appearance by popular characters that are relevant. Little or no relation to any plot. Kim early, only for him to disappear from the movie completely. After that) the film's clutter reached its peak with the final battle that was not intended. In which every main character is involved with a powerful main villain in one-on-one battles That is what makes me always fun ... Even though the fighting in the animes at AREN does not occur in the competition, they often happen as if they were, regardless of the fact that it is not reasonable. br> /> <br /> Otaku often appreciates how anime movies should be treated as movies, compared to just the comics and annoying parts of those people. Like Fatal Fury Fatal Fury will be Is it better if it's not anime? The answer is important. "No" - All the charms of this movie are in real paintings. If Fatal Fury is not an anime, it should be suitable for the Mystery Science Theater 3000 episode. If the program is still aired That is the key - this is nothing more than a laughing B movie in the epic anime mask. If you're a fan of terrible movies, they entertain. Consider renting Fatal Fury (or looking at the sci-fi channel) because it's one of them. If you are otaku, please wake up and realize that 90% of what you are watching is garbage for others. Buy Dreamcast and Fatal Fury: Mark of the Wolves, but don't even consider watching this movie.
