Sometimes laughter in horror is a sign of its greatness. I remember the laughter from the audience in the launch of The Excorcist again ?? Really nervous laughter It shows how surprising we are when seeing Satan's voice coming out of a 12-year-old girl in the case of the 1972 Wicker Man's classic remake. It makes me think that this new Wickerman is scary enough. With the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, a friendly wild monster with Patrick Duffy's TV. For legs and celery stalks for arms, a favorite pastime is woven wicker baskets. <br /> <br / > 3 years ago, my friend One of Hollywood told me that he heard that Nicolas Cage is creating a new movie. I started laughing and my friend (Keith) was very angry with me that Nicholas Cage was a great actor. I do not think he can pull it out. Gone is reality, excellent original music, novelty, horror and powerful dialogue. But we have ancient ideas in horror movies that have been affected by the performances and changes in the stories that have caused shattered confidence. As with many countless Hollywood remakes that we have been recently flooded, this feels like we are watching 4th graders on the playground. "Play Wickerman" <br /> <br /> The original movie happened. In Scots Isle Island, police officers were lured to find a missing girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new rotation, the California police (Cage) was seduced to the shores of Washington State by his ex-girlfriend to find the missing daughter. She sent a photo and the daughter who disappeared looked like a young girl he tried to save from a recent fire. The mistake still haunted him, partly because the girl's body never met. Even after he received a letter with her photo there, the relationship was completely removed as he headed north alone to help his ex-girlfriend meet her daughter. He arrived to search for an island full of actors who pretended to be descendants of many Wiccans. It seems that they will not be contacted from the roles in The Village and like The Village shortly before you know it. That there is nothing to fear here Not even the cloudy blind sister who speaks simultaneously. <br /> <br /> I think the opportunity in Hollywood to make a lot of money in movies usually comes from the big expenses for art work I think someone like Nicolas Cage, who is in a lot of movies today, loses touch with the magic that the movie can do at the point where he has a personal chef in his candy preparation forces We want Wickerman's bad new creation. As we wanted another movie '9-11', I began to suspect that Nicolas changed his surname from Coppola because he wanted or because he pleaded to do so.
