Other people who have negative comments about the film have done a great analysis of why this movie looks so scary. I will not comment But this movie makes me very mad and especially writer / director So I had to throw my hat to join with the businessmen. <br /> <br /> I saw the original "Wicker Man" and loved the abundance of music, sensuality, religion, heretics in the modern world and theological conflict. This said, I am not a part of the crowd who thinks that excellent movies should not be done. For example, I liked the "Invasion of the Snatchers" in the 1950s, but also enjoyed the same rebuilding in 1978. Both films could stand on their own. Another example is the original "thing" is like a camp, compared to today's standards, very proud of the 1982 remake with Kurt Russell (my favorite horror movie of all time), so the little ones like "The "The Wicker Man" once again made me unable to accuse me of doing this nonsense, because it was something that had to be done again. <br /> <br /> This movie made me a sexist of Neil LaBute and the genre This woman's a woman. It also makes me wonder if the executives who want to make a thriller seriously will show products that are against women. There are many scenes where Kage was hit by a woman just because he was frustrated with them that hindered the investigation of the missing woman. He will respond like this outside the island. In other cases, the suspect is not prepared or not. The origin creates a society in which men and women are equally involved in religion according to the goddess. The threat to the main characters comes from everyone, both men and women. No sexual hierarchy. <br /> <br /> The parable of the bee drone and others is quite easy and convenient. ("The murmur must die!") Especially when Cage's character is allergic to bees. I have always wondered why men on the island do not fight and use their bodies to stop these women from treating them like a roar. These are not women with special supernatural powers, and half of them seem to be pregnant, the other half are obese and the remaining girls and skinny blonde women, so if men really want to escape They hate women. Have power over them It seems that there are no guns or weapons other than the cutting tools to keep if they are not happy. But if they are drones, why can't they speak? They can be used as a threat to the cage because they will protect the community. They are drones because Niallabut seems to believe that the society in which women are operated (This movie was created "The Stepford Wives" Who?) Classic symptoms from men who fear what will happen if women join * and are equal citizens. <br /> <br /> The problem with the female society that hates men is to watch movies that are not interesting and create unintended humor. When Cage starts to knock a woman out, I believe LaBute should let that society be equal. Inhibitions and uninhibited press and discomfort associated with children on the island, no one likes a pedophile or child is being sexually exploited. So how will the police respond if he sees pornographic acts by adults with children? There is a logical leap in reasoning that these children are abused. Therefore, it is urgent to create to help the missing children and ask. Help for all children, LaBute said that he created the topic of fiancee and daughter so that the character of Cage would be motivated to find. I don't think you want that. Abused children will cause adults to react to their lives. Of course, the irony would be that the "help" child cage eventually led him to death. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was planned and camped. The third scene is hilarious. The audience I agreed to guffawed (and shouted at the end) I just thought that this movie was wrong when the letter was written in fancy and all the events were cut to show that Cage was injured. how We don't want that. Just show him to come to the island to investigate the missing child Most of us in America see "Law & Order" and other judicial processes. We come into the movie as if we were Kage's partner to solve the mystery. <br /> <br /> That has a lot of potential. .. Wasted Neil LaBute, stick to talking head shots for people who enjoy playing English, riding your horse and flicking the type that is with your own company. Let the excitement for those who understand thrillers. This is your honey jar. I'll watch it.
