Now I'm sitting here, forcing me to finish this thing. I think I blew 6 bux on the VHS as well. I remember about 4 or 5 years before doing an internet search to find "The War of the Worlds", which was the cause of the rumors of Spielberg's film at that time, and I missed the old TV series from the early 1990s. The website made it into a classic book with a multi-million dollar budget. Perfect translation "The perfect CRAP is compatible with this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, the video in this movie was wrong! It looks like I'm watching Full Motion Video from the PC or video game Playstation CD-Rom of the mid-90s. Unfortunately, the color quality is similar. Performances performed by the classic Shatners "Paused". Look at the curse near Shakespearean in the quality of the CG rendering of the scenes. Scary and the green screen scene is worse than the old Dukes of Hazardd scene. <br /> <br /> Secondly, it's very slow and pulls out very well. I sat through the video for 45 minutes (no promotion at the beginning) before actually opening the cylinder to reveal the first alien. After that, the alien is an awesome CG created squid. Now I come in for an hour and most of the alien weapons I see are swirling silver disks. (Crappy down) next to a mechanical arm, the drama scene is killed by too many tools The last thing for the invasion of aliens during the turn of the 1900s, no one related their lives. It's like they don't have a concept. Although the media were slow, word of mouth spread quickly and people would know the best "illusion" of day and night. Just changing the color around people in purple, blue or green does not mean NIGHT TIME. Maybe the light and shooting at night will actually make the illusion much better. There are many lost scenes in the movie. Just watch "Hero", run around or walk down the ridiculous streets. Depends on the movie I know that people around you don't have to drill down. <br /> <br /> Now, in the end, one hour and five minutes in this movie, and they show off the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers. The human body that became a vapor looks like moving by a high school student, a computer app. Animation doesn't match the scene. <br /> <br /> If you want "The War of the Worlds", do one of the four things. 1) See the original 1953, 2) Watch the TV series. Early in the year 90, 3) Spielberg's waiting for Spielberg to be released soon or 4) Read frikkin. Avoid this film. It's a waste of your money.
