Usually when I write online movie reviews, it's one of three reasons. I found that there was something missing in a great movie. I felt the public perception of the movie before watching it was wrong for a number of reasons or I believe the purpose or message of the movie. want To clarify or explain with the help of other investigators, while all these reasons seem to be negative But I found that writing reviews that are nothing special except praise and words like "This is one of the best movies of all time!" It doesn't do anything. Its advantages and disadvantages and doesn't give the reason why the movie is so good, which should be the point that should be considered at first. When saying that, the War of the Worlds is nothing more than a hasty and incompetent attempt to grab money. Piglets are supporting nasty animal carcasses in a multi-million dollar advertising campaign of the same name directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD, expecting to have a summer movie and many other poor souls will buy it to find more content on the same topic. This movie is not "bad" until it becomes a joke or a beloved. But the audience will be incredibly disappointed at the point of being angry Now, with a lot of contempt, I give way to some arguments to warn those who are more fortunate. <br /> <br /> Judging from the cover and lack of publicity for this film (I I found the SAM club for 8 bucks). I think the actors will not have names and special effects. There will be nothing too exciting. Check out. This is not a big deal for me because I find a lot of budget and money. Can believe in the name of the big star and SE can reduce the good movie out I did not expect to be blown away by a wonderful conversation or movement score. check again. What I hope is a serious effort in the classic themes and scenes of Aliens / Fights in a few scenes. <br /> <br /> Now, according to the IMDb policy, the destroyer must announce in advance, no matter how small. So this is a fair warning The film was launched with a small talk that was not discussed, followed by a trip to the observatory to see the red spots. Seriously, it's a picture of a red dot in the tube. It is difficult to explain all the problems in depth. But at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of camera work that is shaky, the wedding scene and many walks start to make the audience feel uncomfortable. However, the costing is not surprising, and hopefully the pod will reveal something mysterious that will keep you going. In general, the next 30 minutes are as follows: One of the main characters went to one of the pods. At the pod and talk to another main character about watching the pod and it might be hot Both went back to the city. These walks do not have two seconds or more to allow interactions may be exchanged. They have twenty seconds or more and have just added a filler in a three-hour movie that is bloated. In a particularly cruel scene, the main character will be looking at the pod. He then shows the rhythm and pant. Then he looks at the pod. He then takes a minute to walk through the field to another city. Went into the building. Then he had a cup of coffee and said "Thank Mary" for the maid at random. He served coffee. He then placed the coffee and walked out of the building. He then walked a few minutes through the field and returned with the pod. I apologize for the sentence that must continue. severe But may be the best way to summarize all of this movie The characters speak too long about things. They walk a lot. Send others to walk. The camera fluctuates between high speed and slow speed. But for an unbelievable effect Incredibly bad editing People's actions have little reason. For example, when the teacher went to the farmer's house and said he wanted the farmer to let him ride in the town where the farmer stutters and stepped around when the professor said that there was a pod and the man could be locked inside the farmer locked him in Only the shed can see that the professor grabbed the pitchfork and opened a weak hangar at a later time. Of course, there was nothing that had happened in this scene as the professor ran into the main character later so that they could start the afternoon walk. The whole film feels as if someone is at a certain point. There is a good idea about making movies. But didn't know what to do I have seen improved high school video production. Finally, the special effects are laughing and do nothing to develop the story. I felt that the director wanted the film to become a classic cult of solid waste. However, it's terrible in terms of technique and in general it makes people crazy. Avoid this movie at all costs.
