Do you have to love opening a sequencer in "Seven Women for Satan"? During the introduction, there is a naked girl running through the forest, chased by a hunting dog and a friend who looks terrible on the horse until she falls off a cliff and separates her head on a rock. Then the camera zoomed out of the man's face and we noticed that he was just sitting behind the table while his secretary waited for him to sign the document. "Oh, I'm sorry. I'm lost in my opinion ??" from That he said! Cute. I stumbled upon another disgusting movie. Even if you understand only the minimum French language and look at the original name, you immediately know that "Seven Women for Satan" is not involved in Satan's sacrifice or ritual. But only revolves around the escape of colors In the wrong way and mentally unstable during his weekend in the countryside This is true, the unstable style in the classic game. "The most dangerous game" about the annoying hobby of hunting people. Especially the hot naked chicks - in the forest to play sports In fact, this is more than a classic change in 1932. As a writer / director / actor Michelle Lemoyne has an idea to connect his protagonist directly with the legendary villain of Leslie Banks in Count Zaroff should be the son of Count Zaroff, the original, but he exchanged his private island for a remote French countryside. He was no longer able to be unemployed, so he was an office clerk from Monday to Friday and a mad killer. During the weekend, Zaroff was really surprised to see hallucinations about dancing with women who had died. But actually he drove his car over the living person His butler had promised to prevent Sarafi from killing. But apparently he worked with a punch There is no depth of the screenplay and the collection doesn't appeal to the suspicious or scary atmosphere. The only really useful thing to do in this movie is to count the girls who tricked Zaroff's tricky trap and hoped that they would go seven quickly. Half of this film is a ridiculous and boring video, such as an exaggerated erotic dance, in which the statue turns into a black man, a muscle (???) and the other half of the Cycladic movie. most boring Every woman looks charming. I was impressed that Michel Lemoine's intention was to mimic his friend Jean Rollin and create a surprisingly exciting sexual excitement. "Seven Women for Satan" is inevitably a French production. This is also the star Jess Franco, Howard Howard Vernon ("The Awful Dr. Orloff", "Zombie Lake"). Lemoine also has the character of a mad killer. But not the ability to describe
