Must be very sad to join the daily newspaper while filming continues in the failure of this film May be the Exec Prod cruise ship. See what happened and let Towne take more advantage of the nude in the final round. Towne wants to compensate for the disaster he saw. (Maybe cruising may think of "Titanic"). Some items: Colin Farrell can't leave the paper bag. But he was one of the flavors of the decade, the beloved manufacturer and another was forced to avoid the embarrassment of watching him without joining his movie. He has a lot of moments that he doesn't believe in what he does and you can see in his eyes. I think he would be the best as an actor, even if he is not rich or famous like now. He plays banana second to be a powerful leader who can act. The trap of spending a lot of money for dress, period, apparel, cars and others and taking pictures as if they were just coming from a dry cleaning or car wash / wax. Because the production line designer was informed by the program producer to ensure that they didn't destroy the item because the company had to pay for the product that was being made <br /> <br /> This is a story about depression. Thirty people are not Broadway musicians of that era. How to do in black and white or better for Caleb Deschanel as your D.P. Let him reduce the intensity of the color during mixing to suggest dirt and rudeness sometimes. It should be a depressing story to live hopelessly, just as these people do in an economic downturn. More about Farrell Is there someone who believes that this man is a writer? H.L. Menen on the wall; Do I see his eyes roll in one spot? Hayek and Farrell are powerful sex partners? Send boys to work for men? Maybe in a book that I haven't read a story about an old woman and youth I can't drill down in the middle to the back of the movie because I bail fast. But the memories of the scenes that I saw made me think that someone was imitating no-comedy noir movies. What was the arrangement of Saturday Night Live in the past decade: not a joke (In my mind, I still think of the musical sketch and all of Guy Noir)
