Ned Kelly (Ledger) Criminals and infamous Australian legends The type of Robin Hood with a mixture of Billy the Kid, Australians like the myth that he stood against the oppression of the English elites and included the lower classes to change Australia forever. The fact that the lower classes at that time had about 70% of fugitive criminals seem to be swept around by this film. In fact, there are only a few people who call it `facts' in this film, which reflects that it is a little suspicious. <br /> <br /> I think the suspicious things should be motivated when in Credit opening period The movie is based on the book `Our Sunshine '. If ever seeing a romantic truth in a book title, it is like that. This is not an historical epic. But it is only a modification of one of Ned Kelly's suspicious myths, although it is a cruel and cruel periodic version. Unfortunately, Ned Kelly has nothing more than a Hallmark channel full of life. That story happened with an alarming rate. (Scary because there was never a movie that happened slowly!) The feeling of numbness after two hours of pure drift brought Wyatt's terrifying memories. Simple, nothing happened. In the movie But it took a long time This should be more pleasant if the performance is good. (Because the exact direction is not the heck). However, if you don't want to play a game that focuses on the worst Oirish accent, you will be disappointed During that game `Who has the most stupid mustache? ',' Clearly visible back stabbed! '(Clues they all are ginger for some reason) and `nature in Australia, including the lion 'It was an experience similar to flicking through Hallmark, The History Channel, Discovery Channel and a lot of neighbors while hangover. Yes, nature has sprung up a lot to add more time. (This may be an attempt to look at arty) This film shows a pointless wildlife picture, and when every native race is shown here is a circus to allow camels and lion (which is used during a fight to try Make us feel really sorry for the lion than the one who was killed. <br /> <br /> This is a piece of history that is creepy and emotionless, which should go straight to the TV. . Not a single word that I can say about this film even Rush excellent as usual, but still feel embarrassed here. When one of the characters commented that there were only two bullets left for him and his friends, I wanted the gun to blow the memory of this movie out of my head!
