I can't pass the message of this movie. It has been placed clearly beyond being overlooked and it is rude because it has lost all sense of what it is. I haven't read the novel. But Pollack's film was launched with a scene at the CIA organization - in front of New York, which was assassinated by two professionals, led by Max von Sidowe, who performed a half-dozen murderers. And understand The staff, including the female receptionist, the elderly, the skilled old woman who had a wig problem when he was shot with a machine gun (Is that funny?) And finally, Tina Chen, beautiful looking up from the photocopier Will be killed and speak valiantly "I will not scream," Fonsid responded sympathetically. "I know." These murders are unexpectedly brutal, uncontrollable by whatever we realize and are graphic. It's a brutal scene. <br /> <br /> There is no way that von Sidow and his followers can redeem. And that is what Paul Lac tried to do in the end. <br /> <br /> After killing these innocent good people, von DoDd switched aside. (Because the other party is willing to pay him) and kill the evil mastermind Behind the complex internal CIA plot Then the script transformed him into a perfectly rational and delicate human. "It is better to be in Europe. Things are not hurry" or whatever. I swear I won't do this Pollack wants us to believe that he is a murderer than a corrupt official. That is the message You should note it in case you forget. What kind of psychiatric disease do you have to change in general values, not to mention the common sense, upside down like that? I understand that there are adults who have no idea, like the United States government, even hated and those who see every conspiracy give explanations that drag the knee brace for events that cannot be explained. I know people who think that this method exists because I count some of them among my close friends. However, at some point, this hatred, if violence increases, must go through politics or ethics and go into the psychiatric empire. I don't believe for a moment that people who kill people for money are better than scary civil servants. I don't care about how gentle and cultured the killer is, or whether he knows how to access the Louvre on the subway. Anyone who claims that the message needs medicine or meditation. <br /> <br /> I want to confirm that the production is rotten like the message. But i can't Can do quite well (In some ways, worse because it caused the film to be fired less) Even New York City still took pictures on the screen. And it's been a long time since I think New York is a photographer. Robert Redford works admirable in projecting the first shot and the confusion of the characters. But after that became a semi-telecommunications genius And man, he looks good! His wardrobe is correct. Even his rimless glasses became his peacoat and not everyone could create a charming blue bean jacket. It seems that he is very handsome as well. I want to look like I want to wear a denim shirt and tie it with a beautiful dress. Faye Dunaway is okay in her role. But it is not convincing for the role Who would sleep enthusiastically with a man who had just kidnapped her and held a gun? Even if he looks like Redford? Will anyone be emotionally hurt? If when this suspicious relationship is over, Redford asks her not to tell anyone about what happened? Cliff Robertson is great. He performed well one or two times. Excellent postman The battle between him and Redford in the crowded apartment was elaborately designed and once we really didn't know how it would happen, the murderer. This is one of the roles. The last of John Housemann's shame. He is a magnet on the screen. And ending his life: a friend found that he had lost his way in the streets of New York in an area that was familiar with most of his life. <br /> <br /> Yes, the movie is very good. But I can't ignore the suspicious and paranoid messages I have the same problem with Leni Riefenstahl's "Triumph of the Will" or the Olympic documentary that the announcer is watching for a foot race, in which Jesse Owens is pulling the protagonist and saying badly. "This Negro is dangerous.
