It's hard for me to say because I like both "Target" and "Paper Moon" very much, but I think "The Last Picture show" is a fascinating movie. But indulge yourself too much. The main advantage of it, as far as I'm concerned, is taking amazing pictures. But for me, this film has nothing to do with the beauty of the surface. (And the hidden beauty at that time) the character is very difficult to be involved or interested Basically, you have a very slow rhythm and a natural acting style. But it is all that will make the story complete and predictable, along with all the jewelry we expect from every small town drama from cheating boys. His teacher's wife and disabled children that everyone chooses It's like "American Graffiti" without the joy of life. <br /> <br /> Some people may say that this movie is more realistic - today, many people seem to think that realism is the only virtue that Movies can be made. But for me, this film is quite a bit of pressure and I want to see again about the terrible things that I want to spend a couple of hours in a miserable city where the characters live. <br /> <br /> Maybe the movie This may really be of time - maybe if I saw it in 1971, I would be impressed by its novelty, just seeing some different things on the screen. But in general, I think I have never seen anything like this. Saying Godard is "breathless". Perhaps the obvious reference to classic movies would attract the attention of movies in me and help me look. Skip the weakness of this movie. But in the post-tarantino world that seems to be unique or special, <br /> <br /> It's interesting, even though he uses the movie in this movie to make his movie. More profound We saw 3 movies that I remember in the picture show. The first time we saw Vincente Minnelli's "Father of the Bride" - Liz Taylor's beautiful appearance is in contrast to Sonny's girlfriend and the environment of Minnelli's elite class middle class is in contrast to the "real life" environment of the characters in a manner The same later, clips from Howard Hawks's "Red River" emphasize the story of a broken friendship between the counselor and the guardian. It reminds me that Bogdanovich is kissing his own nanny as much as he does if I remember correctly by choosing the Hawks movie as part of his screen reverie with Boriska. Carlos in the "goal" I guess in 1971, this is a new story. But when looking at it today, it seems to be self-centered like in other remaining films. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to watch other movies with Hawks, Ford or Minnelli rather than giving movies. Bogdanovich reminds us why they stand out in an interesting way. Maybe he wants to remind us of the giant that time has passed - what he really does is remind us of how he and his fellow classmates are most closely related.
