I usually start by conveying the evidence of the movie. But before anyone makes a sudden decision about my review, let me go ahead by saying that I am a person who likes most movies. (Just checking my other reviews) Alone in the Dark is a movie directed by Uwe Boll, the previous film director, House of the Dead (2003). Like Alone in the Dark, it's a film adaptation of the video. game Almost everyone hates it. I like it a lot. I also give 10 out of 10! (Which will close some readers immediately) is if I hate one person in the dark, there must be something wrong with it. <br /> <br /> Location: I'll wheel anyone. Attempts to specify a place for This film is as easy as trying to balance the US budget. But here it will go on Some archaeologists have found evidence of a lost American Indian tribe. Clearly, the Indian tribes have discovered some methods of penetrating the "second world" which is evil in nature. Bad things, wipe them out. But not before they locked the door to the world of evil and left the key Later, some government scientists / researchers who experimented with the paranormal and especially this tribe decided to experiment with some children to try to produce some hybrids with the second world. (Believe it or not - everything has arrived at this point. Some people tell us in the introduction in writing in the movie - it's just a white message scrolling through the black screen with a voice rather than reading to us.) Then there is something. About the children in the orphanage But the government took them out. Then, a group of people were searching for ancient objects and had the most human trails around and there was a group of soldiers called and continued. <br /> <br /> Actually, the exhibition never stopped. Still, it's like an endless backstory from hell. There are enough ideas to fill at least 10 movies, maybe 25, but there is no one in that that is presented in a consistent manner to create a good movie. In addition to the lost Indians and super heroes, we also have strange creatures that cross between aliens and werewolves, worms that invade your body and become a snake-like alien. Evil scientists, underground caves, gold mines, haunted warehouses, museums idle impalements, mostly large-scale government conspiracy plans, golden trunks pulled out of the sea, exploding nuns, complex bombs, romantic backstabbing, unclear tubs Kitchen. Wait, can't I remember the last one in the movie? Surprisingly more than that (In a joke?) In Fangoria # 240, producer Shawn Williamson claims "We spend more time on meticulous things." Tara Reid is called Alone in the Dark. "A smarter movie." <br /> <br / > Don't let me get lost. Many of the above may sound interesting for this movie. But the problem is that there is nothing related to anything else at all. I often do not know what settings are associated with other settings, why we are there or what everyone is doing. (At least when each scene starts) It's just a random setting and repetitive words, as if director Uwe Boll had 250 irrelevant ideas in the hat and pulled them out like a lottery number. Then, when he finished, he and the editor Richard Schwadel decided to cut the film using dice, then reassemble it by throwing. I Ching Sometimes the movie plays like a director's reel. (Which is a combination of various short and irrelevant scenes that directors circulate to try to work) but maybe that is too kind I'm not sure if Boll will get a job if it's his hoist. <br /> <br /> Like I always like movies, I tend to like most actors and actors. It's very rare that I say that acting is not good. Tara Reid is terrible here - and I am a person who likes Reid. I don't know what happened. For large movies, they just moved her around the scene like a pole. They may just buy a bomb doll. That will help them save money, which they can use with ghosts and vampires cgi in castles and cemeteries. Sometimes they may choose to move her around like a piece of wood floating after they see her ridiculous dialogue in a single tone that is often reserved for the mother's entertainment. <br /> <br /> And talking about that conversation, Alone in the Dark plays a lot like Godzilla without Godzilla. Then I mean that it is. gobbledy-gook many deceived And the giant gnats with a radioactive beam <br /> <br /> Things that Stephen Dorfff and Christian Slater are doing here, in addition to doing too much and suing Prosecuting with their representatives is a matter Click to talk I can't say that I think everyone in this film has a good performance, although at least Slater might see a cigar. I thought it had never happened before for me. <br /> <br /> Still, I didn't give this movie. 1 There are some talented movies, although Boll and Schwadel made mincemeat and rock songs. The heavy ending credit is good. Heck, even the novel novel is not really bad. I think this movie has a contract at that time. But this may be the worst movie I've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.
