First of all, I would like to point out that this movie has absolutely nothing to see about Dutch folk tales about the ghost ship called THE FLYING DUTCHMAN. In this movie, you will not see a single ship. You won't see the crew, sailors, or exciting things from afar. It's not the story of a ghost ship and I hope they will be alerted on the main credit or I won't be watching it because I think it's a legendary movie. It seems that many people think that this film is related to the legend of the ghost ship, because the movie is named on the Wikipedia page for the legendary "Flying Dutchman" ... I do not understand why. It may be based on a similar myth called "The lost Jews"? Or maybe they might modify the worst part of the legend? The movie begins with a fight scene that will make everyone hope that this movie will have a fight scene. Unfortunately it was the only scene in the movie. If so, you'll see Daniel Emilfork (who used to be a Krank in City of Lost Children) for about two seconds and that will make everyone hope that this movie will have a good performance. Unfortunately he looks terrible in the movie. The only thing that can be said about Italian actors Nino Manfredi, one of the best actors in Italy, and who is blamed for being a crazy bird writer who doesn't have a retrospective story. The only thing is movies and boys. That movie needs intelligence ?! Other characters of the story seem to enjoy swimming in the stool, yelling, torturing others (in the stool), fornicating (in the stool) or putting in the stool for the fun of it. It seems to be fun that each character in his story has his or her eyes left in the stool at one point or another. Coming from a Dutch director, you might think that the grim and filth is shocking. It's a necessary element at the time. Elements that have contributed to the creation of the film by Paul Verhoeven, the Dutch filmmaker "Flesh + Blood" is a movie that Excellent. The idea of ​​"meat + blood" will make everyone hope that movies that are dirty and straightforward are good. Unfortunately and different from "meat + blood", there is not much progress. There is no fight, no good performances, and easy to say, not "meat and blood". The shooting is based on the opening sequence that performed well and should passionate This was stopped too early in the film, a song from Nicola Piovani ("La vità e bella" famous), repetitive and annoying when not related. (Sometimes it means that there is greatness in the sequence, while on the screen, the actors splash in the liquid droppings) throughout the first action of the film, which takes no less than an hour (!). Within the same boundary around the farm where the main characters live The characters that play with a lot of feces sink in there, playing in it. For a long time, passed through many ellipses so that the main character is a young boy who loves to play in the feces that will become elderly and play in more excretion. Bird people say a lot to say stupid things in Italy. Spanish conquerors speak French Nothing is reasonable. Everything is confusing and takes many hours to happen. Then there was a second act called "the boat" which we saw what could be a boat long ago. But now is still a ship (Am I talking about excretions?) The main character while walking away from the farm just happens to it and decides that it's really cool to be in it. The hunchback who had lived there before tried to kill him. But he doesn't really care because (I'm talking about?) He isn't very bright. He thought that the ship could guide and hope to continue sailing until the conqueror appeared again. (At least they seem to be conquerors because of Don Quixote style hats But as I said it was really confusing to who it was) the prisoner, along with the retarded hunchback, and they burned the boat to the ground The last part of this film, which is difficult to endure with the audience because it consists of more excretion with middle-aged farmers with more disabilities that struggle with it, happened in a crazy hospital. Still suffering and drowning more with feces Unfortunately, the director seems to have quit working for sure, or passed on to the second camera assistant to do the rest. In the end, a new "friend" challenged the Dutch to death. The woman he had sex with was the wife of his brother, beginning with an attempt to let him meet his son. The Dutch and his son talk. The film ends after two hours of dung and depraved performances and technical performances. Then, the credit and the audience were freed from having to watch the cruel movie without a plot that pretended to be exciting, like the legendary fantasy movie, while they had nothing. But is only a catalog of some movies They do not have enough financial power to fight instead or even horses.
