On the same night that I watched this, I also watched "Scary Movie 4" which caused double overlays. Unfortunately for these killer tomatoes, they couldn't stand a laughing riot which was a frightening franchise movie. While I struggle with boredom here, see the silly and stupid jokes that brutally and badly brutally dated. I mocked recently, making me laugh out loud. How can I wish more? Director John de Bello used the basic evidence that some growth hormones were wrong and turned tomatoes into murderers. But his main objective here is to slap around the cataclysmic movies that go back today. This script has a sense of humor at Stoner, and perhaps if you bring illegal substances to your movie tonight, it may be your cup of tea. I was unconscious. I watched a young adult like a tomato. And is a joke that has never been funny that the difference between Japanese speaking actors and voices here Some people can't laugh at me. They have Hitler's jokes that are not funny, and I think that all of Hitler's jokes are funny. <br /> <br /> The story of this movie is very different. (Without a good reason) is almost impossible to explain. Tomato kills people, the government tries to stop it, tells bad jokes. Their goals may be correct because their goals include media, consumer protection and paranoia. (The three things that still control our lives today) The main selling point of this film is unusual. And when they get this, they're playing by real tomatoes The trick that doesn't do anything for me when I go out to watch tomatoes eat my body with the magic of the camera stop trick. There is also a fear of stopping working here, which will prevent this film from being a real joke. The rules of having people fall asleep in almost every scene may make some viewers satisfied. But it should be an invitation to join. <br /> <br /> I might add that it looks like A man of old man's selfishness at work here Men eat tomatoes and that is dinner. Tomatoes eat humans and that is a global disaster. But that's just how the world works In this movie, it becomes evil due to genetic modification. But in the real world, our works (see: Taco Bell) become evil by neglect. And just like the evil green onions of the evil, the shelf life of this movie has expired a long time ago, with a good laugh that will have the final match. But nowhere near enough to save this atomic bomb I'm pretty sure there are good movies buried deep in this concept. But the script needs to be filtered out about a dozen, rewritten to go there, and by "Yes" I mean the level of "Scary Movie 4" ** 4/1
