In the event that you are a connoisseur of self-esteem, cult, film and / or bad movie creation, is there a point in life? Especially faster than later? You have to watch "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes". It's inevitable confidence because this is one of the most horrific cult movies ever created. However, one of the small details needed is "The killer tomato attack" is deliberately scary. From the opening message, mockery of Alfred Hitchcock's "The Birds" is clearly a parody that has no budget and I can't escape the impression that the author / director John Debe. The movie has never been expected before. This film is a popular trend of contemporary movies called "eco-horror" (plants, animals and nature that are generally anti-human) and suggest a less frightening vegetable type Best of course is not. The secret government agricultural program to produce large and tasty tomatoes is horribly wrong and soon there are reports of tomato attacks from all over the country. The president has joined a special forces team to fight the luscious enemies, including expert spies and very specific scientists, with a dubbed voice. The first half hour of "Attack of the Killer Tomatoes" is fun. As stupid as you see a normal vegetable, jumping from the sink and attacking the hysterical housewife is quite strange and funny. The first half of the hour also had many memorable moments, such as catchy songs, "jaws" and unexpected helicopter collapse. (See more details on non-critical matters) However, after that, all things became messy, boring, unstructured and unskilled. The level of quality of the jokes comes from freshness and creativity to the subject that is embarrassing and serious, not funny and has too many characters and subplots. Personally, I like the sequels of the late 80s and early 90s (which I saw before seeing the original) because they benefited from a slightly better production value, excellent tomato effects and appearances. The character of the professional actor John Astin, the family ") as a mad scientist, Dr. Kang Green, but as mentioned earlier, the original manuscript still describes things that have not been ordered at certain times of your life.
