Warning *** - This app has "The plot-breaker", but there is nothing to "spoil" this movie than it is already. It's really bad *** <br /> <br /> Before I start, I want to tell everyone that this is one of the incredibly bad movies that you fell in love with. If you are in a cheerful mood and want a laugh that is delicious, this is the movie for you. Now there are no more worries. My review: <br /> <br /> This movie is found in a trash bin at Wal-Mart. That should be the first clue how good the movie is. Secondly, it is the actor Dolph Lundgren, an action star. That should be the second clue about the goodness of the movie. I was still shocked that it was placed on the DVD. (Who will lose money doing that?) Even if you imagine that there are no free gifts or bonus videos on the DVD. In fact, there is no menu yet. The movie just started playing. <br /> <br /> First of all, the author for this film deserves torture and killing. It has one of the worst scripts ever written and filled with one terrible lineman; Incredibly incredible conversations And inappropriate comments (For example, Lee's opinion on Lundgren's manhood, which I will talk about later), there is no single sincere voice line in all movies. The conversation and the plot are going together, while the script and plot are progressing entirely in vain. Two policemen hate each other without a clear reason at first and then there is no reason again. Lee's character pulls to the side of the road, runs around the car and tells me Will not let you go alone 'Cause, even with me, I like you! And I don't want to see you being killed! Or something at that level, but in any way, there is one of the most disgusting liners said by Lee For example, when Duke and the bad guy Lee says `You have the right to remain silent. You have the right to die! 'Finally, I will talk about all the inappropriate and ridiculous comments that Lee made about the region's Lundgren region. When the villains began to attack after a random love scene between Lundgren and Carrere and Lundgren decided to fight with them in underwear Lee said to him: "In the case of death, I just want you to know that you have the greatest thing. Dick, I've seen men. 'Yes, he really said that. It was unreasonable and impossible. (Lee never saw Lundke, so how could he know?) But the author threw it into the script. The whole movie looks like an action video game and Lee accepts it. After Lee and Lundgren, who had only underwear, beat those bad guys, Lee also made a beautiful comment: `Wow, this is like a video game. We just beat the first wave! <br /> <br /> Two seconds, the story of this movie is disgusting. In my opinion, it suffers mainly from the fact that it does not exist. This movie trailer - where IMDb can be viewed in a way - makes it sound like this movie is two policemen trying to stop the Japanese yakuza from occupying Los Angeles. However, this is a very misunderstood story because the movie is not related to it. They briefly explain the ambiguity with Yakuza, who tried to start a methamphetamine business with local drug dealers. But the whole movie actually revolves around, trying to write low quality for Kenner (the character Lundgren) to take revenge on his parents. The chief Yakuza (Yoshida) was killed when he was only 9 years old. The whole story can be summarized as follows: Yoshida wants Kenner to die. Kenner wants Yoshida to die and the two try to kill each other. And of course while Dagner's best friend (Johnny's name and played by Brandon Lee) acts like a stupid idiot and Tia Carrere is naked twice. <br /> <br /> The performance is one of the worst parts of All movies The conversation is unrealistic and all of their insincere images focus on this matter even more. You are expecting performances from celebrities to be bad. But this movie shows the best performances that have never been seen before. <br /> <br /> Finally, we come to the heart of the film's cruelty. There are many surprisingly bad action scenes in this movie. But it was very impressive that they managed to match everyone, even though Lee had his bad scenes as well. For example, Lundgren spends four or five kung fu villains with one hand without sending out tea. Then, when surprised by the speeding car coming up, Lundgren jumped over it. Or how about when he arrived through the closed door, grab the other villain, pull him back through the door and dance him up? Or when he picked up Tia Carrere, walking lightly (not running), back through the glass door that flicked around him and jumped to one floor, where Tia remained in the arms to lift the whole car without Requires little effort And use it as an obstacle to protect them from bullets? All of the unscrupulous fighters were too bad, with Lundgren and Lee killing all the bad guys immediately, while the bullets from their fifty attackers didn't seem to attack them. Of course, that is until the final battle scenes of the movie. Lundgren was shot in a bare chest in the region, which, although it had lost his heart, would begin to fill the lungs with blood immediately and kill him within seconds. Despite this, Lundgren remained in excellent condition and tried to make it out in the middle of the parade with the evil villain Yoshida. And of course, the people who walked through the parade that wore a samurai costume were carrying a full sharp katana, both used in sword fighting. In addition to his gunshot wounds, Lundgren also received a piece of chest and arms. Will this stop him? Of course not! In fact, a few seconds later, after killing the evil Yoshida easily (Who was stuck with the wheel like a dart board and then rose into flames without a reason) Lundgren walked with Tia and Lee as if he didn't hurt. God is terrible. <br /> <br /> All of these factors are mixed with unnecessary nude scenes and are free of charge every five minutes, including nude women at parties, head wraps, women, naked women. Naked women striptease clubs at Japanese spa and hot tubs, pointless and love scenes with Tia. Not to mention traveling to a strange sushi bar where rich Japanese people are eating sushi from naked women. Which by way of warning Lee to speak with a lot of fake enthusiasm that after defeating the bad guys he and Lundgren will `go to eat fish outside those empty chicks! 'Of course, followed by five high-pitched noise And we could not forget the horrible correction, such as when the villain was crushing a man who was stuck in a car at the garbage yard and the editor left in the eye that was obvious The credit also contains a list of many stunt actors, which shows that many actions may not be done by the movie star in the end. <br /> <br /> In the end, this movie repeats itself even worse. Evil, it is unreasonable and impossible, and is a result of dramatic entertainment If you are looking for a cinema that is creative, this movie will make you want to die. If you are looking for a good laugh and a good time to make a bad movie, this movie will make you satisfied. As a true movie, I will make this movie 0.5 in 10 because of the fun way to waste an hour to eighteen minutes. However, this beauty requires a cake.
