Funny sounds that you might hear when you stare at the model. "The Classic of Journey to the Center of the World" by Jules Verne, the ultimate version of this, is that Vern spun in his grave. The only thing about the 80-minute opus that is related to "Travel to the center of the world" is the name, otherwise everything in this lackluster production is new and not worth watching. In fact, the director wrote at IMDb.COM here, which he directed only eight minutes of "Traveling to the center of the world" and the studio is stuck in the part of "Dollman", the assistant of Albert Pyun and Kathy Ireland. Obviously, the manufacturer had run out of money and in response to the contractual obligations in foreign countries, they promised Pyun's sequel to the film of director Rusty Lemorande. Please do not rent or buy horrible debris. <br /> <br /> Unlike director Henry Levin in the era "Journey to the Center of the World" (1959) with James Mason and Pat Boon, Lemorande's journey to the center of the world "Occurs in modern times in Hawaii. Two friends, a British mentor and a dog were brought together for the adventurous life of Richard (Paul Carafotes of "Blind Date") and his comic book Bryan (Ilan Mitchell-Smith of "Weird Science"). Departure to explore the heroine Crystina (Nicola Cowper from "Underworld"), working in the country named 'Nannies R Us'. Being a mentor is a lifelong dream of Crystina, but she has served all five mentors. However, Ms. Ms. Ferry (Lynda Marshall from "Africa Express") The people's sympathy, she sent her to Hawaii. New customer of Crystina Rock Star Billy Foul (Jeremy Crutchley from "Doomsday"), who is currently holding a final concert to revive his career. His flag has a foul dog named Bernard. Want Crystina to bring Berna. Crystina is waiting for a taxi to arrive when the negligent hotel staff wears a basket that hides Bernard in a Richard Jeep accidentally. Do you see that Foul has hidden his dog in the basket because the hotel management is prohibited from bringing pets into their area? The foul has disguised the dog as a human baby. However, Crystina catches a taxi and tells the driver to follow Richard. <br /> <br /> After she catches up with them to pick up her dog, the taxi driver goes out. And left her. Crystina demanded that Richard drive her back to the city. But he had other plans. Unfortunately, Crystina joined them and they lost their way and found themselves in the lost city of Atlantis, a police state ruled by a dictator at the center of the world. Atlantis's parents repeatedly informed their citizens that life on that surface didn't exist. Our heroes and heroines accidentally stumble upon Atlantis. Atlantis looks like a disco and everyone looks like they are straight out of the punk rock theater. Guardian of Atlantis, General Ricoff (Janet DuPissis "Operation Massacre Attack") is preparing to attack on the surface with the cloning of the first human. Wanda Saknussemm (Kathy Ireland's "Necessity") to visit Atlantis Predicted that General Rykov used the power of Atlantis and failed to overthrow the world and the heroes and heroines of our lives saved that day. <br /> <br /> "Getting to the center of the world" is a good thing. mind This movie seems to be a joke, despite the superficial words about the dictator. Albert Pyun is one of my favorite low-budget action directors. But he blasted it on the light of the science fiction novel
