Traveling to the heart of the world is the story of one of the Hawaiian tourists. There are three brothers and one of them being a mentor of an English child raising a dog. When the brothers accidentally drove a jeep with their biscuits, the nanny followed them. (It may be safer to buy more) to the cave where the brothers intend to explore (I guess). For some reason, they go into the cave. Except for the six-year-old sister that they told him to ask for help At the same time, the more they move in the cave, the more they will descend and go to the core of the world. And behold, here is where they found the city of Atlantis and the alien habitat that lived under the oppression of an alien who didn't want them to ask many questions about the outside world <br /> I saw that the director Rusty Lemorande commented on the film, which he explained that the second half of the film was a sequel. Alien in LA, whatever it is Is an amazingly cheap movie that I will rank a little higher than City Limits (1988 sci-fi movie made on a budget that does not exist) because at least the ending of most non-consecutive movies that cut corners At It is intended for humor and entertainment in the last 20 minutes when we see how life is in the alien world that is the center of the world. I rated two stars instead of one because it was sometimes funny, even though it was only minor details. For example, an alien asked the British girl whether she was an alien or not, and she explained that the ministry should send her work visa shortly. Or when an alien girl meets Brian and explains that he is in Altaitis and he has done this wrong with Atlantic City, New Jersey. Is such a small thing causing an idiot in the first hour? Tolerable Imagine how great this film would be if they had 1) really intended to create it and 2) have the money to do it <br /> <br /> I ultimately did this. Anyone wondering What happened to the little sister who was first sent to receive help? She just walked around the Hawaiian cave and not far from the explosive volcano.
