The movie is weak, not completely interesting, there is no any chemistry between Indiana Jones and the men from Black Hawk Downs. The driving scene continues to follow. They manage to change vehicles a few times. But always ends up at the tail of the baddies. The scene in which Hartnett grabs the family's car along with the crying children in the back is as stupid as possible. He is telling them about Eastern philosophy and the right way to die, which I imagine that the author thinks is funny or witty. It just came out like someone who has all the unbelievable and cruel morals. <br /> <br /> Some of the parts that were not explored even though they were used as fillers. Why did Hartnett get sick when he saw the body still ordered? Burger at the scene Why, and for what reason, the poor IA man was arrested by the blue? Why is the IA able to pick up a friend's police and just let them pick up their phone or act as an Indian intelligence and let them dance out there without slapping their wrists? For some reason, though, Ford is revealed to be cheating and fraud when acting as a broker. (He made the price when he tried to sell the manufacturer's house to increase his commission). They came back to him. so anyway! They know that they both lie! But they were there with the words that they said they would not give up. Stupid, just stupid. This is one of the police movies that they just shot on public roads, ignoring this world for those who don't know. Harpoon They were there just standing on the sidewalk, exploding while people were hiding. Surprisingly, they didn't hit alone after being fired for around 60 times each time. <br /> <br /> The writing of the script was terrible. The action sequence was boring. Just a very pathetic effort That would have us root for Ford and Hartnett. It failed miserably. And Ford's phone! Close the damn thing! How many times can you be loud in a 2 hour 50? 60 movie? It's frustrating by the midpoint of the movie! Every 30 seconds, silly customization will play! And if not Ford Hartett is louder! It's so annoying. <br /> <br /> Wasting time completely, Ford's worst movie from 6 days 7 nights, which is without a doubt the lowest point of his outstanding career.
