In fact, this movie made me feel very strongly that I signed up for an IMDb account just to warn people. It's great !! There is nothing reasonable in this movie. There are too many sub-methods for starting. Josh Hartnett's characters are actors and enthusiastic yoga instructors, including police who seem to live above his abilities and teach yoga to hot girls. (Some people waited naked in the jacuzzi when returning to work) adding to the fact that his father was killed by a ruthless policeman who was born in the current crime investigated by the victim's partner. Harrison Ford's character tried to sell the estate on the side and was sleeping with the ex-wife of an internal affairs investigator who had been in the psychic radio program which Ford's character calls. From time to time, NONSENSE !! <br /> <br /> I can't remember the character's name. (That is a forgotten way). So I'll call them Ford and Hartnett. <br /> <br /> There is a brutal dialogue. I mean what is cringe. Throw every ancient idea into this book. (There is a heart in the dark band during the day rather than a drink that the bartender knows his name; Both were investigated by internal affairs (why ??); hartnett faced his father's killer) and you had one hell of a mess. <br /> <br /> I mentioned the plot that was unusual. And there is no continuity: 1) when Ford's car is taken back, how the repo knows where to park? Do they follow him? 2) When Hartnett went to the morgue and it happened to have a single clue from the scene (the earrings) were modeled on the body there (lucky!) 3) when both were arrested and arrested for Questioning - Ford continues to answer his phone and Hartnett "Center" with a yoga posture on the table. Instead of picking up a phone from Ford, IA will wait for the ring to ring every time, then try to pull it out of the table before Ford does it. At the same time, the IA staff of the women with Hartnett are rubbing him all over. Then mysteriously both will be released without answering any questions. 4) During the chase of Hartnett's car, the car crashed and crashed around Hollywood, but suddenly the car returned to perfection. 5) When Ford chased the villain into the building and he entered the elevator, how did the hell know that the bad guy went down? 6) When the two were chasing the bad guys in Hart's car Nettford tried to close the sale of real estate! 7) Bad people are the most unbelievable recorders ever. What is his motivation to kill the rapper who wants on his label? They may leave his label and be warned to keep his other groups loyal, but hang on. He will sign a new contract with the business plan. How? 8) Why do IA men who are investigating Ford finally arrested? No explanation !! 9) And Hartnett uses his "performance" to capture the bad guys in the end. <br /> <br /> I can go on. I can really do it. Everyone who looks deeper in this movie than the action comedy movie must be examined because that's all it is. Nothing more! It shouldn't be sarcastic or ironic. It's just shit.
