Indeed, every aspect of the science fiction flick that has a low budget is under the category that is categorized for the previous model, model and model that must be followed. Bad special effects, weak storyline, ridiculous blood and blood volume, all annoying and pointless characters that you would expect "Attack of the Sabretooth" is about a new resort resort where the owner has genetically modified cats. Smilodon to attract attention The cat escaped and began to kill people. The show guy wanted to help them and did not warn unsuspecting visitors about them and there were a group of visitors and some employees who rebelled and planned to kill cats. <br /> < br /> This clever special technique is about the average success of the budget. The sabretooths are conveyed through poor CGI. However, it is surprising that cats look realistic in close-ups that are very detailed. Than images that are far better and far better than the CGI that conceals better Their attacks were merciless and disgusting. As you would expect, they attack, tearing their arms and legs left behind a bit. This is part of the reason that the film enters a bad schlock. <br /> <br /> The story and the characters are scary. We have college kids who come to the island and they plan a scavenger hunt. And get it very seriously Even violating private property, interfering with security and theft Why are they seriously playing simple games? Did I miss something? Is there any money involved? Or are they sent to do it? I don't know. I can hardly follow the movie. But I seem like they're doing it for fun in doing it Even so, they went far beyond normal. <br /> <br /> "Attack of the Sabretooth" is a terrible movie, even for sci-fi with a low budget. Flick is a terrible and cheap example. It will make most of the audience tears may be attractive for some people and will make you laugh and laugh all the way. And please note that this is not a funny movie, this is a horror movie, so cheap, so it shouldn't be funny
