Giant tiger, three giant sabretooth (.. created in the laboratory from Mitochondrial DNA, "genetic development" derived from fossil materials), is on rampant unintentionally, without costing through a series of events. (Eg computer virus Measures that make the resort's exotic shops closed during construction & security officers leave the door open while searching for missing pages from pornography that fly out in the wind) that threatens the lives of those who come in contact. The tiger is always hungry. But cannot digest food that can be eaten The tiger would rather tear the victim into small pieces. Victims include a group of college children (.. models, including German girls, jock and nerd technology), security officers and those who develop quite a lot of villains that we can insult and want a horrible death. <Br /> <br /> When launching a bad sci-fi channel, Sabretooth's attack has the most miserable simulation animal I've ever seen. And the final death sequence will be presented as rotting, so you will want within the deepest niches of your soul the time spent in this truly terrible exercise in the properties of animals There is a good black humor that arises from the head that is torn from the neck. But even this work was unbelievable. The artificial body parts and blood that are full of victims are asked to help and not accept anyone. I started to listen like a missing record, repeating myself in the comments of all the users I wrote for these sci-fi channels. I think maybe it's time to go to see other types of movies. Robert Carradine has played a role as a ruthless businessman by Nicholas Bell, his ex-brother-in-law, who was literally expelled for the first time, "Primal Park", a zoo / zoo that created tigers. Stacy Haiduk is still quite delicious as a security officer who tries to convince Bell to the investors he hopes to urge to put money in a multi-million dollar project to leave the island. Brian Wimmer is a Haidu lover. ck and his role is the work of a mechanic that runs smoothly. <br /> <br /> Bell's fate at the end, which is the result of a tooth out of a tiger statue. The sabretooth is a carradine hole. Spent a lot of time in the movie Belle, which was a nemesis of his arched door. The view of the tiger shows humans in bright colors when they move towards them. Finally, the film consists of characters that walk through the dark corridors (.. the virus of the powerless fool) worried about safety. Children in the college have made broken activities and entered some necessary items (. It is a scavenger hunt activity) to join the club / club. The actors playing with these children are not overly ancient.
