The movie begins with the manager (Nicholas Bell) giving the investor Robert Carradine to the Primal Park, the first mutant animal secret project using fossil DNA such as 'Jurassic Park' and some scientists resurrected one of the most terrifying hunters of nature: the tiger Sabretooth or Smilodon. Scientific ambitions became deadly and when high-voltage fences were opened From living creatures and beginning to brutally prey on victims - visitors, tourists, tourists and scientists, while some young people come in restricted areas The prehistoric creatures large and dangerous even greater. In addition, the security officer (Stacy Haiduk) and her friend (Brian Wimmer) fought the carnivorous Smilodons. Of course, the Sabretooths were real stars and they were very shocking, even though unbelievable. A cruel monster is tracing the victim and the group, running against each other and fighting with one of nature's most terrifying hunters. In addition, the third Sabretooth is still dangerous and slows the victim's rod. <br /> <br /> Movie Delivering products with a lot of blood and blood, such as cutting heads, raising hair, full of fear when the Sabretooths appear with moderate special effects. The stories provide exciting entertainment. Was exciting But it is quite boring, most giant animals are created by the computer and look totally disgusting, the performance is completely closed, even if the player reacts appropriately to being a food, who controls the physical performance fiercely Run, run, jump and jump over the wall And it contains a deadly final scene No for young children, with realistic attack scenes full of blood and violence. Other films about Sabretooths or Smilodon are as follows: ¨Sabretooth (2002) James by James R Hickox with Vanessa Angel, David Keith and John Rhys Davies and well over 10,000,000 BC (2006) by Roland Emmerich and Steven Strait, Cliff Curtis and Camilla Bell A film full of bloody events was directed by George Miller and without originality because it used too many elements from previous movies. Miller is an Australian director who works for television. (Giant waves travel to the center of the world and many more) and sometimes for movies. (Men from the Snowy River, Zeus and Roxanne, Robinson Crusoe) Points: Below average, bottom of the tank
