My rating of 3 times is not what I will give the Soviet version of this original movie. It looks like American-International. (Studio that specializes in low-fare fares in the 60s) bought this movie and completely destroyed it - slicing two hours combined with the movie into a 64-minute movie! In addition, 64 minutes are mostly new materials (such as "monsters"), so you know that the film is almost similar to the original. The original movie seems to be a fairly straightforward drama about the Soviet space conquest - although I'm not sure what it is at first! For in-depth information about the original movie, read Steven Nyland's review - it's very useful. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is the third Soviet sci-fi movie I've ever seen that Americans - overseas buy. already In addition to creating "new" movies - standard practices for companies that are willing to bring everything on the screen to create a buck - of course, it's not worth them more than the first buck !! This American film is about two superpowers of the rival world. (Not the United States and the Soviets) trying to be the first to arrive at Mars. "Bad people" tricky, tried but failed, and "good people" help one of the idiotic astronauts and then head to Mars. Unfortunately, they were temporarily trapped on Mars' moon, where they saw some monsters. (Added by American-International) that is really wonderful and resembles a part of the female anatomy Then they will be rescued. - Go back to the hero of the world. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that the movie is slain. For this reason, the Soviets have a reason to hate America! I was just shocked that the horrible work that I did with this film didn't convince them to refuse to sell more movies to these jerks! It's worth laughing. But the really bad moments that make you laugh are not that much. So this movie is stupid - not bad enough to make it a must-see for bad movies and should not be taken seriously. I like to watch this movie in its original form - it must be a picture
