The monster is a terrifying horror movie about an evil American concrete factory. (What's in Hollywood?) Water pollution in Chimayo, a small town in Colombia that creates animals like catfish, James Mitchum, Bill Travis, a man sent to Chimayo by the chief Barnes who made His illegal actions, which he himself could not reach out from the back of his secretary to the top, while Chimayo Bill had to fight with an annoying journalist who clearly conveyed the whole story In perfect English directly back to America. I guess that in the seventies there was a market for news from a small town in South America. There were also extremist names Sanchez that wanted to sabotage the factory to cause pollution in the water, which by the way still gave the city a job for villagers But why let the economics calmly come in the way of touching the enviro - Marxism. Pete, the head of the factory, receives the help of a monster unknowingly when he has sex with a former girlfriend on the beach telling her that he sees Mayor Juanita's daughter and it is between them and she immediately eats that night. Minor actions without evidence My hat closes you John Carradine brushed the actor as a priest who believed that the monster had been sent to punish sinners. You can see the insult he has for this movie in front of him. Probably filming, he ran to the local currency exchange to see if his check wasn't bounced. <br /> <br /> Realize from the real story, so they said twice to open the credit. Scary in all aspects The filming began in 1971 and was abandoned until eight years later when Kenneth Hartford put his feet on the monster's neck by adding his two annoying balls to a new character, even though Andrea's daughter was placed in the call. Collecting money with Mitchum and Carradine. The sound quality does not exist and most of the scenes look as if they were oiled on the camera before filming. This makes it more boring in many scenes at night. That monster laughed because it kept the ugly rubber head for the end of cancer. James Mitchum and his brother Chris proved that the narcissism in the display industry needed to be reduced. The wreck that cannot be fully watched Embarrassed by John Carradine
