In the hot summer season, who has a foul smell, such as snakes on the plane and the Da Vinci code, is a brave word. But I still can stand Superman returns, such as King Kong, 6 months earlier, were too long, overly lenient and CGI until my god's eyes. This thing was doing in my head. <br /> <br /> Richard Donner had an idea. that 'Make it true' for his 2-time outing and I will find his way to use the special effects and visibility to the best. Bryan Singer collapses us with many CGIs that will take you out of the story and remind you constantly that you are watching a blockbuster wannabe that thinks the only way to impress the audience is to use. $ 250 million) in the offensive visual effects that do not follow ads. We can see everything and get anywhere that CGI can take us. No atmosphere or participation in this matter And for movies that are 95% created from this shit ... you understand well. <br /> <br /> I read many reviews from critics, fans, boys, about movies with 'souls' or' Human heart 'or' moment of gentle character 'Puh rent! We have lamented the superheros screaming silently. 'You will love me if you know who I am.' Tens of times in the past year and SR has an offer that is nothing new in this story. Even the storyline is recyclable waste. Lex Luthor (Actor Kevin Spacey, an aggressive and insulting killer) plans to destroy the American continent in the first film! And ... that is you! It's amazing how they deal with this rubbish for 2.5 hours of pain! Although the actors would like it to be unbearable, Brandon Ruth has a character on the screen of a mahogany hat. Kate Bosworth is completely unbelievable as Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist James Marsden. 250% wood as usual and Kevin Spacey wants to shoot an agent Better decisions Only my favorite member is Parker Posey, who is cute, but I am a strange girl. <br /> <br /> Every year, this movie will be bigger and more lively. Recently, we will have $ 300 million worth of movies. Studios need to realize that they should start looking down instead of looking for For all the money that Warner used for this garbage dump for all the resources that this movie had to pay ... Is it worth it? In my opinion, of course not! This garbage makes me a Superman for life!
