First, let me comment on what I like about movies. Special effects are great and I hardly feel like watching a video game. That's the best thing I have to say about this movie. In fact, I want everyone reading this note that I can't even explain how difficult it is for me to write this review without swearing. <br /> <br /> I have a complaint. Countless counts about this movie But four important complaints that you think about My first major complaint about the wonder of "twisting the plan" (if you could call it because most people might see it being a mile away) that Lois's 5-year-old son became powerful Drive Superman's son When the crying child threw a piano at the Lexus' associates to help his mother, I almost got up and left the theater. The singer can create a better Superman movie without using cheap features like illegal children, but fragile but hidden in the 5-day power that I watched movies and I still want to vomit. > <br /> My next major complaint involves the fact that Superman raises a continent made from krypton into space. Did not bring the comic book from The Simpsons, pointing out that there is something wrong. I don't know how many comic books that Brian Singer read, but when Superman touches a small amount of kryptonite, he hardly has the power to stand up. Anyone who has the idea of ​​letting him fly a large island made from his greatest weakness into space has no business related to Superman-related projects. This idea is ridiculous, like creating a Dracula movie in which the character's name is involved in his heart and is still able to fly a spacecraft made from garlic to the sun. Why does Superman not eat Kryptonite? He can eat it and brush his teeth and go to sleep in the kryptonite pajamas. That is no longer nonsense. Let him lift the continent of krypton into space and without power through the atmosphere without burning when returning. Or splashing across the central garden when he hits the ground. <br /> <br /> My third major complaint about the fact that Singer hit the audience's movie with a face symbol. Religious movies I have a problem with his character, Superman, as the only son of Jor-el, like God sent to the world to be a savior. Jor-el is not smart. He's just a scientist. And he didn't send his son to the world to be a savior. He threw him in a rocket and quickly shot it into space because his world was about to explode. I will buy the comparison symbol of Christ if Bryan Singer can show me part of the Bible that God sent Christ to earth because heaven is about to explode and then the radioactive parts of heaven Became the main weakness of Christ Moreover, the scene "Crucifixion" in which Luther stabbed Man's side with a "spear" kryptonite, causing me to want to knock my face into a brick until I was dead until I saw a clear and inappropriate symbol that would be Drawing iron people for the near future They may change the name of the movie, "Superman Returns: Passion of the Christ". <br /> <br /> And when speaking about Luthor, my last major complaint about Lex Luthor's description of the fire singer. Nancy Luther is a sharp and intelligent business entrepreneur who tends to work for the president. (Which he did in cartoons) rather than trying to destroy the world The man needs money and power. He wants to take responsibility, not destroy everything. However, Luther we saw Superman return, like all the previous Superman movies, all were stupid people who performed strange dramas that happened with funny plans to destroy the world. If the singer is a little loyal to the character instead of the Superman movie, the previous story (Very bad) This movie may not be boring. Perhaps the singer's next project may be a Batman movie in which he focuses on Batman's interpretation of the TV program in 1960. ZAM! WHAP! <br /> <br /> In summary, I don't know if I hate. What's more, the movie itself or the fact that many people seem to give good reviews Everyone has the right to comment. But if you don't hate this movie, your opinion is wrong. I sincerely recommend to everyone who read this story, not to watch this movie if you haven't done it yet. Don't see it. Don't buy when it comes out on the DVD. Don't rent it ... In general, do not participate in donations. In any way, this film is not worthy of making money. In fact, I think for everyone who sees this movie, Brian Singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. If you are a Superman fan and you want to watch this movie, just bend down and let someone kick you in the ball and you will experience the same without having to spend 2 hours.
