Rebuilding is a great movie in every area. Most remakes become all garbage. But under the supervision of Alexandre Aja's ability, it became one of the best things ever done in terms of remembers and as far as mutants are subspecies of fear in step 2, directed by Another Martin Weisz and written by Jonathan and Wes's father and son, "I can't create a good horror movie to save my life anymore" Craven. And if this is an indication of the skills of Weisz and Craven. t We all live in a painful future because they are not only But it's as good as the first one But still failing to create entertainment at any level. <br /> <br /> We start with the birth of a mutant fairly fairly graphic. Which, although quite cool, will not prepare you for the upcoming garbage But hinted at what might happen in this movie Then we will see the crew of scientists that everyone has been introduced and sent by our radiation rejection. In the process that the main actors of our reserve troops save the day, this is the beginning of a major problem. <br /> <br /> From a very low performance (Yes, for this type of movie) to the scary characters until the lack of For the most part of the work, THHE 2 became a labor that had to watch because there was not much happening because the stupid soldiers made a mistake after only the mistake of meeting death. mutate Think that the Marines in the aliens are the opposite, and you have no idea how well these soldiers have been trained. This is the true shame of the movie, because most of the hill tribes do not receive the murder you want to see, such as in the first movie. In fact, if this does not have the attachment THHE 2 at first and Brief overview in This start is expected to be loose for the first time. This may be almost the original Sci-Fi Channel. <br /> <br /> Mountainbill mutated and not the same fun at this time, in fact, in many ways they Far more To our previous set while they all came out to be quite under design and uninteresting Another thing that is used with the cake is the Mutant that is similar to Sloth (you know Sloth from the Goonies) that helped them out. In Scene 3, I waited for him to ask Baby Ruth or start performing about Rocky Road Ice Cream. It's truly a shame, the only way to explain the most of the behavior here. <br /> <br /> Blood is in the movie. But not about the internal organs, as in reality, it seems to be mostly toned down In addition to the birth scene of mutant babies, there is nothing that stands out like the first time. Another important protest for this film So what works here, the answer is nothing at all. This feels like a sequel specifically designed to make money from the success of the first film and will not really make a movie "good". <br /> <br /> I can talk about punching. SGT. Radio people with barriers to speech (Correct, he is the type of person that I want radio to ask for help in real crisis) or a popular fighter who is similar to the same character as our "hero" in the first movie But I believe you, this movie is not in the same league or even the same planet as the first. It should get another name and be added on Saturday Night Line in the Sci-Fi channel. True shame as a stable sequel may occur. But it looks like another horror movie that puts the ball at almost every level and will get one of my lowest scores when I rate THHE 2 with the same grade: 2/10. Scary: Words can't be explained. That the movie is just how bad it is, contrary to its ancestors, in all areas without need and without attention Next time you, if you're going to do this terrible sequel Please do not go to support this junk at the cinema, save your money and thank me later !!!!
