This film is ridiculous and ridiculous. The most misunderstood version of "Hamlet" that goes to the screen. Branagh's approach to content can only be explained by vulgarity. To the length of the image of Ophelia in the jacket. Fortinbras's army appeared on the horizon (Looks like the pinnacle of "Monty Python and the Holy Grail") when the palace is protected from Francisco. Shakespeare's vocals that never existed before "ataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaack" before being shot down) and many star pendants that go back in the days of Jimmy Casini and Mary Pickford In an Edwardian environment But at the same time decided to use uncut text to allow the deep-rooted dialogue in Elizabeth's ideas to make no sense in the context in which it was being performed And Branagh did not worry about the delicate texture because of the vague nature of Hamlet and Olfilia's relationship, allowing viewers to see the vulgar sex scenes between couples who threw ambiguity through the window The stained glass <br /> <br /> Uncut text makes Branagh immerse in his favorite movie hobbies: Kenneth Branagh's videos. At that "Every time telling me" ends the first half of the nine hour hour movie. (At least it was a feeling) that tried to play the drama along the line of the wind. "I won't be hungry anymore." This may serve Branagh's ego, but it doesn't provide Shakespeare's service. Words: When I saw a movie in the theater, I leaned on my friend and persuaded. "A great moment with Mr. Hamlet" Branagh finally recorded the most fun and tasteless moment when he tried to make Olivier's movie and celebrate the death of Claudius in a fair manner by giving Hamlet the jump village. From the tower rising up on the king, plugging his sword, Branagh's Dane made in the king by clearly throwing a magical sword from all over the palace to flow through the heart of Claudius with the eyes of the cow. Spore Hero The only thing that saved us from an extremely distressing moment was that it was funny. <br /> <br /> While the film was praised in some quarters as a serious tragedy In fact, there is nothing except the performance of a talented filmmaker once possessed by his narcissism. The emperor had no clothes and this village had nothing to do with the unintended laughter and shocking images of a man's uncontrollable ego.
