Okay, don't confuse it here. If this is a sequel to the original classic horror remake, does that mean that it will automatically be a sequel to the original horror classic? This is a hope that is not a general rule, as the sequel of Wes Craven's sequel to "The Hills have Eyes" traditional? Launched somewhere in the mid-80s? Is one of the worst and repetitive horror movies ever created The second part does not have a real plot and a video that is used only from the original to take advantage of the success of a truly scary and terrifying location. Craven wants us to believe that even dogs are still experiencing events. And the painful memories while Carter's faithful German Shepard family once again experienced his bloody battle with one of the top mountains Nin There are a few alarming signs that tell us that this sequel will be a terrible failure as well. Remake out a few years ago and is this the sequel to this episode? The incredible speed of releasing it correctly requires you to question the quality of the script. They don't need a little more time if they want to make a horrible, scary and annoying movie? With his superb film, Alexandre Aja almost changed the general opinion about creating horror alone, as he had the courage and intelligence to change the necessary elements in the plot and increase the blood. More annoying than anyone else. In addition, Aja is also a very talented director and makes himself noticed by the classic French sentiment. "High Te nsion "But who is the new director? Aja's movie "The Hills Have Eyes" is an unexpected hit, popular with horror fans, both experienced and older, including younger and more enthusiastic target groups. It's a really good movie, and even if there are sequels and new clones that will be inevitable. But it is unlikely that one of them will have an astounding quality level of Aja's superb attack. Regardless of this in mind, including the relatively large personal suspicion, I have to accept the sequel to this hasty reality. Not as scary as expected Recurring movie and animal horror, lamenting, introducing a large number of characters, with only a few characters or without a spine, and showing how they were killed by those who look obnoxious. After the incident in the first film, the US Army set up a camp in the middle of the New Mexico desert to investigate the impact of nuclear tests that took place in the 50's and 60's for the horrific mutant survivors of the miners community that was there. During the radioactivity test, scientists and researchers began to taste delicious until the main incompetent military arrived. truck They should leave food and supplies. But met with the highest military training when faced with a non-stop planet that lived in the rest of the mine. <br /> <br /> This is just another number. Strongly slapped with a dumb character that, even after losing many friends, is still stupid enough to separate himself from the group and act like a simple target to kill. It's also very easy to point out that The person who will make this adventure lively, especially when one soldier is fighting against all sorts of violence and another stares at the cute 3-year-old son's video. she must "The hills have two eyes" completely absent ?? As expected ?? Initiative, logic and possible situations The mutant diggers were not as scary as their colleagues in the first place, mostly because they were not organized at this time and only behaved like a monster, drooling and hungry for sex. Because you are not interested in GIs, playing Joe "Hero" and of course not feeling sympathetic to the eyes in the mountains, this movie is less interesting and more relevant than the previous year. In particular, this second film is not as intense and bloody as the first episode! The sequels often compensate for the lack of suspicion and there is no surprise twist with extra bloodshed and more graphic killing sequences. But the actions in this sequel are quite tame when compared to the patient image in the previous sector. There are a number of scenes that will satisfy the bloodthirsty horror craze? Mostly showing soldiers falling from a cliff or being shot by their own guns ?? But sadly, there is no outrageous ax battle or shameful attack on dogs. What is the issue of the sequel if it fails beyond the original level of maneuverability and / or dirty values? Fortunately, this film has never been boring or unnecessarily emotional, and you will have the most fun to see everything that doesn't make sense! For example, a purse fell out of the head with a blood flow of people. Women who had no muscle power were tough soldiers and ?? My personal favorites ?? Assigning ONE soldiers who are capable of speaking can use radio communications.
