Last year's remake of 'The Hills Have Eyes' was one of the better attempts to update the horror movie that had been breached in the 1970s. For new audiences, Alexandre Aja was allowed to develop. Drama at an admirable level, and when violence begins, it means cruelty and all this is done in the landscape of photography and production design. I am one of the few people who think that it is actually better than the real thing and waiting for the second visit in the dark and cruel world of mutant desert desolation. <br /> <br /> 'The hills He has 2 eyes. "Released only one year after the manuscript seems to be a hasty and bad attempt to pay the franchise with little thought about quality. Jonathan Kraven's screenplay can be written over the weekend and at the speed that this movie makes as a movie may be It goes back to all types of ancient ideas in this book, while there is nothing new for the legend of mutant humans in the desert. I often expressed disappointment when the sequel replaced the civilian character with the army. Soldiers are often lazy to write and do not fail to bore the rude caricature. In my opinion, 'Aliens' is the only film that has succeeded in making changes due to James Cameron's ability to not only direct the best action scenes. But never forget that the audience must pay attention to those killed He is also truly assisted by some talented actors with 'The Hills have Eyes 2'. It is clear that the video director Martin Weisz is not James Cameron and the actor from the television drama a bit not capable or Even the passion to transform their cutout characters into anything. Humans. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, all the characters are ancient and wide. They act in stupid and unreasonable ways, making silly and unreasonable decisions that lead them to death, dumb and irrational. In the second half of the film became another situation to watch, 'The Descent' (which Sam McClair accidentally acted as a movie) proving that even though most of these sequences can still be performed Traditional initiatives and doubts But we do not see this innovation. <br /> <br 'The Hills Have Eyes 2' is just a lazy film without worrying about tension or surprise. There is no single person involved in the distance, interested in producing quality things. It is a tedious and exhausting excuse for the sequel and deserves to spend the rest of his life in Blockbuster's bargain bin.
