'The Hills Eyes II', one of the most ridiculous and ridiculous sequels that will take place at one time, is 90 minutes of the best incompetent movie creation. Or worst, however, you choose to watch While the movie 'Hills' in 2006 was one of the most horrifying horror films of this year, the sequel to the film sparked out what made this film successful. 2, never get up from the ground and there is no numbing talk The worst thing is that it's not that scary. <br /> <br /> The remake of 2006 followed by a family that found themselves in the desert of New Mexico deserted and chosen by the Hikaru people. Elden and Sadistic People who are the result of the military testing of the atomic bombs in their land many years ago have become who they are. Survive from travelers traveling in the region The sequel has made viewers in the same desert now occupied by soldiers as they explore the hills secretly and what might happen to poor families. When a group of trained soldiers were brought to the camp, they found that it had been abandoned without a trace of life. The frightening truth happened soon, they realized that they were not alone. And the bloody fate that has been passed on to many people before them will soon become their fate. <br /> <br /> Don't use genius to realize that 'Hills' has no reason. righteous But since last year's remake received a good response both at the box office and from critics, it is no surprise that the sequel will be produced while still having money. At this time, there is no touching or just any reason, just an unbelievable and ridiculous setting to pave the way for the mindless, murderous, non-existent and flowing character. Initially, director Alexander Aja created the classic cult of Craven as a remake that was a unique and thoroughly disturbing experience. People who cross the line more than once fearlessly Straightforward performances of violence, sadistic torture, all round features and suspicions with white knuckles are used effectively to shock and expel the audience. The second time it was repeated by hand. No style, no gravel It tries to create tension by separating the body when everything is created to do that kind of movie, which even the blood seems to be tame compared to the latest bloodbaths. <br /> <br /> It's a story. Sadly The situation of the country when the mutation is deformed, which captures women for breeding purposes, fails to maintain. It's boring. Nothing more. 'Hills' doesn't have a bite, even with a jump or two here, and there is nothing very scary about the horror flick by numbers. It feels like something you see in a sci-fi niche only with F-bombs, blood splashed here and there, rape and the scene of scary graphics that are even more scary than it is. Get what you sew You can't expect a return. <br /> <br /> Replacing Aja and Martin Weisz as the director is the first big mistake of this movie. What he does is to drain the emotions. Emotional But what is even more shocking is that the script was never bad before by Wes Craven and his son Jonathan Craven. You ask how bad it might be? This is a dialogue that makes comparisons seem like Shakespeare Craven has his fair share of the past. But I never expected anything like this from him. It's funny, unintentionally. Do you have to wonder? Is Craven playing this story? Or did he leave his son after the studio paid him? The character of this film is a one-dimensional head that doesn't have emotions or common sense. The performance is not as good as this. The only character to win you is Napoleon 'Napoli', a little boy who doesn't match with others. Even the crazy villains and instincts that we may encounter in our deepest thoughts last year met with people who are not interested. You don't hate them. You don't like them. You can't care less Like this movie, <br /> <br /> Even if you are shaken by fear during 'The Hills Have Eyes', as I am, you will have a hard time finding something fun in the garbage. This is a general matter that has been received and there is nothing here that we have not seen many times. I can't express myself enough. Avoid 'The Hills Have Eyes II' like an epidemic. It's not scary, not original, frantic and bored. Follow Craven's original vision or create a new one Because if you do not walk away after the first thirty minutes, do not say I do not warn you
