I saw this movie at the launch and watched 3 or 4 more times, including last week. I regret that I have to disagree with the performance of Mr Branagh. <br /> <br /> This is a movie that is really elegant and elegant. There is nothing more ambitious than 4 hours - taken and designed beautifully. Derek Jacobi, Julie Christie, Kate Winslet, Richard Briers and many others work well. Then there is Kenneth Branagh. If ever there is a vanity project for actors, this is this and Mr Branagh did nothing at all. Place "ham" in the hamlet from These casting (Which gives us the worst performance ever experienced by conquering Jack Lemmon) until diverting the attention of a business that threw the feeling of "nature" into his own performance The most famous in all literature to scream every line of others. His performance confirms that while he may be able to meet well on the stage that is more necessary But he had never been a great movie actor before Budget scenery can be charged with catering. Mr. Branagh eats it a lot. His performance is a perfect example of why people do not go to see Shakespeare - "full of voice and anger shows nothing" and if There is a guilt in his direction: he keeps the camera firmly in his performance. <br /> <br /> Whatever the theory that people will post on the poet is after all being said and Finished the playwright His ability to play remains in the fact that his theme is universal and timeless. Although there is no "right" way to play his plays But with the best performances, good performances and bad performances Shakespeare himself gave advice to players in the text of "Hamlet". It surprised me that Branagh "said" but didn't hear it. It is an example of spending too much time finding ways to say something and finding words that he speaks too little. <br /> <br /> While Mr. Branagh did an excellent job in Production of some entertainment programs He would be wise to be behind the camera and allow those who know performing arts to practice. His direction is always better than his performance. I also gave him great credit for reviving the interest in Shakespeare's filming. He set up a great template for other production, and it was interesting to see him on stage from the back of about 20 rows, but I hope he chooses to direct more and make himself less. <br /> < br /> Is it worth it to see for sure? There are many little pleasures to be found in this film. But it is a long and long film, and at the end there may be less feelings than they are more happy to survive
