I think the whole interior is what makes Munchies a classic cult. I thought it was terrible even though it was a ridiculous story and the nature of the character. But it may be a better movie (And more fun) Perhaps what they want is a real budget. <br /> <br /> Munchies, as many viewers point out, are parody of Gremlins, so all references to the movie The film starts somewhere in Peru during excavation. An annoying partner named Paul, a comedian standing without quarrel or jokes in this film, despite his career plans, his father is in the cave. His father was an unconventional archaeologist, searching for caves, not fake or mummies, or anything but proof of UFOs, and that is the source of the Munchies hidden in the rift of the rock, a ugly little mutant That looks like a rubber doll that is spinning with the gizmo. They named him Arnold, kept in the bag and brought him home so that Paul's father could show evidence of biology <br /> <br /> Paul, an idiot he is, stops his father's contract. See Arnold (the gambling he made with his father if he loses it. Of a community college to receive a 'real' career) (Harvey Corman television veteran) wondering what his neighbors are doing. So he and his lazy son, some kind of an airhead hippie (which looks like they should make his character a biker or heavy metal enthusiast) to go and snatch Arnold. Why? Get a quick form of a variety of courses. And of course, even Cecil's son was too stupid to take care of Arnold. And after poking and poking a few of them at Arnold, he doubled into more Munchies. <br /> <br /> This is not a terrible movie. It's good. It was really scary. I hope that the Munchies will mutate and kill people who are often behind them. Even Paul and his girlfriend, at least it's one way to get rid of all the bad performances in this movie that caused the movie. No need to mention the bad special techniques that look like hand puppets. And very bad writing - it's not funny even the small police that can make you feel abused in front of you As I said to Munchies, if they get a better budget and better performers, they may be able to mimic good parodies through
