Munchies start in the darkest Peru. (Looks like a dirty road for me) where archaeologist Simon Watterman (Harvey Korman) and his son Paul (Charles Stratton) are traveling. Simon thinks that the ancient Aztec building is a spacecraft control center in reality. Will prove that the aliens had visited the world while that structure as soon as he discovered a strange small creature he had stuck in a backpack He went to the small town of Sweetwater in California. Simon felt that the creature was the evidence he was looking for. For some reason, unexplained, decided to leave the house while he shared his discovery. Simon asked Paul and his wife Cindy (Nadine Van der Velde) Take care of it. At the same time, the brother of Simon and fast food business Cecil Watterman. (Harvey Corman again) steals life, so his brother won't make money from it at all. But Jon Jon Stafford, but each piece returned to a separate little creature that caused great damage among the townspeople ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Bettina Hirsch, this story must be one of the worst horror movies. Worst. Lance Smith's script was not painful. It was very painful. Every joke in the Munchies misses the goal by Miles Proverbs. I wonder if the humor in this nonsense will attract the attention of pre-teens. There's nothing to be funny or far from in the Munchies as far as I'm concerned. The basic story is also interesting. They just found that this creature ran around without explaining what it was. Why no one had seen it before, how quickly it managed to learn English. The whole thing is the big Gremlins (1984) tearing off without the elements that make this movie very good The character is mentally retarded, Charlie Phillips and his father (Hardy Rawls). Cecil wore infamous wigs and fake mustache and wife Melvis (Alix Elias) and other wives. Shame and ridiculous. I challenge anyone to find this rubbish of rubbish. In general, the Munchies fail surprisingly to be funny or horror actors and end up, yes, you can guess. Shit <br /> <br /> Director Hirsch clearly works with the budget. Low here & it shows Occurs in two houses, a desert, a cave and a small golf course This is a really cheap and incompetent movie. The special effects of Munchies are really scary. A doll that does not move unless someone pulls the camera attached to its arm. I can't emphasize the terrible consequences these things won't convince my 4-year-old grandson (proven by me and him yesterday!). This movie is terrible. <br /> <br /> On the way This movie technique is terrible, bad technique, bad design, lame production, garbage collection and it's nonsense The show was rotten and passed from the police to Corman, who had two roles, both of which proved that he could not perform. & Not funny. <br /> <br /> Munchies are really bad movies that fail at all. subject That it tries to achieve, be sure to watch if you want me to not stop you But just say you don't warn! My advice is to see the Gremlins again instead, but the decision is yours!
