Most will agree that Wolverine's character is one of the most interesting characters in comic book history. I'm not a Marvel expert. But I grew up with the adventures of X-Men and was definitely approved by the current well-known movie of Hugh Jackman. I like the first X-Men, finding that the sequels are too heavy and too busy. And like the third sector as entertainment in comic books From these three films, I might like Jackman more than anything else. I think the idea of ​​creating "Origins" - a movie about Wolverine may be a better movie than the three X-Men movies. If we focus on one character, I can think that there may be a successful movie in which I find that the second movie failed. That is the adventure in a comic book that is quite complex and has a character. Sophisticated <br /> <br /> The reason Wolverine - the film's failure is not due to the intense competition after The Dark Knight, not because of the plot development that is too clear and ground. Tha - though it's certainly not bad - not because the film does not seem to have a try. Beginning with this thing, do not qualify as good entertainment. There is something about the action in this movie that comes out automatically a lot. There are no suspicious effects or elements, and when one event will make you predict the following five events, it almost feels like a movie. Uwe Boll mimics the action / adventure concept of movies you've seen many. time Of course, there is nothing in this movie that is seriously scary like a piece of bolls. ** But when everyone talks about repetitive words as if they were part of a standard event, you at least made a connection and of course. <br /> <br /> But there is a bigger problem. Even general action movies are general action movies and by means of allowing you to forgive the plot holes and the stupidity of many characters. I think you found the most basic flaws in the name. I really mean "origin"? What was the person behind the movie thinking about that title? What do they mean ?? Do you want to know the origin of Wolverine? He grew up with his brother. They escaped from the house in an amazing situation. Then they went out to the whole war! Civil War, World War I and II and Vietnam as well Why do they do this? Not yet known. Brother (Sabertooth, played by Liev Shrieber), became a wicked person. "How?" You ask. I don't know. It's somewhere between Omaha Beach and Hanoi. "Yes, but why?" You asked. I just said I didn't know. The film does not explain He's okay! "Yes, but ... you know 'the origin'" ... Yes, that's the origin! I mean! However, they eventually ended up with the top-secret team of elite mutant soldiers. Something with enough Wolvie government and releasing his brother. For six years he was a happy logger with loved ones, which ended at a slight defense during the time Sabretooth appeared again. "Yes ... but ... Why must" - Oh shut up. ! - and Wolvie decided to be a guinneapig for a group of evil scientists that turned him into a metal warrior-covered animal He followed all the villains and they came after him and after all the fighting he ended up with his memory wiping the X-Men movie's first movie. <br /> <br /> There is a point. Begin You can search on the back of the DVD. The real movie won't tell you anything again. No action scenes, worthwhile, no heroes, bad guys or good characters in general. (Line from the audience of my bed: fat suit! Black guy token! I give 200 money if the woman is a gimmick ...? Mmhm right ... uh-huh right) is not a memorable conversation, one line and zero line to close the t-shirt with add to the stupid things that destroy Reliable in General that you often forgive ... Well, that sounds like a waste of time, right? Fans will examine this or already have no stops, but if you like X-Men movies for other reasons than they do well and have fun - watch them again and do yourself a favor by trying to find the origin. have nothing
