Milking the cash cow General Super Hero Flick CGin Hood's CGI Showcase "Combinatoric iteration series of improbable events" of mutated fighting scenes that occur by irrational expression causing formation / decay. Of an arbitrary alliance I didn't expect Shakespeare to be here. But the old idea per minute was turned off. Charts: screaming first while looking up at the sky and kneeling with the murdered girlfriend. Renegade military commander Guessing across pairs Revenge, find a lover who is slain, erase memories, evil characters, discover the virtues at the last minute. Misunderstood failure to run nemeses after defeating them at close range. People don't really die. The lover acts as a spy for the nemesis of the girlfriend / spy. Falling in truth for the protagonist. Good people work for the enemy to help the kidnapped family members. The evil mastermind failed to honor the promise to let the staff hesitate. Please the old couple take care of the hero who is tired and killed because of their problems. Some people died while the third person arrived at the scene before the coup. Hero joined the government's secret unit reluctantly. Abandoning the elite group to protest the killing of innocent people Scientists are unable to control the destructive killing machines in their own creation. The 'secret weapon' that is outdated but cute by the government, killing the successors that are well designed without heart. And lit the oil behind him After everyone gave up, the flatline heart monitor will pulse. The evil mastermind explains the plan to become a hero that he no longer sees as a threat. The hero refuses to kill the enemy that is defeated because he "is better." The comic relief character is clear, making jokes and expressing unusual opinions. A psychologist who is cheerful in the rampage of random killings Goliath that cannot be destroyed is near throwing one another through walls and other physical stimuli that will kill only one human. Humans sent dozens of guns to wield the enemy without anything except fencing. Common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry are temporarily abandoned. Enemies use a murder that is affectionate as an excuse for a misunderstood crusade. <br /> <br /> I can continue. If you are over twelve years old and do not live in the basement of your mother, there is nothing for you. The sad thing is that it's not too far away for a superhero movie, so reduce everything I write if you don't get enough music.
