Official - Hou Hsiao-Hsien has no idea of ​​his small head. Do you wonder why he chose Shu Qi as his heart? <br /> <br /> Shu (or Qi) Does not appear in this But we turned into Yo Hitoto, which appears to be a pop star in Japan, judging from her music. At the end, she is a pop star like a girl who serves you at Rockin 'Curry, "a actriss" - And Tadanobu, which is wasted, Asano is often an indicator of the quality that needs to be done here. But standing around and looks like an Asian hipster who is mumbling and too old to manage. <br /> <br /> The philosophy of Hou, life is something that is forgotten, nothing big, feeling and moving forward. I want to do that But Ho did not make us feel anything in Cafe Lumiere, in addition to writing an essay about life in Tokyo Circa 2003 and the horrifying observations that people are sailing through at night, not making that train pass. Each day that has never been connected to each other reaches its own destination, usually different from a dark tunnel or may be a bridge. If they are lucky, Yikes Flowers of Shanghai is one of the most rare movies that are technically successful. And fascinating forever The same director who created the opening shot of the film, which has about twelve actors, talks with a machine gun speed for about ten minutes straight - directing the impossible song - trapping this story. Movies in a row now? Millennium Mambo may have died But at least there were two great shots, a shot that hinted at Hou's true calling as the equivalent of Odilon Redon: those shots were sex scenes with flashing lights, rhythmic beats. Down the blue corridor His master's degree While the Cafe Lumiere seems to be removing two great pictures from Millennium Mambo to be more consistent. You are the judge. If that sounds interesting, <br /> <br /> You don't need to adjust it. - You can't customize the forgotten idea more than the flower of Shanghai. He wanted to expand to the outside to release the inner actors and the revitalizer that was smuggled unreasonably about simple ancient ideas. It's time for him to remake Akira's life or something like that. This type of art film that the actors should be real because they are held in a long-term and will speak in one syllable. Now, every last bit is safe, slum and still like the action movie Hollywood. (What is the connection between the "truth" and the person who cannot speak? It seems that people "In real life" never stopped provoking) then again when considering that only one year 2005 brought a large movie with a wide range of budgets. Thoughts like Ion Flux Island and King Kong are now safe to say that even Michael Bay overtook Hou and that was really sad. <br /> <br /> The good news is that even though Hou is there In his 50s, I felt frankly as if he hadn't started yet. There are a couple of moments in this film that illustrate the promise that still exists, such as in a bookstore that is frustrated when the room is dark, red blood, sunset, while Hitoto talks about a child whose face is Glin But what the fear brought him back was the comfort of creating the same movie over and over again and being praised by the gullible and cocky people as the savior of the theater. Hou, your time as a beloved Rotterdam, Venice, Venice, Toronto, Berlin And other film festivals are approaching and people are staring at your trickery quickly Two words for you: Atom Egoyan, two more words or maybe three: Chai Ming Liang You are now undressing from both boring deceit, which is going to take up his own dark tunnel. Risk your shirt in a sci-fi epic. Sell it out - but leave social criticism with people without eyes and without heart. Let the skill of your illustrator be fully expressed. You will not be out of being overlooked.
