I am the investigator associated with the great work of film director Yasujiro Ozu, who has a profound view of Japanese life, especially in the post-World War II era. After seeing many of his outstanding films, such as "Late Spring" of 1949 and "Tokyo Story" in 1953. I believe Ozu has a special gift that expresses the feelings of conflict between each other through deep storytelling and imagination. It was the strong desire of the Taiwanese director Hou Hsiao-hsien to show respect for Ozu at the centenary of his life with the 2003 movie Full of Life. Among the writers, T'ien-wen Chu Hsiao-hsien seems to get the correct picture. But did not receive the emotional weight needed to make ice pacing difficult. <br /> <br /> Stories related to Yôko A young Japanese writer researched the life of a Taiwanese composer in the mid-20th century Jiang Wen-Ye in Tokyo after returning from Taiwan where she taught Japanese. After setting the character for 25 minutes, she revealed to her father and stepmother that she was pregnant by a student in Taiwan. At the same time, Yôko Hajime's coffee shop friend, who manages a second-hand bookstore, has a passion for trains and seems to fall in love with her. Hsiao-hsien connects this sleek plot line with a set of images that are held to take pictures. Excessive length due to changing frame elements There is also a long silence and many train scenes. While these techniques are in line with Ozu's style, Hsiao-hsien does not seem to be able to dive into the minds of the characters, as Ozu does with the highest fluidity and minimal drama, especially the condition of Yôko doesn't seem to be committed. The reaction of her parents was too much until interest arose. In fact, the whole film has an atmosphere of fatigue about it, which makes the movie feel endless. <br /> <br /> The performance is unobtrusive, but memorable. The actor J-pop Yo Hitoto musician Bring natural comfort to Yôko while Tadanobu Asano is the center of Hajime. The remaining characters rarely register even Nenji Kobayashi and Kimiko Yo as Yôko's parents. Lee Ping Bing filmed the film for the experts to work, although he violated the important rules of the movie Ozu without making the camera still during filming. Hitooto talks about the pop song used until the end of the "Hito-Shian" DVD. "MétroLumière", which is made from the French language, which takes an hour, which actually gives some context for the method of the movie Hsiao-hsien. It contains an excerpt from the movie of Ozu, especially "Equinox Flower" for Showing similarities to this film, although not mentioned "Tokyo Story" or "Early Summer", which is a clear basis for some scenes and situations - UPS also has clicks Watch the edited interviews of Hitoto, Asano and Hsiao-hsien, including movie trailers.
