CREEPSHOW 2 is the sequel to the sequel to the original CREEPSHOW of George Romero (overrated). Any sequel that follows from the movie Romero, not directed by Romero himself, has a large shoe that will fill the part. Big because Romero's fans came out there who thought he was God. I don't care about the first movie and very funny. I don't care about the sequel. This movie series has a very high potential. But it's very short because both movies are less than the protagonist. <br /> <br /> CREEPSHOW 2's biggest problem is that there are only three stories. (Not including the subject between) and because the first story sucked in more than belief, then the opportunity for almost half the movie to be really good. I saw CS 2 in the movie and the first segment was the true groaning sound. Whatever is amazing with George 'I can't show it.' Kennedy will be automatically punished again and the story of an Indian statue looks too strange and is not in the sequel. So after a really boring and dull start, there are only two stories left to reverse the failure of the beginning that was canceled and unfortunately the other two stories are not good enough for me to forget about. First, THE RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER have achieved moderate levels because both other groups have their time. The last two stories are too long. Not that I want the story to happen quickly and end quickly. But the two good ideas found in those stories were worthless by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually agreed when the group needed power. Unpredictable and ending with punchier. In addition, if the last two stories do not stretch on the film or give the three segments shorter, with corrections and directions, they may add the fourth story. Needed into a bunch There are only three parts that are made for a boring party. <br /> <br /> The performances and writing both in RAFT and THE HITCHHIKER are very bad. I like Lois Chills at the last moment. It may be her best time on the screen, apart from her role as Bond Girl Holly Goodhead in MOONRAKER and DEATH ON THE NILE, but even her role is sometimes difficult to understand because of the direction that is available. And stories that do not focus Should we hate her or sympathize with her? Should we sympathize with the annoying waving car? If someone else finds the body of a pedestrian walking around him when he attacks, what is Chill? Is he a ghost or a zombie? Eventually, the body allowed the presence of others who found him dead to attack Chiles. The whole story was not clear, even supernatural. And the ending is quite boring and unattractive. <br /> <br /> For the embarrassing story of THE RAFT, most of the performances are scary, and there are no sympathetic or interesting characters. The characters are more interesting if the actors play themselves. There are no actors who believe in their specific role. Paul Satterfield looks smarter than the stupid jock he played and the actor playing with his girlfriend is unbelievable like a typical fool. She seems too shy Can be said the same as the other two who play "normal" teenagers. The idea of ​​slipping the killer's oil is interesting and creepy. Probably the fifth character in this story could be a homeless man or a ranger who lurks around the lake and knows about oil stains and may be a monster with a lot of water. Creepy like oil, slippery, it doesn't make "characters" interesting and the way the story ends, everything looks pointless. There is no punching. <br /> <br /> Except in the small aspects that seem to make things boring, worth it. Seeing CREEPSHOW 2 in the theater is generally a waste of money and time. CS 2 is a rental material rather than what you pay to watch on a large screen.
