We are all there by sitting with friends, watching bad movies, laughing how much it has been created and how bad the performance is. Eventually the credit swirled and everyone looked around and said, "How is it possible that this movie was created? Who paid for the script to become a movie Jigsaw is not that kind of movie, instead asking if this type of garbage is a budget that you wonder why the creator was shot from a cannon to the sun. Yes, the jigsaw may be the worst movie ever created or thought about this from someone who had seen the fire and lake Fever. This movie started at some college level. I'm not sure what kind of class. But it was imagined as an art class Now, with the final project being done by their crazy teacher, five of them have received a model of the model and told to design in the manner they deem appropriate and because only five students received it in Classes and Automation A There are only six students in this class, so a chic German gets a free A good for you! One week passed, and five students, including a teacher and husband, a villager, met at the bar to discuss and complete the project. They gathered head parts, arms and legs and told others why they chose a particular style. now These creative geniuses take full advantage of the week by using a saw blade on the left hand side, another shotgun that has been sawed, the right leg receives a broken ceramic glued and the left side of some magazines. It's the worst thing to get an eye camera, ala Hellraiser 3, with some bottle rockets for a stylish mo-hawk after they have fully spilled out about their unique design. He is now a drunken teacher, saying that they will burn the model right now with the name of the puzzle. Now, at this point, it's a horrible movie, a bad performance standard, a dialogue and everything. But still has a reliable reason But after the jigsaw caught the fire, it changed for the worst ... asked? I have no idea him, just because the author cannot think of a true way to make the plastic mold worth two pounds become real (Lightning people, Voodoo priests traveling to do anything) So when the puzzle comes to life, he uses his new abilities to walk very slowly and stilted by using his fingers to Wreak havoc First of all, he will kill a cool guy with a barbed wire. This man who is going to go with him by deciding to drink beer brewed over long distances is more important than what is in front of him. When he had gone, Jigsaw shot a sexy girl in the face and made the old man have a heart attack by twisting his head slightly. Then he saw a disgusting southern woman and then became a husbands husband. you Jigsaw and kill a fool with a headless scam. Am I talking about a puzzle that causes the body parts to fall out of his victim to create a human being? No! It is not important that they do not show their disgusting creation. They do not show him that stealing the body from his poor creator. (Maybe he was trying to create a head detective from In Living Color), so after the five people were killed, the teacher and the stupid girl were all the rest. The teacher showed that the jigsaw just needed. The chief finished the masterpiece because he was not interested in the body. Therefore, to be a coward, he is a teacher who binds a woman to a jigsaw puzzle that comes only to find a teacher with his electric buzz, which is not plugged in. That is the end of the picture. Aborted Do not even see the teacher killed or what happened to the girl. Ask him to explain why Jigsaw came to life or he cleaned himself after being burned. This movie is too embarrassing to see it as just 71 minutes, so it's a small part of your day for the memory of a jigsaw puzzle life. Thank you for all the recalls! The judge has ruled that the puzzle only if your plan to cut your penis seems to be played.
