This movie really disappointed me. The performance is incredibly bad. And it's about the actors. The story is incredibly clear: a group of independent actors play Passion Play and eventually they start living the characters they play. I have watched a lot of movies lately. Thank you Netflix and this is the first movie I haven't watched for a long time. I felt that I didn't want to see the end. We all know the end of this story. <br /> <br /> For some people it seems. "Modernity" of this Gospel is miserable or enlightened. I cannot say this because I am not raised in a Christian church. Being said that I was raised in the United States and I live in a more Christian culture I want to know enough about Jesus and the modernity of religion, whether it's better or worse. I didn't see Mel Gibson's version, but I guess people who like this will like this, except for the most conservative ones. I just hope that this will be a better movie. <br /> <br /> Many comments appreciate the direction of Arcand and especially the movie. I don't like the movie itself, it is quite wise and preached I do not believe that the character of the character and I never relate to life on their screen. Playing within the drama is very old and will not think that it will have its weight in real time production. But that is the point What I really want for this work is to develop characters and plot about supporting philosophical and theological questions that the movie wants to be. And the selection of music is clear and original. <br /> <br /> There are two examples of this thing that are easy to think of. Firstly, there is a reverberation of Jesus' parable that drove the lender money out of the temple: a leading actor who falls in love with a woman who plays Magdalene and who is a model and the dancer becomes angry Resent Selection for advertising (With the evil producer and the man suffocating a large audience) by removing the pants He left the place and chased them all out. I guess this is the level that the movie wants to reach. The love between the two is unreasonable and not emotionally perceived, and the scene plays out like a high school of Death of a Salesman. That is not good. Please stop hitting my head with this noble "significance". Another one is the relationship between another female leader and the priest who asks them to play the drama and eventually turn their backs and betray them in the church. Why is it so damaging. Why are you sleeping with this man? "It makes him happy and I'm a little painful." Ah, prostitutes and lovely old saints. Seems to be enough for Arcand to convey But not worth the trouble of enhancing and enlivening these characters They are moving through and I reach out to the exit button. <br /> <br /> Feel free to write me out of being bored, bored or not interested. Feel free to watch this movie and see Passion in every beauty, sadness and inspiration delivered in an unskilled and tricky manner. Feel free to have all your preconceived notions confirm and see any piece of artistic honesty that has been abandoned for monotonous drift. But don't say I didn't warn you
