It is difficult to say that Noonan and Marshall are trying to falsely claim Abbott & Costello, Martin & Lewis, Curley & Larry or other comedy teams, but regardless of who they try to imitate, they fail miserably. There is only one weak laughter in an incredibly stupid picture (the assistant wrote the alleged "script") and Marshall doesn't have any chemistry. Marshall seems to be trying to be good at Martin's care. Maintain the etiquette of Dean Martin But he didn't come close from afar God knows that Nuna thinks he is doing. It seems that he thinks that stretching his arms and legs out a lot and stare stupidly with everyone and everything is the height of the funny screen. Probably because of him But not for the audience I remember seeing this in the cinema when it came out. It is at the bottom of the double bill with Jeff Chandler, three years old in the west. ("The pillars of the sky" which are quite good) and three short stooges ("Sappy Bullfighters" which is not) and about 20 minutes from this. Every kid in the audience is throwing things on the screen. It was so strange that it didn't measure the shorts of the Three Stooges. The worst I was here for the end of it. (Not that I want But my people didn't come to pick me up until after the movie ended) and by the time this mess ended I was the only person in the theater. I saw it again about 15 years ago on cable one night and Walk around to see it to see if it's as bad as I can remember. It's worse The only thing it did for it was Julie Newmar, who was a hot smoker. Apart from her, this thing is definitely not recommended. The two of them also play the Japanese soldiers and the way they do makes Jerry Lewis show the infamous Japanese characters with thick lenses, flirting teeth and mental defects. Marshall went to host "Hollywood Squares" and Nunan tried to make a movie. But most of them are almost as bad as this Although it is not so because I do not think anything will be worse than this. The film is truly pathetic. Don't waste time on it.
