"Kings and Queen" is a bloated French drama that is full of two hours and thirty minutes in order not to see the purpose or purpose. <br /> <br /> The film has two seemingly unrelated stories at first. Finally connecting each other about half way through the movie The first center around Nora and her battle with many men in her life, including an elderly father who discovered that he had only a few days left to live. Mael, a violinist who finds himself being unfairly placed, believes in a mental institution through the infighting of an unknown third person. After traveling along a separate path for a short while, the two finally gathered together when we realized that Ismael was Nora's former lover and the person she chose to receive a son from a relationship <br /> <br /> With a slightly increased commitment and a lot of sleekness, "Kings and Queen" may be a powerful and heart-winning drama about current relationships. Of course, it has a time of great understanding and emotional power, and most performances are complex and impressive. But in the overall picture, this film has a meaning that is quite straightforward, it starts to wreak havoc on our patience and makes our reception faster. Suffering even more is the fact that even if we use things that seem eternal in our company, we don't really know what to do with them when the performance ends. For example, Nora's father on his deathbed wrote a fierce rebellious character to the character of his daughter who didn't look at the woman we had been looking for more than two hours. Nora is recognized as having no Mother Teresa. (Who are you now?) But of course, she doesn't deserve the miracle from her father. Nora may be accused of confusion, a little confusion, absorbing himself. But was evil enough to let her father want him to be cancer and cause her to die instead I don't think so. <br /> <br /> Maybe this movie may be used at a depth that I can't understand. But my suspicion is that even writer Roger Bohbot and the author / director Arnaud Desplechin will have trouble explaining their purpose here. This is a tedious and tedious show of movies that allows viewers to travel on a long journey through personal crises, a journey that makes him wiser or more enlightened at the beginning rather than the beginning.
