"Rois et Reine" is a messy scene of a movie that can cause a lot of annoyance to the audience. It focuses on the transition from past couples Nora (Emanuelle Devos) and Ismael (Mathieu Amalric) as they face a major crisis in separate lives. While the story of Nora plays straight and has a dull tone But Ismael plays primarily to laugh, even if it's not particularly funny. Nora's crises arose from Louis's illness. Her father (Maurice Galle) and Ismael were suddenly imprisoned in a mental hospital that aroused the mysterious third person. Ismael and Louis are the only two men who have shaped the life of Nora and have been molded by her. The other most notable is that she now died. Pierre and Pierre Elias, the son small When both past and present events show the audience and former lovers to participate in each other's lives again, it appears that Nora's personal story about her life may be less reliable. The first appointment> <br /> The director of the cult of Arnaud Desplechin has created a strange place here, which has gathered important criticism in France. He deliberately abandoned the meeting, lecturing and developing movies through a series of dramatic changes in mood and tone. If this method has been established from the core concept or the unified concept that may be applicable But it was not clear at the end what Desplechin's movie was about An allusion to Greek myths and Freudian theory is very clear, meaningful. But at least for those who do not study movies, these books are still less useful in clarifying and interpreting the characters' lives. At other times, the treatment ended in the kit, but using the anodyne "Moon River" as the theme song of the film showed that it might be deliberate. <br /> <br /> ** Spoiler alert ** I wonder if it's important for The film is not a traditional observation that we see ourselves, may be completely different from the way others see us, or even the way we think others see us. This idea was most evident in Pierre's violent death movie and the revelation contained in Louis's secret record. Unfortunately, both events seem to be completely disconnected from what has been revealed to the audience of Pierre and Louis. This seems to be a cheat on Desplechin's part as if he were pushing our thoughts. In the form that is not in the middle instead of showing more thoroughly in the natural narrative path One or two images above the dark imagination shows the existence of choices. But most of the world that is unaware of the people is horribly naked. But again, these have more feelings than the encroachment of movie-making techniques rather than the eruption of deep reservoirs. In fact, for a deep, deep guidance, the character has not been developed and is as strange as if they worked better as a talisman for many of their creators' ideas about more people. Be a real person in your own right. Most details of their lives seem to be arbitrarily used instead of using organic substances. For example, Ismael, as we have always been warned, is a Viola player. But more than two hours before we actually saw or heard him playing and the results of the instrument or career he chose would not show details So he may be a marine biologist or trapeze artist. <br /> <br /> Amalric brings the charm of mania to Ismael. But in the end I found that Devos cloying and monotone (which may have been deliberately intentionally) as Nora Nora Meanwhile, Jean-Paul Roussillon, as Ismael's father, Elsa Wolliaston, was his psychoanalyst and Magalie Woch as a psychologist who was mentally injured. But challenged him to beat the hospital, causing the biggest impact among the actors supporting Catherine Deneuve in there as well, although her role is less than the self-referential pendant. <br /> <br /> Finally, "Rois et Reine" is a highly acquired taste. If it fails to press your button, it is possible that Desplechin's method, which is disciplined and ruddy, will make you more frustrated and angry even if you are watching.
