This is another feature of 'human vs. insect / eco-horror'; A popular theme in the late 70s. Only you can't call it horror. There is no doubt, and there is no gruesome event. In other words: this movie is quite lame. Not that it's really bad or something. It's very boring. The construction site near the hotel reveals a large ant nest. Later we learned that it might be because of the various insecticides used in the past, their bite became poisonous. Some people were bitten and rushed to the hospital and it took a long time for the residents of the hospital to find out what had happened. Robert Forthworth thinks the numbers first, and you'll see him berserk with the digger for what looks like many hours. Then they fled into the house to wait for the rescue. And humans, you should see all the efforts they have made to save their lives. I won't waste too much. But at one point they still use a large helicopter All the time I watched this thing, I sat there thinking that "Go ahead, people. You have shoes. Just running out of the building. I'm sure many ants won't chase you." It's ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Sure, there is a show. Lots of ants throughout the movie, the ants in the garden, the ants in the trash, the ants in the kitchen, the ants on the roof, the ants in the bedroom, the ants in the sink. And the best part: ants crawl on people's faces while the actors breathe through the straw But when you see a group of ants in a wider image, they look like real black rice that the designer glued to the wall. <br /> <br /> A little surprise came to an end. No, it has nothing to do with twisting in the story. It's just that Brian Dennehy has appeared as a firefighter leader. Uh ... what can I say? This movie is called IT HAPPENED at LAKEWOOD MANOR, but the art box in my copy reads ANTS and the name between the credits is PANIC AT LAKEWOOD MANOR. There you have it. Now, since this is a movie that was created for TV from the 70s, I will be very soft in my final ranking again. Now, THE SAVAGE BEES, another TV movie 'Human vs Insects', from 1976, is better than movies. This story I also felt that I had to go back and add a few points after seeing the ANTS. The only thing you would have left after seeing ANTS is an annoying itching.
