About the only thing I like about this movie is that there is enough to put me in my seat until the end ... I still think maybe in the next scene what will gel ... Alas .. . /> <br /> Gus Van Sant movie enthusiast - especially his back movie - may be like this. Personally, I found that Van Sant's movie is boring, pretentious and easy. He is the producer for this movie, so it's not surprising that this movie will be made by him, although personally I like this better than Van Sant's latest attempt (like Elephant). <br /> <br /> Opposite here, I don't think this movie is hard to understand or separate. I think, above all, it's a movie that desires to describe some emotions - emotions. Teens are gradually moving into the adult world - but very slow, almost imperceptible changes yet. But I feel that the problem of this film is "emotion" is not enough ... and not only that But the emotions drawn here are in my mind, incorrectly chosen for the stories that are expected to happen The dream-like quality that is closely linked to nature is captured here beautifully. But it is an emotion that is more than a young child who is still fully immersed in nature. (Waves on the beach The grass and flowers, spiders, etc.) The rhythm of this film reminds me of my summer when I'm about eight or nine years old. There is LANGUOR, a film that resists what should be a stressful moment in teenage life. When you fall in love with someone - or the goal of bullying at school - you are anything but indecent! There are only two periods that really worked for me in this movie ... Spoiler here - first, when Logan placed a grocery store and his mother threw it. The frustration of adults associated with children klutzy - especially when there is no father - seems to be true for me. <br /> <br /> The second story and part of this film that is tense is the scene. "Leah" (Logan created his own new phone) Rodeo and tried to persuade him to have sex with the phone. The first reason I like it is because people who make the voice of "Leah" are the most reliable actors in this movie. (It made me think of Claire Danes from My So-Called Life ... The sound still sounds like Claire.) She and Rodeo have one scene that seems totally believable between children and what I like especially is the fact that The rodeo is pretending to be playing ... It may be the best moment in the movie - finally! - We have been developing characters. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's an effort that is missing ... We have to see what he's doing in his next movie before we talk about. The ability of the director In the meantime, if he is able to escape from the influence of Van Sant, it may make him a good world. Who is this director - one of Van Sant's children's toys?
