The movie begins with Wheeler, who sneaks into the apartment of his girlfriend, her aunt (Edna May Oliver - someone who has more talent than this), doesn't like Wheeler - the feelings that I relate easily. Aunt decides to take this lovely girl overseas to take her away from Wheeler. They left. Wheeler invested in a revolution in the legendary kingdom because they promised to make him their king. At the same time, muttering in the same legendary small kingdom and he became king. So when Wheeler arrived it was up to the boys to fight. But they refused because they were friends - which made people very disappointed because of killing and replacing the king as a national hobby. <br /> <br /> I'm a big fan of comedians from the golden age of Hollywood - a quiet era in the 1940s. I saw and examined hundreds of stories, if not thousands of movies, and although I love and appreciate these movies, I never understood Users must appeal of Wheeler and Woolsey - only one comedy team could Pons like Ritz Brothers! Although very successful in their short career in Hollywood (Short cut due to Robert Woolsey's death) I can't help but notice that every other successful team has done the same basic idea but is much better. For example, there are many elements of this film that invite. Thinking of Marx's brother's movie is DUCK SOUP, but NACK's CRACKED NUTS never makes me laugh and DUCK SOUP is very stupid and fun. Sometimes muttering, speaking like Groucho, but his jokes never had punchlines that even from a distance is a joke! In fact, he seems to be pointless. His only funny feature is that he looks stupid - the reason is not enough to make him film. In addition, Wheeler also has the charm of a cheese - a piece of cheese that sings very badly! The opportunity to miss is the routine of Vaudeville, which later became popular with Abbott and Costello. "Who was the first" which was made in this movie But there is no spark or rhythm In fact, not long after they started spelling, they just ended their routines - so before the deadline you would be disappointed, I knew that "who was the first" for many years and used by many teams. I want to see Wheeler and Woolsey give it a fair shot and give it a twist While I have to admit that I like their movies gently (such as SILLY BILLIES and THE RAINMAKERS - which I give 6 stories on IMDb), but this is a complete test of endurance. Too often when I watch Wheeler and Woolsey movies, where is all the humor!
