Final score: 1.8 (out of 10) <br /> <br /> After seeing 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back', I have to be Eliza Dushku to kick big when I rent this movie. 'Soul Survivors' is rubbish. "Psychology Thriller "that dressed like a flick of a teenager at a flick-flick - even to the point that a deceitful killer plays a young actor like Dushku, Wes Bentley (American Beauty), Casey Affleck (Drowning Mona) and Melissa Sagemiller. beloved Luke Wilson was there by mocking in the priesthood. The film concept of writer / director Stephen Carpenter looks like a mutant descendant of 'Open Your Eyes' or 'Vanilla Sky' and the movie that the characters (and the audience) are stuck in the world of The chaos caused by the accident / death. This film makes the frightening image make us confused at the time of working until the truth. This choice has finally been resolved. I do not think that these movies are entertainment - by their nature - starting with, but 'SS' is a cheap junk theater where you can slice it. Images, scripts, performances and efforts Any creations are all unexpected things for a movie like this. Moreover, it is PG-13, so it doesn't send blood or T&A to treat it as a wrong. (Even the unrated version is still untrue) I have heard that this movie has a "hot" shower scene between Dushku and Sagemiller. When the movie breaks down in front of me and other entertainment seems to be missing, I find myself I was patiently waiting for the shower scene. At the very least, I would get something out of it. Then came: both girls painted on their shirts, they jumped in the bath, fully dressed. Ice and polished it off just like that. I think it's hot, huh? 'Soul Survivors' is one of the boring and weak films that are weak and incompetent, so hard to have any feelings. It doesn't put anything and is not worth writing. In the end it makes us empty The final scene of Carpenter is the sound of the buzz and the sound, and that's the most lively part. There is no doubt that the competition will be a late night in the United States or a Sci-Fi Channel due to low costs and PG-13 ratings - and that may be the best thing for it.
