The world is facing an imminent catastrophe and suicide missions are sent to the sun to avoid catastrophes by placing a bomb in a hot heart: Yes, it is a solar crisis or a 2050 crisis that burns change. large Back in the 1990s and came back hardly enough to buy Happy Meal for each actor in Japan before going straight to the video (remember?) In a new modified version credited to Alan Smithee. One plot of the plot is quite the same as the Sunshine - suicide mission to the sun, sabotage on the ship. Logical logic - except for this time they don't try to dominate the sun. But will explode the flame from the sun before the world With a bomb saying Announced by Paul Williams Who wants to be promoted for the crew to take him more seriously? Because the actors also include Jack Palance at OTT, the most skilled of him, Charlton Heston, Tim Mattesons, the most strict and most stringent of his name, the original Michael Berryman of Hills Have Eyes (You may not remember the name Remember that face) and Peter Boyle, as an industrialist, sabotaged the mission because, if the world was successful, it would be saved. But his stock price will decrease, you expect if not at least one minute Laughing every reel is not happy. This is the worst movie. One story: boring. The fate of the world may hang in balance. But all the movies were filmed without complete hustle and momentum in the same rhythm that didn't change drastically. Have low keys and have to walk through But here the actors didn't do that. But they still stand looking at the screen in the dark almost all the time You still hope that Paul Williams' bombs will have to face the crisis. But it turns out that the movie just ... standing there, what to do next? Actually, this is one of the most inertial movies ever created? So sluggish, if Clive Owen is shown, he will look lively by comparison. Even the unspeakable suicide attempt attempts failed to attract attention because it was mostly related to the actors standing still in the dark. Even when the explosion occurred before the countdown before the launch, they deal with a new crisis. Standing still, looking at the screen in the dark as if they were always in the movie world. Merchant-Ivory There are better action scenes. <br /> <br /> Things are not very lively on the world that the movie spends most of their time working with Chuckson's son / grandson Chuck Corin Nemec. Trying to tie a spaceport across a barren landscape with Palance's crazy desert artist "Look for the message there while the chicks dig me" while denying the attack from Mad Max ripoff and the evil organization that follows him. So that they The can? Release him on a good beach Don't expect logic if you haven't guessed a lot. Best time? The pale girl in the bar describes Jack Palance as "an old man with white hair and a face like a rotten movie." Although Chucky Baby will take out the villain's plane with a gun fired from the hip from the office window. Like his beret, the reception of the movie in the movie is 99% of the time. There are a lot of nuttin, Richard C. Sarafin, the traditional cut that has been played in Japan for more than six times. minute But cried out to be reduced to 17 minutes. The director of Vanishing Point must thank the star for his luck when the new amendment made him Sorry for using his name from the movie The movie is terrible. It's not good and it's not painful.
