"The Bat People" is a proud resident of the IMDb Bottom 100. Every time the movie disappears from a disgraceful program, depending on whether there is a new movie with Paris Hilton in the movie or documentary about American Idol stars or No, it will always come back reliably, sooner or later and why? Because unlike most people who crap on that list, "The Bat People" is a movie that is unlawful and deserves to be there, regardless of the influence of the media or the internet rumors! Almost not the worst movie ever, because the basic concept is definitely charming and intelligent. But it is still difficult to read the whole story The script is incredibly boring, with absolutely no unnecessary internal spaces and large spaces. But the main character is still a stranger throughout the story In addition to sensible screenplay, this film still lacks exciting killing scenes and makeup effects. Even though it was courtesy of Stan Winston, young? Ridiculous and ridiculous and still not visible until the end of the film The name of the film is incorrect, while the "person" refers to the plural number, while this story actually revolves around one bat person. Batman Wayne is more than a real character in this movie, and he has a bat - a cave and a bat-cell (stolen ambulance)! The plot introduces young couples to explore their weekend honeymoon caves. They walked out of the guided tour group, and he was bitten by a bat while trying to protect his wife from the violent attacks of animals. Worried that he might be infected with rabies, he received severe treatment at a local hospital. But this does not prevent him from slowly turning into a bloodthirsty bat animal. He killed people randomly at night and toys around with suspicious police sergeants, while his beloved wife still strongly believed that awkward behavior was caused by an allergic reaction to the treatment of rabies. beloved! The script never explained why bats attacked people and why John changed to normal humans in the morning of the new day instead of gradually changing to bat bat status permanently. Essentially, "The Bat People" is a good change in the old werewolf theme. But apparently not very interesting The idea shows a lot of potential. In any way, the sub-plan focuses on the drunken group and the sheriff in the wrong way instead of a terrifying monster. Some of the settings and the location of the shooting outside are impressive. The songs that are not suitable for playing during the credits are oddly tricky. There are good scenes during Climax (finally!) And the main actor Marianne. McAndrew goes) The list of truly bad and boring movies in the top 100 is Spot 80, and personally I hope it will be somewhere in that region. The list will not feel and be traditional without "The Bat People"
