Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II begins at Hamilton's High School Prom in 1957 by Mary Lou Maloney (Lisa Schrage) being unfaithful on Bill Nordham (Steve Atkinson) and Bud Cooper (Robert Lewis). & Destroyed while Mary Lou announced the prom prom 1957 and went on stage to receive her prize Bill was also hurt, decided to play jokes on Mary Lou, so he threw firecrackers onto the stage. But Fuse's fire still caught Mary Lou's suit and caused her to ignite within a few seconds that Mary Lou was the bread. 30 years later and Hamilton Heights is about to hold a New Year's night party. Bill (Micheal Ironside) is now a teacher. Big and has a teenage son named Craig (Justin Louis) who is dating Vicki Carpenter (Wendy Lyon) and both plan to go to a party together. Bud (Richard Monette) is now a bad priest last night when 30 The year before still haunting both Bill & Bud One day, Vicki was looking around the school's basement when she discovered the large body that she had opened. It turned out to be a terrible story when Mary Lu's vengeful spirit was released. Will claim her crown as Queen Prom & free time, beginning to avenge her premature death. The first thing is Jess Browning (Beth Gondek) where death is killed. Mary Lou begins to take possession of Vicki's body in Which the prom is approaching After eliminating the competition in the form of Kelly Hennenlotter (Terri Hawkes) who tried to repair the prom, so she beat Mary Lou in Vicki's body, being crowned with Queen High prom prom, which made Mary Lou back from death to create. Unexpected appearance & make the party lively ... <br /> <br /> No connection to the Prom Prom (1980), original and directed by Bruce Pittman. I think Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is not a movie. That's especially good. The script by Ron Oliver focuses on Lahore, comprising more than a supernatural theme Teen Slasher be decided whether it is good or bad, it depends on your expectations. Personally, I find that these elements are not gels or work well together. This movie is slower than it is really fun after the opening scene that Mary Lou died. No one was killed until half an hour, and then the movie plot the next half hour until Vicki was right. Possession and movies in the end Grab the momentum for the pinnacle of Mary Lou's evil, kill one person at the prom before she unexpectedly defeats with the horror movie fans that you expect the murderer to groan and die. For the end of the sequel? Do not expect to have only five bodies high throughout the story & no graphics, especially though I like the way Monica (Beverly Hendry as Beverly Hendry) tried to hide in the bathroom locker Blood flowing out The supernatural aspect of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II was described by Vicki with many hallucinations in the first hour, and Mary Lou controlled the objects in the later stages, including two creepy horse images that occurred on the blackboard. Well, too, when it turns into water & the zombie hand dragging Vicki into the slasher side of Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II doesn't stand out. I do like Mary Lou myself when she spun out, one forced torpedo & she did it for The bad guys are good, even if she doesn't kill enough people. Oh & yes, I have done homage to many other horror film directors, with almost all characters' surnames shared. This can be seen. That nothing in the film But a good touch, I think The performance is ok. But in general, the trustworthy Mikael Ironside seems to be missing and doesn't care as if he asked himself what he had done about it and if he would work again Forget about any blood. Someone is hanging. There is a cross stabbing that happens outside the screen. Some people are plugged in with neon light. The computer is crazy and electric. Someone's face (!?) & Mary Lou bursts out of the body. Vicki at first as a rotting zombie There are some strikes on the full forehead in the female bath as well, if that's what you If you want to give some credit, Hello Mary Lou: Prom Night II is okay to have a reasonable production charge throughout & always doing well. Overall, I was disappointed with Mr Mary Lulu: Prom Night II. It's too slow. & Finally didn't get anything to maintain my interest for nearly 100 minutes. I'm not sure if I deserve to get a level 3 or 4 rating. I would give 4 points because there is nothing wrong with me. I think & I Sat watching a movie At more than But it didn't do anything for me, I was afraid
