John (Gary Kent, under the pseudonym Michael Brody), who was disturbed by a mind like a carnivorous flesh-eating man who lived in a cave that had camped and made a mistake Which is unfortunate in backpacking in the wilderness. Steve (Dean Russell) and his friend Charlie (John Batis) fight with their wives. Sharon (Tomi Barrett, the late deceased wife of Gary Kent) & Teddi (Ann Wilkinson) by himself to prove the point. The gals decide to head to the wilderness to leave. Los Angeles for campers disturbing their partners until the point that they will soon follow The victim of John Teddy was killed shortly while Sharon ran for her life while people arrived in the wilderness because of the heat of the truck. Fear, tired and paranoid Sharon received a very unusual help .. John's ghost boy! That's right, John's children are still in the ghost-wilderness wilderness, who are spying on those who live in the forest. There is a special preference for Sharon to help guide her to safety and her friends. Lee finds shelter from the darkness and darkness at night in the cave where John lives. Cooking with the hot fire, the boiled meat came from Charlie's wife, Teddy! Charlie unknowingly eats from the meat when offered by John, who finds an outsider in his house! However, soon worried about their wives, Steve and Charlie set out to find them in the morning. John goes hunting with Charlie, Steve and Sharon in a fight to survive. When Steve suffers from a fracture that stumbles between the two large stones above the flowing river, he will be crippled, only adding to the already existing nightmare situation by Sharon following her scary young friend for safety That may happen .. even though my father will not kill you Charlie, unfortunately, had a friend like this. <br /> <br /> Director Donald Jones (.. who wrote this script and went out to raise funds in the movie) wisely filmed this movie. In a beautiful and breathtaking location in Sequoia National Park in California, where the tallest trees are great, and in general I watch the loggers for this purpose. For some strange reason, I did not find the direction of Jones's setting, especially the terrible atmosphere disappeared, although there was something that was somewhat disturbing John's attack using his knife (. . Shoot smartly. Jones's camera Recommend more than what is actually on the screen In any way still succeeded in gaping what John was doing for the victims) in this beautiful landscape to see innocent victims of extremism The townspeople try to spend a couple of days in different places to breathe clean and fresh air, enjoy the beautiful scenery just to find themselves walking by a creepy hunter with a terrifying knife. Much Given the reason why John was a monster after him, Jones helped us see his past memories of finding his wife's adultery and responding to that. The backcountry looking for children for "being naughty") killed both her and her lover on the bed (.. refrigerator repairman). Children were sad and depressed that killed themselves and now "haunted" the wilderness still. Have interaction With the father or anyone they choose I am aware of the novelty, such as children, ghosts in a special spanking and some people appreciate. But I found the idea quite hokey and too stupid to be serious They helped our heroine escape a few potentially dangerous situations. But it's so hard for me not to laugh The songs I discovered in the 80s and the performances were incredible. I mean, I can respond to the situation they are in because it is quite scary to find myself in an unfamiliar and hostile territory that has been hunted by people who know the area well. I think this film has similarities in many ways that will not go into the forest .. Alone! Except that the forest has a ghost child mentioned above (.. their voices resonate when speaking to their father Sharon or others) Gary Kent looks like George Lucas who is dirty with tattered clothes and humanity Was gone As I have said, violence is not as scary as it should be, because director Jones can cut the knife effectively. But the way he makes this scene makes you somewhat unstable (such as the murder of Teddi, mostly violent shadows on the surface of a large rock near her, pleading for John to stop and when stabbing many times trying to crawl Going out of her hunters will only be finished. I've seen this kind of slasher film getting better and worse. It's the best common thing, with some scenes that can be shot effectively. the Cup I do not think it will be particularly memorable except ghost children.
