I mean an inexpensive horror movie that is overlooked and waiting to be discovered again on the DVD. Why choose THE FOREST? I love very low budget directly to home videos or other horror alternatives. I love the hacker horror of the 80s. I like people who like to play backwood, too. Fools walk away at night to Will be chased, killed and eaten by a psychopath I all have a non-professional idea that works on horror movies as a way to break into the industry or just make a movie because they want to do it. I'm all using public places that are not actors, not talented, behind the camera and in the studio. No problem! The picture taken from the forest the most is the opening of a shot of a pair walking in a distance across the forest into the woods: We see them as fragile small animals into a gloomy dark world, where humans may not be the best. Food chain The most feared hunter Then this movie will dive & never revive - we meet backpackers in a short time when they know they are being stalked. They were separated. Both were killed and then we met the protagonist of the movie while they were driving in a traffic jam. They meet up with their friends and decide to travel to camp. Snoring makes the room full of people who watch movies with mobile phones, send messages. People don't tell them how bad the movie is. <br /> <br /> This movie is too slow. This movie is Too boring and this movie is too talkative. Which will not be a bad thing if the author has given someone to say something other than the most stupid, asinine and unnecessary thing. You know that your horror movie is having a problem when the character with the most interesting line is Rae The park, facing the people, warns everyone to keep away from the cannibal forests and talking about these "forests". They look far away from civilization while the empty grasslands are empty. Manual rear football field with a large rock and the river flow. There are impressive pictures of primeval forests. But without the true sense of being in the middle of the forest If one of the characters sits on the path and waits long enough for someone to follow, <br /> <br /> The worse thing about the movie is that it fails to create human interest: I Don't know who these couples are and don't care what happens to them. A man, a human being, a hermit cracker is not interested, even when pretending to see a freshly cooked meat from one of his victims' legs to provide a terrifying bite to her boyfriend who just happened to seek shelter. In the cave Irony, which is the epitome of "underwhelming" coupled with the cinematic synthesizer score that is suspicious, seems like someone has tied the camera to the dog and followed the movement of people, lack of monotony, nudity Horror and bad atmosphere Not as scary as the PBS program about education about the work of magnets. <br /> <br /> I didn't intend to "wash the dishes" for the people behind the film because it was clear that they entered. Join the project Nothing pushes himself to be creative and ends with another boring movie about some women who pursue women through the woods with knives. There is nothing wrong with that concept. The wrong thing is the most ruthless and utterly pedestrian approach. This is done down to the most pointless conclusion when this movie earns about 80 minutes. The best thing you can say about THE FOREST is that it is quite fast and there is nothing more to re-order the screenings - so my confusion is why everyone is I want DVDs It is strange when renting a prism video for a strange year like a DVD. It will be a $ 5.99 fare within a month of hitting the shelf. There is little or no urgency to watch movies unless you are considering making a special low-budget hacker set in a park where no one can charge you for filming at that This is the way to avoid doing. <br /> <br /> Everything that is said and made in a movie has one interesting sequence or a single path that is pathetic and cannot figure out that it has become a mystery. In another cut-and-dry movie: a madman goes home to find his wife in bed with a local contractor His own arms with a kitchen knife that looks like it was created for use in horror movies and began after the coordinator. Man's corner and attacking his quarry, who stepped forward and ran away, only to have the mind embodied in his footsteps with even greater weapons. The psychosis attacked again and the man fled. Psychosis appeared again and again, the man went out. Then again! Finally, on the fifth, try mental travel friends in order to fall into some type of contraception knife. How can he act as a figure with weapons that are larger than that? Is there a supernatural element of this psychosis? Because the movie cannot clearly explain that the scene is just a puzzle, creating a scene to create tension It is unclear. The whole movie is so true that there is no need to do and act in an unbelievable and unattractive manner that people can't help. <br /> 3/10 and there is enough evidence that just because you can publish a movie on a DVD that doesn't mean you should do it
