The name of ambiguity and (Almost legitimate) Forgetting the 80's slasher inevitably reminds me strongly of its hits. mega-smash-monster With the same name, so the piece of lyrics in the name of this user comment In addition, I don't have anything to say that it is useful again, but hey "wild" is not entirely hopeless and not really bad. If there is nothing else, at least obey the first law of the 80s that has not been written. Accept that kill people within the first 10 minutes of play. Of course, you have heard about the basic evidence of this film several decades ago. But don't let this discourage you from watching because "The Forest" has two things to offer rather than a scary cover image. In fact, it's a bit of an unusual 80 slasher! The main character is not a stupid teenager and the script has clear ambitions for supernatural. This concept is not always successful, reliable. But it is interesting enough to catch your attention and there are still many surprising moments that cause tension Two married couples decided to go camping in California's most secluded forest. But because of the stupid bet, the wife therefore separated from their husbands They have recently been visited by a mother who is looking for her two children. The children and eventually the father hunt for human flesh. Families with insanity may be real or imaginary. But women are in danger, of course, and by the time their husband arrives, they have disappeared. Men also meet with families and they find out more about the slightly unusual backgrounds. "The Forest" is a strange and strange movie. It is not a masterpiece of planning. But the truly strange atmosphere will attract fans who are open to horror in the 80s. The murder is quite horrifying and must be filmed including grooves and painful massacres and the filming location is beautiful. Amazed The more you ponder the story and the distortion of it, the less it will be. So my advice is to enjoy this strange viewing experience as long as it lasts a long time. The performance is higher than the average. The music is ok and at least director Donald Jones. (As well as the director of exploitation in the 70s "Schoolgirls in Chains") tried to make more creative that most 80s horror movies are disappointed that it eventually failed.
