Recap: The mysterious dense things that send radio signals are discovered in the ice of Antarctica. A mysterious block was dug out and brought to a research station in Antarctica. Julian Rome, a former employee of SETI, was taken to decipher the message. The problem is that one researcher is his ex-boyfriend and the situation has changed dramatically, especially when other female researchers threw him towards him. And ice cubes that have things inside are dissolving quickly, unusually Soon the object will be opened. The mystery continues even if the object generates a lot of electricity. It decided to open the object. But before it was finished, Julian decoded the signal "Do not open." But too late and the explosives when it was eventually violated and the two things released on Earth The first thing is the aliens that lurk in the object and the other is the virus that killed the research staff immediately. And Washington, which has been suspiciously updated about this historical event, decides that those things cannot be released to the world. So the Russian nuclear submarine carrying nuclear weapons was sent to Antarctica. <br /> <br /> Comments: This movie has a little surprise. One is Karl Levis, which is surprisingly good in acting and another is a beautiful special effect that works well and is much better than expected. Unfortunately, the story has a lot of surprises and this time is not a good way. In fact, it is filled with a plot hole that sometimes the movie seems to consist of randomly connected scenes. It never explained why Washington knew so much why Washington was able to command a Russian submarine. Why the object was in the Antarctic and woke up? It was really confusing that the alien pot was being sent in English that was understandable. Some people may want to explain this story, where aliens have been to the world before and know the language. (And why choose English clearly?) But then it is a confusing matter why good aliens who want to save the world from viruses send messages "Do not open" encrypted! And the last place is the most wide open possible. <br /> <br /> This movie is a little entertainment. But requires too much energy So the whole impression of the movie is not good. <br /> <br /> 3/10
