Five Across the Eyes began when five teenage girls drove home on the scheduled curfew. They stopped at the shop and collided with another car accidentally and decided to drive away. Shortly after another car forced them to stop and a crazy woman with a shotgun got up and shouted at them, causing them to take off their clothes and make them pee at them and then drive randomly. Shook and shocked the girls, thinking that their tests ended. But the crazy girl came back for a few seconds because she seemed to accidentally kill the scary woman who was lost & being depressed ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Greg Swinson and Ryan Theissen and Swinson wrote The & Theissen responsible for filming and editing. I must say that Five Across the Eyes is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. If not the worst, I mean I'm struggling. Thinking about the movie that I saw was worse. Now, let me start by saying that I'm sure the decision to make a lot of movies here is intended to try and stimulate the atmosphere, tension, realism and suspicion. But there is no one aspect of Five Across the Eyes that I didn't do. Hate to be honest, it looks like a bad home video that is stuck on YouTube and yet it's still a bit embarrassing and vain. Worthless. Frankly, 90 minutes I can do more fun and fun. Pull my nails out with pliers Comments on the website are quite positive, but on IMDb (the number of 1-star reviews shows & they can't be totally wrong, right?) & Is a message board that I think is an indicator of what is the average. People think it is disgusting by everyone and the phrase 'The worst movie I've ever seen' used a couple of times & for justice, most of these negative comments talk about the same thing and I have to agree with them. Terrible story. Okay, I think it should be simple. But is this a little? There is no reason or explanation for the incident and it feels totally random. The number of plots here will be struggling to fill the thirty minutes made for the TV program with full length features. The conversation is horrible with the annoying girls who seem to have no brain cells while they do random things and scream. Oh, God, who has a scream, has a seemingly endless scene of these girls screaming or crying or groaning. But frustrated and annoyed and prevented the senses from feeling sympathetic to them, it made what they were trying to say. Then there was a real killer, all movies were set up and filmed within the scope of a small van The camera never leaves this car, and you can imagine that it is really boring, and then only one person is killed. Screen & Five Across the Eyes is a movie that The hate with a passion /> <br /> On a technical level <br again, I see that style of filmmaking that this was a deliberate choice. But I have to be honest again and say that Five Across the Eyes is the worst movie I have ever seen. As a movie fan, I like my movie that looks like a suitable movie because it is a visible medium and I don't want them to look worse than a typical YouTube video or my home movie taken with a video camera while I'm drunk. It looks unskilled at & terrible. It is completely nasty. & I hate every moment of every second. Just think that The Blair Witch (1999) project looks just ten times worse and makes you almost stay there. There are many times that Five Across the Eyes when you can't tell what happened or happened because the camera works & the level of black and gray is almost completely black. The violence is tame with a little blood splashing and stabbing at the end. <br /> <br /> Low budget doesn't start to explain the five Across the Eyes with a budget that should be around $ 4,000. This is easy. One of the lowest budget movies ever released. Two vans in this movie are owned by members of the building and that is the overall budget. The performance was terrible by the main actors. I just hated fake things that screamed and screamed that didn't convince. <br /> <br /> Five Across the Eyes will go down one by one. The worst movie I have ever seen and I have seen a few movies whenever someone asks me if the worst movie I have ever seen Five Across the Eyes will definitely be mentioned. I hate all aspects & miserable moments.
