I'm stunned, right, right. I'm really caught here. There is no way I will find it scary. But on the other hand, it was a frustrating experience in the horrible, frightening and gloomy connection. The idea behind cutting the least expensive indie production is not bad. But it was messy, confused and ultimately did nothing for me It is not expert and simple. It wants to take advantage of the reason and do that in a fast fashion style shooting style. We have a documentary camera (mobile) that moves everywhere. (Even if not leaving the van) and sometimes feel uncomfortable and blurry, make some details difficult to understand. Recently, you will be familiar with it. But there are times when it becomes distracting and boring. Keeping will help. The context has a little foundation. (With five teenage girls traveling home from a football game late at night and disappearing on the back road at a roadside shop, they were involved in a minor accident that caused the SUV's headlights to be empty And not too long for a single SUV to appear behind them soon will make that night a memorable pain without knowing it). Spend most of the time playing cat games with Moe. Cats and noisy <br /> <br /> disturb you? I guess that depends on Some times can make you struggling with pain, despair and ruthless brutality (by using a good punching FX that seems to be more popular than images and not forgetting the background effect). But I found that. In the pathway, it can be expelled and violent with gradual runs. But unbelievable Random character injuries are not as serious as you believe. See how the blood flows freely. But it's totally unbelievable and boring Continuing to chase a nocturnal car can do a lot before it gets repeated. We screamed, bleed, rushed, cursed body fluids and others. The details were quite unpleasant, followed by actually doing it. It needed a stronger chapter than the compulsory script that was written There are many cringe moments that happen and there is not much in depth for the characters and situations in which they come. It is about setting, waiting for the next encounter, torture and it pulls it out long enough. Help. It has unpredictable patterns. <br /> <br /> Performances; Jennifer Barnett, Angela Brenda, Daniel Lily, Sandra Paduch and Mia Yi are workers with hopeful characters and draw real chemistry to compensate for the weaknesses of Script in the foundation of the character What is the intensity of Veronica Garcia's reversible error while a stupid SUV driver? Yes something Her character has a real motivation to scare the girl and her unstable mental state is almost non-existent. I think that psychosis is good enough. Now the most shocking thing I have ever seen in the feature is the awesome soundtrack. Terrible techno music for the wonderful hard rock and the overload rating. Never felt too much or blocked the way But it stretched out like a sore thumb. Greg Swinson and co-director Ryan Thiessen tried to take advantage of the little resources to maximize their benefits. Maybe it's fun to do. But watching it is not the case
