Watching the truth about love (Is this a double participant about the star?) It is like plugging in white noise or the sound of water produced to help you sleep - you put it into the DVD slot because nothing is left on the rack. store Want distraction after a busy day And it works for that purpose: being a British romantic comedian, it's more than <br /> <br /> This story is a simple story about Alice's wife. (Jennifer Love Hewitt) is married to a more distant husband, Sam (Jimi Mistry), who has put their love life on hold because of the burden of following his busy laws. His partner, Archie (Dougray Scott), likes Sam and Alice. But it has attracted a long time Alice's friendship Alice talks to her sister Felicity (Kate Miles), who supports free love. On Valentine's Day, after drinking with her sister, Alice sent a card to Sam, signed 'Anonymous' as a test to see if Sam responded to his honest test or not. At the same time, Archie sends almond lettuce seeds to Alice, in which he inscribes an unseen love. Both have feelings after posting in reality. In fact, Sam is spending time with Katya lovers (Branka Katic) and cheating on Alice. Alice is assigned a job with Sam via email and phone and plans to meet Sam by disguising himself as 'anonymous' to test. His honesty All the characters are trapped in stupid puzzles and endings, proving that true love must be based on the truth and the results from various matches are a surprise of Pui script < br /> <br >> British comedies work because of the quality of the writing and the quality of the limited performances. Perhaps director John Hay chose to play as an English actor as Alice instead of Wa Fake accent, Jennifer Love Hewitt's results could be improved. But in the end, this story by Peter Bloore bounces between humorous and pathetic humor in the text. One of the most distracting things is that the music score is so loud that it covers all conversations and intrusions. There are beautiful scenes of London and humor for a moment. But in the end, this little movie was best used as a soundtrack / white noise. Grady Harp
