The story follows: The little girl in Katie. (Jessica Simpson) decided to visit her boyfriend in a big city. When she arrived, she discovered that he was not as honest as he should be. Katie ended up in an adventure in New York. Replenishment as a bike messenger is a funny and charming accident. She fell into a hole in the ground and met Ben (Luke Wilson), a charming man. It's not love at first sight, at least for her. But fate with Ben will not give up easily. Being "just" a little girl in the city and blondes, two evil executives at the construction company decide she is the perfect scapegoat for a clever plan. their The misunderstanding caused by the hilarious and sad results However, this is one of the blonde girls who will not lie down! <br /> <br /> The people who were judged in this movie will soon be proven wrong. The jokes are confident and appropriate and the stories are well developed. The relationship between Katie and Ben feels so natural that Godard makes everything a shame. Jessica Simpson, who is surprisingly versatile, once again with only the strongest role she can pull out. Simpson is really Marilyn Monroe in our time. (There is even one scene that honors her!) She adjusts the balance between weakness and speed. Katie shows us that you can't judge a book from the cover! Luke Wilson is as charming as ever. Although he was covered with fertilizer, that man was attractive as anyone. His soft touch, his eyes, his dog, his puppy and how to put it back is difficult to resist. Andy Dick plays as he was born to play, one of the two brutal executives. He couldn't evaluate too low. The strength of acting is in his restraint. It's amazing because most actors will run away with it and play with cheap laughter. Not this guy! <br /> <br /> In summary, director Scott Marshall has created a comical and hilarious comedy that is often defined as a classic alongside movie masterpieces like Epic Movie and Norbit would like to admire everyone involved in this story, especially Jessica Simpson. Your sincere smile and laughter will make even the most grueling person to be smiling. You might be strong But you're not a strong person! Warmly recommended to anyone who wants to sweep their feet and see a romantic comedy that once felt honest. Thank you for this movie! Oh, and the soundtrack! <br /> <br /> Now if you haven't received it yet I'm taunting 1/10
