It is common for movies about oppression to be muted in style and tone. However, there is a difference between using restraint and encouragement to the audience among the members of "The Secret Lives of Dentists" starring Campbell Scott and Hope Davis, director Alan Hole. Dolph plays as close to the shirt as possible. The result is this movie. <br /> <br /> Scott gives good results in the role of David Hearst, a dentist. One person who married another dentist (Dew A) Rudolf created a dynamic of their relationship quickly - he was completely absorbed in the daily duties of being a parent, she quietly indifferent to the horrors of life for them. His wife and another man From this point, the film will emphasize whether David will face Dana, his wife, or not about possible adultery, whether or not she will beat him to punch and leave. Sometimes David will be visited by "friends" in the form of former patients played by Denise Larry. (Borrowed from Brad Pitt, Tyler Denden in "Fight Club") <br /> <br /> While there is uncertainty about Dana's infidelity and David's uncertainty in check But two-thirds of this film is empty in the matter of lectures or lectures But Rudolf created a drama from a disgusting fever which traveled slowly through the Hearst family, resulting in a pointless hospital visit at the climax of the movie. The film never raises suggestions for what David really has, if he is not dedicated to his family. It doesn't take much time to look at Dana's awesome balance between her family life and others. Fulfilling her ambition <br /> <br /> By choosing to spend most of the time Of the movie that concerns fever The momentum of his film When the fifth member of the family shows horror and horror, this film shows the great performance of Scotland. David and Dana ended their steps again and again until the end of the drama. When nothing was added in the last hour, the conclusion seemed awkward and resolved. "Dentist's secret" uses a common theme and does nothing to improve it. Overall, the movie is disappointing and unimaginable.
