Yes, I know. You are shaking with excitement. * The dentist's secret * will not cause you to lose expectations: It is made stiff. It involves the story of a spouse that happens to be a dentist and who has the same practice. (There is a formula for the problem: if not because of our separate working life, we all have to separate our spouses from the real irritation.) Campbell Scott, whose mustache and manners do not remember everyone as much. Flanders from * The Simpsons * is a gentle, husbands husband, uber-Dad, and Hope Davis is a weary housewife. One night while his father and daughter join Davis' performance, he discovers that His wife She's just upset over the song: he saw his wife kissing and flirting with the director of the opera. (One good touch: we never saw the opera director) fearing that there would be legal action to separate divorce and trial - making a profit for the lawyer only - Scott chose to pretend. Don't know about his wife. Br /> <br /> Now, the knowledge of you is starting to yawn: ho-hum, another story about Pathetic, Snucking Little Cuckold, but Rudolph, who brought the story from Jensemile Novella hope to receive Compensating the integrity of the content by a flashy and postmodern touch set For example, one of Scott's war patients (Denise Leary, who maintains - and receives blessings - checks) will later become the sort of imagination of the dentist that appears as a supporter. Devil-on-the-shoulder Male virtues ("Dump the b --- h!" Etc.) When not getting the attention of a new friend in his imagination, Scott also suffers from the imagination that includes his wife. Three-way method with two dental assistants working in their training Not too far to say that this movie is * Eyes Wide Shut * for real people (or at least adults) along those lines. Campbell Scott and Hope Davis are definitely human beings compared to the Glamourpuss pair of Cruise and Kidman. In addition, the script for * Secret Lives * is more relevant than Kubrick's. As evidence, I present a picture of a dentist, especially the youngest, about 3 or 4 years old. The main thing is "Father! father! father! Father! "This is a family life. Okay, along with its charm. <br /> <br /> This movie will make two interesting charges with * Kramer vs. Kramer * as well. American males easily between 1979 and 2003. In this film, Dad is a housewife like in * Kramer *, but he has never played a role in the country, absolutely unlike Dustin Hoffman making bread. At The Scott Plumb was a chore such as cooking, cleaning, wipe the vomit of taking the kids to after-school activities that are not active on the docket. And all without complaints (And without direct explanation, it was just allowed) <br /> <br /> This film has the most virtues related to the truth. However, it was dragged down by greatness by insisting on a trendy distraction, which culminated in a long scene where the five-day terrible stomach flu made the household round. We have to endure the pointless fantasy sequence, which was initiated by Leary ringleader in the imagination. On the other hand, the existence of one person reminds Brad Pitt's character in * Fight Club * and eventually this cause The other great flaw of this film is the lack of initiative. In this review, I know it's too easy to reference many other movies. Actually, this movie is their most development, but still. * The dentist's secret * is worth watching. But don't be too excited (Not that you are all excited. I guess)
