Obviously, there were no previous examiners who most admired the film for the accuracy of reading the true biography of Louis Pasteur. The most obvious inaccuracies were in the relationship between Pasteur. And Napoleon III, a bad light while away from admirable characters. He is an incompetent politician and "A genius soldier" who was appointed by himself, which allowed France to be dragged into a catastrophic war. He was not a foolish activist. He has a clever interest in science and, like everyone else in the 19th century, sees a bright future because of the improvements that will be taken by Pasteur Pasteur. He is a patron, built a laboratory and provided all the resources As he wanted for his research while the lab was under construction, Pasteur became very ill. The government officials decided that it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for people who would soon die. When The emperor heard about this evil, shook his bureaucratic system so that there was a flurry of buck-passes and immediately returned to work. Will take The members of his court admired Pasteur's project and everyone clearly saw Pasteur as one of the emperors' favorites. The main concern of the emperor about the emperor was that Napoleon thought Pasteur was a miracle. Workers who can do almost anything and continuously assign him to work. In addition to his past experiences, Patterson, a very humble man, always protests. But Napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him. Often, they often have close and friendly relationships, and after the Emperor is overthrown, Pasteur refuses to say bad words about him. Thank you for his last life. <br /> <br /> Part about him The daughter had a baby and Pasteur sacrificed his principles to get a doctor. Never happened, partly about the plague and rabies, which he had a reputation for in general. But the idea that the epidemic experiment raised him from confusion for fame False. He is famous and respected at the time of this event. This film is normal from an amazing standpoint.
