What is a shame is "gold coins". I want to like the film lovers who are against this and in fact find that there are many powerful resonance moments. Sadly, there were not many of those moments. While I am grateful for what Calson tried, but any advantage gained from bare bones, there was no filming of a budget that had been destroyed with a truly cruel remedy that could not benefit the movie. > <br /> Budget cinema (And a large budget) Gold coins have a remarkably bad performance that is almost painful to watch. In particular, Linda and the young "straight" couple are the two worst-written characters that almost have nothing to do with the story. The performance was so glamorous and both actors were unable to resist smiling or cracking while they left their line with lack of awesome skills. The lack of corrections almost gives the impression that these roles are free. In any way and was left to avoid movies created in the form of gay movies It would have been better. <br /> <br /> Everything that happened to it had many performances that seemed to capture what Calson had hoped for, especially the story centered on Bob and Tim. These are the two most attracting characters and the most rewarding, with truly captivating performances by Nicholas T. King (Bob) and David Zelinas (Tim). Tim is a serious problem fighter. The remarkable low self-esteem was revealed by the cartoon almost like the arrogance he wears like armor coating. Obsessed with the terrifying Tim Bob But it was creepy in the end, followed by a boxer in the classic cat and mouse fashion When the table is rotated and hunters become hunters, the result is only one movie. In difficult movies (That is a compliment) One character must have an open revelation. (Or details as the case proves here) and the final confrontation between Bob and Tim giving Zelinas and Raja the opportunity to show the real performance. <br /> <br /> played by Scott Stepp and Derris Nile, Tony And Danny seems to be the focus of the film and despite their brave moments (Including one truly disturbing scene, revealing the passion for sex / violence), but it seems that they are unable to escape from a cartoon-like plot and it's hard to look at - or beyond one symphony note Of them that appear to appear and find things other than that clearly. <br /> <br /> Can (and should) use it to tell this story in a better way. Alas, there is still nothing not enough to suggest this thing. The performances of Messrs King and Zelinas offer something special and a glimpse of what might have been and worth it to be seen in the end.
