So it comes to this story really? Do we allow adults to blame the next generation of cinemas that lack cinema understanding and the ability of celluloid? About Wayans and Co. latest images from animation; Little man. United Kingdom PG (parental guidance) Everyone under the age of twelve must be accompanied by a responsible adult. Films that are certified are the best things that can be obtained. Developed in the worst case of discouragement due to cigarettes of the 1950s. <br /> <br /> A younger audience of twelve people here, some of whom did not grow up to look after. Fully sit The manual that came obediently put all oblivious to their subject. At least too In general, movies can do better than bad efforts, while this nonsense makes them come in while they are young and fresh. The greatest fear for the future of movies is ignorance of children. Cinema pleasure deserves more than this and grows steadily and in the true sense as well. This cash cow audience obviously feeds in a pleasant mind. Over the mind of a young /> <br /> There is no experience in the theater <br film. It is not surprising that opening the eyes does not respect the magic of the movie. There is nothing but confusion and disdain for the lack of originality and delivery of ideas, less than the boredom and mockery of everything that is ultimately wrong with Hollywood machines for the benefit of Fast The audience of favorite movies of devastating movies. <br /> <br /> Will this be like Hitchcock, Fassbinder, Leone, Kubrick and Schaffner? The money they like, no doubt there is But the ability and abundance for perfection and quality and at a vast level, respect for their profession and audience, they never stop We once again saw the work of Wayans clinging to bad taste again, while White Chicks (2004) had no doubt stabbed the American society. The irony here is that the two protagonists were once again played by the Wayans brothers as a spy, so that all perceptions did not exist, making the film better as well, and as an actor Terry Crews that gave the cast a white identity and personality. It's not Wayans. <br /> <br /> But again, with the pastiche of the movie. Blaxploitation in the 1970s as well as the 1988 movie I'm Gonna Git You Sucka. This can be seen as a joke. And very comical movies such as Isaac Hayes, Jim Brown, Bernie Casey and the beautiful actress Ja'net Du Bois. The point is that a small man doesn't have any personality at all. He is superficial and narcissistic without appreciation. Or appreciate the value of his followers, he dives quickly in using your money and before we realize that he is hiding inside Cogs of trade There is no known effort in which our money is used after Scary Movie (2000). Things can happen, but they don't do it. There is no reflection of great artistic value and no doubt. that The next movie of the moguls will go straight to the video. We only hope. <br /> <br /> Wayans seem to create a movie genre all by themselves to some degree. They ridden the parody of this film until death. They drank water on all roads and had an inevitable style. They slowly destroyed the reputation of one hundred years ago at the cinema, giving us ghosts in the movie may have passed very lowly in their judgment as their growing audience until now seems to be Occurs when the bubble bursts. They may also understand
