[With spoilers !!!] <br /> <br /> Timon and Pumba are watching The Lion King. Timon decides to go back before starting when the story begins. So they returned back. Go back before the lion was born. Go back to Timon's old home, which is miles from Pride Rock. Many groups of meerkats dig underground to hide from hyenas. The worst digger in the group is the miraculous and impersonal center of Timon. His mother pity him. But Uncle Max shook his head. My mother suggested to put Timon on duty when Timon had a dream that there would be bigger and better. Suddenly, Hyena, Shane C. Bonsai and Ed arrive and almost kill the poor Max uncle. It is Meerkat. Others want Timon to leave while Tim takes it away. So he kissed his mother's ass and began to travel. He wasn't very far before he started to miss homes. Then he met Rafi, who taught him to look beyond what he saw. Timon has no clue what that means, so he continues and meets with a priest named Pamba who is alone because of flatulence. Timon and Pumbaa join but Timon announces to the acquaintances more than friends. < br /> <br /> Soon they came to Pride Rock, where zebras, zebras, antelope, wild animals, rhinoceros, giraffes, elephants and many other animals gathered. What happened? Timon was not interested in them. Then, Timon saw Rafiki on the top of Pride Rock, floating into the air, something he couldn't see. Suddenly all the animals bowed. Is this an honor for the birth of a new king? Not crazy through gas and animals are bent to close the nose. Timon and Pamba try to choose a new home. But each one is uncomfortable due to singing or incessant hyenas or the rupture of large wildlife! Suddenly, Pumbaa and Timon found themselves heading towards the river. When they reached the land, Timon decided to give up. But after that they stared around the newly discovered paradise. It was very beautiful: trees and cascades fell as far as the eyes would see Timon named after the strange phrases he learned from Rafiki: Hakuna Matata. Timon and Pumba went out to play bowling for the vulture one afternoon when they suddenly ran to the lion. They took him under the wing and became a father. They taught the art of insect eating and competition. Soon, the teenager Simba joined the Timon contest in the snail contest. The lion was rewarded by leaving Timon to die terribly. <br /> <br /> Then one day, Nala's Lion's childhood friend came to Timon and Pumbaa just knew she wanted to break up friendship. Suddenly the lion ran away. Nala and Pamba race to pursue him. But not Timon He chose to stay at "Hakuna Matata" by himself until Rafiki "talked" some feelings to him, so he joined his friend at Pride Rock. Timon's mother and Uncle Max arrived. While the lion fights against the scar, Mother and Max dig a large hole to trap hyenas, Shenzi, Bonzai and Ed in. It works well. Soon the scars were thrown into the same hole in which he was swallowed by hyenas. Then all is well His mother, Uncle Max and Meerkat, left with Timon and Pamba in Heaven at Hakuna Matata. Back to the present, Timon and Pumba ended the movie. When Mum Uncle Max Simba and Raphiki wanted to watch again, Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, Snow White, the seven dwarfs, Dumbo, Peter Pan, the lost boy, Mad Hatter, Marsh Hair, Mara, Mara, and Jasmine <br /> <br /> Must say The Lion King 1 1/2 is not as good as I had hoped. It's ridiculous and too ridiculous. The original Lion King is a masterpiece. It has a serious story about the light comedies thrown in. This story is stupid and makes the audience mock. I swear. Sometimes Timon and Pumbaa also expressed dissatisfaction as well. They overplayed to the point of not being funny anymore. The original voice came back again: Nathan Lane like Timon, Ernie Sabella as Pumbaa, Matthew Broddrick as Adult Simba, Whoopi Goldberg as Shenzi, Cheech Marin as Bonzai, Jim Cummings as Ed, Robert Guillame as Rafiki. The new thing for the actor is Julie. Kavner from The Simpsons series, which has long worked on the TV series The Simpsons as Timon's mother and Jerry Stiller as Uncle Max. So this movie is not The Lion King III and not II because there is already II. Where I am and the second part How far away So it is 1 1/2. In conclusion, I do not recommend doing this for Lion Lion fans to die hard because it's too ridiculous and innocent. However, children will love it so I recommend them. I hope this will be the second movie LAST Lion King is enough. "Lion King 1 1/2" What we expect from Disney sequel creator <br /> <br />
