The director and his team headed to the separate Beal mansion to create an economical horror film about the seven mysterious deaths of the Beal family that happened there in the last century. Even with warnings from carers, the director didn't care about the cursed house. One crew found a Tibetan book, the book of death, and used some text from their books. But in doing so, when the red they lifted out of their graves, <br /> <br /> It's boring, confusing, and tastes all that rolls into one, just like the production of this midnight horror. Things that feel like eternity, it never seems to go or show anything that is effective from reasonably good ideas. Although Paul Harrison's director is a boastful person But the tense direction creates a surprisingly double and upset scene But laziness makes it fast The whole movie in the movie structure spends most of the time in the movie and at this time, a little bit of things that aren't interesting, not fun There are more older actors. However, I found that "Seven Corpses" was inferior to the previous script. There were many interesting things before it became boring, predictable and there were many unsuccessful possibilities. The cheap foundation associated with limited scenes doesn't help anything as well. But the dark appearance of the mansion has creepy weather. The well-known b-cast performances are essentially strong. John Carradine in most small parts lurks about John Ireland plays as a summer director. The actress cleans the face of Faith Domergue, demands attention, and Charles Macaulay hams it up. The slow crushing place is crossed between "Ten Little Indians" and the usual zombies setting your However, not all things will be involved, despite the mystery and the supernatural edge. Even they acted in something in the cemetery. When gobbling rotten makes its appearance? Finally, but it's a bit late It will be a little better if very confused. As well as being open to inspiration. The ending is a delicious rhythm. If not good, in the meantime, will drag continuously. The continuity in many scenes has happened that doesn't exist and the scene of death is more exciting and brutal. (But was incredibly executed) in the movies they were doing General music scores cringe with its shakyness. But the straightforward gothic cues and camera work were mildly staged without imagination. Take a picture and frame Take a picture and complete the frame.
