This is the type of movie that actually hurts to accept that it's actually really bad. Normally I will purify these things! In the early 70s, the stone mill would be dabbed with beautiful sounds and an inexpensive atmosphere, often a ROCK. "House of Seven Corpses" seemed to get rid of more sculptures because the characters were a good set of veterans (including To John Carradine, John Ireland and Faith Domergue) and filming locations Worthy for the horrible matter of fear This film was launched with the greatest and most memorable sequence. But sad enough to be a movie with such qualities Credits are a great photo montage, with strange color effects and creepy frozen frames which show that the home has a reputation for being famous. The last seven owners are mysteriously murdered here, and the montage credits congratulate their last moments. Some people fell on the balcony, screaming, a young woman drowned in the bathtub, and another woman hung hanging from the ceiling and another four tables were disgusting. There is no need to say that the house is cursed and the awkward behavior of Mr. Price (Carradine), the celebrity administrator. In other words, this house is the perfect lawn for director Eric Hartman (John Ireland) to film Satan's horror film project. The structure within the film is what makes the "House of Seven Corpses" the most boring and free of events. Many movie materials have been lost to the crew members who put the film spool on the camera and drag around the cable? Faith Domergue and Charles Macaulay show the image of an horrendous actor. Finally, the plot will get a little attention. (A little you) when a character reads some lines from a mysterious book and accidentally causes the corpse to rot in the backyard Asthmatic (Judging by the sound he created). Zombies slowly head to the house and kill all the movie crew members, warning that the previous seven people have become corpses. After spending about 60 minutes, this movie turns from humbling to a strange and confusing story. I am still not sure whether the final rotation is related to the concept of reincarnation or coincidence, and all the remaining characters seem to have received many mental changes before they die for some reason. I really regret that confirming "House of Seven Corpses" is a terrifying movie. The place and the scenery were cold. But not even full of talent and horrific bloodshed. The 70s budget with a low budget has a remarkable gross income, so the lack of financial methods has no excuse and internal murder. Movies do not count. Even the most trusted veteran actor still sent the humming performances and Harrison's direction was not completely received. It is not recommended unless you think that cutting off the opening credits for the excellent four and a half minutes is worth the effort to buy a copy.
