Dream Girls, despite Tony being the winner of an incredibly weak year in Broadway, never had anyone called the jewel in the crown of the stage. However, that is not to say that in the hands of the right movie, it cannot nourish and refine it into something worthwhile on the screen. Unfortunately, the transfer to the screen is a pitiful honest version of the hit process with all its inherent weaknesses. First, the score was never one of the strengths of this production and the film didn't change that factor. There were many songs (maybe too much) but only a few songs that were especially memorable The closest ear to music is the title song and One Night Only - the famous song, and I tell you that I am not a better song than this song for Jennifer Hudson. The film is smooth and has good technique. But the story and the characters are thin and surprising and lack any resonance. Interested in the opening moment, Svengali's manager - like Fox's Foxx manages his actions above But using the back seat in the back part of the movie when the story tries to make him a villain, even if it's convenient He is right from the business standpoint for most good movies. Beyonce Knowles is cute and sings her perfectly. But stuck with the characters that sparkle the surface. Anika Noni Rose, as the third member of the three girls, Dreamgirls truly has nothing to do for the entire movie. Eddie Murphy acknowledged himself as a singer based on James Brown. But this chapter does not have a particular texture and has the least impact Foxx seems to be an actor. But he withdrew and was boring The biggest selling point of this film is the former American Idol contest winner / Oscar winner Jennifer Hudson in the role of the temperamental singer Singer Effie. From the group For me, Effie is a big problem both in acting and movies. Obviously, this movie wants you to feel sorry for you and would rather take you. But I'm not sure that this character deserves loyalty. From the beginning, Effie made himself mostly ugly, insulting himself as the singer's center, with an interest in what others could do for her, rather than being interested in the group she was part of. When she was booted from the group for her professionalism and bad attitude, the cost was more than well established. But the stage performance / film seems to think that Effie should be dropped without limitation because she has a voice. Although the movie tries to weaken the stronger edge of Effie to make her more pleasing, the cost still exists. Her story changed more by suggesting that she should continue to sympathize because she was an unmarried mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the meaning that mother (Such as a special ability card) makes the behavior immediately raise The only big effort that this film showed to be Effie's mother was to tell us about it, including the scene in which she barked on her daughter in the unemployment office. That there is "no father" employment to support them since singing is something she knows In the hands of talented actors, spaces may be modified with special techniques and abilities. Unfortunately, Hudson is not the actress. She sings well But the time spent using the conversation did not happen to herself Effie's unique moments (Such numbers and I'm telling you ... numbers) are songs that Hudson sang But the mood is flat in the acting department Effie should show anger and despair in her situation. But Hudson came out as a cabaret actor In conclusion, it is not the emotional highlight that we expect. The back of the film is an event that can be predicted to change Foxx to Hudson's previous position and allow her to step inside and own it above everyone. Fox's crime in this movie is undoubtedly a matter for many record makers who have struggled. But this movie seems to have meaning because he helped bring in a disgusting disco era, not to mention The movie has the whole depth of the pool. The result is an honest performance on stage, venting emotions, energy or whatever can be described as dynamic.
