Before I begin, I want to briefly say that this movie in and of myself is very well done and performed well by everyone involved, including Whittaker, who deserves his nomination. It is highly entertaining and .. in the right context that is the work of FICTION. It is a very good movie. For that thing, I gave two stars. <br /> <br /> However, instead of wasting time on what you can read hundreds of times, I want to instead point out the character of this movie. The danger is selling the work of the novel as if it were true. I emphasize that this movie has no place in the credit that makes us know that the main character is Dr. Nicholas Carrigan is the perfect novel But it presents this character in a true historical setting and allows the viewer to not know that he is real and what they see is the truth I have no problem with the mix of truth and fiction - but doing so in untrustworthy stories is a nasty word. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that Africa, along with the third world big Countries are rich in human misery and suffering. Hollywood tries to capture the suffering of people in these countries for a long time in movies. But Hollywood has an eye for money making. The only true way to capture the suffering that seems to happen anywhere. But the Western world is touching it on your own, or at least being recorded in a faithful documentary. <br /> <br /> In true historical settings, you can do a lot. At the end of the day, they will rarely present facts for the audience to make their own decisions and more about bringing you from one image to another and impacting you above the head that screams, "Look at the semen sample. This can be found by everyone willing to watch the documentary on the DVD after sitting through the movie. The most shocking content of this film is watching the body of Kay Amin, Idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity. In this film, we saw that her limbs were cut and stuck back. (Arms for legs and vice versa) This is a director who makes sure that you understand that Amin is what the Gungans say Bom-bad! But watching the documentary, we learn that in reality there is nothing more than a legend that the Minister of Public Health at that time said was not true. <br /> <br /> So .. What ... are they? Just do these things? Why? Because Hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! They do not trust us to correctly summarize themselves. Seeing that she was killed and the pieces were in us enough to conclude that Amin was not the cute person he showed in the media - we don't want Texas. This CHAINSAW MASSACRE is strong. Inspire to supplement! And this is just the tip of the iceberg What has not been explained to the general audience is Garrigan, a fictional character. There is no Scottish doctor who is under the Amin wing. In this way, Garigan clearly presents for the sake of helping us stupid westerners understand the African world. Producers seem to be things that we are not interested in movies about Africa unless there is a white face in it. (Ironically, even the character with the image of an American black actor!) The problem with this is that the film does not contain Amin's revelations and his regime anymore. But instead of the creator of the thriller For the wrong reasons, causing many terrible errors and then "redeeming" himself, even having died three other innocent people Honestly, I must say that it is almost disgusting to suggest that Amin's true tragic death was the result of a meeting with a Scottish doctor wearing - it almost became a joke. Unusual for entertainment! I want Hollywood to stop us around for our money. The first time I realized the inclination to do this with distortion. A BEAUTIFUL MIND, Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman. The sweet adaptation of John Nash's life, which erased the dark side of mankind to present the tortured hero in America. can be done Get enough The sad truth is that Hollywood has sold these counterfeits to us for many years, and viewers who are lazy or unpredictable to check on their own and understand themselves buying fake goods. Picture hook line and sinker <br /> <br /> Look, I don't recommend Amin to turn into a villain that he is not. My point is, with the shocking truth to convince us of human cruelty, why should Hollywood go to the length of the characters? Why should Hollywood continue to look down on us by holding our hands through these movies? Why don't they trust us to think for ourselves! We don't just put honest pictures on the screen and let the audience decide for themselves? I urge everyone who continues to watch Hollywood's "real" movies to make themselves always good for checking on their own and never thinking that what is on that screen. Close to the truth!
