The Forest Whitaker performance is very impressive for making it worthwhile to watch the wreck of this ship. "Historical Fiction" does not change history The absurdity started from the ground with the leading characters in the fantasy role played by James McAvoy in creating fictional observers for the purpose of connecting readers in this book. It is a sad story that white people cannot. Read books without a white protagonist connecting. But at least he was placed in a hidden role, creating a fake historical actor and crediting this novel by revealing Amin to that world is irresponsible, lazy and foolish. Not being able to do this creation that is believable or conscious is just a crime and opens the door for the movie, as they plan to do with Leonardo DiCaprio as a brave Enron whistle that never existed. The logic of the world is not used in this film that some Scottish children think it's okay to sleep with the dictator's wife. It does not apply to the dictator's wife desiring to sleep with a white man who is not responsible. For that, everyone went to bed with this thin, irresponsible and arrogant man. He also had Gillian Anderson licking her chops. <br /> <br /> Let me announce. that I'm not sure it's about him, but I think Mr. Tumnus in his Narnia is creepy and angry. I think Kerry Washington will not look at him twice, so I don't want to believe that the wife of a powerful dangerous man like Amin will risk and lose her life instead of him. I do not believe that he is a doctor and I do not see the appeal. His character seems to have more arrogance than being reasonable and trying to make him look like a bad person in the shooting. The cow is just ... There is another saying ... ridiculous. Think you're watching these characters. This bend into knots to support the unbelievable main character and never have a man like this before. <br /> <br /> Gillian Anderson looks incredible and listens to English more than the British people. Large. Whitaker The powerful magnetic fantastic and highlighted in a speech before Oscar could not understand that he represents much. It's a shame that the movies around him have no reason to exist.
