Agree, I agree once again that I have not seen other Merchant Ivory (distributors) movies. I have not seen the director's famous work, so my ability to talk before the rain falls outside of the analysis of The film itself has subside. With the permission to start, <br /> <br /> Before the rain is a different type of movie that doesn't know what type it wants. At first it pretended to love. In most love, the protagonists fell in love with the supporting characters, separated from the supporting characters and sometimes combined with his or her partner. The hero of this film wins the heart of his lover but cannot be with her. His name is Henry Moores and her name is Sajani and they live in southern India during the Rajasthan's day. (British rulers) Henry stayed away from London for a long time and fell in love with his married Indian girl, despite legal marriage and children abroad. What better way? They often secretly fled to the close of the afternoon until some children noticed them. Word spread to Sajani's husband, who questioned her involvement with Moores. She refused any contact with him, but Moores Sajani refused because she sacrificed herself and committed suicide. Please note that these events occurred during the third launch of the movie. This film changed the tone and became a crime drama in the last part. <br /> <br /> Sajani's body was discovered correctly when Moores's family visited. The alleged offender is Moores T.K. English education assistant. T.K. knows the story of his boss. But kept quiet until his life was threatened When he was declared innocent, he tried to be honored by killing Moores. TK was nauseous and let him stay in the dirty path when it rained. <br /> <br /> I want to remind you. That this is not a romantic movie DVD covers and drama posters show Indian women and Caucasian men embracing the tropical atmosphere. This image was captured directly from the opening of the movie. But quickly disappeared So it is over Looks like trying to take advantage of the freeze in the forbidden love. It's not effective at all, not just a movie that isn't love. But is a character that lacks personality They are a group of ancient ideas that walked Moores, an arrogant white man who didn't know the wisdom of an Indian friend. TKTK was torn between his legacy and his educational background. Sajani was a woman who couldn't have a way. Choose in her romantic life Oh, and of course, Moores's family had a curiosity about Sajani's death, but still had racist racism towards the Indian people. If the tone is not serious, I would be happy to overlook these problems. But it is not This film is presented with a teaching-oriented ringing tone that emphasizes poor character development. <br /> <br /> No, this movie isn't bad. In addition to the laughing script, it wasn't bad. All actors have experience and work well here. Nandita Das, who plays Sajani, is part of the great drama drama of India. Even the Sivan director has an impressive resume. Recently, he oversaw the lamentation that was part of Roger Ebert's "Great Movies" series. What happened here? Why is this movie so bad? Sivan talks about how he was inspired to direct this film, because in the short term he saw in Israel it was called Red Rovers. Obviously, the story was "timeless" and Sivan tried to create a similar experience in the 1930s of India. I had no problems with this method, but I think Sivan might get too much inspiration in This time Film actors and scene designs are accepted. But if you don't share the Sivan's aura, you may not enjoy it. My advice is that you think you are not consistent with him and see something else. Final consensus: * and ½ from *****
