I can understand after watching this thing again for the first time in many years, being one of the worst laurels and hardy. For me, it's not as bad as "Air Raid Wardens" and "The Bullfighters" but there are some obvious flaws in it. The movie was created to show Laurel and Hardy as the owner and instructor of the dance studio. Hardy is a joke as the leader of the "London Bridge" dance that is surrounded by 20th century fox stars. While in the next room, Laurel teaches ballet starting while wearing a ballerina dress. The clumsy carpenter, six glue on the floor, leads to a predictable gag which Hardy becomes a loser. Then the fraudsters now sell insurance covering their racquet protection. One of them is Robert Mitchum, who is very young and handsome. But soon they bullyed the children to buy insurance. They were arrested. <br /> <br /> This is the end of the gangsters and the last time we saw a dance studio. The rest of the film was dedicated to Laurel and Hardy, supporting patrons Trudy Marshall and Robert Bailey, her inventor's girlfriend. They try to help hide the relationship from her disagreeing parents. (Matt Briggs and Margaret Dumont) and Allan Lane's fans who we can immediately tell are bad pigs. This leads to Briggs' hidden bar, which is revealed to be drunk and tea, which is a carpet that is drawn from the wealthy elders who hit his bed in the pool below. When Bailey used a boy to help show his ray gun The dead butler announced to Case and Dumont that their house was being burned. <br /> <br /> Later, Hardy wanted to use an insurance policy to raise money to pay for their dance studio. There is no reference to the fact that insurance salesmen are gangsters and that policy may not be accurate. (Although they became legal insurance salesmen after being arrested, their license will be revoked) Laurel ended up taking a bus where the driver left with a mad dog. (Only the ice shell covered the cake that ate Toto looks the same, or it may be a real dog), causing Oliver to end up on a large roller beach - a roller coaster at the bus parked on it and then complete the wheel to the rail. Roller coasters may be exciting as evidenced by "Abbott and Costello go to Hollywood" and this is funny. But against loss <br /> <br /> When the story ends Pointing to the impression that this is just a set of one-reel combinations to give you the full length features, hoping to be part of the double charge. L&H, as I mentioned in other reviews about movies Their subsequent story has lost a lot of luster after leaving Hal Roach's work, but surprisingly here they don't look old and tired as in the movie of the year. The big joke is not funny, just like the case of the other films, this will be their first "2" compared to "3".
