This film uses all home art clichés (slow pace, constant shock, long, minimum number of conversations) to try to hide the fact that there is nothing to see here: no plot to talk about, characters Boring (lead woman) or cliché (the character of Tersteeghe) and they never talk about anything related to their worthless life This film is centered on a woman who knows about her husband's adultery. Instead of confronting her, she was heartless, revenge by being unfaithful. After the fight and reconciliation with her sister - who knew about adultery without telling her - she asked her husband to stop cheating on her. It seems that they are together as a family. The other two stories - the planned move of the elderly father of the woman and his young wife to Guernsey and the competition with the sister of the woman - did not offer any interesting development. The death of a colleague of women who seemed to start a movie event was not a matter for himself in 2005 - or any other year for this - not enough to create a movie that is worth <br /> <br /> Moreover, the little possibilities for the remarkable development that is contained in the script are not used or avoided consciously. As if both the woman and her sister mark the pieces of furniture from their father's house which will be sold because of his planned move Both sisters want this particular piece and let the opponent in the past - more important than furniture: men - in theory may lead to confrontation. Or problems can be solved by one sister giving another way Whether it is interesting or traditional development But at least some development This film makes this situation clearer. (With both brothers looking intently during marking and one sister said that she didn't want to draw a straw) but it tricked us out of any resolution: the scene ended and this way in The self is quite boring and tangible - the problem is solved, it doesn't appear. <br /> <br /> Although almost completely absent, the dialogue in the movie is flat and the blood runs out of the eye. For example, during the visit of two young sister guernseys about their competition, it was in a three-line dialogue that had a child "Yes, it - not" fight scenes and reconciliation with the sisters. 2 people are perfect without a conversation - giving an impression that is too high and unrealistic and reduces the impact Women in the end - finally! - mentioning her husband's adultery on a single line of conversation must be faithful - and at the same time completely unbelievable The husband seems to have no obvious reaction or if he has, it doesn't appear. The woman did not talk about her adultery with her husband. The scene that shows the women, their husbands and their young sons asleep on the plane. The airlines that look at the older sister may mean that they are a happy ending. But the way the characters talk about their lives in what they had done before.> <br /> Due to the slow pace, unattractive stories, the direction of leadership and the lack of absurd interactions, I found that This movie is an example of everything that might be wrong with art and wasted movies.
