Slither is a horror movie that is not scary or funny enough to have features like either. It has one very wonderful scene. There are a number of zingers that work but are very scared and not enough humor to take care of the movie. In addition, the script does not focus on the hero and heroines and go out violently in many ways. <br /> <br /> The major failure of this film is that it is recommended and then let the hero (Fillion ) Followed to give permission (Michael Rooker) while he was first introduced and then became a monster The whole part of this film - Michael Rooker's character is not interesting for us as a person and watching as he has to go through a series of movements while acting in the interest of monsters may be interesting if This is the Grant - Portrait of a Man. Become a monster instead of an alien movie. In the final analysis, the problem of this movie is in the chapter - it's not important for the audience how the monster acts or releases. The purpose of the horror movie is to make the backup hero in one corner with a shotgun, then throw a bug on them, which they cleverly break every time something terrifying or disgusting occurs But we have explored the alien habits and tactics that make this part of the movie dragged The clear heroine (Elizabeth Banks as Starla Grant) is the center of this section. But even then I felt that the film had gone out of the narrative path unless it was planned to follow Grant Grant until the end. <br /> <br /> When Phil and his troops confront A Greasy in the end, the movie starts to cook But the problem is in the script again From this point, the audience knows - and the character should know - that Grant is not just suffering from certain diseases and actions followed (shotgun) - they instead speak continuously when finding additional evidence. That this is not something You go to the hospital "is going to help, even if their reactions may be human and real. But these are characters in action movies and should do what the movie promises - delivering the lack of action scenes in movies with little thought because this is a great failure. <Br <br /> *** The spoiler ahead *** After the first encounter and the explosion of the alien larva The characters and the best scenes in the movie) The script again betrayed the movie. At this point, one of the characters that were almost dominated by aliens and developed an understanding of aliens, the author - director (Gunn) chose that this character is a completely new character instead of one. Why do secondary characters develop? Why would he want to introduce a completely new character more than an hour in the movie that became the center of the plot? When the character was attacked, we almost didn't know anything about her and ignored her even though she was a cute teenager in her bathroom. If Gunn decides not to use this character and use the little character created, he can avoid completely introducing her family and saving time and money. Moreover, the hero and heroine will be filled in the plan of the aliens without having to add all the characters and can make the aliens explode faster and more powerful. <br /> <br /> My last comment is based on The look of the movie Gunn is essentially a writer or may be a budget constraint, but this movie looks ugly and unattractive. Most actions occur at night, in the forest or on the field, and the screen looks drab. The sets in Wheelsy (the city where the action occurs) look cheap. All movies look cheap. Box Office Mojo stated the film budget of $ 15 million. The newspaper said that $ 29 million, and considering that they didn't use any name talent, I would say that the money doesn't appear on the screen. The monster is disgusting and unharmed. <br /> <br /> The final comment depends on the reality of the character's actions. By the time Fillion and Co started to find Grant / an alien, a woman had disappeared and Grant knew that the animal was destroyed. At this point, I expect the FBI or the state police to at least appear and take over from the sheriff. A woman disappeared and was killed and the local people acted as a psychopath. When to call the staff But in general, I hope that will happen because I need some characters to appear and ACT <br /> <br /> Although this movie is a horror-comedy movie, the movie has a lot of similarities. The most is the Dreamcatcher in the conditions of the evil invasion and the type of monster and its intentions. While Dreamcatcher had a bigger problem than (Especially in the Morgan Freeman sub-plan) and especially the ending, it is strong in many ways because the main character is strong But more importantly, because it looks beautiful Although that may be a curse - choose a movie that is weaker in the general plot and spine structure due to the production cost - that shows you that I don't care much about this.
