This movie made me confused. It may be that I am a stupid American, but actually I don't get 400 Blows. Everything I read about this movie is a nasty story. But I can't be interested I am sure that it is a revolution in making movies as all the critics say. But when it boils down, it is really boring. Maybe it is a language barrier. I just want not "sensitive" or "arty" enough, but whatever the case, I hate this movie. The story is not bad at all. It is about a young French boy who has been treated unfairly from his parents and teachers, and eventually he enters a place for children and youth. In itself should be interesting and it is the first time There is nothing wrong with the conversation. But after that again, it was hard to say because half of the dialogue had no description and no clear reason, so I didn't know what had happened But for conversations that we can understand, it is reasonable The actor has enough confidence. But it's hard to say what people actually do in these situations So you will feel the main character. But in the sense that when he has a problem, you think it's terrible The plot is not your general plot. Every time he has a problem, he will have more problems than last time. But the reason never changed too much And throughout the movie, you know that nothing that the main character can do So it is like waiting to see how long it will end. The ending by way of being over my head completely It is a way that is more than an art for me and I do not understand. Leading up to the end is easy to follow. The structure is definitely there and it is reasonable as well. But everything was really pulled out For the number of conversations and important moments, the movie may be shortened by one hour. It's not over yet Part of it is an unnecessary shock that has no special needs. For example, the ending is a clip of the main character running along a rural road which lasts for thirty seconds. Now I'm sure there is a deeper meaning in it. But for the average audience, I should get more food during that time. Or at least doing something more useful than watching. This boy works like washing or nap. <br /> <br /> Final verdict <br /> <br /> The whole feeling is that this may be Will be very moving and amazing and it will teach me a wonderful life lesson for me Get what the director tried to say by him ?? Unique decision As before, I just felt that I had been cheated from a good life for two hours.
