This film, also known as "Four hundred times hit" is a real misinterpretation and 400 times a year "means" to have a fierce life As a French language, I was dazed when I saw the popularity of this product. But whether it is a great movie 1. not the first movie of the movement "nouvelle vague" check Agnes Varda "la Pointe courte", (1956) Alain Resnais of "Hiroshima mon amour" (1958), Claude Chabrol's "le beau serge" (1958). History "les 400 coups" comes after 2.The "ambiguous nouvle" is sometimes boring and difficult in previous versions: overnight, Julien Duvivier, Henri-George Clouzot, Claude Autant-Lara, Yves allégret and many other people were overlooked "nouvelle ambiguous". You never heard (or read) the great version of the three (Renoir, Carné, Grémillon, Duvivier and Feyder) Scouting, Maurice Tourneur or Max Linder. So thank you to Truffaut and co. ciel de Paris "," douce "of Autant-Lara, Yves Allégret of" une si jolie petite plage "and" manèges ") go as far as saying that William Wyler, Georges Stevens and Fred Zinemann are worthless! 3. "Les 400 coups" technically is quite disappointing: it is very academic. The story is a straight line as is possible. The teacher is a caricature and the mother of Claire Maurier shows such memorable chapters. (You must be a Frenchman around 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is: your father has only his invention. (Junior high school diploma) and for me, I only have your high school diploma. You have to know that around 1960, almost 10% of students have HSD in France! Antoine Donone should be proud of her mother! Do you want him to have a certificate that can blame her? 4. Compare with the innovation of "Hiroshima mon amour" which has a new style and content. "Scattered" new "les 400 coups" significantly pales. Puffaut will specialize in a new style only with extremely superior Jules and Jim. "Help Jeanne Moreau incomparable. 5. A rather strong interpretation of Jean-Pierre. Le watch listening to the content when speaking English is still good. But soon he will deteriorate into the most affected version 6. Title = stolen childhood has a better day than before ("Poil de carotte" of Julien Duvivier, "los olvidados" of Luis Bunuel and later (Maurice Pialat "Kenneth Loach" l'enfance nue ") do not want to insult Truffaut. His movie is not bad. But frankly, French films like "Jules and Jim" like "s' '' l'enfant sauvage" (a true and commercially honest film not giving up on mistakes) "l'argent de poche" As an academic "400 coups" but more funny) or Hitchcock pastiche "vivement dimanche" good <br /> <br />
