It's the truth of Frank Zappa. "" Music journalism is someone who can't write an interview with someone who can't talk to someone who can't read. "If you want evidence that musicians can't say, this is the movie for you. Repeated attempts at stagnation caused them to fail to express a single syllable with a shocking voice: "Wow" (thanks to Idris Muhammed.) This film is a pretentious story. But while the mockery of the Youssou N'Dour and most of the gangs of the young men are cheerful, the main idea behind this film is (What I do to be the main idea digging out of unspoken comments) Interesting to gather a group of musicians from America and Europe and lead them on a journey through various forms of music that grew up from being Slaves returned to their roots in West African music and concerts in the old slave fortress. Gorée's off the coast of Senegal We are treated to the gospel, blues, jazz, and these changes include great drumming in New Orleans and Senegal. There is also a lot of N'Dour songs. <br /> <br /> Sadly, that's another weakness. It was never clear what he wanted to achieve. To a certain extent, this film seems to be a practice of self-promotion. As for N'Dour, he wants to play his own music, jazz to a certain extent and perform in a company of musicians that he admires. Obviously he felt a little embarrassed about this, and at the beginning of the film was blessed by the curator of the museum of Gorée. <br /> <br /> The conflict between the various agendas that appear elsewhere. For example, some people feel that it is impossible to tell the story of black music without involving the gospel singer, but N'Dour and his friends are mostly Muslims. (The point that repeats throughout the movie) The early sequence associated with black Christians is uncomfortable, and then they disappear from this story until the close harmony group. (The only black Christian who can collect sounds) appears in Dakar at the end of the movie. (To be fair, they appeared to prevail and show the best pieces in the movie). If the story of black music needs to nod to the gospel, why not in the direction of Latin America too? Where is black music influenced by the Caribbean and Brazil? Samba? Reggae? Then there is Europe Here, the black diaspora does not seem to produce any talented musicians because N'Dour chose to draft in the Austrian guitarist and trumpet player from Luxembourg. Are they on the team just because N'Dour had played with him before? The thing that I find personally the most annoying is the long order that tries to create the 60s. Beatnik / Black Power / The Islamic culture that originated in New York's home in Amir Baraka (aka Leroi Jones). Talk about the importance of "Knowing your history" and then in the next breath causes ignorance Why do so many African-Americans believe that using Arabic names is a testament to the roots of Africans? And why do they think that Arab Islam is more admirable than Christianity in Europe? Who do they think is acceptable in the slave trade in Africa at first? This film doesn't have much to say about the situation in West Africa today, aside from the fact that "Current conditions" are the result of the brightness and being sent out for 300 years. Senegal seems to be poor. But happy, talented, friendly and friendly music, respecting their elders (And not higher than abusing Americans who visited the fish market) this ethnic pattern or just my imagination There is no comment about the armed card that N'Dour and the camera team seem to want in the opening sequence as they walk through the streets of Dakar. <br /> <br /> There is also a strong meaning in the movie that The slaves that were taken from Dakar were from Dakar. The similarities between the New Orleans folk drum style and Senegalese folk drums are referred to in the evidence. The last thing that the slave heard before they were sent was the drumming at their hometown. Except of course, the slaves sent from Dakar are not from Dakar. They were captured or exchanged from within by the Senegal coast and sold to merchants wherever the power of the modern European fortress was held in Gorée. People in Dakar are not descendants of Africans who have escaped from the slave trade. More likely ?? To descend from the people who sold their black siblings to slavery and exile. <br /> <br /> The clash of the two agendas in the final part of the movie There are two separate endings. On the other side, the concert at N'Dour and Co conducted rehearsals and preparations along the way and they delivered in the courtyard of the Gorée slave fort. The other side happened when Harmony Harmoneers sang "Return to Glory" spiritually at the entrance to the slave fortress. This is a subtle movement, although it is hard to believe that the performance is quite natural as it appears. <br /> <br /> This is a flawed movie. Not clear of the story that tries to tell and pull in different directions. Irritating, confused, beautiful and moody. Watch it (listen to it) for music and feelings. But do not expect enlightenment or intellectual accuracy
