I like "The Curse of Frankenstein" so much that I hurried to find "Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed" to see the couch again ... even though it doesn't have Chistopher Lee. For my great disappointment, this movie is not only But will do without Lee only But it still does without Frankenstein's monster completely! It's the case of "If we can't find Lee, we won't have any monsters at all"? Why do they do that? A half-fun monster of all things !! This film is dedicated to the study of Baron Frankenstein and his research to complete the experiments that he began in brain transplantation before ending in the hospital. I found that the script was very weak, with the desire to suppress unbelief that forced the audience too much. I am willing to suspend a fair amount. But this movie is quite ridiculous, which takes me out of the movie rather than making me immersed in it. <br /> <br /> Peter Cushing, though, is a great game. In this movie For being one of the most beloved and lovable actors, he is confident that he can play harm and danger very well The supporting actors are capable. But few have to do, even the young doctor and his fiancé, who are blackmailed to help Frankenstein A false police chief is introduced along with his close friends to create a joke. They then fall from the movie! why? We were led to believe that the police chief would be the main nemesis of the Baron. Then we would believe that it would be a young doctor and it became the victim of Frankenstein's brain transplant experiment. No tension. We don't invest in "Life" and the ending were left to be vague until unsatisfactory because it was clear that they were creating a sequel. <br /> <br /> With almost no "horror" element, yes, there is a head cut At the beginning (the camera is closed) and we will be treated with Cushing's voice. (Again turning off the camera) and having the most insecure and unnecessary rape scene (90% of all disabling the camera again). I understand that there is love to "Let viewers imagine everything, because their imagination is worse than we can show." But come, if you don't let the monster come to us, at least let us look at the "scary" elements you choose. Included The skeletons in the laboratory with green light are not terrible. <br /> <br /> At the top of the weak script, I think most of the governance is flat with a few beautiful images. But did not create excitement, atmosphere or doubt The same director made "Curse" back in 1958 and I thought it was a great deal ... Guess that he didn't get the attention of this movie like I used to be. <br /> < br /> Strictly for the powerful and powerful performances of Peter Cushing ... Moreover, I found that there is little in this movie that should be worth recommending. My advice is to watch "The Curse of Frankenstein" and watch the truly fantastic Hammer Horror movie.
