Even in 1942, the standard of making movies at HER CARDBOARD LOVER presented that the oldest Machinations of half of the couple (of husband / wife, ex-husband / ex-wife) to get back again at the threat of marriage. With others, divorce or eventual separation by jealousy, humiliation, or other forms that have been done much better in classics such as his Friday girls and the stories of Philadelphia. Both of these films represent women who have a strong and indomitable screen and the player is a female protagonist. In both films, both women are separated / divorced from the first husband (witty) and marry a colorless man who is absolutely opposite to them and both are distracted by denying the husband to be a husband. Soon <br /> <br /> Plot in HER CARDBOARD LOVER Change gender: here is Norma Shearer in this role of Cary Grant to get rid of ex-girlfriend George Sanders by employing Robert Taylor to post Sta is her Gigolo. The problem is Shearer is too old to play more suitable roles for actors in the mid to late twenties. Saunders is about as much as one piece of furniture - any man who will love his fiancé when seeing a strange man coming out of her bathroom, as happened here, will make the fire come out of him and Make the big scene not here. And Robert Taylor showed his role as if he were trying to channel Carrie Grant half the time, not speaking by speaking. <br /> <br /> But the worst part is Shearer. For actors accustomed to parts that make her intellectually sexy and amazing, Consuelo Craydon's play seems to have caused her to be stunned by a complete performance, excessive acting and excessive gestures. In the acting and fitting more than ten years ago, she seemed like a very courteous actor who had solved the joke from the situation, such as water from a dry sponge. It is the only fuel that tells the theory which makes Irving Lalberg, the creator of her career and who chooses roles. (Most of her); Why did she pass on roles such as Charlotte Vale and Mrs. Miniver with mega-hits NOW VOYAGER and MRS MINIVER as a mystery, but then again, most accounts indicate that at this time, she had just been burnt by her performance. Lose all interest in the subject at the same time and there is no secret that everyone who has experienced this kind of thing Has lost focus primarily and cannot wait until retirement or ending the contract as soon as possible It may be the case here. She seems lost. She looks tired. She seems uncomfortable traveling through the pilot instead of living that part. After this film, she will not do anything more. But will be responsible for discovering Janet Leigh, who will be the star of her screen in the late 1940s and late 60s
