I cannot understand this movie at any time and no one can do it based on other reviews. The opening scene of this film is almost nothing related to the rest There, a journalist with a large mustache canceled his holiday to escape from his girlfriend. He was assigned to shoot mountains. There are rumors of being haunted. But I can't tell if he heard from his boss or later in the movie On the way he found a beautiful writer (Patty Shepard) and convinces her to join him on a journey to work. Throughout the movie, there is a terrible music score, which mostly consists of loud singing, which makes you want to scream "SHUT UP ALREADY !!!" Even if it has never been done With beautiful mountain views and a truly creepy atmosphere The inn and the old buildings that are quiet and abandoned, which are scattered on the mountain, are rather ominous. The foggy night seems real, unlike someone wearing an artificial fog in the set. And ideas, while not original, have potential But it is not better, at least not enough to be worth it This is how to go more or less. They stopped at this hotel run by a strange hotel attendant. (You expect him to be named Igor) with hearing problems. There is a scene in which the writer thinks Tom sneaks in her window. But the scene is very dark, I don't know what happened. Whether it is bad light or bad movie transfer is known for me. In any case, we never know what happened. There was one scene where she walked out at night. Whether she is sleepwalking or hypnotized by the witch of the name will not explain Another scene that was never explained is when their car was stolen and then found again without anything stolen. They wind up in a deserted mountain village, which is the sole inhabitant of this kind old woman. There are other things, including a wild man chained in a cave that has never explained the effort to sacrifice writers Either way (Will they kill her or brainwash her to join them?) The witch himself in a white robe that doesn't appear until the last 15 minutes of the film and the practices and beliefs that have never been explained. Even the closed scenes have no reason at all. When speaking and finished, most people would say "Huh?"
