Saying that this movie is very difficult to follow and as well as the disappointment of having to sit and watch In addition, he said that the current print work is dark, dull, scratched, edited, extremely dubbed, painful, censored, seems to be examined. This movie needs a great disaster from the original uncut negative film and sees it as a sensible atmosphere. (And received the director's award at the Film Festival of Catalonia), it may be worth the trouble Then again, maybe not ... It is impossible to tell what kind of movie it is. It starts to be interesting if you can reduce the order of opening credits before completely unconscious, involving a little girl named Gerda, a cat killer who is crazy about cats. Carla mother (Monica Randall, which should remove the eyeliner a bit). Splash gasoline around in the garage and set fire. Seems to be crazy like a young Gerda. She visits a photographer (former?) Mario fan ("John" / Cihangir Caffari). He is on a vacation from work. But hoping to stay away from Carla and ask his employer to set him to do the assignment ... any work, she said, "You have to apologize!" As he walked out the door Mario is assigned to shoot "Witches Mountain" (I believe somewhere in the Pyrenees) before he reaches his destination, he sees a hot image on the beach named Delia (Patty Shepard) and takes a picture. A few pictures of her from her bikini She claimed to be the only writer and both flirting and decided that it would be a good idea if they traveled up the mountains together. When they visited her place so that she could collect her bags, Mario heard a loud and scary sound. Delia claimed that he had just heard the story. <br /> <br /> So both started. Travel up the mountain, stop at a local hotel for overnight. There they met a strange hotel owner, deaf, good-looking. (Victor Israel) and Delia said that there are people secretly watching here through her window. The next day, under the trance, she walked up the mountain and finally found Mario, which jumped out of the jeep and followed her. While he was searching for something to happen, someone stole their wheels and they were forced to walk in pieces, eventually finding that the jeep was not damaged at the foot of the old and seemingly small village. Deserted ... almost like someone trying to lure them intently. There, as we can see, that's what happened. In the village, they meet a friendly old lady named Santa (Ana Farrar), who claims that she is the only person who still lives there and lets them stay in her house. Mario shot a deserted city and when he developed them, they were filled with many people. Crawling out a bit, he and Delia begin to leave and get stuck in a "vile" fog and have to pull out and camp for the night. The rest of the movie involves voodoo dolls, black cats becoming sexy women, Satan rituals performed by women in their shirts and cliffs that fall deadly. And by chance, Carla, a separate wife, became a witch as well Everything happens in the darkness and quite honest. I do not know what happens most. The "open" conclusion that is not just a slap in the face for everyone who suffers from chaos. <br /> <br /> <br /> Actually, there are some things that are clear to me. The first one is the actress Shepard with the mysterious and dark beauty of Barbara Steel. There are also excellent music scores. (Given to Fernando Garcia Mortillo) and the hymn, which has been a great help in creating this film in the atmosphere as it used to be The workplace is quite good. But as I said, printing is as ugly as possible and it doesn't make sense, so be careful with this section.
