In Europe known as Who Dares Wins; In America, it is known as The Final Option, but under the title of this ridiculous SAS flick, ask the audience to make them not believe on the other side for about two hours. I think it's hard to understand that Lewis Collins. (The hero here) has been chosen as the successor of Roger Moore in the Bond movie ... This man is emotionally expressive, so he struggles to find a job in the wax museum. Fortunately, Judy Davis is ready to redeem the relationship with the meat show as a terrorist, hard-wired lady, and has a top-ten action scene directed by director Ian Sharp. Let it add that it is very, very long waiting for these closing excitement to come and I cannot honestly say that waiting two hours ago for the appropriate action is worth the effort. <Br <br /> <br /> Hard man SAS Peter Skellen (Lewis Collins) is one of the peace protesters who want to see the end of nuclear weapons. He met with their leaders, Frankie (Judy Davis), a woman who spoke aggressively and commented, who may be able to use special measures to achieve her goal. Frankie's devoted group attacked the American embassy in London, calling for a nuclear missile launch at a naval base in Scotland. (She believes that when the world sees a real nuclear explosion, everyone will be shocked that they will join her. Unfortunately for Frankie, she made a mistake in attacking the small embassy of Skellen and he planned to block their plans from the inside with a little part-time help from his SAS companion. <br /> <br /> This movie is Obviously inspired by the great SAS attack in the Iranian embassy in 1981, people who saw the event in the news clearly thought it was good to create a movie in a similar direction. Unfortunately, this movie is quite repetitive with stupid conversations and many bad scenes. (The controversy of the archbishop, who went into every riot?) Frankie's idea of ​​bringing peace by provoking a nuclear bomb. So she became a laughing person when the audience almost looked at her as an interesting villain. Who Dares Wins tried to celebrate the military myth that was SAS, but at the same time it was said about Awkward actions and unintended planning The result is a piece with good intentions. But without all the efficiency of the boyishness
