Therefore, this film has been praised and brought to incredible heights. But in the end what is it really? There are many ways to work with listeners on the screen. Fair academic camera work allows confusing signatures and scenes in ASL are difficult to follow, so even for those who are quite fluent. The voice interpretation of Matlin's dialogue under the pretext that Hurt's character "likes his voice" causes her to become a strange object that is far away while the movie continues. Matlin shines in some scenes where the contract is signed. She's not partially hidden. However, most movies, when this is a love story, are shown from the same point of the man. As Burt said "If the story of the struggle of two people on the common ground they are communicating, it is unfair to create the entire movie according to the conditions of one of them." <br /> <br /> The idea that teachers An oral instructor who uses the methods prescribed in the deaf school for many decades will be presented as a "revolutionary party" as an insult to himself fairly. His character is weakened as a trustworthy teacher when the movie continues. Drawing a comedy from a deaf accent is rather straightforward. And his attitude towards male students in his class is how he seems to be doing with women: as a privileged person The party scene associated with many deaf people, including some scholars, met, making him seem lonely in a way that was not consistent with his identity: I saw the interpreter switch between each other naturally, even though they Will not know Deaf people in the area In any way, he felt like fish from the water in an environment where his education should make him completely familiar. As a lover, he seems to be a good-natured general person, including his tendency to show himself later. And yet, the movie is only to see through him. Everything that his lover says is filtered through his voice. <br /> <br /> The scenes related to other deaf children are generally symbolic wallbangers. That failed, failed, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the initial sleep scene, which should be taken away - all of these scenes trying to hint at the separation of the main characters of the deaf As a word The fighting metaphor Hear the people I know do bass dance that deaf people feel. (Instead of hurling like a Chihuahua co-body) and diving in the evening for those who hear it often is not an excuse to distinguish the deaf from the ears (no seriously when I go swimming, I'll swim) ... <br /> <br /> It was a failure to play the ending, making it a story of deaf women who gave up on a strong man. Although the original plays ended up in a more equal ground, both of them had to accept each other and eventually he recognized her true voice, the movement of her hand, not the vibrations in her throat. <br /> And for all the advances that it may seem like, Marley Matlin is still a Hollywood deaf woman until today.
