There is something in most of us, especially those who admire something in a small town like democratic "real people". And Sean Penn serves us with cherries on top Hey, many people use Penn as a political boy. But I don't give movies or actors / directors according to politics or personality. That is what the right wing critics like the great faux leather critics like Debbie Schlussel. While acknowledging that he is one of our best actors and is a good director, I think this image is the wreck of that. Pointless, simple, that he has been accepted since then. <br /> <br /> Okay, you have an important part in this story: a good cop, a small police officer, Joe playing with actors from David Morse who is in The opening chase some guy on a farm in the countryside. Large sixty cars The bad guy stopped to shoot at him, so Joe had to make him die. There is no explanation of what caused this person to do serious things and the parents of the dead made narrow-minded people at the police station while Joe was sad and guilty of having to kill someone. So we know that Joe the farmer forced his land to work. The police are good basic people. Then Frank, his brother, appeared. He was an ungodly bully who was out of the army and Nam, the place where his blood had war. Some people here and in other reviews call him just a hell without responsibility. Raising a younger brother and Sean tries to do something about John Wayne's tough masculine culture and war. Do with other good people Enjoy attacking and ripping people. Then there was a mother and father, Marcia Mason and Charles Bronson, who had done what was necessary to turn into an outdated husband and then die. She was sick and he killed himself with a shotgun to develop the story for us. Both times, Frank the bad guy is going to be a miserable SOB, but the good Joe brings him back to the Podunksville prison so Frank can extend his life by connecting the bridge and living with a foolish wife. Full of screams of pregnant women But Joe had a lovely wife, played by Mexican actress Valeria Golis, and Sean used this as an exercise to enhance Joe's good action and true spirit. He was under his uniform and crew. For me, it is certainly the pointless action plan that Sean uses to make his strong man refine by sucking for the Mexicans because the Mexicans are strong and cool. <br /> <br /> Frank is very bad Events such as stealing a friend's car, stealing a gas station by hitting an employee over the head, then a torch, a car and all the good things that the creator of hell does. Then there was an incident in the childhood of the film about 8 mm of the young Joey alone moving the lawn and cowboy dress up Franky jumping on his back and fighting with him and yadda yadda. So we all know that there is a deep bond. Between the two of them, <br /> <br> This movie is zigzagging with many small towns to warm the hearts of the red organizers. This film consists of a great soundtrack of good sixties songs such as Jefferson Airplane and Janis Joplin that are not entirely appropriate except for the 60s to win the hippies. The worst offense is because the movie was inspired by Springsteen "The Highway Patrolman". The song was not included. <br /> <br /> So the wife who died in Joe's brain had to work hard. And Joe ran to the bar to gain weight and spray some pop singers who were drunken by the victims about the difficulties while Joey dragged him. The bartender is good. Ole Ceasar played by Dennis Hopper. So Viggo-Frank came out without reason and beat his friend Ceasar after Joe the Cop went out. <br /> <br /> So Joe then chases out his poor brother and I hope he does. The right thing and the immediate threat to society But we had a scene in which his brother stopped in front of him at the age of 50 years on a lonely street at night and Franky in a cowboy outfit and his small gun came out of the car to confront Joe the little boy from the story. Backward 8mm movie sequence at home Oy such destruction! If so, the celebration of this ship's shit has Zen shit about the Indian runners who send messages into messages. Ala Marshall MacLuhen? See what I mean. Sean did a lot better, so don't be afraid to miss this.
