If my memory is correct when the film is released, it becomes a joke - funny in the entertainment industry for adults. If that is what it should be, it doesn't really work. It's not a joke. The settings are quite important. (Because this is called comedy!) Failed because I had no personal knowledge of the subject, I would avoid commenting on the authenticity of the story - which is related to the behavior behind the scenes Toronto's massage parlors, except to say that - if true - that life is boring. <br /> <br /> For over an hour, this movie doesn't give much to us except basic knowledge. Of the main character Conrad is the new hiring manager of a massage parlor whose basic job is obviously to ensure that the girls do not give "full service" - euphemism for actual sex. For girls, Betty's goal is to buy her own living room so she can do her own business. Cindy is an illegal immigrant to Canada who works to support her family and Leah is rather strange. Unassigned characters with fetish with nipples - real - those who seem to be in business because - well, because she's in there! I don't know what your character is about. The three characters may be reasonably reasonable, representing the inspiration of women who are involved in this business correctly. <br /> <br /> This film is zigzagging and does not offer much. Until "twisted" revealed to Conrad the bad guy. We should have reached that point soon The only thing that is truly interesting here is part of the story - Conrad's secret plan and the revenge planned for him by the girls. The revenge plan is quite good and you are grateful when you come out because, basically, to the point that you wonder why you waste time on this matter. If the story focuses more on revenge, then this may actually be a funny movie. <br /> <br /> The performances from the 4 actors are okay, even though I don't think anyone has jumped. Outstanding The four characters are quite shallow. Cindy is a sympathetic character, and Conrad has been there for a while, even though he has become a bad guy in this movie. From the resulting image, there are a few nudity surprises. (And there is one scene limited) actually has some fresh air in this For the overall quality of the movie, it is a low-budget effort that shows, even if you expect to have some dirt. I think this movie is set in the context of the bath to be forgotten. Although it was revealed 8 years ago and still remains the only credit of Soo Lyu's brief history and due to lack of normal depth in the Canadian film industry Was nominated for the Genie Awards - Canadian Academy Award 4/10 - and I was a little kind
