Warning: This review has spoilers. Do not read if you do not want to be exposed at some point before watching movies. <br /> <br /> With such actors, you wonder what the actors and actors know they are entering. He saw the script and said, "Hey, the close encounter of the third category is very popular that this person can't fail." Are they thinking of checking the director's credentials? I mean, you will make a movie with a film director called 'Satan's cheerleader' or not? Greydon Clark, who later brought the infamous 'Final Justice' director It makes you wonder how people on the Mystery Science Theater 3000 can use the hammer 'Final Justice' and miss out completely with 'The Return' <br /> <br /> This film is located in a small town in New Mexico. The little boy and girl are on the road without being taken care of. One night, when a powerful beam beam appears and flew over them. In the sequence of the worst special effects of this film, the boat sprayed some red ink. It seems that Clark holds a glass of water from the camera lens and dips the leaky pen into the bottle, so you will be treated with cheese. However, boats leave and adults do not believe children. Elsewhere, we saw Vincent Schiavelli, which I found to be a great actor. (See his scene in 'Ghost' to prove as they stand out) Players, explorers or I call him Miner 1949er. He stepped out of the cave where he was and he and his dog were inked on the boat. Twenty-five years have passed and the young woman grew up as Cybill Shepherd, who worked with Raymond Burr. Her father studied the unusual weather phenomena. Or something like that The shepherd saw some strange phenomena in satellite imagery in New Mexico, and she traveled there to research. When she got there, the owner of the farm would bully her and blame her for the murder of a cow that had just happened and deputy Jan-Michael Vincent came to help her. From this point, the movie quickly dragged as they fell quickly. Especially after Vincent took care of the local people and informed them that he was a little boy who saw this ship twenty-five years ago. While this boring thing is happening, Vincent Schiavelli and his killer dog are on his side, walking around to kill the cow and the person he runs into with strange items. Fear to sell to a magician or a gamer on Halloween like you shake to make them shine? Schiavelli uses something that looks like one of the light sticks to burn the wound in people. It is the second worst effect in the movie. Every time Schiavelli is on the screen with the glowing atmosphere of the scene turning dark, like the filmmakers think the glow sticks need to be improved. It makes movies look cheaper than before. <br /> <br /> What does this lead to? It is difficult to tell when the final scene, the confusing scene came to be seen. Burr and his team of scientists tried to explain the satellite image that was found to be 'Calling card' but without reason Why did Shepherd and Vincent and Kiavello not do it? Schiavelli explained why he killed cattle and people and why he wanted the shepherds to die. But even then it is not reasonable when you really think about it. I mean, why didn't he kill Jan-Michael Vincent? After all, he has twenty-five years to do it. And the aliens don't want him. If Shepherd is dead, why are you trying to kill her? When talking about aliens, it was never clear what they wanted from Shepherd and Vincent. What is their goal? Why are they waiting too long to intervene? How can they be confident that Shepherd will return? Regardless of the answers to these questions and any other questions, it will make `return 'more satisfying. You still have bad lines, really bad performances, especially with Shepherd, magical effects and bad directions. Fortunately, the stars escaped from this movie. Cybill Shepherd starred in 'Moonlighting' and Bruce Willis. Soon, Jan-Michael Vincent continued to focus on dozens of B films, which are usually in The top one, Raymond Burke, made the Perry Mason film one until he died. Vincent Schiavelli is still a great actor in many movies. Martin Landau, who acted as a law enforcement officer, acted as a whimsical act of 'Alone in the Dark' and 'The Being', a terrifying moment before entering the movie he was famous for. You can't bet on these stars. Do not want their career back to "return" Zantara's score: 2 out of 10
