I'm a big fan of Lucio Fulci; Giallo flicks and splashing many of his water are in my favorites forever. But this thing was created for a TV movie, a terrible story and not what I expected from a great Italian director. This film is not as interesting as Giallo's. Some of Fulci's more tame people, or full of blood like his classical classics. Therefore making it lacking in both important areas and finally ensuring that the film is not very good This film works from a story that has been used many times before. But it is also an idea to have the opportunity to tell interesting stories always because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife This film focuses on Giorgio Mainardi; Men who are certainly not popular, and after he died of bleeding in the stomach clearly, there are not many people who regret seeing him. Which means that his ghost stuck somewhere between life and afterlife and therefore he decided to try and go to the bottom of his death and his only ally in this endeavor <br /> <br /> The video that I saw this movie proudly announced that the film was "in the style of HP Lovecraft" and that was one of the most obvious attempts Selling movies I've ever seen. There is nothing that reminds the writer of this terrific horror story, and the reason for that slogan is probably because the name is similar to the movie Stuart Gordon / Lovecraft 'From Beyond' - which is much better. This film has benefited from the Italian style clearly and the score is quite good. However, unfortunately, Fulse considers it appropriate to roast every positive scene, so the theme becomes annoying quickly. The story is boring and most of the scenes are related to the 'desperate' ghost trying to find things, or the daughter puts her suspicions on her family members. This film was created for Italian TV and therefore it is not surprising that it is quite tame. Have a little blood and have nightmares with zombies; But this is not Fulci that we all know and love. Overall, this movie is very simple and is not the best talent of Fulse. Not worth it to be disturbed, unless you are a Fulcie
