"Plan B" is a fare that is strictly specified, except one. I found it to be a surprising insult. <br /> <br /> Jon Cryer is the "star" of the film and plays a flawless drama with profanity, being cute and cute in "Pretty In Pink "and has never been fun since then The grid doesn't start to explain his performance. Ricky (Mark Matheisen) is an actor with a blonde and struggling muscle that (suffocating!) Is worried about his hair and gets laid. Talking about the stock characters ... Hu, at least three other characters are quite involved. Lisa Darr and Lance Guest act as a optimistic, optimistic, caring, struggling couple. pregnant Because they are not playful drama queens. However, their roles are considered boring and they do not give enough screen time. Sara Morell starred by playing with Gina, a girl that looks good and looks normal as usual, which doesn't seem to find the right partner with love. I've seen this character before millions of times. But at least her performance was overcoming some of the shortfalls caused by the predictions of her situation. <br /> <br /> The thing that shocked me with this film is promoting a new generation of children. They introduced the Russian character for the sole purpose of mocking him and creating fun in the way he spoke. He showed that he was a savage, shy and amazingly shy person. They have just been warmed up, although normal nonsense about gays. Gina decided to be gay for a while because she had no luck with them. Honestly, it wasn't too bad, except that they really went to the sea when Gina brought a lesbian to a Christmas party that her friends had thrown. Her lesbian days are very short hair. (Like I'm sure all lesbians do) She's also upset too. (Like I'm sure all lesbians do) when Jina has the nerve to put lipstick (!) Finally, her date around the party collided with all the women there and the mouth when Gina expressed To her disappointment Of course, we all know that gay people can't keep their integrity for a few hours, less than a month or a year, right? (Please note the sarcasm in that statement. Thank you.) <br /> <br /> This film is based on exhaustive and predictable evidence to begin with. But Cryer's unique performance, combined with the strange image of the film, makes the depth lower. Of the cinema 2/10
