Imagine that in order to adapt a James Bond novel into a movie, the filmmakers cut out the actions and doubts in order to be child friendly. Or if the TV producer tells Chris Rock, he can't make eye contact to get a special PG rating. Similarly, the director of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" brings excitement and Popularity for the younger audience This creates a monotonous plot without the complications of the book. In trying to make the story of "Something Wicked This Way Comes" easier for children to follow, the filmmakers cut the theme of good and evil, both in everyone and goodness, often overcoming evil. This is evident in the transformation of Will's character, the help of Charles Halloway for Jim and the defeat of the carnival. <br /> <br /> Will's transformation becomes a more adventurous boy in The movie scene where Dust Witch visits Will's house in a balloon cut from the movie But the following green fog is Jim and Will return home and make them nightmares about her witches and spiders. Balloon attacks show us that they are beginning to overcome the fear of doing things on their own. He ascended to the roof of the neighbor and bent the balloon with a bow to defeat the witch. "Sorry my father thought and got up and smiled. Now it is me alone." Will decide when he prepares to confront her (147.) Removing this scene from the movie makes us not understand that adventure like this movie shows Let us see many examples of Will that are afraid to follow Jim, but never interested in curiosity like his friends. In this book, there will be both good and quiet aspects. "Evil" that is brave like his Jim In the movie, each boy has a single mode of thinking, which destroys Bradbury's theme of good and evil in each person. <br /> <br /> In the book Will helps Jim because of friendship. But in the movie Charles Holloway helping Jim in return, Jim's father pulls Jim out of the carousel in Bradbury's novel because he doesn't want his best friend to grow up. Without him It was a good thing in the will, the fact that he was interested in his friends who helped Jim from the evil curse of the carnival on the carousel. One of his small, white, isolated parts that still remember their friendship. "(269) This shows that Which has the potential to overcome evil But when Charles Holloway helped Jim in the movie, he did it to pay off the debt he owed to Jim's assistant Wilfad's father when he was a child. The filmmakers destroyed the original idea of ​​Bradbury, which was good in defeating evil. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, the carnival became a tornado and lightning instead. Smile and laughter When this book ends, Mr. Dark turns into a little boy and Charles Halley smiles and laughs at him until he can't stand and evaporate. In the world of Bradbury, the wicked person removes fear and can only be overcome by happiness and love. His message is that goodness will always prevail over evil. But only when goodness is expressed outside "Good for evil looks like evil," Charles Holloway said as he carried Mr. Dark. "So I'll only do good to you, Jed. I'll hold you and watch you poison yourself." (275) In the movie, Mr. Dark is the only person left on the carousel when the lightning hits it and he dies. With the elimination of weapons of laughter and smiles, the filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to overcome evil, as if lightning strikes people who don't. only This brings the main theme of Bradbury's book, which is to do "good" to others who get rid of evil. <br /> <br /> Always good to overcome evil. But trying to make movies more friendly to children The filmmakers to remove some content from the books they use to reference. In the movie "Something Wicked This Way Comes," Will will not change Will's friendship. Will not help Jim and the smile and laughter will not be able to overcome the carnival. For this reason, the filmmakers left too much of Bradbury's main point. The process of adjusting the text to match the movie, often the ruins of the world that the author created In this case, Bradbury's terrifying world that opposes the forces of good and evil has been reduced to become a simpler rounder of their own.
