Before I start, you must know that I am a big fan of Sonny Chiba's many films. His biographical series about Mayama's life is a remarkable story and one of the best fighting movies. As it had been in his movie, Street Fighter, the action never stopped and there was Bruce Lee's possible exception (depending on who you asked). Battle of the greatest films in the early 1970s because they were very good, I have watched his films, at least 15, and recently bought soon. (Which I'm currently watching) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately I love these movies I'm not a zombie that makes people respect the level I give every rating. A 10 has a little bit of criticism like this here on IMDb and I think everyone who gives this movie should be ignored because 10 bad movies like This is from a technical perspective and is not close to Chiba's best work. Score 10 is not a true score - it's a zombie fan trying to issue a statement about Chiba. At this movie! As I have already said, technically, this movie is terrible. Partly as a result of seeing the American dub version with an unrelated preface and poor copying. But most problems will remain with the original Japanese The camera's work is cruel - like a chimpanzee. (Shimmer Smart However, it is still a shimmer). Often, fast martial arts action doesn't get much attention because the camera is very slow or the actor's head is cut off due to the monotony of production. And again and again, the camera panned in and out like a new toy used by a madman, plus an improbable cut - with uncomplicated and confusing cuts. <br /> <br /> I don't 'not know whether the music score is original or not - but it's also very bad. The type of acid rock in the 1970s was poorly combined with Ennio Morricone's "Spaghetti Western" song - it's annoying, distracting and ridiculous. <br /> <br /> For martial arts action, I think Have chimpanzees Choreography is slightly improved. Instead of being a great fight scene that you have been waiting for in the movie, Chiba, the fight is too short and often missed by the camera !! What you left is the story ... and this may be the worst part of this movie! It should be an anti-drug movie starring Sonny Chiba as .... Sonny Chiba! And when the movie started, he vowed to destroy the drug trade in Japan, but the mafia (not the only member who looked at Italy) But all Japanese people) vowed to stop Chiba And when a woman came to Chiba with a promise to provide information about how to destroy the drug trade, he agreed to help her and risk her life unconditionally - even though she never told him what he knew! In fact, later it was revealed that she was trying to use Chiba to protect her while she sold her large cocaine-filled briefcase and he still tried to protect her !! It has no meaning, and throughout the story, it seems that they are filming without a drama - like when they enter the bar and brothel and let Chiba walk as if he was drunk.> <br /> So if it Worse, why is it 3? First of all, there are many horrible marriage movies. (Such as movies from Hong Kong in the 1970s) - including movies with men dressed in gorillas that made kung fu and furry 3 feet long. The fight (now it's not good) Secondly, while that action Terrible when compared to the other movie Sonny Chiba. Compared to movies of the same era, it wasn't that bad. Even so, you can do better than this little movie. <br /> <br /> If you wonder if this is the worst Sonny Chiba movie. In one of his first films, Neptune's invasion of Chiba plays a superhero wearing a tight-fitting costume that fights against invaders with a point from the planet Neptune. It was terrible that it fought against Plan 9 from outer space and their brain that saved HITLER for horror. <br /> <br /> Last record to parents - like most of Sonny Chiba's movies. Violent and having a share of breasts. Don't let small children look like this, no matter how much they ask! Make them wait until they are old before you let them watch art art movies. Fierce martial arts!
