This is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. Hear the chanting of viva Chiba, viva Chiba. Hear this name. Soon you will have to fool silly prayers. The basic story is that the mafia is using drugs in Japan and there is a pool to stop them. Sonny Chiba, our man, teacher Karate, offers his services to anyone who can provide information about the nobility. The woman came forward and he became a bodyguard. But what is her true intention? Let me say that at this point, who is interested? Soon we will be treated or suffering from poorly designed battles and weak stories that become more laughable every time. Eventually, Sunny eliminated the bad guys with karate skills at the end of the story. Oh yes, that girl is also damaged. Congratulations, you have seen the most fun movie ever. <br /> <br /> As stated, this is one of the worst martial arts movies I've ever seen. One thing that makes it possible to check half is to see how bad the movie is. Some people mention the infamous intro to the movie. That may be the most entertaining part of the movie and it is too funny. I agree that it is worth watching just to see how the karate scene in the 70s was at that time. Watched while Aaron Banks allowed a man to be tied with a bean and flung a fat student (badly edited), punching him in the neck, but everything didn't work well in this movie. The fight is unbelievable. Very bad. Fake. I mean fake blood. Performing poorly. Polish the wardrobe and don't forget the story. A man who will solve all drug problems in the country? I bet that the fight after the fight is ridiculous. This is the 70s when people still believe that karate is effective in fighting. But Chiba brought it to a new level with some nonsense in this film. We came to see that he kicked half the gun, kicked a hard man, something that looked like his dentures would drop out and cut the bottle out for me to stop. Not to mention the fact that it is very difficult to say what happened in the fight because it was terrible. One amusing part was that when he smashed his arms through the door, he broke. OK. While the action continued, we were treated with a lot of blood, fake blood. Said that it looks bad The show doesn't really exist in this movie. I didn't expect much from this talented movie as long as the action was good. But it wasn't and as expected, the dubbing was terrible Is it my imagination or are they dubbing Asian dancers with black accents? As expected from the 70's wardrobe, you will laugh at the trend and the nasty women come out for the nakedness that comes with these measurements. Why is the Mafia so clear and everywhere that the coat and hat are always black? Don't try to hide it now. The character is also stupid. One of the club's pimp owners was decorated in a Japanese pimp dress and another one with a taste for the pores that the head looks like a hippie. One of the last things that disturbed me throughout the story was terrifying music with women who were whaling. It's very annoying. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a terrible movie, both in martial arts and making good movies. Doesn't mean it's not fun With a movie that does not work well, it's hard not to laugh through the movie, mostly if you can stomach it. This is the old watch that I like best with my close friends. If it's really bad, I'll give you one star. But laughter will make it crash 4 of 10
