Carnosaur 3 is not good ... very bad, not good to the point that it's funny No matter how much I try to convince myself, I can't believe that anyone in this world will be entertained for serious reasons. I mean, even the cover is bad! OK, that special technique is absolutely ridiculous. "Carnosaurs" Those are really ridiculous. The scientists told the soldiers that they were moving incredibly fast. But when you see them running, they run at a speed ... actors in the tires that try to run as much as possible And the explosion is a joke (No other words to describe) At first, one bullet of a jeep after a man said "What's that?" ... and other explosions are ridiculous, but the worst thing is the screenplay and the story called You don't expect a good story. (Or I don't think everyone who rent this movie is expected to be a good movie) but at least the story must be understood. I mean, how difficult is it to create a story about dinosaurs that kill at least the most linked people? Incredibly difficult if you look at this Oh, and if you think it's easy to make a convincing commando into your character, tell the author of this scary and terrifying shit. What do I mean? The sick man will make cheap jokes after one of his friends is dead? And they do it a lot And if you think that a movie about dinosaurs that kill soldiers can be an action, at least wake up !!! This movie is incredibly boring. The carnosaurs (those who invented the name of this weak person?) Attack (in the order of dreary actions that you don't see much happening). (In the incredibly funny scenes they tried hard to be serious But seemed to be unable to convince even one second) so they attacked the Carnosaurs, but their thoughts didn't work (The sequence of actions that are laughing again) Go back to planning. (There was a joke in the joke) in another ridiculous scene. And this still continues and do not forget the convincing performances that are special effects ... and stories ... ok, this movie sucked from A to Z <br /> <br />
