OK, I have more hope for this Carnosaur movie, just because it seems that the sequel is getting better when they come out. I like Carnosaur 2 better. 1 I think this is newer, so it must be better, right? Well ... I learned quickly that I was wrong. I was very confused with casting. They brought Ritchie Dean back to get another outstanding role and Michael McDonald as a police officer. Now for Rick dean lol in Carnosaur 2, I think he's suitable for a role that is quite good and not. Has really annoyed him now in Carnosaur 3 wow they made him a great soldier Now we're stupid here. This movie started out quite well with a gun and dino disco fight, fleeing from there, a little freezer truck, but as soon as Scott Valentin's team appeared Up. Br /> <br /> I will start with the raptors first. They have a tail dragging the ground, which the second time they go up into the air, which looks normal for a dinosaur that can run 50-60 miles per hour. Now when they run, they wiggle around and the head doesn't move at all. There are floppy hands all over the place, and because the director is shot very low, they look stupid and out of place. <br /> <br /> t-rex is absolutely pathetic. One story from two previous films At least it looks quite scary. One of the movies seems to be smiling all the time. The legs when walking are hilarious, like it was John Wayne in the old west, all the legs and hard stuff. Haha. Another thing I noticed was that the hands were not moving, they stuck to their bodies, so it looked and listened. (God sounds awesome effects) Moron !!! Now, if I am a director and realize that I have to work with, maybe I might try a little harder to hide the wrong truth. For the rest of the movie, this is the best and most popular military team I've ever seen. The weapon used is not reasonable for the situation. They also have arm wrestling scenes in the warehouse where carnosaurs are traveling. I am now being motivated at this scene because I think that while this stupidity occurs at the Dinos going inside and causing damage. Instead of being a director for about 7 minutes, I wanted to watch this movie as 3 stooges of dinosaur movies. You have military mental retardation, dinosaurs, mental retardation, mental retardation, and you have 83 minutes to watch today. <br /> <br /> Now I'm not saying that I won't really look at this thing. This movie that requires pure entertainment for 83 minutes. It may seem that I'm bragging. But actually I'm watching this movie. It's really fun to watch because while watching this thing you think to yourself that "Does the director really do this?"
