I don't see the true value of this film. It's not bad enough to be hilarious. No nude pictures (Although there are many opportunities) No gossip. No doubt, in the first hour of the film, there will be many tourist scenes with parties and indigenous people playing the funky tribal music. The last part is actually a lot of jokes: You see these natives colliding with congas and 'jembés' and that's what you hear. (Bad synchronization) in the soundtrack, but they also add this funky bass to the soundtrack So where is the bass player? At one point, the villagers were angry and started killing tourists. Why all of a sudden? Probably because the wicked white people built this travel complex, which according to their legend awakened the rage of the river - the crocodile-god (I really missed this explanation), but the villagers helped for many months in Creating a travel center so why sudden anger? And how do they push the helicopter into the water It's ridiculous and ridiculous This movie also has a model. Afro-American The most beautiful that I have ever seen. <br /> <br /> At one point, our brave married couple visited this cave. The only thing that points to that scene is that they discover "shocking" that the killer crocodile is actually a crocodile. What are the differences between crocodiles or crocodiles? It's big, made of plastic and eaten by people. All the same for me Crocodiles are rather stupid animals. It is very hard and does not move and doesn't even move your feet when it swims. The eyes do not move even when shooting at close range. I guess they don't know 'animatronics' earlier in Italy in 1979. There is also a shock between many local wildlife. I wonder if it's a stock video. <br /> <br /> For example, I said that the first hour was quite lame and the only reason I didn't close this movie was because my cat slept on my lap and I Not able to 'do not want to wake the sweet thing But the last half hour of the movie has improved Eventually we will see some action when the crocodile swims around in a panic crowd and bites them. The most entertaining scene (And in the meantime, funny) is when Alice and Daniel drive the van across the bridge and it is broken We are watching a van that falls in the river in a funny box. But shooting well. In fact, there are many interesting mobile cameras. Surprisingly, this type of flick I will point out stupid details about the end of the movie. But I do not want to spoil completely in case you decide to watch this movie My advice is to stay away from it. If you want to watch a good crocodile movie, look at ALLIGATOR of Lewis Teague. I admit that it's not Italian and not JAWS that is ripped out, but of course it's more fun. And if you are interested in other movies directed by Sergio Martino, I would like to introduce advanced entertainment in 2019: after the fall of New York That is beyond the expectation of a future post-apocalyptic movie in the future "Italian" and "tearing out" two words that go together very well.
