Dennis Hopper is no doubt one of the most disadvantaged American actors of our generation, and it is interesting to see that he will play his role as a cop in the case of serial killers. Who is a child Most movies Hopper often play with psychologists who threaten to blow things or have fun killing. But in this film, Hopper tries his best to preserve the violence and emotions while holding the shield. When I plot the movie, I was hooked. But it is just a small thing that ultimately killed the movie. <br /> <br /> The concept of this movie is great - not only the police are moving. From the capture of the murderer But we get a chance to see how gangsters work to capture the killer The plan of the football field is quite ridiculous. But need to involve the gangsters in the hunt for the killer. <br /> <br /> That's all good that you can talk about movies. Although Hopper tries to act like a wise and experienced cop. But I couldn't help but feel that his acting was substandard and there was not enough confidence for him to actually stick to the case. Directing is terrible - it doesn't feel like a real movie. But is a television movie production This is most obvious when the gangsters meet for the first time to establish a leading team to hunt down the murderer. When the leading gangster shoots other gangsters into a slow-motion position, the show is weak, unpredictable and terrifying. That is when I know that No. 1 of that action is bad True special. If it should be scary, it can't. Everyone's performances are terrible, and even Hopper, I don't feel his character, and I don't care about his relationship with my daughter. <br /> <br /> The last thing that makes I'm annoyed The greatest team is the SWAT team. When I saw the work of the SWAT team, I finally thought of what was good, but I was wrong. First of all, the SWAT team consisted of 4 people. Secondly, it seems that the SWAT team did not practice anything because many times in the movie, they carry one HKA4 submachine gun with one hand. If the killer hides near the stairs with a shotgun, these four idiots will be taken. Blowing into small pieces because they didn't aim at anything or pay close attention They should have both hands on the gun aiming forward. But it seems that they didn't work seriously and just waved away Third, the SWAT team members do not shout commands such as "Don't forget to open your eyes, be careful of yourself. We're good to go ... etc." In fact, they use hand signals or have radios. But they really yelled at each other - you should catch the murderer when he heard that you were coming. And above all, they don't have a map - it looks like they're running up and down to hunt turkeys Eventually they didn't do anything. That is the last straw I do not specialize in special forces. But basically what I just wrote is normal. When the audience knows that the movie is terrible, the action that has become the savior of the movie - when you can't even try to make the action better, the movie will disappear 2 stars but cannot give the remaining credit If you want to watch crime thriller, don't mess with this. There are many crimes in the movie - but it doesn't have excitement.
