Antitrust falls into the category of movies that hope to get good points while upgrading. I don't hate movies But it lacks important elements such as suspicion There are other attempts to create interesting movies about computers such as hackers and The Net. They all fall short. The Net and Antirust endings are unlikely. The end of these films is experiencing a big mistake in awareness: people in the PC business that are overly self-conscious, believing that the general population lives, waiting for life to hear the latest news about PCs and software. I work for many companies and industries, and they all have a broader view of their own importance, just like this movie. <br /> <br /> The way they introduce the plot Sad story Acting Milo, who lost almost the sesame seeds, brought one piece from the restaurant's breadbasket across the stupidity. Only his 'girlfriend' prevented him from dying for sure. This makes one wonder if Milo will survive as long as he does with the courage of Big Mac bread and sesame seed sesame seeds as they hide themselves as well .... Sesame seeds Mc Mac's Bread and Bread <br /> <br /> Antitrust does not cause much doubt. Plots of patterns and predictions can be easily calculated before they are revealed. (Come on, who is really shocked when Yee Jee Tso is killed?), So destroy the real shock. And here again, we still have movies / other stories that, ultimately, the villains are chasing good people to 'pick up the disc'. We need a moratorium on the Simple Simon line. This story is about 20 years old. The ending may be a reward, but it is not a completely ridiculous ending, in which we have another head of the company's security department that is evil to turn back and be a good person. Milo is able to get rid of NURV's CEO. Gary Winston laughed. Of course, the news of the arrest of Gary Winston was more feverish than when Hinckley or Oswald was detained. Gary Winston played by Tim Robbins is Robbins's cardboard character. The same character played on Arlington Street. But that fits perfectly in the Antitrust which should be called 'Anticlimactic' or 'Anti-Original' <br /> <br /> In the next few years, this movie may be exiled to UHF channel 3.
