I saw this movie trailer a few months before the release, and MAN looks scary, especially that this movie is based on real life phenomena. I am incredibly interested and think that eventually it may be a good horror / thriller after many years if shit. Did you know that movie trailers create movies that look better than they can be: may show creepy parts or some elements Ads for movies do both, which leads to my most disappointment. <br /> <br /> Doesn't mean that "The most annoying movie in many years." Hell. I wonder if it's the most annoying movie that week. This film brings something. "Based on facts" gathered together. <br /> <br /> This film is not complete. I have to admit it is my interest and Michelle Keaton believes that it is someone who searches for answers in a supernatural way. In addition, this movie is a great ancient idea. After John's wife died, he learned about EVP, which conveyed the voice of the dead into electrical appliances every day. Suddenly he received a message from his wife! god! It's not just his wife who came to him. But other dead people. Imagine Movie about helping the dead Come and ask for a little rest! The ancient idea didn't stop there. There is also a trick to stop the clock at the same time every night and three evil spirits that threaten our heroes. The film has two scenes, and the two scenes are almost the same. The ending is horrible because it comes out of the door. WIDE OPEN for the sequel. There is also a message ending with a message that says that only one voice heard from the EVP through EVP is threatening How to destroy your emotions Jeez! In the end, if you want another memorable horror movie to look at the White Noise, the only reason I can think of everyone watching this movie is because they are either Keaton fans or they are interested in EVP. Will be a little interesting But I do not like my movie concept to push my neck and blown to my face. This film tries to be scary, original and disturbing. But it is the opposite You know that you have a lame movie when advertising using ghosts to talk about movies there. "I'll watch this movie again"
