John River's life as an architect and family became the worst when his wife disappeared and was concluded dead after a strange accident involving the tire change of you During the time she disappeared, he confronted a man who was following him and told him that he had contacted the dead wife from the other side via E.V.P - electronic sound phenomenon. By nature he didn't believe But heard a strange phone call from her phone so he contacted the man to find out more about E.V. Soon John was stuck with it. But there are some things that are supernatural, not like him to interfere with the dead because now everyone else is in contact with his wife. The white noise is to predict the events before they happen. Sitting on my shelf for a while, I think I should go and see it better because it's not mine. But again, I don't think the owner hurriedly rushed the night because they didn't ask me about it. Oh well, so I decided to play because I was in a very unpleasant mood. After hearing and reading all the bad news about it, I did not expect to have anything good from a distance. But I was entertained for 90 minutes. Now, even more than 60 minutes in the last half hour was a bit confusing. This movie has no place as good as it should be. But the moment that the wind was blowing quickly enough, even though it was a rather supernatural thriller I think it's not a waste The first hour that I found a sequence that was quite interesting and frightening was caused by the quietness and tragedy that gradually disappeared, which haunted you. But sadly, the interruption in this movie later That is, when afraid of jumping, being forced to anticipate one's own, and in any way it is inconsistent with the context It is quite exciting, loud and very confusing with MTV style editing and the kinetic camera that will approach the action. I didn't understand what was going on inside the missing climax and suddenly All the explanations of how everything fits into the larger image is pure purity. It is a very unpleasant conclusion because it is a large item. I think they work well up to that point with lights and cameras showing results. Apart from that, the light that is clearly distinguished and the score still makes this film gloomy. All of this is done smoothly with shiny and shiny hardware that makes it sterile and empty. <br /> <br /> You can easily see that the heart of the movie is in the technical elements and not. in Expand characters and stories There is only a connection and lasting confidence within this delicate material. After a while, it was just too hard to convince you that it was in the excitement of provoking and provoking things that scared the blood from outside the grave. It is quite monotonous to watch people watch the TV screen fuzzy after while the E.V.P is the star of the show. It has more impact than soft play. Michael Keaton is more than a talented actor. But recently he disappeared from the map and here he has a simple performance like John River that is obsessed with danger. Although he really deserves better things, others are fragile and easy to forget. Not because of acting But lacking depth in the character This gangster is not bad. But it started as a pear with a serious fall. <br /> <br /> I don't want to see it anymore and I won't recommend anyone unless you It is interesting for this story and enjoying the latest work of Hollywood that created horror / thriller. It's just a shame that the flick that is produced beyond this cannot be combined. Success as promised in their thoughts I don't hate But something disappointing
