One of the worst movies of the year The plot is ridiculous, the characters develop poorly, and the place is stupidly annoying. It all started when Michael Keaton didn't have to pay attention to anything new since Batman lost his beautiful composer. Anna went into a car accident that could be caused by driving. She should be rich. In his grief, Batman moves to a new apartment and picks up a hobby: save anything and watch it. He learned this from a really pathetic fat man who was killed by three high shadow groups that live on his TV. He soon began to see dead people, thanks to EVP or electronic sound phenomena, which was clearly the agreement that the dead could send messages to people living through tape recorders, video cameras, dead mobile phones. " She ... DEAD! ... must be a ghost. Hmmm. There are no other possible explanations. I will start tampering with this story by default. ") So why can't they write anything on the film? Human or knocking things to create a symbol of creativity is not explained. However, Batman eventually discovered that he actually saw the future and he decided to go to help this girl. He left his home in a short time because of the high blacks he entered after he left ("D * mn it! Able to travel between dead and dead people using electronic devices But I will die if we Can the time be right? (They nodded with confusion) ") He followed this woman to the warehouse and found this character from the first ten minutes of the movie. (Difficult or you will miss him!) Is a serial killer working for three high-pitched demons in the Raiders of the Lost Ark style. Swooping down and killing him looks like the cartoon they are. Then some detectives appeared and helped the girl. After Batman's funeral, he decided to send a message from outside the grave, apologizing to his son for being an idiot, apparently feeling that the best way to protect children from the horrors of EVP is to reveal. he Little boy smiling Nothing is possible, whether Batman, of course, his father started talking to the TV. The main issue of this film is when someone's phone rang and some men shouted. "It's Anna!"
