New York, I love you or should be a Manhattan name. I love looking at your people. Sometimes love is a precise example of the difference between storytelling and telling situations. Take a second look at one of the films that Ethan Hawk smokes for women on the street and earn money talking to her with nasty sexy words and another story with Orlando Bloom trying to score. Movie too An incredible demand from his director in reading Dostoyevsky's two books. While the latter is not a great story. But at least there is something that has a beginning, middle and end, while the songwriter tries to score Dostoyevsky, leaving on his lap and finally getting help There is more to this from the woman he talked to as a coordinator between him and the director. However, the scene of Ethan Hawk is nothing like that and feels like a scene added or directed by a film director who speaks the phone. (Or for that matter, Hawk, with the combo of Before Sunrise and Reality Bites) /> <br /> The nasty thing about the film as a whole is to see a few stories that work better with 'stories 'That is possible one or two times, then the remaining situations are unwinding, linked or overlapping with each other (such as bits related to Bradley Cooper, Drea DeMatteo, Hayden Christensen, Andy Garcia , James Caan, Natalie Portman, etc.), it does not have anything much to this film is the * Manhattan * and not New York, Queens or Staten Island or the Bronx. (Not even speaking Harlem or Washington Heights) - Lack of diversity is part of it. It lacks the imagination found in the hoe, no matter how good or bad than in Paris. J'taime is mostly about New York except through references. And the worst (Julie Christie / Shia LaBeouf) is difficult to understand at a terrible level. <br /> <br /> So generally wait For the TV and trying hard to get in and out of the movie - that is three scenes: Bloom / Christina Ricci, as mentioned above, is charming; Brett Ratner is the director (yes, X-Men 3, Brett Ratner) with a very funny story of a teenager taking a wheelchair to the prompt and Eli Wallach and Cloris Leachman, as a lovely couple, walked in Brooklyn on their 67th wedding anniversary. Everything that shouldn't be missed, even the first film release of Natalie Portman and the return. Of Hugh's brother (Allan alone) On the screen of the bag mixed gently, it seemed like having to search through a bean bag filled with crappy peanuts to find the remaining almonds.
