The ugly shooting of the sequel of Joe Dante's script in 1981, "The Howling" is one of the two-thirds of the only great werewolf movies ever created and still receives 'rewards' by the terrifying sequel series This irresistible If it is any consolation, "Stirba" is the only sequel of the title and does not involve any characters or events that were used in Dante's plot. Here revolves with the bloodthirsty cult of the werewolf. Transsylvanian? Most of them are women, led by Stirba Stirba, played by Sybil Danning, who turns from an old woman with a curvy blonde hair. (With impressive breasts) in the blink of an eye and hairy when stimulating sex Her foes are played by Christopher Lee. His character ?? Stefan Crosscoe is a mysterious detective who travels to the kingdom of Stirba along with an American couple who lost their friends to the werewolf cult. In case you are looking for dirt and nude pictures in particular ... this is your movie. Even the smallest killings were shown in great detail, and we were treated to the blast of the eyeball and the vicious images of the dwarfs that were pierced on the pointed fence. However, if you need a little substance or depth, you will be very disappointed. The conversation was embarrassing and there was no tension to detect anywhere. The playwright seems to confuse werewolves and vampires. (Transylvanian settings, garlic, wooden poles ...) and Danning's magnificent terrace are tricked into tricky as the only mechanism of the movie. At the end of the credit, the image that she ripped off her top was fixed over and over again. (According to Dr. Gore, one of my fellow reviewers, who is no less than seventeen times!) Which is quite pathetic and pointless. The music is fine and the scenery is quite beautiful. I'm talking about a fierce statue during the opening ceremony and the dark dungeons of Stirba Castle, directed by Philippe Mora. Is it a mess? As far as I'm concerned? His only worthwhile movie is still "The Beast Inside" released three years ago.
