The Howling II begins when it refers to the strange and supernatural narrative by Christopher Lee, whose image is defined above the moving star field. Oh and the skeleton appears for some reason. He says "because of it Wrote that the world was drunk with her blood, and I saw her poking a hairy animal and she held a gold challenge that was filled with the most dirty adultery and her forehead was right. John writes up The wonderful mother of words that I can't hear, I can't say no matter how many times I roll the new tape and try to apologize # and the nasty things of the world. It's very strange After opening the credits, which are located above the Transylvania architectural image, we get a comment on the screen that tells us that we are in 'Los Angeles, California, United States, the city of angels' I know I spent 86 minutes, probably not long after the original events in Howling (1981) and Karen White's funeral after the Ben ceremony. Brown, Karen's brother, spoke to a mysterious detective named Stefan Crosscoe (Christopher Lee), who said that the Karen were werewolves and that she would come back to life again. Ben banned such nonsense. But when combined with one of Karen's friends and colleagues Jenny (Annie McEnroe) He visited Stefan at his home. There, Stefan tells them about the werewolf and how they are killed. He mentions Stirba (Sybil Danning), who is the queen of the werewolf. Stefan also shows photographs taken at Karen's funeral of a Karen woman named Karen and says she is a dangerous and dangerous werewolf that needs Karen. Stefan said that he would bet on the werewolf and heart with titanium. Ben thinks that Stefan means that he will hold shares of Karen as well, including Jenny. He travels to the cemetery where his sister's crypt is stopped by Stefan. However, many werewolves appeared and attacked Stefan Ben and Jenny. They survived the attack and managed to find out that Stirba could be found in Transylvania. All of them decided to travel to Transylvania and stop Stirba and her werewolf from occupying the world by an old curse. Many centuries When they arrived there they traveled to a small town called Vlkava which means 'where the wolf lives' and meets the local priest, Father Florin (Ladislav Krecmer) and a small group of werewolves But his honesty Oh and the dwarf named Florica (Ludmila Safarova) also helps. They followed Mariana, which they hoped to lead them to Stirba, but Stirba knew of Stefan's arrival and plans for Ben and Jenny. Can Stefan be able to end the Stirling's plan for world domination? Will this film get more bizarre? Watch and search, directed by Philippe Mora. This is a strange movie. It's not good to fix because some of the sequences go uninterrupted. The single biggest problem is the script of Robert Sano and Gary Brandner from his novels that are everywhere and not sensible or suggest us to know the right characters that we like. Fortunately, it moves along the rocket and never gets boring or boring like the original. There are always some strange or strange things to keep the audience entertained. Most people may hate it. But for those of us who enjoy movies that are 'bad', this thing will be there with the best of them. There is a group of werewolves that are surprised to see. We got werewolves to kill weapons. The scenes and locations are unbelievable, and I don't know if this is an image taken in Transylvania. But it didn't look like I thought Transylvania in the mid-80s would be like that. The castle of Stirba is part of the Dungeon Castle, part of the Gothic castle and is part of a modern luxury house. Stirba and the attire of her servants are great. Stirba wears a dress that looks like a S / M video and for justice with her, she looks sexy and her minions wear leather clothes. Unit as well Special makeup effects are from good to bad. The eyes of some exploding dwarfs have torn hands and the priest has a creature emerging from his mouth. But this is not a movie full of blood The sequence with the conversion and attack of the werewolf There are many nudity, like Stirba and her minions as a true werewolf group! I should mention the soundtrack song that is dominated by the great rock music that I hate and I end up lowering the volume. The performance is weak all the time and Christopher Lee is thinking about him when he accepts this movie! I wonder what he thinks Basically, things are really messy. But I found that it was quite fun Impossible to recommend But it keeps me watching forever When talking about the ending credits that seem to have been erased and depicted, it has the same features of Sybil Danning who removed the dress and revealed her breasts may be over 20 times! If that is what you
