This is the first episode of "The Complete Dramatic Works by William Shakespeare". The BBC series that I have seen and if they all are like this, I may not be watching anymore. Playing all the contents of this drama is everything. "Romeo and Juliet" made for it, lacking in all other departments. Alvin Rakoff revealed himself as a terrible director, both technical and artistic. In the past, because he made mistakes that even first grade students avoided wisely. For example, the first appointment of Abraham and Balthasar in the first scene that was badly edited or the nurse came into Friar Lawrence's cell by asking if Romeo and him were in front of her until he saw She is clear if she is blind and in the back because all the actors are wrong, even though some of them are good actors. Rebecca Saire looks like I always thought that Juliet would look like and she was not. Show Bad for Teens But her performance lacked a passion for all forms. Patrick Ryecart, while Romeo was worse, not only But boring like Juliet only But still looks too old and looks bad, with the combination of Malcolm McDowell and the Chucky doll combining them together makes it impossible to think of what they feel for each other, allowing them to be the main players of the story The greatest love ever written by Alan Rickman in his screen debut, played Tybalt as if he were Darth Vader, which was a big mistake that brought the complexity that Shakespearean character who does not intend to come out a hero or villain Tybalt looks boring until we do not believe that character is poor after his death. For Paris, I think of "Prince Valium" from Spaceballs. Only Celia Johnson can show the role of a nurse. <br /> <br /> At 168 minutes, this production cannot make us sympathize with The characters because the characters do not sympathize with each other. See to believe in their role The best screen version still belongs to Franco Zeffirelli. But for fairness, one of the BBC's is not worse than the abomination, such as George Cukor's colorful elderly model or 4/10 crimes against humanity.
