The ultimate "Brigadoon" is a very promising entertainment package. Gene Kelly and Vincente Minnelli, the team behind "American in Paris" has reunited with many excellent craftsmen and women behind the previous collaborations. Gene's leading lady is Cyd Charisse, one of the best dancers of the 40s / 50s and different from "It Always Weather Fair Weather", which is generally excellent. This film gives them an opportunity to not only But dancing only twice. Lerner and Loewe were the team that increased after their future debut, such as "My Fair Lady" and Minnelli's musical masterpiece "Gigi"; Lerner and Minnelli showed the collaboration of They were in the "American in Paris excellent" <br /> <br /> What happened on the way? Why is this movie so boring? Minnie doesn't want to do this film, even though he has a warm artistic and personal relationship with Lerner. Probably because of the nature conservation of the movie that was only two steps forward too much for MGM and stepped back one step for Vincente Minnelli, but when trapped in this assignment, like the people in Brigadoon trapped in the city area Nellyka tries to make it into something that will entertain, distracting, especially if not letting it be free. Great results are truly terrifying. <br /> <br /> While looking at Minnelli's innocent charm, such as "Cabin in the Sky" and "Meet Me in St. Louis" Which is a city citizen wearing Brigadoon's plaid dress, unable to think about the wrong nostalgia of places that had never been before Its fast doesn't match the luster of "Yolanda and the bandits" or "pirates" because the plateau setting seems at the same time too much for imaginative, exotic and too ordinary for the real human emotions. Only in Brigadoon that I can relate, at least, is the man. Dissatisfied trying to escape and the unfortunate traveler friend played by Van Johnson who accidentally shot him. The general action in the Brigadoon district itself is too secretive and insider, even though it is a form of Christianity in the past: they look like pagan people in their terms. For example, in exchange for the immortality of Brigadoon, the best and best pastor of the city sacrificed his own place in the sacred refuge. <br /> <br /> At one point, we can be sure that "Everyone" is looking for their own Brigadoon. "Suffice it to say that the box office for this picture confirms their own suspicions that most of us don't look for heaven in virtual reality. His own location is ridiculous and almost insulting patronage. But can work if the perfect player But Kelly is the one who fostered the movie the most, and Charisse was a terrifying pessimist like Lucille Bremer, who was captured in "Yolanda and the bandits" Van Johnson made his best model in the classic movie Oscar Levant for Kelly (even though he had 3 cigarettes in one spot, like Levant in "AIP") and he gave many fun moments. But it tells something in itself if the best part of the grand budget event, along with the best talent of MGM, is Van Johnson's performance
