Often I felt compelled to criticize the negative film; After all, I always felt that "If you don't have good things to say, don't speak at all" will be the right advice for those who have many interests that we listen to every day. If it is the same thing for you, the reader, although I feel compelled to point out that there is only one exception to Christopher Walken's role in returning to Gabriel. This film is poor. HORRID I say this to To remind you in advance that even if you are a big fan of the delivery and the Walken look of the original, or like the traditional "prophecy" you will be greatly disappointed If you buy, return If you rent, check that it's only ninety cents. <br /> <br /> What's wrong with this movie? All items will take time to read too long and will make you bored. But a brief summary is as follows: The clear, clear picture of the relationship between the angels and humans in the first film is torn into pieces. Gabriel turned from the rather horrible right hand of God, which he once was. (And in this role, he is funny, funny at first) is more than a heavenly gangster, because Walken plays a good role (all of us remember Frank White from "King of New York"). But the actors who support is a mess and unbelievable of humans and angels alike who can't buy clues for 50 cents. If you can figure out the plot that you are a person smarter than me, one gets the feeling that we. Walk aimlessly from one scene to another to move the movie to Walken's next big line. At the end of the movie you want him to blow him and make Jericho's wall. With those who suffer from natural disasters. <br /> <br /> The bottom line - it's an insult Our ingenuity that they created the sequel of this movie at first The manuscript tells the correct story, answers the question that should be, and leave only the one you intend to ponder after that. There is no compelling reason to follow these characters. At first - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept the "great secret" to the teacher who protects her children - even Lucifer. Itself is more interesting The first movie is more than any other character in all sequels. I feel sorry for anyone watching this movie and not the first one because they may not want to see the original and that is a real tragedy.
