Everyone knows that the original Gregory Widen "The Prophecy" does not need the sequel. But you still don't want a rocket science hanging over your chimney to know that more cash is from a profitable horror concept. The second part is a prototype example of a sequel to the video, which means the plot of creativity and complexity has been simplified to support more actionable, more witty torpedoes. The only good news is that the producers tried to treat Christopher Walken for the role of Gabriel and he gave a delightful performance that made the price of the rental fast If not for the performance of Walken (and there may be two players in the supporting team like Brittany Murphy and Glenn Danzig) "The Prophecy II" will disappear immediately after releasing it. The movie begins with Gabriel literally coming out of Hell to continue his ongoing War of Heaven here on Earth. The purpose of this fight is to prevent the baby nurse of Valerie Rosales. You can see that her unborn child is the first hybrid between heavenly angels and "monkeys" on the planet and the birth of superior creatures will indicate The fall of Gabriel's evil rule So, just like in the first film, he was involved in suicide to help him and hunted Valerie all the way to Eden for the final showdown. "The Prophecy II" is a sturdy and sometimes movie. Even entertainment, as long as you do not compare to the original and as long as you can overlook multiple vulnerabilities and errors continuously Whenever the story becomes too boring, the creator is lucky enough to insert the moment that Christopher Walker is approaching to distract you. His interactions with the stubborn Izzy and especially his ignorance of modern world technology often result in a rewarding and memorable sequence. In a slightly off-topic note, I often feel that "The Prophecy II" has ambitions similar to "Terminator II" ?? Gabriel's resurrection seems to be the movement of the future robots and the Eden location, where the final battle takes place. It seems as if the steel factory "Terminator II" ends as well. Coincidentally I guess Overall, this is a result of a humble and sufficient consequence. But it's worth it to try in case you are a big fan of the unique charm of Christopher Walken (and who wouldn't be like that)
