This is one of the horror films that have twenty movies. Playing with the dark arts around the camp fire causes many problems in doing so. The portal was opened with the demonic world known as Kelippoth of Sitra Achra. The man whose daughter, Summer, was kidnapped by something. Summer is trained by a mysterious group that never revealed himself to fight monsters. This is part of the plot that lends itself to scrutiny. However, three wannabee witches who went to high school together, Renea, the most serious and serious trainee in the dark arts and her lesbian groups, Jasmine and Marlene (..) joined with friends Jason and Ricky, traveling in the wilderness where summer disappeared from her home ten years ago Opening the door through the words written in the ancient devil's book was released as well as the summer. Now, the warrior infants who practice have led to a complete and strong body and have the skills necessary to eliminate monsters. In another world, <br /> <br /> Low budget, difficult. But ambitious and controlling it in a limited environment. These young people spend most of their time in the forest hoping that they will not be animal food. As can be done in these films, the devil stands on the sidelines as the story is developing when the summer tries to remember how everything has passed, while Jason, who wishes to help her recover the lost time Most actions were shot in the dark, causing violence to be deciphered. Brigitte Kingsley (and other female actors in that regard) was a great cute eye candy wearing a scantily clad costume as Conan. The beautiful female body that we have to admire from the moment she appeared until some lesbian films (.. Some people kiss and fondle) and the nude makes the spices look better and the actors seem fun. <br /> <May be interesting for the co-stars of World Wrestling Entertainment's "Captain Courageous" Christian (real name). , Jason Reso) As one of the groups, he spoils his alter ego, being a chicken, shaking with the sound of a broken branch. Landy Cannon is an unlikely hero. Jason, lovestruck, an innocent young man with a fiancee's past , Jasmine (Vanessa James), now two sexes and love Marlene (.. The brutality of Jasmine is in the sense of Jason's relationship with Marlene from his knowledge) while Ricky and Renea try to take him out of this idea that he can ignite the flame. The dead fire went out again. Most Kelippoth demons are dark. I guess that will not show that laughing / laughing. Jasmine's funny lesbians and Haley Shannon, most of them tame their love, do only once in the forest, up on the tree, being toned down and illuminated with darkness My rating is quite good for it, almost because of Kingsley for superficial reasons rather than plot or movie production. This film is intended to please and market with boys. (And girls who love hot women) but I think most of the humor is quite flat
