It is sixties and everyone with long hair and a distant attitude will be paid to create a movie. That is how Michael Sarne, the director of this huge flop, can get a job. Sarne is one of the highest unpaid people who ever received a dollar to make a movie. In fact, all studios have been tricked into accepting to hire a man who created a movie about the previous one, with the most valuable black and white features in the 60's, called Joanna. To a female actor with similar abilities / waif Genevieve, who is barely able to speak full words without showing inappropriate facets or tweets Sarne, who may not be able to direct the cartoon, has never been interested in a cheap Hollywood movie in his head. David Giler's book is the best place to find out if Sarne, who is a malevolent boy, can be How to pull the fleece to cover everyone's eyes If there are historical signs that indicate the superficialness and shallowness of that era, Myra Breckinridge gave it that mark. It shows the emptiness and irrationality of more than a decade, which is often remembered for the great sea changes in politics. Breckinridge's body is the standard of another equally important species. Watch this movie and you will get a different perspective about the emptiness of the less-mentioned spirit that is often passed on through the years. <br /> <br /> Reviewer Many people talk about cutting images from other movies, especially older movies. Some people like these ludicrous "comments" and what happens in other movies. They find that they don't have feelings. Annoying and annoying But because this movie is terrible, <br /> <br /> In my opinion, the real reason Michael Sarne put a lot of movie clips into Myra Brekinridge is making paper with intelligence and imagination that is not enough. He has said that Sarne is a challenge. Imagine that he just threw these clips to fill the space and spend time. They did not inspire their desperation. His writing skills did not exist, and David Giler stepped out of the project wisely because it might be due to a tick bomb. So Sarne was left trying to make a movie and he couldn't. It was beyond his slim ability. Therefore, the introduction of what seems like half the value of all movie clips. The ghost of the writer and director - many of whom have been called to repair this tragic floppy because Sarne is sure it can't be done. This is what he happened in those days. He sat on the scene and thought for eight hours while the actors and the entire team (Not to mention manufacturers and accountants) cooling with their heels and waiting for something A hint of originality is a soup of wisdom that will break from Zeus' forehead. Oops, No Zeus + no fantasy + no sparks = Small, multi-million dollar bills with small wings - each one Made from hundreds of license agreements that require clips - fly out the window. Goodbye. <br /> <br /> For myself, I hate movie clips. They eradicate many of Sarne's gamblers, teasing talented people - even those who are not skillful - far beyond the ability of the director and ultimately show that he lacks inspiration, originality and even talent. Plain - compare even their most wonderful
