Anyone who knows me from a distance can tell you that I love movies that are almost as bad as I love great movies and I can honestly say that I finally saw one of the bad movies. In the Forever Legend: BRECKINRIDGE, a book adapted from Gore Vidal's best-selling book (after he rejected this film version) MYRA BRECKINRIDGE, a famous star, is a terrible movie. The fun continues from start to finish. The X movie about sex change operations and Hollywood was a real disaster at the box office and was booed from the screen by both critics and audiences at the time of release. It is not surprising that the film received the status of a prolific cult legend among bad movie lovers, and I was excited to see it for the first time. <br /> <br /> Director Michael Sarne (Those who had previously directed the other two directors credited with his name at that time) spent a lot of time with the completed movies and, in fact, it didn't seem like he had a clue about what he had. That will make it successful Often this film is not intermittent, with all the sequences together in a ghostly style, making the scenes almost impossible to understand. The annoying thing is that the mechanism used to archive images from the Fox movie vault and periodically, which means that there are images in the archives of past movie stars, such as Judy Garland and Shirley Temple, into the movie scene. The new, often sexually abusive act and the process did not work as intended. (This caused a slight uproar as actors such as Temple and Loretta Young sued the studio for using their pictures without permission.) <br /> <br /> Maybe Sarne is not the only one to blame. However, since the screenplay and casting are causing many viewers to shake Head in disbelief For example, this movie will ask you to believe that the film critic Rex Rex. (In his first film and his last story) may have changed sex and appeared as a beautiful god Raquel Welch! The film is hard to follow when Welch, when Myra tries to get a movie school from her lazy uncle. (Played by film director John Huston) persuades her husband's film student Farrah Fawcett and teaches the school boy (Roger Herren) the lesson by raping him with a strap on every dildo. Do you follow that? < br /> <br /> And it will be better (Or worse, depending on your perspective)! I have not spoken about the star that was billed for this film: the mythical sex symbol on the screen of the nineteenth-year-old mother of the West! Ms. West was 77 years old when she appeared in this film (she retired for 26 years) and apparently she still considered herself a formidable sex symbol while she played as a talent agent. High level with hunky men Tom Selleck) throwing her at her As if it wasn't good enough, Western deaf tones made two newly written songs about halfway through the movie and I thought I might endure permanent brain damage from listening to them! <br /> <br /> Naturally, there is nothing that resembles what a tasteful person describes as "good" but I will give MYRA BRECKINRIDGE 4 in 10 because it is always fun even when I Don't know what will happen in hell Most actors tried really hard. In particular, Raquel appears in hell that makes her bad writing become meaningful, which she achieved alone in making movies look worthwhile. If she has only worked with good screenplays and talented directors, she may eventually receive criticism from critics. <br /> <br /> The remaining actors do well. John Huston is cute (which Probably the director.) There was a time when Rex Rex was not bad for actors who were not actors and Farrah Fawcett was cheerful and refreshing. Roger Herren is also good. But he never appeared in the movie anymore after this (I think he wouldn't be able to live like someone who has been rapped by Welch) and as anyone can guess from the above description, the West mother doesn't care when she agrees to do it. This movie - but that's part of what makes it fun for us who love bad cinema.
