MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is one of the rare movies created in movie history immediately. There is no real view of this movie, even from people involved in creating it. This movie hates from the first day. At this moment, everyone will meet with a non-disciplined person who will watch this film in a philosophical manner. (Aggressive or courageous feminists to resolve gender issues) This film has not developed the following doctrine. It is not regarded as a masterpiece that is misunderstood as SCARFACE or is cut to be ridiculed as a classic camp like SHOWGIRLS. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt that the reason is that this movie is even Will be terribly scary, not cute or cute. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE is just a simple average. As a Hollywood word, it is cold-blooded and calm. But in a hollow way, MYRA admits that Hollywood is a corrupt city. But went further to attack the beloved icon, such as Laurel and Hardy, Shirley Temple, Judy Garland and Gary Cooper. It seems that this film implies that everything about Hollywood is a natural disaster. Seems to think that there are some things that are brave in mocking the sacred cows inherently But did not give a reason for ridicule at first This film is also anti-American and against the establishment and resistance of this and against that. But all of this is in the modern form of the late 1960s, as modern as the ROYALE casino; Ski-doo; I love you Alice B. Tolas and other hip epics. MYRA is a middle-aged vision of a hippie-dippy youth culture. It tries to accept the attitude that it is belittling. But instead of being ridiculed by himself, MYRA will not try to conceal the insulting things in everything that happens. MYRA BRECKINRIDGE has a sense of humor. There is no purity in one moment. Intentions are not honored. TIME magazine explains that it is "About jokes like child abuse" but it is not sympathetic. <br /> <br /> For example, the poor West mother represents criticism aimed at The film was described as seemingly everything from dragging the queen of the age to the corpse, walking reanimated. Obviously, the eighty-year-old star didn't know how much she looked ridiculous, playing as a talented man who was arrogant, ambitious after a young man Enough to be your grandson or even your great grandson, but director Michael Sarne must know, but he used her anyway. Why? Because it was clear that she was a joke, like John Huston, John Carradine, Grady Sutton, Andy Devine and other veteran actors in the movie. They were there for the film to mock their age. They were selected as self-proclaimed comedians such as Rex Reed, an arrogant movie critic who has been cast like in the movie, but the true Reed celebrity gossip talk show set may have A formidable charm But as Myron, Myra's alter ego, he was terrifying. It is obvious that Sarne rolled into a joke. <br /> <br /> You see MYRA BRECKINRIDGE and you don't see the actor. You will see the victim. Nothing more than Raquel Welch No one will accuse Welch of being a great actress. But is a testament to her stubbornness and her appeal that she survived from this film and her career was successful. In almost every scene, Welch is the front line and is the target of abuse that is aimed at movies. But her credit has made her remarkable remarkable performance Although, of course, in the middle between the scenery that chewed Huston and the West that could not move, Welch didn't have to do much to create a good balance. Even so, she showed a terrifying, frightening dialogue with an innocent smile, with a self-righteous guidance that would make any one James Bond villain proud. Legend has it that Welch was rejected from the West, who had been harassed and repeated harsh words in the scene by director Sarne, who did not talk about acting in an embarrassing scene. Cool performance and collection. <br /> <br /> The only interesting element of the movie is trying to figure out what the film's agenda is. The whole story is a fantasy fairy tale, which should state that it has the virtue of delivery. But what might be the guess of everyone With all the talk about destruction "The last vestige of the original manhood from the competition" It seems that there is a feminine ax to crush. But as a feminist, Myra is a terrifying sex hunter. In addition, Myra is not a woman. But she is a scam. Myron, who is probably a gay man That may explain the rape scene, including the attitude of the love / hate of the character towards the young man who seems to be a rusty person. But it does not explain his passion and lesbian meeting with Mary Mary Faraw Fawcett. The film is obsessed with sex. But can hardly be accused of being a sexual revolution; All sex is considered as if not dirty than at least, it is unusual and degraded. Turning to Gorvidal's original novel didn't help anything because it was confusing and pointless like the movie. <br /> <br /> And this is a rare movie that seems to hate the movie. Not just movies as a business But is a movie that is part of the culture as well The film is a long film about the wall, referring to old movies that the director Sarne approached with disgust. He broke into the basement of the 20th-century movie of Fox, and peppered the movie with anecdotes of old movies, not as an expression of respect or social comment. But to ridicule the purity of the old Hollywood artist - if you want to call Sarne unselfishly - how to do art work if he doesn't like the media he is working on A lot of effort is to completely overcome myself. <br /> <br /> MYRA BRECKINRIDGE doesn't seem to like anything other than disgust. It hates Hollywood. It hates America. It hates sex. It hates gay and straights and women and men and old people and young people and Laurel and Hardy and you name it and may have scenes that are insulting. With great sadness and regret, MYRA BRECKINRIDGE may be the first punk that celebrates the destruction of pop culture.
