I bought 4 sets of DVDs for 10 bucks at Suncoast in my area which has this movie and three worthless horror movies. (Including the sequel to "Witchcraft XI") Basically, I paid the lowest price of $ 2.50 for this movie if you do math. I can't tell if I was torn. I have a story about a horror movie that is worthless. But it is a trash that gives a bad name The budget must not exceed $ 1,000 (although it looks like they spent $ 1.50). I know it's a budget movie. But there is no excuse for those who do not receive attention. The movie "Blood Cult", although not so good, was created for a very low budget and still has a good photographer and actor. The performance in this film is a definition of "Do not try" especially from men with muscles with a Texas accent. Everyone reads the line out of the page quite a lot. You can use it as figurative or real. I won't be surprised if the script closes the camera while they're performing. I said earlier that I had never seen any poor British actors. This movie has some bad stories. And although English movies are not always good But they seem to have a small degree of complexity, which is why I don't see why any British or British woman has a volunteer to do this home video. Merchant Ivory holds the casting line. Of them? Usually I think people are too difficult for directors and actors. Even the worst movies in Hollywood are professional in directing and acting. Even if you watch a movie like "Glitter", you can't honestly say that it looks like the third grade shot those scenes. (Although third grade students can write scripts) I used to watch movies in homes that were able to shoot better than "Witchcraft X" and that was not an exaggeration. Sold at Party City only, not the only effort to create this movie - try to sum up like that. You get the picture There are a lot of pornography, although it doesn't help. Anyway, I have to say that the girl with bare red hair or wearing split-dress throughout the movie is really hot! <br /> <br /> My score: 1 (full 10)
