But "Cinderella" received my vote not only But for Disney's worst princess movies only But for the worst movie that the company made during Walt's life This song is really beautiful and the story should be dubbed "classical". The thing that failed in this film is the character, especially the title character, which is called "heroine" in terms of loose vocabulary. <br /> <br /> After the opening, the audience will get to know Cinderella. She wakes up in the morning and sings. "The dream is the desire in your heart." This makes her an idealist. (And deserves our sympathy) Unfortunately, the script didn't tell us what she dreamed of Is free from her servant role? Respect for your family, your pace? Is there someone to talk to besides mice and birds? In one song (cut from the movie But presented in the latest DVD special features) Cinderella relates to her desire that there may be many people so that she can work more efficiently. You go as a fan! In short, Cinderella is a very polite character. She accepts the abuse of the family by stepping into an unspoken dream. She confirmed herself once by reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. For this, she was allowed to leave the ball if she had finished working at home and looking for something that was clearly ridiculous token for everyone except Cinderella. Has anyone seen that Belle or Jasmine is like a doormat? If Cinderella is bluffing, her spouse is not lifeless. The prince in Cinderella is not interactive and has almost no screen time. We are not indicating that he is a good person if he respects Cinderella or whatever. All we know is 1) He is a prince and 2) He is good at dancing. Heck, even the prince from "Snow White" must sing at least romantic. Lack of development not only makes love less interesting, it also makes Cinderella look like a social climber or an idiot, causing her to attract some attention. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the main character Animator chose to give too much time on the screen to the comedy movie Cinderella's friends. Get these amusing characters Still, when the cartoon relieved the thief from the producer, assuming that your story had some problems, <br /> <br /> Dinsey likes to announce all animation features as "Masterpieces", while many of them have some people who do not deserve this appeal, Cinderella is an important example of this truth.
