After the release of Cube 2: Hypercube (2003) and showing the alleged success of the original Cube (1998), director Ernie Barbarash gave the freedom to bring the third installment to the trilogy, which is the Cube prequel center> <br /> Deep in the gut of a giant institution and without face, time and place unknown, two low-level entrepreneurs, Wynn (Zachary Bennett) and Dodd (David Huband), sit and observe the behavior of people who used to be Placed in a large network of cube rooms, some of which are trapped in death Said that the people they were watching were being convicted of criminals who chose this terrible and life-threatening injection. These observers had no problem with their work until the mathematical genius discovered that one In the female prisoner Cassandra (Stephanie Moore) never agreed to put in the cube. Suddenly, knowing that their work may not be what they seem, and that they may be part of something that is seriously ill and distorted ... <br /> <br /> For those who have seen and enjoyed With this traditional cube, the prequel may not be pleasant to you. Not that the story will not have the potential. It's just the first cube movie that doesn't need to be expanded. Standing alone, it is a little psychological thriller that has an interesting and confident concept about its own message. It has its own well. The problem of Cube Zero is that it destroys the mystery of the manuscript, trying to answer questions with additional questions. But resulting in a mess of things that you don't want to fix. <br /> What is this new movie? There is a question about the psychological characteristics of power and the stubbornness of evil. Of course, it's a good question to raise. But may have been doing so on their own advantages rather than being a continuation of the movie without Such inspiration. <br /> <br /> When talking about this, other aspects of the movie, such as acting and direction and writing, are not scary. There is a dark and dark appearance, similar to a film that is similar to film noir in the name 'The Matrix' and 'Dark City', and they can bring the frightening feelings of the first Cube back again. Unfortunately for Barbarash, these features are not enough to save.
