Steven Vasquez directed and co-wrote with James Townsend, this little actor, the best horror movie, flicked with great ideas and intentions clearly: create a gay movie that uses a story that is different from normal and Create the desired drama Judging on its advantages as a thriller So why it doesn't work For the beginning of the film, losing direction from opening frames and walking aimlessly throughout the movie, starting with the thriller thriller But aimed at the satisfaction of the audience who want to see the nude encounter No matter how bad it is: it can raise some movies that are successful in Hollywood. The film also tries to talk about leaving experiences in men and women, disturbing relationships, parenting the club scene with wild comedy that comes with events like this - and murder. It's a small story that will be stuffed into the 96-minute movie. <br /> <br /> Devon (James Townsend) from all appearances as a successful child with Jenna (Sarah Sarah) but he has a boy's eyes and goes. Visited the bar where he met Brian (Alex Wilson), who is on the same path and able to help Devon at all levels. They bond Devon out and the mystery begins: The boy disappeared in the neighborhood. Psychologist Devon's stepfather Dr. Kirk Tyler (Dan Swett) isn't at what he seems to be and despite Devon's consolation mother Was thrown into the road because of his new relationship It seems that Dr. Tyler is in the dark business with Detective Cunningham. (Earl McDougle), who is investigating the missing child ... Devon gathers resources from understanding Jenna, her girlfriend and her subordinates, and the group reveal the darkness of Dr. Tyler and his close friend Detective And with Donna shining the warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of gay boys etc. <br /> <br /> Some actors are satisfied with the eyes. (And there are very few eyes that are not checked frequently!) But the level of performance is low at all times The only thing that makes us forgive is that (And in some cases it is too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment to everyone involved Yes, this is an economical movie, and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. But in the end, there are some things that people involved try to bring gay movies to another level. Maybe their next person is more polished. Grady Harp
