... and not a good way. BASEketball is a waste from most movies in every way. It is disgusting to all senses. This doesn't bother me. I've seen a lot of bad movies, bad movies before and will see them again. BASEketball is a size movie that you regret having to spend ninety minutes watching the reason at BASEketball. Causing me to be offended because it was the actor Trey Parker and Matt Stone in the movie that they hadn't written any respect I had for David Zucker for a long time. Lazy mess that looks and feels as if they were created by funny boys who look funny in the penis. "Airplane" is a comedy film that revolutionizes the industry and looks BASEketball. You will be surprised. When they found that they were created by the same person, <br /> <br /> I respect Trey Parker and Matt Stone. These guys are the funniest and smartest comedians in the mainstream entertainment industry today. Pictures and episodes of South Park are as relevant as funny. Every joke, even a fart joke, still has wisdom behind. It is easy to forget that there is an adult method of approaching inattention. I imagine BASEketball is an important experience for them because they hate movies for the right reasons. It is an idiot without feeling dignity or class. Parker and Stone were both delighted. This movie plays like the 90-minute episode of Family Guy. <br /> <br /> Parker and Stone have never been a great actor before. They benefit in their movies. I can't find a way to explain their performances in BASEketball, except for the fact that they are disguised as spoof movies, forged movies, spoof movies. Every line is delivered in a silly blinking manner. Looks like they're trying to make the worst of these pictures fun. But they became the same image I think of South Park "How to eat with your butt" that Cartman sat in the cinema watching great comedy movies without plot or credibility, unless speaking out, Parker and Stone used the same sound. For all these images It's really sad. <br /> <br /> And that's not my problem with BASEketball. My biggest picture is I'm sitting there because I know that Parker and Stone are following this shit. I know that if they take a damn thing and rewrite it, this thing may be recovered to the point of view. There is no indication that Zucker let them improve the scene as well. Parker and Stone are just tools for bad directors. BASEketball has a funny idea and I think Parker, especially if he is allowed to. Using the Zuckers script may have more content about them. But we have a little sense of humor. Don't rent BASEketball. You can laugh as well when watching elementary school students teasing.
