I gave this movie with 5 pity. My intention is to not blow everyone's bubble because I have seen like I have read other reviews. It is not worth any praise and I say this. Because I've seen the original Basilisk anime and this film makes you feel ashamed Maybe if you see Shinobi alone, you might like It's fun because of the battles that are designed well on the basis of imagination rather than in martial arts, and I agree that their beauty is deeply developed. But the story is not the same as the original Now I understand that when someone changes an anime / manga into a movie, one must make some changes. I do not expect to see strange characters from anime, even though they have a better role and some are profound and well designed. But I did not expect to see big and wrong changes that destroyed the whole story. Characters that have changed drastically and unethically change what people might love more. Maybe For example, Oboro, in which the anime is a sweet innocent girl who loves Gennosuke and becomes the leader of the vengeful tribe in the movie. I like the fact that the woman is strong and avoids the limitations imposed on that time. (We are talking about the 17th century Japan) but her emotional changes are unbelievable and poorly written. Hotarubi, one of my favorite characters in this movie But those who do not know her sweet and delicate nature become a pathetic little girl who not only But not only love lovers like anime. Plot. I can keep going like they created Tenzen. The worst and most dangerous characters in the anime are particularly weak and not interesting or Gennosuke, the lead character. Seems to be misplaced and completely confused, not to mention again, weak The music is beautiful and the picture is surprising, which is expected to be a Japanese movie and I like it very much. But don't look at this if you've seen and enjoyed Basilisk because it's hopeless. Basilisk has the basis of horror. But the elements of horror and exaggeration are mostly beautiful and have more depth in the characters, story, historical value. Shinobi wasted time and I couldn't believe it would continue after what Should be a climax Alas, I tried hard to judge the movie violently. But I advise you to resist it Please watch the anime or at least watch the movie first and then repair your image of what Basilisk is based on the anime. Otherwise, you will have seizures when you know how they massacre.
