It seems a shame that Greta Garbo ended her famous career at the age of 36 by trampling her husband's impersonal husband. Out of the success of her first romantic film, "Ninotchka" (1939) by Ernst Lubitsch, she was chosen as a strict Russian ambassador. Garbo reunited with her lead man Melvyn Douglas for the story. Sitcom Karin Borg, ski instructor, Jane, who is married to Larry Blake, the publisher manager, impulsively when he becomes a hit man. When he became clear that the job was something he had given importance to, Karin decided to take the role of her twin sister, Katherine, to test the integrity of her husband when he returned to Manhattan. <br /> < br /> was directed by George Kucor, which brought Garbo to her greatest drama in "Camille" in 1937, because this is an excellent vehicle that could not be Imagine for the screen legend. Only those who have the natural comfort and damage of Carroll Lombard will disappear with the Senaanigan who appeared in the numerical script by SN Behrman, Salka Viertel and George Oppenheimer, MGM's intent behind the movie. This comedy is a combination of Americanize Garbo's image for the audience during the war, in which the studio audience felt that the character was not interested in the tragedy of her favorite age at thirty. <br /> <br /> Larger as young Catherine Party and fake, especially compared to professional comedians such as Douglas and Constance Bennett as a romantic rival Grill Zelda. Photographed by Joseph Rattenberg Garbo looks tired in many scenes and is extremely ugly in the hairstyle that she pretended to dance sequences. "Chika-Shaka" The story ends conventionally. But by increasing the physical order that Larry tried to prepare his skis on many mountain cliffs, which reminded me of the death of Sonny Bono Roland Young and Ruth Gordon (in a rare form at this point in her career) appeared in cartoons supporting the role as Douglas's colleague. This movie has not been played on DVD and I don't think it will be important for the transfer because it means Curio in Garbo's legendary career. It is reported that she is not happy during filming. I can see why
