When this movie is played on television, you may want to save about 90 minutes and change channels. There is nothing special here that you have to watch. This story is about two married couples from Arkansas traveling together at Reno. The number one pair is Lonnie Earl Dodd (Billy Bob Thornton) who is a car dealer and has problems with his marriage. His wife is Darlene. (Natasha Richardson) and she has low self-opinion and they have not been so close together. Lonnie sleeps with Candy (Charlize Theron), the wife of Roy Kirkendall, his best friend (Patrick Swayze) They drove to Reno and all four stayed in luxurious suites. Roy and Kandy try to have children and eventually Kandy discovers that she is pregnant. But Roy calls his doctor in Arkansas and finds him barren. Candy and Lonnie accept their stories and now all the journeys are in chaos. The film was directed by Jordan Brady and he created other low-budget movies, but this was his first time with an impressive actor. Unfortunately, Brady did not show humor. But you can't blame him all This script is not a joke and one of the obvious problems is that all the characters are written at the sitcom level. Just because they came from the south does not mean they have to be naive and stupid. Thornton's character is not complicated in tipping a boy more than a dollar. And the characters of Swayze are called stupid and stupid by everyone throughout the story and a good time occurs when he asks everyone to lay off him at least one day. Penelope Cruz appears as a prostitute and it is a cameo Worthless and pointless She almost spoke more than 3 or 4 lines! I think she fulfilled the obligations to Harvey and Bob Weinstein, the producer of this film. The only one that is not bad is Richardson. We watched her have more self-confidence. But the storyline in this movie is clear and boring. These actors should know better and more difficult to understand that they all read the script and like it. Is a complete waste of time for these actors But at least they received money For the audience that you don't receive money, skip this one!
