Slackers are just another teen movie that shouldn't be seen. Dave (Devon Sawa), Sam (Jason Segel) and Jeff (Michael C. Maronna) are going to graduate from Holden University with honors in lying, cheating and planning. All three roommates have continued to be proud of the college for the past four years, and now, during the end of these big exams, are being arrested by friends who are not attending school. The plot is very stupid, and there is no reason why you have to watch this story until you close your brain for a while. Slackers are just flicking a predictable teenager who adds something new to the comedy game in Slackers. Hit or miss But there was no funny or real time in the movie It is just a funnier set and some are funny. Although for every joke that works, there are at least eight things that can't be done. The script is filled with jokes about the penis and breast that some high school students and college students may enjoy. Even though they did so, they may remember this movie soon after, because it's not a memorable comedy. Jason Schwartzman plays the role of Ethan Freaky, and after appearing in a good comedy, he bowed down very low. Jaime King and Devon Sawa were other main stars, but they worked quite well in the movie. this story Directed by Dewey Nicks and this is his first movie so you should not blame him too much. The most funny character may be Laura Prepon, but she is not in the movie very much. The movie is very short in just 86 minutes, but it may be too long for some people who do not like this type of humor. Slackers are not the worst movies of 2002, but definitely below average. Compared to other types of movies in the genre, there are a lot better, such as Not Another Teen Movie, American Pie and its sequel, Scary Movie 1 & 2 etc. So if you don't see most of them and you are looking for something new. Slackers may fit that bill. But it would be better if you just look at something else. Rating 4.3 / 10 Funny average score is below average.
