There are many movies that set the release date only to be pulled out of distribution because there is something that is legitimate and then was abandoned for a long time. You can hope that the rotten movies on "Slackers" are still in a coma for what it's worth, which is a miniscule. The release date is constantly promoted for this truly scary movie, which is pitched on. Radar as it deserves The location begins under the guise of Ethan, a creepy fool with a terrifying passion for Angela Bullet University. Ethan asks for help from David and his evil friends, which makes the school yearning for the whole process with blackmail to help Angela win. I don't like to let people break away. But for shit like this, I can exclude Angela falls in with David. Ethan intends to do everything. A good person wins. That is what happens in a tedious tread of another type of teen. Early humor is a joke. It often goes back to the era of "Animal House". Amata classic with the same generation like "There is something about Mary" and "Road travel" among dozens of others that are too much to talk about, but when you use it as a plot point, you can access it. In this case, Ethan has Angela doll, which consists of each of her hairs, which he does with God knows what No one wants to be a witness to watching Ethan urinate in the shower while singing for himself. No one wants to see a young man singing. "She must go around the mountain" with socks at the lingam But nothing can prepare you for a full-scale assault to see the 50 ammo of Mamie Van Doren bare her breast at the age of 71. I do not know if it is a lack of coherence, which cuts the scene. Unreasonable Director Dewey Nicks is a former fashion photographer and after reviewing this film, you just hope that he will return to his career. The worst thing you can do in any movie is to make it look as if you are having fun because you distract from your objectives like "Slackers". Do it by burying it as an outline under the junk pile. Pointless Short articles and lack of construction It's like a drunken student group taking a video camera and randomly shit and gather it together. If you want to watch a really good looking teen comedy, I recommend "American Pie" and "Animal House" or "Road Trip". Things that are fun and not bad like "Slackers" accidentally. Cameron Diaz made a movie. In this movie, like she did in a bad movie, such as "The Sweetest Thing", the story is considered a joke, primarily as with other plot instead of a Slackers device "at your local video store. Only Soil and to let it end up at the bottom of the class as it should be.
