I usually don't comment when there are many others. But this time I felt I had to I spoke about the taste of the review again, saying that it was something that was in the eyes of the audience. But when talking about this movie, if you like it, it means you have bad taste. <br /> <br /> I love movies. I like "Isle of the Dead", which is an unknown B&W movie. I still like it. " Scream "and" Scary Movie "I like these movies because they have at least some good things about them. I admire 99.9% of the movies I've seen because they tell stories I have never heard. Before and the director Larger film featuring only. Throughout this film I was thinking (Near the end) "Where did they come from these horrible actors?" "Is that supposed to be a joke?" But hopefully it might "create" the movie and prove that I didn't waste time I'm sadly mistaken. The story begins badly and the twists destroy the existing hope. This is a summary: storyline ?? Like the first movie, which doesn't matter, this movie is slow and sparse. There are no viewers related to the character or situation. The situation is scary and shallow and dull and completely predictable. The twist is terrible. It doesn't make me feel excited or wow. Just "My God" has nothing in the movie that you can look back and think "Oooo is not a smart person" because it's not in "Fight Club "There is an event that takes place at the end showing the bit that Tyler's true identity is shown secretly and when you look again you will see more. This is a wonderful meaningless effort. I think it is "Crazy things" that are twisted twice as poor and I still like this movie because the rest is okay and it doesn't try hard to make a big twist. It's like a CI2 writer who thinks it will be the best twist of all time. But actually it's just a bad story that has a bad twist left at the end. The film ended almost immediately after that, this film was voided, because the whole story of Sebastian, meaning what it meant and half of the horrific act The actors in this film are scary. Almost as bad as "Sunset Beach" - repetitive and poor performance It's not that bad. It's as good as "Hunk". The worst performance I thought came from Amy Adams, who played Kathryn. It was a poor performance, poor and bad for her. Robin Dunne is also poor. I have never seen "American Psycho II", but it is without a doubt that his "cool" style has put down the film. <br /> <br /> I can't say that. No, if my son or daughter likes this movie, I will be ashamed. But they didn't do that because they had to take into account all the things that made the movie so good that this movie doesn't really exist. I'm disappointed that some people say "You may not be in the age of this movie and don't like it." I like every movie I like as a teenager and have a very good taste. Also, do you really think that when you reach 20+, you don't like teenage stories? I like "Mean Girls" and other typical teen movies and see "Beverly Hills 90210" all the time. There is no excuse for Bad governance, acting and screenplay. I'm afraid. Also, I am 16/17 when I first watch. If there is anything older, will make you a better judge for the horrible movie. I can't believe that anyone can give it 10/10 as well. One of my favorite movies is "Memento" and I give 9 things that I know it's better. It is a shame for this website that people do that for 10 seconds without hesitation or not receiving movies / performances and making it like that. And perhaps their lives and with the realization that this is the worst movie ever created (worse than "Loch Ness") <br /> <br /> If you're not a teenager with bad taste or just No tacky, you will definitely hate this movie.
