Okay, normally I'm not cruel to the sequels, especially if the first movie did well and eventually was a good movie for 1999. I feel that one of the top five movies is Cruel Intentions. It has everything that a great movie. There should be, except for the original, the adaptation of the novel is still good to Cruel Intentions 2, which should be true, only open for the series based on a movie called Prepare Manchester The Which must not happen In fact, after seeing a small story about this movie, I can understand. Before things started, I was like the writer and director Roger Kumble. At least doing this too for 1 minute. In this movie, I was disappointed. It started by making the original style of opening with different Sebastian, instead of laying a nude picture of the daughter that contracted into the net. He placed the school's wife in the school directory. This is okay if women are not like 50 and generally the rest of the movie is a carbon copy of the original document. Which I understand if there is nothing wrong with it, leaving it as it is But you can't do it with movies. This is really a prequel. I gave the opportunity just to see if they became like they did in Part 1, but with Sebastian being just a prankster and Kathryn as himself. And changed Sebastian to be a sex hunter True, this movie has no basis at all. Anyone who chooses this option At least they might try to make people who look like traditional actors. But not they just hire actors who don't look good I use this word even though I don't know why. Of course, they didn't do anything in this movie. <br /> <br /> This whole movie is one of the liners that don't match the idea that some people have done it. But that is because they are from Part 1. Another bad point is that you can understand the need for them to show interest because there is no involvement from this parent. They were in there and they didn't use it as well as showing why children are like this. It doesn't work. The best thing about the manuscript is that the actors have the chemistry that they take you to this world. The tension on the screen that is there makes this movie a reality. This will truly destroy the experience of the first.
