This movie is the worst ever. This is a statement that people here on IMDb are often thrown. Whether it's a bad classic Uwe Boll movie like Manos The Hands Of Fate or the latest summer festival from Michael Bay, people tend to jump over to the sudden conclusion that on the board they post no. What's bad In the movie world, <br /> <br /> I'm jealous of these people because they don't know and don't know how deep the rabbit hole of the movie is. There are movies that are terrible, annoying, hilarious, unintentional, and ridiculous that the cult formed around them to celebrate the horrors and forums is the best place on the internet because everyone agrees. Unanimously that <br /> <br /> Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to offer you Ben and Arthur a gay, epic 85 minutes that is so bad that like a car collide, you know it's terrible. But you can't stop looking at it. "Hollywood actor, director" and I add Sam Sam Ravish whale from this movie in this horrible movie. I ask you to tell how Ego is driving this project. Mr Mraovich not only directed the film, he also wrote the script, directed the production, created, scored, edited and later starred in this film. This is a man who is blinded by his own ego and believes in his unscientific genius, like a man with an ugly child. He cannot remember that creating his bad bastard is a disaster. br /> Everything in this movie Failing at the epic level, the worst performance you've seen, the plot is the most ridiculous. Editing and movies are the most amateur, and even music is like nails on the board. I know I go here tangent But please believe me that this movie is very bad as I described. I would say that this movie is a scandal that has been squeezed into a film roll. But the truth is It was not taken on film. But it was shot with a digital camcorder, which is not better than when sitting in your closet Do not understand me wrong, I forgive the low budget for the movie if the idea is as interesting as I don't like. The Blair Witch Project proves that a low budget can still lead to an interesting film in the atmosphere. Ben and Arthur do not have a good idea to fall back, although this film will be spending 20 million budget with the best actors of Hollywood. But it still sucks. The plot is bad and the characters get worse. One of Arthur's main characters, played by other than Sam Marovich, is one of the most disgusting monsters ever put in the movie. You will not like him within 5 minutes after starting the movie, and at the end of the movie that is hated will become instant hate. Obviously Mr Mraovich had forgotten that we should take root for the hero. <br /> <br /> I don't want to destroy the bravery that is full of courage that you will experience this movie for. ) So, I will give two soft examples to believe that this movie is stupid, however tame and mild as in the least violated errors in the movie. In one cut we heard one of the main characters saying "They know a good lawyer and will give him a call." He shoots and then slowly comes back and he talks about this earlier in reality. Made in post production, I think The second is simple, just a few seconds after seeing a sex lawyer who has been told that the character flew to Vermont, so we cut to the plane, landing in the palm trees in a sunny area. I never went to Vermont personally. But I'm sure you won't find a palm tree there. <br /> <br /> Imagine the disagreement of a stupid amateur like this, stretching out for almost an hour and a half with ridiculous conversations. Then plot and multiply by 10 and it is not ready for Ben and Arthur Imagine the worst movie you have ever seen in your life and imagine that it is worse and you are still not at the same level as Ben and Arthur. This movie is really terrible. <br /> <br /> However, we should be glad that some of these movies are truly rare. They give us hope that one day we can be a filmmaker or we can be a screenwriter. Just because we have a new confidence, because we know that there is nothing that we produce, regardless of whether the amateur is the most interesting festival. <br /> <br /> True, the worst movie of the time was Finally discovered and it was called Ben and Arthur
