Oh man, what are you thinking? Sam Samraovich, who is involved in this "movie" thinking. Mraovich is the chief of almost everything of "Ben and Arthur": director, writer, producer. (Producer of EXECUTIVE!), Caster, star leads - You name it. He's doing it, and he (Mraovich) can suck more than anyone who has ever been fascinated in making movies. This is everything. This movie is about two gay couples, Ben (Jamie Brett Gabel) and Arthur (Mraovich- * groan *) Ben and Arthur want to marry in a world where everyone hates gay men. To make matters worse, Ben's "ex-wife" is crazy (they are not divorced for sure). Tammy (Julie Belknap) is crazy about steaming Ben, leaving her to find another man and calling on Ben. Back together, gay too!) And the Christians of Arthur devotedly hypocrisy and mad as Tammy's brother, Victor, was the hell that turned Arthur straight and tried to kill him after he was fired from the church. <br /> <br This movie Is a building with many stupid people (Eg Ben and Arthur fly to Vermont to get married - they go to Alaska Airlines and Vermont with a palm tree. They fly on a FedEx transport plane - hopefully they will Comfy in a crate plus lots and planning holes in the boot (Victor called to kill Arthur "The Final Plan" which later changed to "The Final Deed"; Arthur and a private detective (intern) drove the same other car). The actors "are terrible and go wrong. The script is horrible. (One example is "I don't make sense, right? You don't understand! I make sense. That's understandable! ") And there is nothing wrong with" movies "that I can do. Don't write it down. <br /> <br /> However, the most ridiculous and unbelievable thing about "Ben and Arthur" is that Sam Mraovich thinks he has created something truly amazing. (See his fake reviews for "Ben & Arthur" and his clear comments on YouTube.) Mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance makes him see nothing with his name that is really scary. <br /> <br /> So to conclude that forgetting all the bad movies that you claim to be the worst movie of all time - "Ben and Arthur" will knock them out of that position, even the movies of Paris Hilton looks like The "Dark Knight" as opposed to cruelty known as "Ben and Arthur".
