Holy shit, this movie is not good. I watched it as a joke. It's not that bad. It's good in an unintended way. This movie seems to be designed to make me angry personally. It works very well in doing so. As if the person who did this took really annoying things about the movie PRIEST, included in the group of ugly dudes, taking something interesting, funny or sexy from a distance and clever from mixing and adding In a bunch of old rotten cheese That is all here is cheese. There is not one person that this movie may connect to. There is no universe in which this movie can happen. Why does this movie not enjoy life and be happy? Why do they have to make this stupid idea for a movie that looks ridiculous than it is already? Why didn't they even try to make it into a movie? Okay, or even the B movie. Now I think they're doing something about this movie. I watched it expecting to have a full-fledged love story and I received a boring student project about some idiot who had to find strengths and courage to marry his girlfriend while elder. Annoying Christian men No, I'm not kidding. That's what it is Is that sound good? This film is rather stupid to Christian people, with the pattern of all Christians expressing displeasure, vulgarity and horror in making as many people as happy as possible. Many Christian people I know have never spoken or acted like these strange people. However, this movie is not fair and doesn't care about the gay community as well. These things have to be the most stereotypical gay people since the people on the radio station in the ROADKILL video game are destroying nerves and causing annoyance at the point that I can't pay attention to this movie. Fully This train wrecker has no strategy for designing scenes, showing camera angles, lighting, scripts, accuracy or ideas that will make this thing fun or interesting. There isn't even a single sex scene or at least unbelievable. Jamie Brett Gabriel is the only person in the movie that looks good. But he looks good. This is the trash in the perfect world. This movie will get 0.0 points. It has a value of 0 only. A blind, deaf and deaf nun with small bones for his arms and legs, which his face is on her armpits, can write, direct, and create better movies, and she may be a better actor as well. The fact that this film is a crime against the word "movie" itself. This movie is terrible that other films should be ashamed of the same format that can be viewed. I can put a broom in the chair and then record it with the camera and stop the film and replace it with a small x-mas tree and save that and I have created at least half the movie better than BEN Always & ARTHUR. There are two things worse than death. Tortured and watched BEN & ARTHUR. I am a homosexual and I may be the sexiest person you will meet if you ever meet me and I do not think I have been offended by the whole movie more than five seconds. First of this Film only If this film is a mistake, I will find a way to change the famous phrase. "It is good to make mistakes" to be "never mind to make mistakes unless the error is BEN & ARTHUR" Do you know that people often talk about things like "Good things come out of everything? ! "? I think Ben & Arthur is the main inventor in order to have something on this planet that is nothing good. If you want to call this movie the worst movie I have ever seen, give too much credit. As if the film was designed just to have its own genre There are good movies, bad movies, then there are BEN & ARTHUR. This is BEN AND ARTHUR.
