Amazed with the conclusion (Every gay video today has a big chunk on the cover, not necessarily interpreted as a good sign) I bought Ben and Arthur without knowing anything about it. This is my second time (And I'm sure it will be my last time) buying a video, connecting culture As far as I'm concerned, this DVD has nothing but obvious tearing. I did not make this observation lightly ?? I am the main collector of gay and mainstream videos and I can identify with some power and do not hesitate that Ben and Arthur is the worst movie I have ever encountered in my life. My movie has more than 1,600 movies (93% on DVD) and then there are more than 300 gay and lesbian stories. I barely own all gay movies that I have ever done. But I feel comfortable saying that I bought almost all interesting gay videos that have been released, and often I buy videos unconsciously about movies. Sometimes this makes a pleasant surprise - Aimee & Jaguar, it's in the water, Urbania and Normal are all examples of the wonderful gay names that I stumble upon accidentally. So when I read in the box that Ben and Arthur were involved in a conflict between lovers, gay and Christian Wright, one of my favorite subjects, I decided to not see my eyes even though I was disappointed with Buy queue culture Of sugar. This movie is quite bad. But compared to Ben and Arthur, it looks like GONE WITH THE WIND. So what's wrong with Ben and Arthur! Start with "plot" as it is totally ridiculous. This movie makes me almost sympathetic to the right Christian right? We were asked to believe that not only But the church will expel members because his brother is gay, but the priest actually executes a mob style of gay couples to help their spirits. (This makes sense) The writing is so bad that many scenes have no reason at all, and the plot does not reflect the tracking logic or the connection with the story. Murder and violence seem to be acceptable at the end of the conflict of gay activists / right-wing parties. Both sides and performances are so bad that it is difficult to imagine who in the film was hired. The character should be straightforward, almost no exceptions, clear, gay - and Nelly stereotypes to boot; Gay characters are not sexy or interesting. This film is enough to expel anyone from buying gay videos forever and distributors should be ashamed of themselves. The only advantage of this image is more than buying a connection. My other cultures VISIONS OF SUGARPLAMS is that this image has a soundtrack with clear dialogue. The difference is almost no different because the script is so tedious to understand that the script serves only to make you more aware of how bad this movie is. It's an embarrassing story for Queer's culture, and I intend to remind everyone that I can do it before they lose money at $ 9.95. This movie should be overpriced. I understand that soon there will be a new pricing of less than $ 20 which is highway robbery. I paid the original price at $ 29.95 and I never felt more cheated in my life. The only true laughter connected to this lower level is a review or not? I have seen "user reviews" for this film on a lot of websites and there is always one or two stories that "praise" the director / writer / actor in a manner that is clearly a critic of Ed's friends Wood wannabe is so sad. How desperate I just hope that IMDb will allow you to set zero stars - or even subtract from zero. If this film deserves
