If there is a movie that deserves 0 out of 10, that will be like that. 'House of the Dead' redefines the word "Bad movies" Other bad movies, such as 'When A Stranger Calls' or 'Premonition', will look much better compared to 'House of the Dead'. The basic "plot" of House of the Dead is Twenty-one groups travel to remote islands to participate. When there, they will find tents, tents, bars and blood-stained shirts. They decided to stay and they will soon be attacked by zombies. <br /> <br /> There is nothing to redeem at all about this movie. It's not fun, but it's a pain. Must watch because it is so bad Incredible performances In a DVD interview, one actor claimed that director Uwe Boll was not afraid to tell someone that they worked well or badly on the scene. This is an obvious lie. It seems that the script was written by an 11-year-old boy who decided to include someone's scene that jumped on the girl's chest and included a hilarious style. The characters have no personality or depth, and they do the most moral things they've seen in horror. The character also transforms into a SWAT team to get rid of zombies. It's like they don't have to aim the gun and shoot the zombies automatically. <br /> <br /> The most scary thing about this movie is directing. There is something wrong with Uwe Boll. The work of Boll's camera is surprisingly inconsistent. His pan to the zombies running through the forest looks stupid than dangerous. Worse, Boll actually thought it was a good idea to include a little video from House of the Dead in the movie very often, and at the most random moment you see the animation of the upcoming zombies. Shot It's unreasonable No one in the right mind will think that it is a good idea. It's like Boll wants to remind us that this movie should be a video game. Uwe Boll also decided that it would be cool to combine 360-degree slow-motion shots during the action scenes. Unfortunately, he did it too often and each match was disgusting. The soundtrack for this film makes the mind lose. Most action scenes come with loud rap tracks. It also adds to the subsequent headache caused by the brutal 'House of the Dead'. <br /> <br /> 'House of the Dead' is not bad because it is based on video games. In fact, it has very little to do with video games. In addition, it is not suitable for the category of "poor to good". However, it fits with the category of 'Terrible until painful', this movie is normal. Uwe Boll should not be left near another movie. Even his appearance would curse the production. For all directors: Whenever one of your films receives bad reviews, all you have to do is remember that you don't do 'House of the Dead' and you will feel much better. I will never get 90 minutes in my life. In conclusion, words cannot explain how bad this movie is. Everyone involved in the production of this film, especially Uwe Boll, should be ashamed of himself. Although what I said would make 'House of the Dead' sound funny, but it wasn't. Nothing about it is funny. Avoid this at all costs.
