Ok, so I'm not a big video game, but House of the Dead is famous enough to create a movie or not. Of course, they go as far as to put a short video game clip quickly across the movie as if performing any particular violent scene, but there are dozens of games that look the same with the hands below. The screen assumes that you are the owner of any weapon and make all kinds of aliens or walking dead or snipers or whatever is going. <br /> <br /> It's an interesting place in the House of the Dead. Of children in college (a college boy full of children who can pay some fishermen, like $ 1,500 for a ride after they miss a boat) trying to go out to this island for what The first thing to think about House of the Dead after watching it is that it is clear that modern horror movies are nothing more than an exercise to find creative ways for Give the teenager a little dressed Same situation At least in this case, the fact that they are traveling to excuses that are crazy about the way women dress They don't look good at running around the forest in cute little sticks, but at least they think they dress up on that occasion. Clint Hutt, the most interesting character in this movie Presenting an extremely awesome performance, greatness that covers every actor in the movie I can't stand when the actors who know how to change their accents in the movie are not very effective, and Howard here shows that it is equally flat to have a famous actor pretend that he is This fisherman Years of salty air breathing He did not file well. It sounded like he was eating cinnamon rolls before shooting and inhaling powdered sugar or something inadvertently. Truly there, Clint! I expect more from him. But then again he agreed to participate in this mess. <br /> <br /> When we reached the island, this movie became one of the movies on Friday the 13th of the 13th. Crystal Lake Camp Many teenagers are shown by actors over the age limit for the nakedness and then being killed. The nudity is impressive, I guess. But considering a few things, these kids paid nearly two grandsons to go to this island to go to Rave of the Year. Find NO One and say who needs beer! Even those who pulled hundreds of bags out of his pocket to bring them there, didn't think of anything as they found a full bar and not the only one who saw it. Here you have information from director Uwe Boll - with alcohol! They will not notice that the party in which they come consists of no one. <br /> <br /> So they started drinking not only But ignoring the fact that the whole party seems to be leaving the island, but when a woman goes out in the dark forest to find out where everyone is (Dragging another woman and a man reluctantly with him) The men and women who were behind were beaten, decided that it would be a good idea. To cut down for quickie, now that they are alone It's like they expect to find an empty island, and now the rest of the people they come with are gone for a while. They will have privacy because nobody is around. /> <br /> Now for what everyone hates and judging from the reviews I read about the movie Yes, inserting images from video games into most movies to show that the movie is faithful to / copying video games directly. Of course it's a stupid idea. I can't imagine who would think that the little nuggets But worse, the time-frame matrix style that was repeatedly thrown After the first time (at the point where I found it cocky and wonderful for a movie like this that would have fired like that, as if it were something original) it was more clear for the technique of self-shooting than meaning or creation Any drama, tension in any form <br /> <br /> One of the things that makes the zombie movie scary and make you sit on the edge of your seat is to make them slower. Less fatigue, but ran out of places to run, and with a shortage of terrible things to fight the zombies. The first two are correct in the movie. Children are scared and there are not many places to play since they are on the island. But when they ride the car with a smuggler, they find that they are heavily armed. And I mean strongly I mean, these people have everything from machine guns to grenades, which get rid of the most tension of approaching walking. <br /> <br /> Then you have what I call the techno scene. Because the frenzy never happened and I guess since Uwe Boll thinks that people will be disappointed that they can't hear the techno music in the movie. It became something in music videos. Techno music is exploding when shooting together faster and faster until there is nothing other than blood-filled blur, which is only about 5 frames long (which is about 1/6 of a second). That flashes through the music screen. I think it's wise But there is no place in horror movies because it completely eliminates the horrifying feeling or tension of the effects because you can't see anything long enough to respond to it. You just watch these images flying through the screen and wondering what the director is thinking when he decides that it is good to bring this in the movie. <br /> <br /> I see a lot of people comparing movies. This story with most Resident Evil claims that it copied their evidence and they were right. I would like to thank you, at least here, as not in Resident Evil. It's not a human-made virus that makes people become dead people that can spread others to the way vampires turn people into. Vampires, 28 days later, clearly became the inspiration for the film. It was too bad that House of the Dead didn't do the original thing except the idea that Significant quite mysterious picture of shock, lay the basis of a video game. In case you forget I think this is probably a much better movie. While apparently I can't say that I know a lot about the game, it depends on just the name and movie poster that deserves a much better movie. Unfortunately, I think it's often the case that it's not a horror movie. It was really sad when the movie came out, which was clearly advertised as a horror movie without suspension and the most horrible thing in this movie was the closing shock which introduced the possibilities of the region. per
