First of all, I don't know anything about 'Mazes and Monster' before I watch. I have no knowledge of the role-play argument or the fact that it's a movie created for TV. When I looked at the cover (one of the updated DVDs), I seriously thought that it would be another fantasy adventure like 'Legend', where Tom Hanks was a stupid hero from the 1980s. Monster legend sounds exciting, right? That's what the cover recommends to you at first glance. I received this movie as a gift clearly under the same place because my aunt knew that I was an action movie with a medieval theme, and it had Tom Hanks, one of my favorite actors. So I picked up this movie, hoping to feel good about Tom Hanks in the special effects world that would be good for laughs. <br /> <br /> No! No, this happens. Now, before I confess, I'm still a fool. But I'm not interested in roleplaying games That is all this movie is about, so the interest in my content is not as warm as it should be, and M&M (piracy?) Is not even a good feeling in the role of a cute movie that uses Their imagination to enter the world of superlative No! This is an anti-role film that must be created by some religious people. (The same person who thinks Barney is Satan's work) I understand that Satan is a crafty friend. But I don't think he is desperate Enough for the soul to lull lovers into roles as people worshiping him This movie is an anti-gamer movie. This is what I get from this movie: It hates RPG games and not only makes people participate in role playing. But it makes Tom Hanks a bad mental patient. <br /> <br /> Tom has an excuse to Talk to Volleyball in 'Castaway'. The poor man is alone. But Tom makes his madness fun and you see that volleyball is a cute character through Tom's good performance. I hope I will watch this movie instead of this. In this film, Tom is attacked by a dragon-believed creature. (It looks like a bad mascot for the role-playing team) and has the most creepy split personality. Tom's acting is too great to make you feel bad about his character and nothing else. I understand that the poor man lost his brother and not in the head because it made the film win the score because it was a deliberate tragedy. I am not one of the movies that use mental illness and the end of 'M&M' makes me feel like cr * p. 'Hudson Hawk' later and got a good laugh before my soul was crushed. HH 'Above' M&M 'by ... so much! This is not one of Tom's best movies. In fact, it is the most depressing movie you have ever seen in a movie (even 'Saving Private Ryan' didn't get depressed). I walked in the hope of watching a good movie and I felt the opposite. If you want to watch a sad movie (Both emotional and visual) then everyone looks at this If this film will send a message, it is like this: "Do not play RPG games if you are Cuckoo for Coco-Puffs"
