A few weeks before the German broadcaster "SAT1" advertised this movie as "TV-Event of the Year" - Sorry, but I've seen better things on TV this year. <br /> <br /> I don't. Have thought of this movie very much But soon I thought of two other horror movies when I watched the commercials - Titanic and Pearl Harbor because the picture was familiar: "The heroine" (if I called you) in the middle and you Two "loved ones" next to her - everyone Pearl Harbor? In fact, a love story is a story of a poor man in Pearl Harbor and that is bad! <br /> <br /> But when I like watching movies and analyzing their patterns, I finally decide to see that garbage. The movie begins with a doctor who left his family for a military attack against Russia near the end of the Third Reich that promised his wife that he would return. Now, fast forward to the spring of 1948: Germany lost war and allies and Russia occupied the country and they both tried to eliminate each other for the power of the world and their ideals: capitalism and communism. I guess you already know this because you have to know it - the movie doesn't get too busy. The film tries to show that the US government is an angel and ignores the participation of other countries during air transport, especially Great Britain that is responsible for almost one-fourth of the share, even if their country is bombed. From the country they are trying to help <br /> <br /> The most annoying thing is the past words that people say in this movie when the mother of the heroine tells her children. She said that Germany could be split into two parts, with responses like: "It's impossible!" Or when Stalin. (The director thought that we just looked at the mustache like an actor and he looked like him) saying that Russia had to stop "Coca Cola" from spreading in Germany. Yes, if Stalin had said something like this Or there is a pilot in this United States who tells his friends about bread with meat and everything that is possible - please! The people were invented WAY before that. <br /> <br /> In the movie you saw the airline map, it was fun. The map seemed to come directly from a laser printer in '48, General Lucius Din, who The main idea is to live in Berlin, being described as an average and disgruntled person, and all the ideas he had in the past, for example, air transportation and improving that idea. From the Phillip character The interest of the main actress who brought me to the other side: the African-American soldiers in the movie are not enough. There are two stories in this movie! In addition, the relationship between the US military and the German civilians is not allowed and from the disclosure of such relations, the US military must be sent home I don't want to say that there is no relationship. But in this movie, there are couples who are almost married, if it's not because of the death of the pilot in a fake CGI plane that looks particularly scary, especially the CGI fire! <br /> <br /> If it's not enough, every American in this movie speaks German, not an accent, even if they are in Germany for just a few months - see. I'm still an American living in the country. Germany has always been Life and even I have a slight accent What is worth noting is that children who show - children have two facial expressions: "I normally look boring like a robot" and smile. <br /> <br /> All in this movie is Boring from the beginning to the end, the movement is too slow, especially the love story, which is like in Pearl Harbor, only half of the conversation The sad part is that the film was a huge success - 8.97 million viewers, the first part and 7.83 million people on the second day. After that, SAT1 received two consecutive wins in the overall market share and related groups. commerce But as I always thought: the biggest cow is the place that flies the most.
