First of all, I should mention that I like the previous movie of ISHII Katsuhito "Samehada Otoko to Momojiri Onna" ("Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl"), although it owes Tarentino's "Pulp Fiction" debt. Ishii's work depends on the work that must bear the story and all the movies are full of energy. The scene between ASANO Tadanobu and GASHUIN Tatsuya is especially attractive. There are acts of intrigue, strange habits, sex enough to make things interesting and unpredictable stories. <br /> <br /> So it has expectations. " My enthusiasm was motivated by the opening of the credit, which made my wife and I am shocked by their enthusiasm and excitement. The combination of anime and live action is great! Then the movie started real. In fact, it doesn't "start" a lot because there is a switch at the side door and standing there, lifted the face through the bag, looking uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> The whole movie took place in three rooms. One is the paradise of the future of the cave (borrowed from "Shark Skin Man ..."). Another is the travel agency office and the third room. (And the most used) is the hotel room In that room, there are seven characters to meet and ... really do nothing. I am not a stranger in "talking". One of my all-time favorites is "My Dinner with Andre". Say the most "My dinner with Andre" is more exciting and only two middle-aged men who talk about their lives at dinner. The key is Andre Gregory and Wallace. Shawn tells the interesting story of "7 Party" actors alone, shaking each other throughout the story. "No, you can't!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you can't really!" "Yes, I do!" "No, you can't really!" Yes, I am really ... "You can. Get the idea. I hope I hope the director has <br /> <br /> "Party 7 is a movie that no one believes incredibly. There are only the most subtle plans. (The money stolen from Yakuza, as in "Shark Skin Man ...") with almost no action. No interesting conversations. Most of the characters are not as dramatic as Ishii spends the hours of uninterrupted conversations from Tarentino's movies and creating films all around. But Tarentino's conversation always has his own internal logic and intelligence. ("They call it 'Royale with with cheese'"). Otherwise, with conversations here that are more blunt than you can imagine. If not for a short period, hilariously hijacked from Gashuin (who's always great) and the low performance from ASANO Tadanobu. Great. I'll give the star "Party 7". It's really boring to make it pass.
