When I saw the other three, I thought I might catch it for the fourth TV episode of The Omen series as an independent film. This film is neutral. But as a sequel to masterpieces 1976; It is an imitation This movie follows the same path that many series' went down when they lost their minds. The idea of ​​turning men into women It is always clear that this movie was created for television because of the very standard performances, the plot that lacks the idea and the gruesome murder scene seen in the three previous ones is still low. This film made the original with a thread, which I will not reveal, even if it's clear. The revelation is one of the most interesting aspects of the movie. The basis of the plot is mostly copied by Richard Donner's manuscript and saw a young couple adopt a child whom they named Delia (not Damiella or Damiana, lucky). And soon his wife began to wonder if the child might not be normal While she had menstruation at the age of eight and had never received any illness ... <br /> <br /> The first two of The Omen were not bad, and the series should end at the third. I guess there's some money involved because there is no artistic reason why this movie should be done. It doesn't bring anything to the table in terms of originality and the only thing that should be successful in doing is the annoying fans of the series. This film looks and feels like a TV movie all the time, and most of it plays like a movie about raising a young girl with a problem. In fact, Asia Vieira looks like a little bitch. But she never convinces her to be a devil while she stares redundantly and most of The 'evil' that she did was laugh. Faye Grant received the most meat and was not impressed. While others in the team regretted agreeing with the stars in wasting a great time The only good thing about this movie is the theme that is definitely cut from the original. And used too much Overall, this movie is not worth seeing. It does not focus on any series and does not even do justice to the second sector that is weaker.
