And it did it through my experience that when the horror movie reached the "franchise" status and the name that followed will be published, then all of them turned into one of the inevitable factors : Not relevant. Omen IV: The Awakening does not exclude this rule. There are other young children who embrace their role as Anti-Christ, which is foretold by religious prophecies. Have we never seen this before? Is not enough in the last three stories before the launch, this time we have experienced the collapse of Damien Thorn? If you are a horror movie enthusiast like yourself, you will know that it is common for horror movies that have sequels and pre-credits to disappear from the redundancy - Children of the Corn, Hellraiser, Phantasm; The program continues. At this point in the game I'm sure you know what to expect when you're ready to see the fourth topic in the series. Whether there are times when you sit down and realize that some filmmakers are unscrupulous. Omen IV: The Awakening is like that - exercise to make money worthless. <br /> <br /> Movie This story does not offer anything new or interesting for Omen's lineup. It is unique and authentic, like Omen IV, which tries to compare with its siblings. Similarities and planning devices have a good hand. Very embarrassing Elements such as guardian dogs, the participation of priests, the suspicions of people involved, the scene of the headless death (Obviously showing respect for the original movie when the reporter was cut off with a glass sheet) ... even down to Father's involvement in politics and dignity in the community makes it too difficult to predict. <br /> <br /> Although it is common to be a B-Rated star in a horror story in Serie A This But that performance was not in the charts But full of absurdity and unintended humor because some people are not good Delivered throughout the film The atmosphere has completely disappeared compared to the first three names. In addition, the epic score written by the goldsmith in the previous movie was replaced by a flood of ears. Is a complete joke and makes me wonder if it was intended to be used with this movie or pulled out of the "stock" of the sound in stock ... which really says something because I rarely comment on With the use of music in a wrong way. Score - until now. <br /> <br /> All I will call Omen IV: The Awakening a failure in the world of horror movies with a long list of movies behind some people. To hit Users must sign and some do not. If you are interested in creating a new notch on your weathered horror belt like me, for the perfect purpose, you may carve this title as well - if not for entertainment, you should appreciate when the movie is screened like Correct or not comfortable
