Omen IV: The Awakening begins with 'St. Frances Orphanage' in which husband and wife Karen (Faye Grant) and Gene York (Michael Woods) receive babies by Sister Yvonne (Megan Leitch) that they adopted. The name Delia, in the beginning, things went well, but as time passed by & Delia (Asia Viraria) grew, the Karen began to wonder about her death and subsequent catastrophe. Karen believed that she was a demon. Karen discovers that she is pregnant. But discovered a sinister plan to continue using her as an agent for Antichrist and was shocked when she realized who the true father of Delia is. <br /> <br /> Originally directed by Dominique Othenin-Girard Who resigned or was fired and replaced by Jorge Montesi, the creator of this film, although why he must pay attention is that anyone can guess that Omen IV: The Awakening is terrible and embarrassing compared to the previous version. Brian Taggert is terrible. I'm not sure that this nonsense looks really good like words written on paper. But there are many unusual things that I find it hard to believe As a serious movie, Omen IV: Awakening fell on his face and it would work better if you saw it as a comedy. I mean the last scene when the detective confronted the group. The zombie singer, who is singing the famous gothic song, must have faith and I think it's a hilarious and equally ridiculous joke. If so, there is a pointless difference between this movie and the other omen. This time it's a young girl. The question I ask here is why? Seriously, why There is no reason at all & doesn't apply to any effects at all. So, of course, there is a silly twist at the end, which Delia claims to have kept her brother's embryo in her own and in the plan. Consciously involved in a group of worshipers of Satan, it was instilled in Karen to meet as a normal daft. At first it had some entertainment value, how bad it was. But the unintentional hilarity will make the boredom sooner or later. <br /> <br /> Of course it is impossible that Omen IV: The Awakening will be directed by Girard & Montesi, but you can tell that all. Not behind the camera because it is a shabby, cheap, low-quality movie that is actually made for TV and it is shown with a simple design. Then there was a lack of fear, atmosphere, tension & which were the main elements that made the movie Omen previously effective. <br /> <br /> The budget must be relatively low and the movie seems to be The most stylish thing about Omen IV: The Awakening is the last shot that the camera will float in the air when Delia walks out in the distance to reveal a cross shaped cross made from two overlapping paths. But this is the last shot The last roll of credit which tells everything about I must mention the song that sounds scary and suitable for comedians. The performance is the best. But as usual, the child is annoying. <br /> <br /> Omen IV: The Awakening is rubbish. It's a totally ridiculous movie that tries to be serious and ends up in silly. Director changes may not help as well. But it's still not an excuse for the latest Omen movie to date after The Omen (1976), Damien: Omen II (1978) & The Final Conflict (1981).
