After only 15 minutes in this film, I began to think of Zhang Yimou's previous films, which seemed harder than the politics and society of China in a unique perspective. Turning to watch movies, his martial arts are a serious offense in my humble opinion. The hero is his worst movie since Operation Cougar, which has an unnecessarily complex story and acts more as a stick than found in the John Agar Shi Mian Mai Fu movie. As an American who has studied Chinese movies for many years (And understand and be able to speak some Mandarin language) I am confident that my opinions are different from others while I come from different backgrounds. SMMF, like Hero, is not really a traditional kung fu movie and of course Not a piano film, wuxia. There are no elements of sword and magic or courage here. This is a completely different vehicle from movies that can be viewed in many ways, such as Chinese ghost stories (both 3), murderous butterflies, green snakes, and others. He is really enjoying what they do. SMMF is polite and sometimes laughable. The conversation combined with the performance with cardboard Zhang Ziyi plays the blind about the story. As well as this, Ben Affleck has gotten over a film that insulted me. It takes himself seriously, it becomes a big joke at the end. All actors seem to be the most important celluloid in history. They destroy the opportunity to convey emotions and complete sense of humor, causing you to wonder if Zhang Yimou continues to create movies (eg "ego supporters") for Zhang Ziyi, the camera is actually making her face and she is sexually abused not once. But twice in the movie Her performance did not extend her ability to play innocent cars. She focused on her performance, so she felt cold and lifeless, as if she were reading her script from the card. It's very funny to hear American critics and people in movies (such as innocent Quentin Tarantino) call this movie a masterpiece. I guess if they saw the Asian actors on the screen look very important while flying through the bamboo forest, they were tricked into thinking that it was a great movie production. Ching Siu Tung's choreography while still Preserving his trademark style, editing and lack of animation and originality of his previous films, such as the Chinese Ghost Story, Dragon Inn and Duel to the Death. In the film did not do, and if the writing is not clear / clear, you probably should not be filmed at high speed. Similar to special effects that give a different feeling from movies B, beans, dagger, bowls, arrows, swords and other random objects. Fly through the air (after being thrown) regardless of the logic, rotation, climbing and banking. As if there were pilots inside I know that logic is not actually happening in the stylized Chinese martial arts movies. But if you don't want to induce giggling from a large audience, you should try to compose your songs more. Mass plays, dramatic moments, dramatic moments, funny, boring fight scenes, unscathed plot twists, really is what awaits you. With Shi Mian Mai Fu, Jang Yimou clearly doesn't produce movies for Chinese audiences anymore This means breaking into the western market, just as CTHD did. After watching the heroes and SMMF, I concluded that if Zhang Yimou wanted to create a Hollywood movie, he would have to start correctly. Of course, SMMF is. As Phantom Menace of Chinese martial arts movies And I think the hero is bad
