Okay, so I rented a comedy-frantic movie - this massacre which didn't expect much. But I like the exotic way for continuous killer movies (From the back of the box is the following summary) "At first it was just a joke - the legend of the fire - for five friends in a remote hut in Texas woods. But when they started to disappear one by one - replaced by fragmented body parts and voodoo blood, the few scramble for their lives But he went out there and he was sick and what he wanted was blood ... "apparently from receiving it not Not reasonable: why this clown in the forest must start with Why would a clown? Why are their dolls that have the word "food" drawn to them? Why can't I get an answer in 1 hour and 30 minutes, bored except that this clown lives? The characters are stupid, stupid, and hell-filled with madness. In particular, one is the women that they brought from the street restaurants, which they thought they should help because she became confused with the men she knew. What is guaranteed as an excuse to bring girls into their circle of friends or cabin? Of course, she began to plant the seeds of jealousy by allowing men to have sex with her by giving them a stupid idea of ​​everything they want to hear. <br /> <br /> Music is common. All horror films are not different.) The actors seem to be taken from the TV series they complain and complain about everything. The idea that an important man in this film took this woman to the cabin was their first day, making it a frightening day. But of course she didn't give him the first night he knew him. There seems to be a budget for almost everything. But there are 1 clown costume and cheap doll that is placed in the forest which is a very gentle place to film this movie. (Too many times done). I still wait for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of this movie. (Through the mirror, maybe) but nothing is as exciting as it was in the movie. I guess you should like a comedian who is a killer or something. <br /> <br /> I have to give this movie. 3 It's an interesting proof. (The clown is the character of Texas Chainsaw Massacre) and I will give them a stellar actor all the way when this movie may be a complete B movie style video, but they use more legitimate style videos. But in the end, I might feel like I have rented Killer Klowns videos from Mars again before going back to investigate this. Ah, but that cover ... The drawing is great.
