I can't believe that this movie has existed since 2007. It looks like a seventies horror movie that is below average. They do not have knowledge of modern special techniques or CGI?!? Did they know that in the post-millennium, violence in horror and / or sci-fi movies would be a little graphic? Or do I misuse it? It should be a profound and meaningful story of human beings and animals tied together in the great cycle of life or warning humanity not to interfere with nature or anything like that ?? In any way, it turned out to be wrong, and for me, this film failed in every account. <br /> <br /> First of all: the location is not very possible. If at any one time you can change your eyes overall, there is no responsible medical scientist who will begin his first attempt with both eyes at the same time. And must do all this without the consent of the patient! And why on earth have chosen to use eyes that are completely unusual for humans and make the victim look like a strange person! By the way, I noticed that all real wolves in the movie had black eyes like normal puppies. They couldn't wait, for example? The story is a lame story about this poor Aaron who received strange eye transplants that made him feel like a wolf donor. (Or at least that's what I did) and then he was chased by soldiers. Especially this last bit of nonsense I mean, I can understand that the army is interested in the results of the experiment. (Imagine a soldier with eyesight at night!) But because the surgery failed due to a clear neurological condition of the patient Come out to kill him Why not leave him alone and look for another accessible user? (Volunteer soldiers may be ??) and why have you tried to kill other people who are related to the poor Aaron that isn't steep ?! Who will be the next soldier? I hope not the US Army or the government. They act like psychiatrists walking around the hospital. Waving weapons automatically invades into a private apartment as if they are the public enemy # 1 and Last show Show off in a disciplined forest like a frightened and frightened student at random. <br /> <br /> Aaron, for some medical reasons that doesn't feel like wolves after eye grafting Even so? Suddenly he saw a picture of a wandering wolf. What is this? Should we believe that the donor's memory - the wolf is in big eyes?!? And the recipients of these eyeballs also used the wolves' craving for red meat (life) and were able to jump off the 30-foot-high balcony and the harmless land on all four of them like cats. (Can the wolf do that? <br /> <br /> The performance (or lack) does not help the credibility of all this: everyone stumbles through their lines, like wooden dolls, especially this Indian girl. She can only be caused by expression (trouble) and some people who do not care about the power of nature, and it makes me feel why Aaron was immediately above her. (But hey, maybe there must be at least one love scene)!) I sympathize with the actor Cory Monteith, who looks like a good person with a handsome face. But they didn't give him much He had to run around bare-breasted for over half of this movie, which was fun to watch. But then they chose someone who had a more impressive body. Monteith should have placed his shirt (a few). His murder and raids were barely visible. We just heard the roar and cries of fear from There was another victim lying down and Aaron and his blood on his face and chest. Not so much for modern horror sci-fi movies! The only good performance came from Justin Betman and I like to see how she grew up into a beautiful and classy forty woman. She did what she could with her stupid stripes and she also made me believe that being this doctor with good intentions But they made her character an idiot who was trained by the military leaders It's a pity that the script doesn't make you stand out again! <br /> <br /> At the end of this story, the movie is stupid and boring, almost scary or exciting, with unbelievable goings-on. The wolf ran around the forest and the hills (Who cares?!?) Some people brag about boasting about humans and nature and uneven music scores with poppy songs at the most inappropriate times. Fern "Covering everything
