Hybrids start when the water treatment planet security officer Aaron Scates (Cory Monteith) is involved in an accident that causes him to be blind. Fortunately, that excellent scientist, Dr. Andrea Hewitt (Justine Bateman), who works for Olaris, has developed organ surgery from one species to another. Hewitt decided that Aaron would be perfect for her first human experiment. Hewitt and her team transplanted the wolf's eyes into Aaron and he miraculously restored his eyesight. Really good, isn't it? Actually, since Aaron began to get angry when seeing wolf pictures randomly and began to have more sexual desire. Aaron escaped from the Olaris building & departed, but he was worth it to let & go. Full search to catch him ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Yelena Lanskaya. Sci-Fi channel offerings are quite scary in every way. I think it might start life as The 'living thing' that ended up being one of the most boring and boring sci-fi movies I've ever seen. Even monsters or creatures of all kinds Hybrid is terrible. The script is terrible and I'm not even sure. The default setting is ok when Aaron gets a wolf eye. But then the hybrid entered the sci-fi element and became a horrible drama because it focused on Aaron's mental state as he wondered what to do, especially with Native American women. Yes, you don't think Sci-Fi channels can make movies about Wolves and throw away a lot of trash about Native American fairy tales in there as well, right? The dynamics of the character is strange. Aaron shows that he is a brave hero. But he is the only character to kill everyone in the movie & is a rather nasty, bad, ungrateful and annoying person, while Dr. Aaron looked back and did nothing but trying to help him. I mean, Aaron received a gift from seeing. But Hewitt is a villain? In addition, the core of the normal Sci-Fi channel of US military intervention is still there. The problem is, why do they want Aaron to be terrible? He is not a soldier, and while he has the eyes of a wolf to help him see in the dark, he is not fully marked. The script cannot make it true, whether in Aaron's mind or in the real story, the ending is not as good as having fun with half naked. (Remember that this is what is done for television) Aaron runs through the forest with a wolf pack. The song that I think should be emotional But make it more funny There are many things wrong with hybrid. It's slower than hell. No action. No werewolves and movies circling in circles trying to get into Aaron's heart. But it is ridiculous, uncomfortable and boring A bit and there is no explanation as to why there is only a wolf eye that transplants. Aaron began to develop other wolf senses. <br /> <br /> As a diabetic, I have problems with my eyes. Get big surgery on my right eye. & I can guarantee you that after surgery your eyes will swell up, you won't be able to open it and it will hurt like hell, even with eye implants as soon as Aroa Waking up on the bed, his eyes are perfect No swelling or redness No special techniques, no blood or blood or violence and nothing will make you excited. In fact, now I think about this, nothing, even horror or sci-fi from a distance. About this, it feels like a boring film of the week. <br /> <br /> Filmed in Manitoba in Canada & remembering bad performances from anyone who has never seen it before and hoping that there will be no more. <br /> <br /> Hybrid is a terrible movie that can be seen. Obviously Some parts of Werewolve's 'living thing', people will struggle to go to a horrific end, which may require you to sew stitches.
