The story sounds interesting ... Scientists (Batman) discover how to transplant eyes, animals and optic nerves in other animals such as humans, blind men (Monteith), recording colleagues in the workplace - scientists. Received a call from a doctor that the young man was a good candidate to be the first human recipient The recipient began to become more and more like a wolf. But the result is "strange eyes" and working at night with dogs! (For all movies) The budget is too low. The conversation is too exaggerated. (I laughed out loud in a ridiculous talk) and the acting was not appropriate too. The length of the movie is nothing more than a dreamy appearance, creepy music, and wolf clips that are scattered in the forest for over 90 minutes. Boring and lack of thought So that wounded soldiers receive their sight There is a silly subplot about the beautiful Korean girl (Korey) who thinks she can help by using Indian wisdom about wolves. They create love while heavy music, drums, and hear the Indian moaning-crazy people! Love occurs immediately after the horrific murder that corrects this turkey! "Pharmacist" who is annoyed by the annoyance that seems to do little things except adding to the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> This is two ridiculous scenes. Workers in the research lab walked into the animal room to search for monkeys that were released from their cages. She was afraid to watch the monkey turn, turn left, turn left, turn right, turn left .. This thing continued for a moment. (Who is fixing this matter) Run from damn labs! It was so stupid that I began to laugh. Another ridiculous scene - our hero is at home, escaping out of the window when an armed soldier arrives - he opens a window, leaving the soldiers to the open window looking out the window. They say "Looks like he's here" and go out! He went out of the window that was open !! <br /> <br /> Near the end of the movie, the soldiers were shooting machine guns over and over again on the tree when it became clear that nothing was - easier to place the mine that I guess. They have 6 machine guns that cut trees. But decided to fight with our heroes with 1 knife !!! Shoot men !! Who wrote this trash? At the end, there was a pointless confrontation and convinced me that I didn't do anything for you. There were no plans to lose. <br /> <br /> I think the whole thing is tax cuts or urgent jobs. To take advantage of the remaining unused budget from better movies
