This low-grade multi-purpose cooler has just been announced as the next generation DVD. But intending to be part of the movie collection that I already have in my possession, I decided to accept it from other channels, which is also the same, because the result is nothing special, especially more (If that atmosphere is right): For starters, the plot is relatively weak? Even though it was as expected, the vehicle Vincent Price THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) - even though there was no gusto of this film Actually, what we have here is the naive carver (Martin Kosleck) ?? The person we see sharing his vile cheese with his pet cat! ?? Who, when he found himself receiving a pen, Alan Napier's art critic received too many pens, once decided to end it by throwing himself into a nearby river. However, while reflecting on that action, he was expected by the murderer of Rondo Hatton, dubbed "The Creeper" and naturally enough to save the poor with the intention of making him dirty. grateful! Although it is set in the art scene of New York But what we really saw in the workplace was Kosleck and commercial painter Robert Lowery (who painted the same image of a blonde girl Joan Shawlee repeatedly in the art)?) That is comfortable enough to have Together with rival art critics Napier (Virginia Gray)! Soon after, Lowery was discovered with his spine and wondered; But then investigators, Detective Bill Goodwin, received a bright idea of ​​engaging other critics to disseminate disgusting comments on the work of Lowery. (I don't know if the publicity sketch has been checked !!) to assess how serious his reaction is! Meanwhile, Kosleck fooled himself into thinking that he was creating his masterpiece by Hatton's unique stone carving? And known? Visage that does not need to speak, attracting the attention of visiting all the time. Gray (We were led to believe that she lacked the material for her weekly column), much to the disappointment of the artist and the Bafflingly style. Although The Creeper is fully aware of what gray looks like (Thanks to her who haunted her from the Kosleck punch punch) he struck Shawlee ?? At that time, who would be Goodwin's girl! ?? In Lowery's apartment and hear Kosleck talk to you (you can guess) Gray about his willingness to leave him as a police officer in the fall, sending a slow giant police from the end. Deep down and destroying himself, the stone image is curious. Although this is the last movie of Hatton, his name on the credit is preceded by the title "Recommended"
