The movie shows how often the sheep are released to the public. As soon as a few critics said there was something new (such as - "Shake-Cam"), everyone jumped on the bandwagon as if they were free. This is not a good movie. It's a scary movie. 1) Synopsis? - What plot? Bond was chased from here to there from the beginning to the end. That's the plot. Don't look for anything deeper. 2) Movie or not - can you do something ?! A 7 year old boy with an 8 mm movie camera that is aging will work much better. (I'm not exaggerating) This movie is an incredible movie tour of the camera. The ridiculous vibrations of every scene (I mean, every scene) will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) Believe it or not - Oh yes, of course. This is a masterpiece of credibility. I like the scene about Bond, who was arrested by the police (along the road) through Tangier's winding market road - I've been to Tangier. Even guides can not navigate through those roads. But Bond flicked 100 police officers with speed and skill. Greygrass must laugh at the joy of the disciples of his movie. 4) Editing? - I don't know what the editor is when he made this movie. But I want something! - Every scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. I feel nauseous at the end of this film from the flash effects of "flashing scenes" by 5) Director? - Um, this is an interesting aspect. This movie seems to have no other director of Greengrass throwing a copy of the script. (Both sides) that the cameraman and told "Shoot a couple of scenes while drunk" - "Don't worry about the kids. We'll tie the scene together in the editing room." The editor should scorch the hair and put in the stock so this surprise enters the silver screen. 6) No Only the two CIA senior CIAs only gave gentle care to women. Jason Bourne - put their lives on the line for people they can't even be sure of, not traitors. Talking about ninco Stupid mpoops (while the evil CIA member plans to end any operations that are the size of a paper clip on the floor) (Okay, all humans are evil, right? - Of course, SNAGS) Yes, this movie is a modern and politically correct movie that shows that women are heroes of the day and that oppressed people are a real threat to humanity. 7) When you know that The fans of the great victory over evil. (Just like it used to do, right?) And the killer that should have been dropped by Jason Bourne - suddenly he received a wrong trip and refrained from Pulling the trigger (yes - right ...) - At that time, the evil director's assistant appeared - holding hands and then pulling the trigger. - How old is this 60 year old man running fast and not? Suffocating? Wonders will never stop. 8) Do not worry, there is a Senate trial and being drawn up in front of the court. We are not offensive and politically incorrect. CIA operatives are going to shoot people, right? It's really cute to see the life of P.C. The movie of the Noughties ------------- The Bourne Ultimatum is the most rubbish.
