The number of stupid people now is higher than the first 9 people. They do not follow their own rules about the spirit that destroys the body, causing the soul to melt. This is the second drop. That body and Dean fell from Sam about 20 feet, but then they were with Sam. The flashlight shines out in the hospital without light at night and we can still see everything. It's night, but the light shines through the window. The ghost that died in 1960 is calling into a mobile phone, right? There was no way Sam could get a psychiatrist to meet him on the same day he made an appointment and the doctor spoke to Sam as if it wasn't the first time he came. Sam and Dean know that there are other bodies in the hospital and the innocent spirits are still ambushed and don't do anything to help them. It doesn't seem like Winchester did. Oh, and after crawling around on a mattress full of dirt and around a disgusting hospital, the makeup and hair of a woman is perfect and does not stain on her white shirt. <br /> <br /> While deploying now, there are problems, places, and a few times that I don't creep away. But feeling nervous when the Dean sat reading the Elicots' journals. I just realized that objects that were very personal to the ghosts would attract people who violated the sacred Elicot did not appear. (Eg Elicot's office) should attract the soul when it comes to life, touch or come in When they split up, I wanted to scream ... 'That's what you die! Stay together and watch each other! But they don't listen to me: o The spirit of Elicot and his special ability is a very good touch. Is a great show But I want the horror of the Elicot that binds his prey and uses the expectation of torturing us out. <br /> <br /> Especially because of the light I gave this to 4 The sudden darkness or blinking of the whole scene while the flashlight flashes is even more frightening. The lighter or the torch revived and the spirit in their faces was shocked. I understand that the director wants us to see his scene. But then mention or clear connection by Elicot touching the power socket and the power that is coming Let the character respond to the fact that a hospital without power suddenly has light in the same room. The white light is blinking blue as the electric arc as well as the power of Elicot's finger. <br /> <br /> Seriously, MCG is better.
