Houseboat Horror is a great name for this movie. It's definitely a spot, so the only movie I can give 10 out of 10 has a horror houseboat. There is even a horror that happens in the houseboat. But if there is a slogan for a movie poster, it would be 'Somon shonky this way ...' for Houseboat Horror is the worst horror movie in Australia I've ever seen, not to mention one of the worst horror movies. The movies I've seen and the brutal attempts to create a movie in general The good news is that it was very scary. It sailed through the audience's zone to insult the unbelievable world of hilarity. It's worth watching * because * it's so scary. <br /> <br /> The 'worst' category doesn't come from the story because of the simple reason: the record producer, the movie crew. And rock Drive up to the famous Lake Infinity, a quiet place in the picturesque countryside somewhere in Victoria. (In fact, Lake Eildon) to film music videos Some people are unhappy, especially when seeing them there and in trying to make the audience popular, start picking them one by one with a very sharp knife. What's more surprising is that when the survivors had to observe this thing for a long time, <br /> <br /> On the surface, it looks like the standard B-bog movie slasher is terrible. You have a very annoying teenager, a senior who can't resist the creepy local people. (One of them is the gas station supervisor to win the fiercest competition) and then the explanation of my murderer may be Jason Voorhees. Ah, but if just the performance and production is close to a good masterpiece Just like Friday the 13th, Part 7. Unfortunately, Houseboat Horror is completely free from these things. <br /> <br /> But in the end, this makes what you do is ridiculous and ridiculous. 'First Show' and 'Get This' member Tony Martin will recognize some real conversations ('Look at the view ... You will hit!') While the real song Going to the music video was so bad that I had to believe that someone would believe - I couldn't help but wondering if the writer / director Ollie Wood hoped it would be a really popular song. The horror element is comparable to I think B-slashers of the genre and especially of the moment. But there are times when I can't imagine people who bite into hamburgers, turn off the screen and see the tomato sauce sprayed on the wall on the screen. <br /> <br /> Of course, if you listen to Tony Martin, recommend this movie to be junk. Hilarious like myself, I do not think you will disappoint the fans of horror movies. 'Bad - good - good' should not leave the opportunity, whether you 'bar' or not is another matter. If on the other hand you are looking for true excellence in the Australian horror genre, try to pick up a copy of the "Long Weekend" that is incomparable and don't look back.
