When the remake of Line A when a stranger calls out, apparently I'm interested in watching the original. Then when I read about the original (Which I remember my sister freaked back in the day) I saw that the real money was in the Black Christmas, which obviously beat everyone for a punch. "Calling in the house", so I did Netflix and it was at the top of my list for several months because "Waiting for a long time". Throughout this time, I started to feel like seeing more and more! Then one day the blue finally arrived! ... and it is all snoring. <br /> <br /> Of course, maybe I have high expectations. But I don't think it will get more if I see it fresh. This is Christmas in some Canadian college towns and this club has a party. We saw a killer POV picture as he climbed the mesh of this blind and sneaked into the attic. So we know that he is in the house. If so, then we will introduce our character - Olivia Hussey as Jesse Mousse, who is rattling a Canadian accent. Margot Kidder is an annoying alcoholic. She was so annoying even though her mother wouldn't invite her to join the Christmas season. In addition, there is also annoying Janis Ian clone ("Phil"), and alcoholic mother Mac, who sees alcohol picking up pens from many bottles that she kept all over the house. In addition, we met Peter, Jesse's girlfriend, played by Keir Dullea in 2001 and Bunny Lake is a lost fame, although half of the movie I still ask myself, "Which Keir Dullea" seems like That the house received obscene calls But this is before email so they can't ask him to send photos So then you know that they say that dry plastic bags are not toys? One sister found this method difficult. Don't worry if you don't capture a plastic funeral face that contains 14 shots while it is in the attic. - There will be 28 images spread throughout the movie. Obviously, you say, "Oh, my God! There is a corpse in the attic! "Even after the first hour of change:" Why are stupid cops not found bodies that are clearly plastic covered in the attic? "Especially, it makes it very clear that it can be seen clearly from outside the house. Actually, every time before CSI takes the plane, it must be the golden age of crime. The police are very stupid. Luckily, some of them look like John Saxon. <br /> <br /> However, after a boring human drama drama More and more, the mother's house was afraid that her precious kitty was up the vertical staircase and pushed the traps that looked heavy. The door is placed on top. (Crafty cat!) Because she took her head there and ended up using a hook on her neck for trouble. Now we have two bodies in the attic - Hey, why don't we have 75 shots that will make us cool by the fact that there are now two bodies in the attic. <br /> <br /> So by now, the police Have begun to serious situations and touch the landlines and police stations outside They informed Jesse and Janis Ian of her that if the caller is obscene, call back. They need to keep the phone. Jessica, who is growing up, has a passion, kindness and annoyance. Ask who is calling. "Who? What do you want? Who are you? "After that, like the first time in the late 89, when it was clear that he would not answer her. Isn't that a sign of disability? Inability to learn from unsuccessful attempts in something? And what will he do? Suddenly he says "Yes, hello. This is Bob from Laundromat?" Stupid Jess. <br /> <br /> Spoiler! However, soon Janis Ian and Lois Lane (Kidder) were piled in bed with tomato sauce splashed on their faces. (This movie has the idea of ​​blood) and Jess's stupid people realize that it's not the only door or window in the locked house. Hello? Are you being stalked or what? Then the police realized that the murderer was in the house and called Jesse and told her "Do not ask questions, do as I say or do not walk to the front door and go out." What did Jess Moron do? Start screaming "Phil? Barb? Phil? Barb?" Hey, sister of good ideas. Now, why don't you go upstairs that you know the psychotic killer is lurking? Of course, she did and saw all her old friends splashing the tomato sauce, causing the audience to scream at the screen: "Is there a clue now ?!" <br /> <br /> Now it is clear that you have to understand and Realizing that the film was created before the classic classic movie would be in a tight position, and it didn't move in the same direction as we were used to, and seeing the remains covered with plastic in the attic, such as 206 Times may be scary Back in that day and people were not familiar with psychosis, so they didn't think of locking doors or windows. And they might be tempted to walk upstairs when they were just informed that there was a mad killer Do you see that a fool in the 70s we have to understand that? One of the big shocks is that we don't even see the Proto-Final Girl girl who killed the mind but believe me that this fact is very interesting to read in this review rather than watching this movie. The spoiler ends! <br /> <br /> ------ Hey, try watching Cinema de Merde, my website about bad and wonderful movies. (There are a few good movies thrown in.) You can find the URL in my email address above.
