If someone is watching Unhinged, it may be because of a video box advertisement, whether it is screaming that has been banned in the UK for over 20 years (according to every abominable video). Exploitation and prohibition create excitement for people. However, as a exploitation fan, nothing is new to me. Ads that claim that movies are banned in the UK do not need to make me want to watch it. In fact, the first thing that often appears in my head is the suspicion of paranoid English. How easy I came to see this: It promised to stab and it was only $ 6.99. The only price made me not have to hope for Halloween anyway. But your cheap DVD collection has never been painful. However, I forced myself to watch everything in one place because I found that the remaining life-saving decisions for another day made you less motivated to finish it. So after 90 minutes of Unhinged, I found that I found the cheapest sleep aid in existence. I think distributors can make a huge income if they just change their marketing techniques. <br /> <br /> Unhinged's layout is a typical slasher from the 80s. There are no shower scenes. Necessary and vulnerable About it. However, it started with a group of three excellent colleagues who hit their cars on the way to a concert. Even though they were two (Terry and Nancy) was ok, but (Gloria) was seriously injured and didn't receive a commission for the rest of the movie. They were rescued and received shelter in the mansion. (Which has no phone, of course) with a somewhat strange resident: Marian is a middle-aged woman whose mother hates men sleeping with them (echoes from Psycho?). She also has Carl's crazy brother. Who live in the woods because the mother's hatred towards men is so intense that she does not allow him to stay in the house After hanging with Marion for a long time, Terry (our "hero") and Nancy decided that they had to contact their parents. Despite all the warnings, Nancy still has a dangerous seedling on the phone. (Her fate is not difficult to predict). After that, we will see Gloria again, having an ax with an ax. When Terry discovers that Gloria has disappeared from her room, she decides something that is not suitable for this picture and leaves for a lost friend. That may be easier said than done But with Carl crazy lurking around? <br /> <br /> After watching Unhinged, I read a lot of reviews that announced that Unhinged works perfectly because it takes time to create a topic that truly creates tension when the truth comes to an end. Usually I won't drag other people's opinions into my opinion. (Especially when they conflict with my view) but in this case I am puzzled by their reactions until I think it will be related to the mention This is because in reality, the movie gathers information. Normally, for a slow tactic to work, viewers must have a strong sense that the characters are in danger. Oh, sure, we saw two of them killed. But during that time, the scene of conversation and endless boredom We know that there are avid killers. But focused on three times in the movie only That means there is no reason to be afraid of the victims. But the events of the movie are not explained by the actions of the characters. But was pulled out to us by talking forever If there is one thing that I can assure you from watching this, the scene of the characters talking for 75 minutes is very boring. This thing was not helped by a brutal performance. It seems like this is another case of the director who wants an actor and decides to gather his friends around instead of finding someone with experience. <br /> <br /> Sure, I'm going to be a liar if I say none Part of my favorite movie Especially the ending is one of the best things I've ever seen in a slasher movie; You don't expect it to happen. Just know that the director has children doing exciting things. Ah, I won't destroy it for you and I won't say that the ending is made for slow-moving movies. But it will definitely get your attention In addition, the other two scenes of murder also brought at least some rhythmic material. But it's not that you can't tell who will die in the fifteen minute movie. However, anyone looking for bloodshed will be disappointed. These are the only scenes of the current blood. And of course there is no scene that can record the entire movie I often declare the doctrine that as long as there is action, the worse the movie gets, the more it gets. Unhinged grabs only part of this concept. The whole movie feels warm. Have sufficient potential But the director didn't have enough experience to work or just didn't know what he was doing.
