An unseen maniac started as a child. Kevin Dornwinkle (Chris Russell) was arrested by his strict mother. (Marilyn Adams) watched a young woman (Tracy Walker) cut through his camera ... cut into 'twenty years later' and Kevin) now is a physics professor claiming to be Discover how to make things invisible by using serum. However, during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists, it failed & all of them laughed at him. Dornwinkle caused a madman to kill a few of them and was trapped in the mental institution he had fled. Jump forward 'Two weeks later' and the summer student group discuss the tragic death of their physics professor when Mrs. Cello (Stephanie Blake as Stella Belluck) said she hired a replacement for Dornwinkle. The student did not receive him and treated him like an earth, but Dornwinkle made his serum completely invisible and used. It fulfills his sexual desires and desire to revenge ... <br /> <br /> Co-wrote and directed by Adam Rifkin, cleverly concealed using the Rif Coogan alias (I don't want the name. My involvement with this movie The Invisible Maniac is the abyss of the gun barrel scripted by Rifkin. Sorry, Coogan & Tony Markes is terrible. It tries to be a hybrid / funny / horror teenager who just failed in every department. For the beginning of sex, there is nothing more than a couple of female shower scenes and a few shots. More than that, I'm scared and the birds in The Invisible Maniac didn't look good. Funny, lame and every joke. Think of the proverbial mile. This is a movie that thinks that someone is fighting against a man who doesn't see or has Henry (Jason Logan), the dumb man who tries to make a joke. The Invisible Maniac Makes the Police Academy movie series (1984 - 1994) seem like the ultimate in complexity! For the horror aspect too In addition, it is still incredibly slow. (It takes more than half an hour before Dornwinkles is invisible), boring, predictable, boring, and annoying teenage characters and dislikes. <br /> <br /> Director Rifkin or Coogan or whatever. That does nothing To try and make The Invisible Maniac a fun experience No fear, tension or atmosphere. & Overall, this movie is a truly boring job. He didn't do anything with just a few invisible corners that opened himself. There is very little blood or violence. The blood splashes a little, a little strangulation, and there is only a small amount of good in the whole movie when someone takes a blown head with a shotgun. Unfortunately he didn't see it at that time. The body with no head after that <br /> <br /> The budget must be low and I mean very low because this is a cheap movie that is serious Dornwinkles lab is a bottle of two bottles on his bedside cabinet! When he escaped from the mental institution, he had one dog sent from him & the whole school had about a dozen students and two teachers. The Invisible Maniac was a movie that was not well constructed for the duration of 85 minutes. I saw a boom boom. At least once ... just say that the show has a low standard and let it <br /> <br /> crazy, unseen, plain and simple shit. I didn't find any features in redeeming awards. There are many better movies that you can watch, so there is no reason to waste time with this garbage. One that is definitely to avoid
