Helborn began as a young psychiatrist named James Bishop (Matt Stasi), taking him to live at St Andrews Hospital. Mad? 'Psychiatric hospital' as they want With nearly 600 patients, Bishop met with his chief, Dr. McCort (Bruce Payne) and was deployed. He received the Ward 'A, which had some patients who were insane and dangerous. If that wasn't bad enough during his first visit, Bishop found the corpse & threatened to spray a graffiti message from his room. The bishop began to hear stories from patients about horrible behavior in the hospital and soon found himself having more stories than hints of truth about them ... <br /> <br /> Know each other. Asylum of the Damned, in the United States, a supernatural horror movie, this story directed by Philip J. Jones & I like it, but eventually there are too many unsatisfactory elements for me to enjoy it completely. The script by Matt McComb made themselves quite seriously, and I quite liked the basic idea behind some of the ideas. But there are some things that work with it For starting this film too slowly, the story is quite good and don't let yourself too soon. But must use the exact age to start & I lose interest quickly in every minute that passes I still think that the ending, called the twist, is too predictable. It's a shame because I like stories, characters, settings and some ideas. But it's too slow & straightforward to entertain through 90 minutes. It is one of the movies that I would recommend. But actually I can't do it. <br /> <br /> The director, Jones, works really well. It is a movie that is quite bright and has a good atmosphere. I will not say that there is something terrible here. I'm not sure if Hellborn was shot in a real hospital. But if not, they work great in scenes and movies. Look good overall. Unfortunately there is a lack of blood or action. Actually, there are wounds, hands, prints, two & tongue cut & that it has nothing else in terms of blood or blood which must go down as a disappointment. Depending on who you believe & the reviews you read, the special effects are the worst of all, or very good. Like the watchers who are devoted to horror on a low budget, I'm very impressed with the effect. Especially the devil Is a suit effect rather than a scary CGI computer graphics, although it is an impressive suit It all depends on your expectations. I think this movie technique is good. It looks good. & The lack of CGI computer effects is something I am happy. Although the performance is not good <br /> <br /> Hellborn is a movie that disappointed me. There are some good things about it. But at the same time there are some terrible things which are a great disappointment. I like some of it. But overall, the 90-minute viewing experience I can't recommend anyone.
