But I wonder if many people are running to watch this movie, or "Some people come out of the cinema." Okay, that's a rather serious matter. <br /> <br /> The film starts in a funny manner without Intended: Frankie-boy returned to his hometown after many years of arrival: he was talking about everyone wanting to talk to him and all the women he met flirting like he had no tomorrow - even his granddaughter He said Thor is happy to leave her day to talk to Frankie Boy a little more. Even his lovely granddaughter needs his parts! Looks like one of the episodes "Mike Hammer" is ridiculous when every single woman wants to be a star. And just like Stacey Keach, Frankie Boy is nothing but a drenched dream of a good-looking woman In real life, people like Sinatra (not famous) will not be in the 100-meter range of someone who is as beautiful as MacLaine. Frankie-Boy, but he's not interested in anything! Sinatra plays "his cool" too often in his movies and it is not reliable. Dean Martin is the same type of person. He is not a solitaire person. But because the accent is not suitable for him MacLaine is as charming as ever. But she plays caricature and dependence on this caricature is one of the basic problems of this movie. The main characters are all in some form from bad movies or that have seen everything before and cheap novels. Frankie is a "cool cat" that comes back to the city to accept every woman and he doesn't care about Write him (Which is predicted to be finally accepted); Martin is a playful but friendly card player. MacLaine is a fool. But the brain is cute Frankie's golden love is a vicious literary expert. Frankie's brother is a successful man who marries his wife's business and has a nasty marriage and others. Clichés <br /> <br /> The story consists of a few unrealistic coincidences. A little for my taste: Frankie just happened to his niece at the scene. His niece had just separated from her father when M. After kissing his secretary for the first time; And then there was a terrifying and silly ending. <br /> <br /> In that drunken man bent on killing Frankie Boy trying to find him in a carnival everywhere! This place is full of noise and chaos - plus what happened in the evening - but even then, the man found Frankie. (Although drunk like a doorknob) and shot at him, but guess who killed him? MacLaine, she jumped in front of the bullet to help Frankie: the old idea that comic book writers might flatter A pathetic ending that is too amazing and annoying is not able to satisfy the audience. And this will happen the same day that McLean and Sinatra are married! The author of this nonsense seems to have read the crappy fiction of his whole life - how else is the writing of this film to explain? There is even a card game that is quarreling with Frankie & Martin compared to some parody images from the writer's "bright" imagination (it's like a damn Western). Another stupid thing is the way Sinatra is crazy. Brainy, dull and bored brain, and ignoring MacLaine. When the movie continues, we find that Sinatra finds that MacLaine is too stupid for him, while Bimbo blonde finds that Sinatra is too low for her. There are some insults and insults that will be detected in the MacLaine script. MacLane is considered worthless by everyone while blonde Bambo is considered a princess and a master The ridiculous truth is that the characters in the latter days will come out to be rather stupid and not intelligent. Her behavior, opinions and opinions are mostly obscene, obscure, confusing and primitive. At least MacLaine's character knows that she (MacLaine) is a fool. There is another irony that I didn't notice: Sinatra had trouble finding the end for his latest story - like the writer of this film, and that's why he came up with the final scene full of sadness. <br /> <br> movies generally have strong actors and photography is good, but the script, but sometimes it's okay to have a silly nonsense story instead of using Cor and each event based on the fact /> <br /> If you are interested <br will read the "biography" of the intelligentsia and Shirley MacLaine Hollywood, please contact me by email.
