Vera-Ellen. The strange name is the movie dance. What Sonja Henie is ice skating: blonde, teen, always admirable to watch. But not particularly good performers and often lumbered with weak materials When I watched Vera-Ellen's sexy Apache dance with Gene Kelly in 'Words and Music', I couldn't notice her shirt. (Yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made from the South Vietnamese flag For some reason, the American Vera-Ellen starred in the stage drama * two * (for many years) in Edinburgh, a city that does not mention the tap dancers: 'Let's Be Happy' and 'Happy Go Lovely'. /> <br /> In the latter, Cesar Romero plays the American actor, who for some reason is performing a musical in Edinburgh. There is an ambiguous attempt to link this program to the Edinburgh festival, which is ridiculous: This festival is not a showcase for colorful shows. In addition, we have seen a few Royal Mile stock images in addition to a few Highland accents. There is no attempt to convey the Scottish atmosphere in this movie. The funniest jokes occur from the beginning when we know that the name of the Romero program is 'Frolics to You': This is a pun that the British will receive and the Yanks will not <br /> <br / > Vera-Ellen is normal, cute and attractive and an impressive dancer But very little musical numbers in this film are boring and bad. The story - a misunderstood identity between magnate David Niven and journalist Gordon Jackson - stupid, though not more than a dozen plans of many Hollywood musicals. Romero is less annoying than usual. This may be because (For one time) He doesn't need to convince us that he is interested in sleeping with the heroine. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake of this film is to use Bobby in the wrong way. Leanne Howes is a star of the West End stage drama. His interpretation of "She's My Lovely" is very popular in the United Kingdom in 1937. Here he appeared in many scenes as Romero's dog. But never had the opportunity to participate in the amount of music It's absolutely illegal that this movie - with a title that has the word "cute", which of course will make Howes' biggest hit - will create an important British musician. But don't let him do it. <br /> <br /> Actress Ambrosine Phillpotts (who I used to work with once) shines in a restaurant and has the beauty of Kay Kendall. set As a Vera-Ellen partner, some people named Diane Hart speak with the most annoying voice I've heard. It sounds like trying to imitate both Joan Greenwood and Glynis Johns at the same time. But does not match. Val Guest has a story credit But this film does not depend on the quality of his excellent comedian. The color photography is sad. But I realized that after the war in the United Kingdom could not work in the process of Hollywood, 'Happy Go Lovely' was the best time of the best happiness. The 'waster' was used in surgery. I will rate this movie only 4 out of 10
