You have to understand that when Wargames launched in 1983, it created the Wannabe version of the computer hacker. The idea that a teenager could do anything in the distant proportions, let alone the First World War was new and exciting. The computer actually began to appear in people's homes and for the first time the society was linked to each other in a way that made the film's location look exciting. Receiving a balanced talk computer, it is a deep time between chess and a worldwide nuclear war. But a great opinion about the spread of nuclear weapons and the Cold War constituted I may have heard the hacker saying that this movie is based on the front. <br /> <br /> Fast forward 25 years and we have a terrifying mutant in what I hate to call " The sequel "Called Wargames: The Dead Code. I will dig down. First, the plot is hidden in the government gambling website where the winning game automatically turns into a horrible suspect. Now you may be very confused. The idea is that the terrorists will eventually click on the sub-game on the website called "Code of Death", in which they were pilots of planes throughout the city, sprayed with biological weapons. At certain times of the game, you have to choose between "sarin gas" and "anthrax" and if you choose "sarin" you will be automatically confirmed as a biological weapon expert and your family is detained and investigated. In this movie actually happened However, since the payment for this game is made from a suspicious bank account, it is obvious that it is reasonable. <br /> <br /> Secondly, the incarnation of the AI ​​in the blast like this DVD is annoying. Flash animation that still bites pop-up ads every time "Play with me darling" because it is obvious in the future. Advanced AI loses interest in intellectual pursuits such as chess and becomes porn. <br /> <br /> Third, motivation for "hacking "These are profits and women Original movie For some reason, the recent hacker movie felt that it was necessary to demonstrate to all young people that they were ordinary people who were like others. That may work with your average sitcom. But you do not learn how to buy government computers by doing hair, playing sports and shopping at department stores. One of the strange things that I noticed is that sometimes in the dialogue there is a reference to the movie Matt Damon, and later there is the phrase "Good Hunting, Will". I swear they name the main character Will only for that phrase. They can send five high to Mr. Damon. This child is not bad. But he is not like a hacker I have encountered I cannot fully identify whether I am annoyed that this movie uses the same name as the original because it has nothing in common except for ?? Professor Falken and Joshua (WOPR) reappeared in this film as a weak old man who is dying of boredom and the broken X-rays with a high pitched voice. After Josh Josh (AI) has what appears to have sex with the new AI with obscene sound, many board games projected on the big screen and overall. "The only way to win is not to play." The revelation should be a time of glory. Except those of us who saw the original, you know that people who want to see this thing from the beginning and have done that. The reused ending for the movie made from last month's compost <br /> <br /> New movie directed by the person who made 90210 and written by the person who made the movie B. The original was directed by the person who Make yourself busy with "Heroes", so you'll see the difference in quality there. There are talks about realism. But I hope they will not break this classic again I swear, if I had to, I would go to the gambling website every time until I found a website operated by the computer of the psychotic government. The saving grace is that I can stream this thing on Netflix, so at least the only power I use to watch this disaster is for breathing, clicking and digesting.
