Some people should study architecture while horror movies; From exploring all of the strange manor houses, searching for secret passages and truth, tracking monsters through air ducts and more. Offhand, I remember only a few of the important roles of architecture - "Demon Seed," "Cube," remake of "Thirteen Ghosts" - but it's the heart of every story about a haunted house or church Or crypt It's all about the characters and the impact of gaps, corridors and walls. So I look forward to this thriller that promises to be centered. The idea is this: Architects have actually created, rebuilt for themselves, a large house and a tourist. His wife just left him, mostly because of his own self-willedness. But it is close because she is not familiar with the place since he was redesigned Living in unfamiliar solitude (Actually, this time, rather than as though) he came to wonder if there were other people - strangers who arrived at the door one evening asking to use the phone and disappear immediately - living in the house with him; Only the place is large enough that he will never see him. <br /> <br /> This is a good starting point for the melodrama, which the developers expect to follow. invade A few times without success, the architect used his blueprint to make a more systematic search, trying in many ways to surprise, obstruct, or ambush. The attacker may use some of the special features he created in the structure. At the same time, the intruder discovered the place of hiding and returned between the places that the architect had not anticipated or could not remember. This film will become a cat and mouse game. Hunting fights; And finally in trying to capture the intruder, the architect would be stuck in his own creation in some way he was unexpected Then he will be forced to think of himself out of it - and perhaps at the same time separating himself from him - and eventually will nail and may even kill *** ** * br /> <br /> Nothing happened in this movie. The house is just a house, an architect is just a man and his karma is an unknown character if he actually exists. This is what will happen in the movie: when the intruder is installed in the house - if it is - the architect begins to hear the sound. But when he went to check, he found nothing. He called the police. They thought he was crazy. He persuaded his separate wife to spend the night. She thought he was crazy. In the end, more or less accidentally, he ran into the intruder (not looking good, but numbers, who can be some other person - not a difficult question in the story that has less than three main characters). The door reduces the window on the grill, leaving the key. (I don't know why he thought it was necessary) and let the victim starve. I missed why this thing had been: doors and walls made of steel? In any case, the architect will sleep in his car. And because the idea of ​​this film has not been developed and can no longer be developed, it must be planned otherwise And this is it: Architects - are you ready? - Move into the house of the man who moved into his house and lived there in the same way. How is it possible? No, but the movie uses this route to try: The architect painted the image of the man who came to his door. And when he left the house he took a picture with him And while sitting in his car, he threw the image to the road And two children picked it up and noticed that it looked like their neighbor Martin; By which the architect asked where his house was and the children pointed. <br /> <br /> If this sequence seems unbelievable, what followed was chaotic, the architect came to live with his wife sitting in a chair. Martin's wheelbarrow Do not know her; Hiding in his movements and crafty in his reading that he can leave the room all the time as she walks in In this part, the movie has a clever way to create. (Or let the audience do) the point of his life with strangers who do not know that he is there is the essence of the same life that he lives with his wife As a virtual impressionist, she is a convenient buffer. But at the same time, his inability to live in the world made him an incredibly stolen cat raffles. That would not go into a series of twists at the end - including the murder once again succeeded by locking someone behind the invincible door - another one in front of this harbor, sensitive that it collapsed Under the weight of two good wheelchairs that were murdered in stride, and (before the story began) building a tunnel that was unnoticed under many houses ... at the end Long anticipated movies. The movie will add another story to make it even more offensive and ... end.>> <br /> This is a story that depends on the development of two things - the thoughts of people. Strange in the house and the appearance of the guy at home is - and both fumbles The first clumsiness makes it boring. The second made me angry because it pushed the main characters further and further along the zigzagging pathways and never offered any explanation for the characters that needed the most characters: Mar Tin, the creator of the tunnel and secretly rent Some stories should be repeated by some people.
