"Absolute Beginners" is a new generation of children's movies, which are many movies that talk about the issues facing teenagers in the United Kingdom and how these adversities affect each record. Tomorrow It may have been dubbed "Moulin Rouge" in the 1980s, but it disappeared. It creates superficial marks on the planet, scouting under the radar, and can now be found collecting dust in the clown music section or in the vague politics of video stores that do not require money to survive. Alas, that's not what I found But I found that it looked like it was the best effort to sing while staring at Bowie's eyes. But found himself fading away at the end Did it not survive the test of time? London in 1950 was a society far away from our current society? Is Bowie too creepy? I think "Absolute Beginners" at one point in these questions, because it's a perfect example of a movie theater that starts with an explosion. <br /> <br /> "Absolute Beginners" opens with a lot that takes us on a road without sand in London that involves stealing every night, every whore. Dancing corners throughout, drinking like a river and the most wonderful relationship in almost everyone It sounds like a place that we all hate right? The director of the Julian Temple helped to make light, mood and flicker throughout most of the song while we tried to learn something about our main characters. What we followed most was Colin, played by Eddie O'Connell, who pursued his dream of becoming a photographer while shooting his favorite young woman Suzette. (Played by Patsy Kenzit) These two people have chemistry and while Suzette seems to have been treated before Lohan for me, they work. There was a huge spark between them, chemistry like lava, and I believe that both would take me along the road that I had never traveled. Am I ready? But then something happened The temple took us out of the nightlife, taking us out of the city where we first grew up, and completely returning the role without having to devote to the first person. Suzette ran away. Colin became the wrong person and Bowie. ? Well, I'm not sure what his role is. But he sang amazingly well while climbing? I can tell you how much The temple gives us the flashy city, this opportunity to see the inhabitants. But let us hang high and dry when it comes to pulling the trigger We learn about Colin primarily. But no one else I might watch this movie again and still be confused as to who's angry and important fashion in that era. Are they really teenagers? They seem to be pushing towards the end of their 20s, but maybe it's my TV. <br /> <br /> Character development is thrown out of the temple door, trying to win more by giving. More and more extravagant songs That we don't know anything One of my favorite songs in the movie uses this idea as an example. Temple uses a separate house to show us the life of Colin's parents (which I don't know if it's them until after the movie) and the songs that are disillusioned. Great music, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly being dragged to another scene of missing links and it falls into your hands. Then, if it's not enough, we head to the rhythm of the wonderful song. Rub our small goblet. Try to understand where our characters go or where and where the temple throws hatred and anger. Political action finally, while I hope this movie has a specific theme, I don't think racism will be above the bill. Suddenly, a friend disappears, an angry man and some men run away to fight Colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend from another race? Someone helped me here Seems to be rushed and overwhelmed ?? Almost at the point of wanting to close the movie For me, the ending of "Absolute Beginners" There is no place near the excitement from the opening number. The first part is rhythm and tempo. <br /> <br /> Overall, I must say that Temple can direct the music video. But I don't think he's ready for this movie. I don't think this movie will turn it into a full "cult" status and may not be considered or placed in a dollar tank for the next year. It's a fun movie to watch at first. But when we got to the final episode, it just exploded from inside. I need an advanced job But what I found was a messy bowie coupled with the characters that I didn't care about. I have seen how this film relates to the youth of the 80s, but at the end it was forced. I think everyone in this production should take a moment and listen to "Motivation" by Bowie, which had never been before in this movie. It may help this feature be a better cult status. I'm glad I watched this movie once. But that's all my little brain can accept I like the way the Temple catches me from the beginning. But he can't control his character (too much) and the song doesn't seem to match the last moment of the movie Where did it come out and it was not received? If this is a film about racism, it must have been from the beginning. "Absolute Beginners" is a joyous adventure. But I don't think I will dust this film in the future. <br /> <br /> Grade: ** from *****
