The film ends with the words that the narrator tells us about the fate of the two leading characters and the names of the people and places that have changed ... before telling us that the relationship with people and events has occurred. Actually, it is a real coincidence. This last line summarizes everything that has happened before. When Rino Di Silvestro's hilarious movie lacks complete visibility and if anything points to the story It is not intended. Werewolf Woman is often seen as a person who is guilty or a movie that 'Terrible. It's good.' But I disagree strongly. I normally enjoy movies like this, but Werewolf Woman is actually a bad movie, and despite having sex and barbarism on display. It doesn't make it look fun and that is really unforgivable. This movie has a lot of stories. But there are some parts related to a young woman who happens to dream that she is a werewolf She dreamed of going out to find men, having sex with them, and finally killing them. Back in the real world, she fell in love. But her lover was killed and she went out to revenge ... <br /> <br /> This movie contains sex scenes and blood filled with The order of speech is extremely boring, which the characters lament to the latest events. These scenes may have to pass the plot and create characters. But they did not really do that and succeeded in turning things that might be exploits that could pass through It seems that the director is more interested in style and atmosphere than the story, and this shows from the fact that this movie looks good and sounds good. Sex scenes are often protracted and not very erotic. But the blood works well The place is ripe to find a way to the sexy part of exploitation because there are many naked women and the fact that the main characters have a werewolf origin, which means that there will be many happiness. But this is not capitalized, and while I can reduce the amount of bad performances and plot bad things, I can't stand to watch movies and get bored. Overall, I don't even want to introduce this movie to fans. There are many better things, and while the name may sound interesting - the movie isn't.
