"La Lupa Mannara" aka "Werewolf Woman" in 1976 is a movie with a very good title. Unfortunately, this film is far from being a must-see for my Italian horror fans. You won't hear me say that the movie of Rino Di Silvestri is very bad - it has a stylish time, and in the first half of the year it was very fun to watch (even though the fun wasn't intended). Benefited from the best female lead actor Annik Borel. However, movies without real plot (At least there is no straight line) is usually not reasonable, and it is dragged unbelievably in the second half of the vast majority. <br /> <br /> Daniella (Annik Borel) strangely dreams about dancing. Around naked at night before becoming a werewolf woman Because she was raped like a girl, Daniella was afraid of men. Then, when her sister (Sir Dagmar Lassander) came to visit her husband, Daniella felt attracted to her husband and then became a werewolf woman ... or something. The story does not give any little feeling, which makes the movie very enjoyable to watch. Throughout the first half, the character brings Daniella to a certain mixture of schizophrenia of a mysterious nymphomaniac, cold and energetic, sometimes becoming a werewolf woman Director Sylvester chose to compensate for the grave with many female nudity that worked well for me. There are also some moments that make a beautiful stab. This film was never a suspense or a little creepy. But it was entertainment at first In addition, there is no attempt to conceal that this is a terrifying part. The camera is often photographed in the private part of Borel. I did not complain from it for some reason. Di Silvestri chose to make this film. Longer by changing the direction that is going to happen completely While Daniel was in the first werewolf general who could not help But following her curse, this curse changed immediately when she met a man. (Howard Ross, who is in Suddenly she returned to normal again and the next part of the film was not in the hands of the first half. It was boring after a while. Everything that is considered, it should be better for this movie in 99 minutes that will last only 70 minutes. At the end, they want to make us believe that the story is ridiculous. (If someone can call that) depends on the actual event "Werewolf Woman" has a redeeming feature; Italo-Horror fans, my friends can try. However, if you want to watch Italian horror movies / exploitation from the 70s, there are hundreds of movies that you should see before seeing this movie.
