I guess the writer has never read every book. There are fewer Dickens novels and not David Copperfield, and of course they use their screenplay in a script that is not well written. Adaptation of Copperfield Else, then they randomly dumped about a third of the page and then shuffled the rest with a random page from the screenplay that someone's eighth-grade grandson wrote for the English class and where he received the grade Poor <br /> <br /> If the selection of comedians is not good - like Richards as Kramer plays Mew - which is like that, the direction and performance are late. Bad punch If possible, beyond Kramer as a Micawber. If possible, the ham is a complete ghoul, a premonition, and all I expect halfway at some point to see him being chased by Angry fork Uriah is a funny figure, almost as much as the Micawber. Mr. Murdstone appears about the fear as a Muppet vampire from Sesame Street. I believe that actresses older than David are actually women. In any case, looking constantly, as if he wished to meet the mirror to see that he looked beautiful and imagined that he looked quite beautiful, he could hardly convince us that he was writing with a feather pen. And while we were on that topic in one of the many gross inaccuracies made by the producer, half of this embarrassment, in the unnecessary image of David who wrote his story, he seemed to be aged Between 18 and 21 years old when he should be in his forties Perhaps the greatest violation, even if it is difficult to choose, is the invention between David and Murdoch, as he courted his third wife in Switzerland, of course. Of the second wife of Murdock While they were here, it was a surprise that they didn't send Heep to Guillotine and let him send Sidney Carton's last words. It didn't make things worse anymore. It may be better than this. <br /> <br /> There are many great and small sins on literature throughout the abortion of this art, and anyone who looks at it is at risk of serious and permanent damage in all aspects. Their feelings
