London Dreams, directed by Vipul Shah, is a foolish movie about fools. It is a type of film in which the central conflict can be resolved immediately if the relevant characters sit down and talk. Ajay Devgan plays Arjun, a pop artist who is passionate about acting before the cheering crowd at Wembley Stadium. Jersey in London He became the jealous of his best friend and fellow band Manu, played by Salman Khan, who was clearly more capable than him. But nowhere near as far as to focus or ambitious Arjun decides to sabotage Manu when the threat of popularity threatens to shine his own light. Now, here is where the mind might help. If Arjun explained that this Wembley fixation meant to him, Manu would retreat gracefully and allow Arjun to fulfill his childhood dreams and we will suffer pain. From watching the rest But the director Vipul Shah and his writer had no emotion to do anything. London Dreams is full of hilarious gems, unintentionally. That is the story behind the story of Arjun's grandfather who killed himself because of shame. Fear the stage at a crowded Wembley concert or a ridiculous event in which Manu must take over the voice responsibility after the confetti explosion causes Arj. Calm However, ignorance did not end there. In his attempt to humiliate Manu, Arjun's country used his connection to keep Manu addicted. The buxom group called on Manu to make a match with her tequila. But instead of his salt with cocaine Before you know that Manu has received quite a lot of appetite for the white powder that can be absorbed. If that wasn't stupid enough to have a brutal scene in which Manu chased after the girl to find out who she was receiving orders from. The track ends in London's dark alley where the girl kneels, pretending to be unable to speak to make Manu's girlfriend misunderstandings that were secretly followed after them. Wait, there's more! Expecting a gruesome whining voice when Arjun stripped the belt and pretended mercilessly to expel all the thoughts of love or desire for the lead dancer of Priya (played by Asin) because Nothing and nobody distracted him from the musical goal. Generously inspired by Milos Forman Amadeus to make merit in comparison to Rock On! Last year, Vipul Shah was the unbelievable melodrama that had been written. This film was created for a wide-ranging sense of humor and generally picks a louder tone than sensitive. That is applicable to the character of Manu. Salman Khan plays him as cute and cute, but in the case of Arjun Ajay Devgan, the line continues to be supported by most performances inside. However, when Arjun reached the boiling point, it resulted in an awkward pre-peak scene where he described a concert hall filled with bottles and plastic bottles, being punished with understanding. In the story of the rest of the actors, there is nothing I can say for Asin, who illuminates Ghajini with her crazy charm in practice. But disappointed here with unnecessary performances that were unnecessarily Ranvijay Singh and Aditya Roy Kapur were reduced to only the sidekicks in the band. Performing periodically, usually something ridiculous, such as "We'll rock it!" For sharp writing and sloppy directions, London Dream is the most boring watch. If you have to watch Salman Khan, who becomes a buffalo shop in an inappropriate manner It's the only thing that will make you smile in this sad and sad movie.
