When this film first appeared on television, I had high hopes that we would eventually have a good movie about World War I, based on the experience of American soldiers. Unfortunately this is not it. <br /> <br /> It should be a good movie about WWI. Although it was created for television, it was clear that there was a real effort to use equipment and accessories. Suitable scene But writing and directing are not good, even though the creator of this film borrowed freely from war movies that were well built Many war movie clichés, such as the arrogant generals who seem to ignore the life of their people. When Hollywood knows that even though there are many bad generals But most military officers have seen many battles and are not naive about the average horrifying experience. The first part of this film appears to be "Paths of Glory" with American uniforms, except that "the path of glory" is capturing emotions. Later there was the cost of Chamberlain. (Except uphill) from "Gettysburg" and even the arrest of American soldiers by enemy soldiers' rings from "Some red lines", but in "some red lines", soldiers were alone when captured. In this movie, there is a ring surrounded by a new prisoner during the fight. <br /> <br /> If this film uses military advisors, they don't care about him. Though the actors (And I can't forget that they are actors while watching) military tactics that can't speak, I haven't seen it much American soldiers will stand up to be shot while the German attack and the infamous Storm Troopers seem to be blind, seemingly not using any tactics to attack in the real war. But the most stupid scene is the German attack In this scene, the German sprayer carrier went wide in order to protect Americans. If that is true, they will never get close enough to use the sprayer before they are hit by the guardian's bullets. <br /> <br /> Okay, most war movies aren't realistic when it comes to tactics But it was still disappointing. But what freed me from this flick is a general anti-war angle that filmmakers think is important. The real war is hell But most American soldiers, although they complain and catch, tend to believe in what they are doing. My grandfather served in the First World War, and although he died four years ago, I was born. I was told how proud he was to serve him.
