The movie starring a child actor puts his foot back from the beginning. While there are certain exceptions, most children cannot do anything, and even those who normally may be annoyed in a matter of minutes. Children in Paperhouse can capture the worst of both worlds because of them. Both are very annoying and they do not have the ability to show between them in the short term; They're garbage This is not good considering that they are leaders and it is not good, especially when you consider the fact that it is not possible to show this movie seriously because of the garbage actors. It is a shame that this film is a great loss because the plot is not (incomplete). It follows a young girl who draws a house in her notebook and wakes up in the world of fantasy that she created. Come up It soon became apparent that she was able to deal with this world through her paintings and make various changes until finally her dream became a nightmare. Oh, my dear. <br /> <br /> As you see, this plot line is a good base for fantasy horror movies. However, it was smelt through many mistakes. The first and most important thing is that even though it is a great location for many inventions This film is very stale. The central plot is almost impossible to play and the result is a completely boring experience. Lack of tension is another big gaping flaw in the movie because it's appropriate to drag every scene out to the point that you no longer care. (Which is due to lack of concept) Thanks to the character, the movie brings the feeling like a child. This thing is expected to happen while the children are stars, but Bernard Rose should decide what he wants to put down. In regard to Is horror in this movie is the most laughable thing This movie is also wonderful and 'love' between the two leading actors is very valuable and makes the viewing very painful. In fact, if I had to summarize this imitation with a single word, I would choose 'Pain'. Paperhouse did not perform well, planned ludicrously, trite and boring in the overall picture. Help yourself to be hurt. See other things.
