Eternal Jewish (Der Ewige Jude) does not have what we today call the mark of academic documents: instead of naming experts or sources to support what it says, it says that without objection What it wants us to believe Will admit that the American broadcaster of that time was less controlled than it seems to be ethical to modern audiences, who often inserted scenes that were dramatic and sent them to be real news). The fact that the filmmaker Hippler is "preach to the convert" is not so much that European expatriates hate Jews in examining their feelings. Many of them have already held. Weaknesses in the links of the film shows that "rats" comparative reasons, it describes the behavior of the mice, and then add something to the effect of. "Well, the Jews are like that too." Likewise, it is an ugly Jewish character by showing ugly Jews as opposed to foreigners that are attractive; The leap of faith constitutes an ugly thing. This film seems to contradict itself a few times, for example, attacking a western painter who portrayed the characters in the Old Testament as a superficial European. Therefore, the message therefore acknowledges that the so-called "Hebrew" ethnicity in reality is a deeply ingrained nature of Christian culture. It also shows that Jews in the slums are willing to live in the filth of cockroaches, despite the properties they have accumulated and flop by saying that these undesirable things exist. In wealth and luxury immediately after leaving the ghetto Anyway, who wouldn't do it? Using the scenes from the famous American House of Rothschild shows the equally blurry logic. At first, this film was condemned by the Jews. Obviously it was used by Hippler to examine the deception of Jews. (Such claims of poverty by the ghetto Jews show how to avoid taxation, even though Rothschild's character "rotates" is a Jewish tax too); Finally, the Rothschild movie was executed again because it shows that the famous bank group has invented a checking account. The uncertainty about this, whether positive or negative American images, may become a clear image with repetitive viewing, but at first sight it causes dark vision. For the eternal imperfections of Jews, I was surprised at the first time that IMDb ratings for this film were as high as it should be "5" to date. I say that the reason is the value of the EJ's document beyond the original purpose offered to us by not accidentally watching the lives of Jews in Europe because they will not see it for a few years. Needless to say, the badness of this film also provides historical insights about the badness or evil. Only making movies is a tool of propaganda. About this time, I expect director Hippler to fail again, jumping forward to say "That is what I intend to do all the time!" The scene that shows the killing of animals is especially scary and acts like a human being that is absolutely humanitarian, contrary to the intention of Kosher law to protect. Not to torture animals I want people who have watched movies and have knowledge of these steps to comment on whether the image is correct or not.
