Obviously, those who created 'Dead At The Box Office' loved horror stories B. Avoid referring to the genre that has existed since the characters in stock. (The powerful person who doesn't believe the brutal invasion is actually happening) and Kevin Smith's style of conversation to return to the last moment from 'Night of the Living Dead' twice. <br /> < br /> Too bad to have to use love than to make a good movie. <br /> <br /> The selection of scenes and shooting is not exciting and unimaginable. While the admonition together in the film school is to avoid the 'Mastershot Theater', telling the whole story in a wide shot master. Here we find that the inner surface of many scenes is difficult to find the spatial relationship between the characters as they tell the story. in A series of medium shots that do not create shocks to combine together. Corrections are boring and basic, and sometimes there is no stimulation. The light is flat and sometimes it is muddy, making the scene in the cinema difficult to make out. (There is light or this picture only available light) Some shots do not focus. The conversation is repeated and most of the performances are one note. (Isaiah Robinson shows some energy and screen, as Curtis and his fellow players, projectors, have a delightful reading of the lines. Michael Michael Williams is the theater manager and Casey Kirkpatrick is an enthusiast in the movie Eric. There is a good time) The location is stupid, even if it is a horror flick. B (as well, it's terrible that Dr Eisner doesn't know Project Paperclip - he can help himself very hard!) "Zombies" are not threatening. And Each of them up, it's unbelievable. (Although thick zombies will try to remove the ball from the device, it will make them smile.) For the movie, the fans of the zombies have very little blood or violence, even though the existing ones are handled quite well Accidental music, while the pattern is uneven, sometimes happy and has a good Foley effect. The parody of 'Time Warp' is a fun listening, even if the picture fits well with the audience. Unfortunately, the repeated dialogue sounds flat. This photo is not synced. (It seems suspicious that the video passes and passes). I watched the special introduction of Lloyd Kaufman of Troma Films before the main feature - although it consisted of Kaufman by plugging in his own stuff and admitting he didn't see it. Movies while some people wear Toxie masks, production and entertainment costs higher than 'Dead ...' themselves (quickly separated with anyone who put the DVD together - count down from the movie leader Users hold down on Flash Frame 2, not all numbers and one after another. For that matter, the vampire movie audience will be watching from the beginning in 'Dead ...'. It's much more fun. Suggestions to avoid if you do not know someone who is involved in the production or is a collaborator Lloyd Kaufman (he plays 'Kaufman the Minion' in the film inside a-film) <br /> <br / > (Full revelation: My boyfriend is special in this movie. I swear that this is not my opinion.)
