Responding to previous comments made by residents of the region that had this film as a lens: one person suggested that closing and destroying Ocean View theme parks led to a slowdown in the neighborhood. This is just not true. Before the construction of the Interstate 64 highway, which cuts through the Ocean View area, the main route for traffic through the center of the ocean. When the state was completed, Ocean View would become a ghost town quickly, with businesses shut down and crime increased. This led to a dramatic decline in revenue for parks that faced new competition from Busch Gardens in Williamsburg. Over the past few years, Norfolk has made a remarkable contribution to the promotion of redevelopment in order to become the preferred area for high-end residential construction. > <br /> There are also Was said that the image of the destruction of the roller coaster was used in the film "Rollercoaster" This is true. The picture was taken by two roller coasters cars that took care of driving for that movie. But the actual explosion and erosion is exclusive to "Death of Ocean View Park". <br /> <br /> The story of this film is "supernatural" in the water next to the park. Nonsense But it's normal for a B-grade movie of the time when the actors come to participate, so it's not surprising that the main actors will be stunned in almost every scene. I do not believe that this movie is intended to be "Citizen Kane". In another story, I believe Playboy is experimenting with a non-nudity style to check that this is an area for companies to expand into (not obvious!) Strange in the water causing strange events in the old amusement park which sounds good at the conference table. But proved that it could not be managed The roller coaster and the rest of the park were destined for destruction. "We came up with a strange way to prove the death of the bomb!" <br /> <br /> For those who watch movies, this is a movie "See it once and forget" (except for Diana Canova fans); But for thousands of people living in the region and having a lovely memory of the park, this movie is like "Walking down the memory lane" for pictures of the park, including old images of Norfolk. And the old Dominion University, despite the limited release of this movie on DVD
