Tobe Hooper's bizarre exercise about an unfortunate young man (Brad Dourif) who has the ability to cause people to burn This ability arose from the parents who participated in the atomic trials in the 1950s. They died from the spontaneous combustion of human beings, and it seems that Sam was beginning to suffer from this tablet. His girlfriend Lisa ( Cynthia Ben) makes him suffer from migraines In fact, Lisa was ordered to manage Sam to take pills by Lew Orlander (William Prince), the father of a young man who raised him from childhood. Lew has a generous map .. He sees Sam as the first "Atomic Man", a pure killing machine in human form. Sam never wanted this and would do anything to silence those responsible for his condition. When the movie proceeds, Sam's blood grows slowly, poisoning the green instead of red. It seems that water and other substances that extinguish the fire often react opposite when Sam detonates an uncontrollable fire. Lisa has symptoms of Sam, whose parents have died from SHC. Dr. Marsh (Jon Syper), whom Sam has known for a long time as his doctor, is putting toxic green fluids into their bodies. He I expected to increase the flame level. Nina (Melinda Dillon has a faded accent) is a friend of Sam's parents and is linked to experiments in the 50s that try to talk to him about things. That happened and Rachel (Dey Young) A former wife of Sam, who may work with her old husband and Lew and Marsh to hurt him and Lisa. <br /> <br /> Quite a little horror full of horror. The Dourif Impact Flame tries to bring the tragic and violent elements to his character, which we continue to watch while his body gradually becomes toxic waste with fire, often igniting the mouth of he There is a large hole in his arms that throws out flames like volcanoes and a large burning point on his hand, which has increased in size over time. The best scene seems to be when director John Landis, who plays an obscene electrical engineer, tries to tell Sam to hang up because the radio program he calls appears to be overnight, becoming a victim of SHC. Because it was unbelievably uneven and the ridiculous ending that Sam proposed to release Lisa from her fire by bringing it from her
