The only name (including the poster) is enough to give "The Projected Man" a clear nickname of "The Fly" and Bryant Haliday, while better than the general IMDb review that you think is an idea. Of anyone who is acceptable for Vincent Price, even if you think about who will be if Micheal Gough is there? Even so, if you're in the mood to watch the British-style "Hammer" film that has a horrific science fiction theme about a distant trial that is horribly wrong ... you might also want to give "The Projected Man" to people. Go through the trash 'left' at Wal-Mart in your area for the movie. teleporter-accident Because this is not good. <br /> <br /> Haliday caught a good rib from the MST3K team in the film and in "Devil Doll" but actually he is the best in TPM. Maybe he Will not be able to carry movies But he didn't get help from the screenplay at all A script about the momentum ahead. Plans may have nonsense about fundraising and the politics of the university and a man named Lembach and some terrible partner who wants the machine. teleportation Failed, so they can steal secrets ... so all the amazing sequences in the first half of the movie involve making phone calls or ignoring special techniques with a transparent espresso coffee machine. Poor was destroyed by his machine, he had to use the last part of the film, wear a half-face diaper and cement the remaining rubber while he Many London residents who had the opportunity to cross his path, Tom Cruise and Eric Roberts, who used a megaphone, could not make this screenplay work. <br /> <br /> While other actors tried hard Dare to inject life and interest into their roles for a boring little project, but the screenplay swallowed up all the effort. The corrupt project keeper scared him and threatened and threatened his phone while unable to notice that he looked like a werewolf dressed in tweed and shirts. Tattersall, research assistant and former Haliday's girlfriend were romantic. The least in British horror film history His secretary was forced to march in her "Small" without real or gel into the real movie. And it just stopped dead, allowing the audience to say "Eh, sorry, I can't end here?" <br /> <br /> Still, for all my problems Easily name a dozen horror movies from the same period as bad or worse, and anyone who follows the movie (Or who used to watch IMDb "Bottom 100") In fact, I wouldn't pay to own "Projected Man", but if it's included in the collection, along with a dozen other movies in my DVD collection May feel good about having Suitable for horror film festivals to watch with friends while drinking many beers and snacks during Saturday evening.
