Professor Paul Steiner is conducting research on transitions. He developed a machine that he could use to make objects such as wristwatches or mice disappear, just to return the objects to other locations. But there are those in his research room that do not like or approve his experiments and will do everything to see that he is not successful After a failed demonstration that may save his capital, Professor Steiner decided to test his machine by himself. As expected, things are horribly unusual, and he becomes a madman who is afraid of the heavy, which only touches to kill. <br /> <br /> To understand the backstage problem The only week that I watched The Fly, Return of the Fly and Curse of the Fly, it seems that there are only a lot of movies about changing matter and the horrific effects that might happen to the human body that one should be. Must endure for three or four days I'm not sure who is responsible for the movie program as their source for The Projected Man, but most are similar to Fly movies that can't be coincidentally. However, Projected Man isn't as good as the worst trilogy in the ending > <br /> In addition to being a traditional person, The Projected Man has many other problems that affect the entertainment of movies. The big problem I had with Bryant Haliday in bringing him as a horse's donkey, not just But ignored his suffering only Supporting blog members Mary Peach and Ronald Allen are almost bad. They look very polite and boring. In fact, there is very little to get excitement while watching the men who screen the soundtrack. Not very memorable. "See" or not? I will explain a lot about "cloning", the plot of predictions, actions? None at all. Overall, this is something to avoid. <br /> <br /> Luckily, I watched The Projected Man through a copy of the Mystery Science Theater 3000 when a joke! Although not absolute But often this movie worsens. MST3K better riffs. They shoot almost all with The Projected Man. I will give 4/5 enthusiasm at my MST3K rating.
