Posh Spice Victoria Beckham and accused of a new adventure after just moving to LA for work purposes (hubby David footballer is a Galaxy LA player after he moved from Real Madrid), originally a full set. But was reduced to one About an hour or so, even in this form, is still endless, intoxicating. <br /> <br /> As with the TV program, 'Truth', almost all of the most dramatic events occur blatantly. Posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actor in Ugly-Betty's ugly look. We hear some people write and act before teasing. (With an obvious joke about Becks' apparent flattering with previous people Not mentioned) with the next sequence involving fake bomb dolls to fool the paparazzi and the desperate attempt to throw a baseball. <br /> <br /> This thing would be more fun if everyone accepts. That it is a fluffy piece And having a ress or impersonator action in the lead role, Ronni Ancona, who has a unique ability to be perfect and better than being a Posh rather than Posh herself and if this sensible decision has been taken more fun and Entertainment will certainly happen. We were left with the real thing here. (Ms Ancona may reject the script that is too weak already) and even though there are strange attempts to disperse in self-objection and irony, it never works remotely because of previous information. And her ability to not send jokes, even with the intention of sending her pictures, Beckham came as a shallow opera speaker and one of her weak ones did not persuade I think she has a sense of humor. I wonder if there is a documentary method fly-on-the-wall That is more realistic, that Posh walked along any road in LA and was completely ignored. (Instead of being a weak hysteria scene shown here) Making jibes that are not defined about the previous th you mentioned Ms Loos. This will make the TV a little better. But with the sycophantic PR material which she herself would not allow such an event to happen Created a special appearance at the ballpark where she was presented indifferently in front of a crowd that no one was interested in. It would be a difficult time if she wanted to make it big in her Hollywood colleague Scary Spice ( aka Mel Brown) makes it great in the movie capital, despite her relationship (Which has not been accomplished) with the big name Eddie Murphy <br /> <br /> The Spice Girls are definitely more successful than the Bubblegum pop group in the mid-1990s in the UK. But still popular in other countries, including the US. They enjoyed good at the peak of glory (1997) when it seemed to have a great time in the UK with Cool Britannia and the new Labor government, which Spice Girls Looks like Ed to sum up the results better then other people at the time, although it is quite productive. But they never had outstanding musical or singing abilities, and the optimism of the United Kingdom seemed to fade quickly that year. Diana) as well as The Spices'. They in the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and clear, and if they were all quietly moving out of public sight permanently with dignity, enjoy the fate. They want Memorable memories are encoded in our hearts without any offense. Unfortunately, the presence of culture Scary 'celebrity' in the UK until the beginning of the millennium, paying attention to those fantasies. Spices have been since Posh is the worst offender with other colleagues who are not far behind. It has recently announced that there will be reunification soon which is busy because they never disappear. Of course, they do not need any additional parts in their deposit accounts, perhaps because the two of them are struggling with a single mother. Maybe <br /> <br /> Well, soon, it's time for Becks' adventures in the documentary about the next revelation I can't wait to rate: 2 out of 10
