I always love everything that the great Paul Naschy (R.I.P.) used to come in, while all the movies starring Naschy are great. Where are they all? But in the movie Naschy-flicks There is no rule without exception, however, in the name "El Mariscal Del Infierno" "The demon possessed" (1974) proved while the film has a unique characteristic of Naschy-flick-charm It's sad to drag too much and get really really boring in between. Nasci is an evil star, Baron Gill de Langcret, who enslaved the people and used black magic and blood rituals to maintain power when Gaston de Malebranche (Guillermo Bredeston) fought alongside Gilles De Lancré and England. Regarding the evil behavior of the Baron, he decided to turn his back on his old companion in the arm and help the people escape from Satan's oppression ... <br /> <br /> Directed by León Klimovsky, who is The Best known for directing Naschy in "La Noche De Walpurgis" ("The Werewolf vs. The Vampire Woman", 1971). This film was written by Naschy himself. Naschy often wrote his own screenplay and us. Having said that, most of them work better and are more original than they are here. Most "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is built to be a historical adventure rather than a horror movie, and it is quite boring throughout the middle. It is often similar to the Sword and Sandal movies from the 50s, just that this movie is set in the Middle Ages. There may be additional parts of Satan, just because Paul Naschy's name is well linked to the horror genre. The movie has a good part: Paul Naschy makes a strange speech, Paul Naschy looks strange, Paul Naschy does bad things, Paul Naschy tortures innocent, innocent, etc. But sadly, most movies focus on boring heroes and people. good and These moments are boring. Female actress members look good. But unlike most Naschy movies, this person doesn't have nudity and sleepiness. Have some blood But most will look clumsy and not as fun as in the case of most other Naschy movies. Overall, "El Mariscal Del Infierno" is worth looking for. Naschy has dozens of movies that Starring Spanish Horror deity, which should be seen earlier, such as "El Jorobado De La Morgue" ("The Hunchback of the Funeral", 1973), "La Orgia De Los Muertos" ("The Hanging" Woman ", 1973)," El Espanto Surge De La Tumba "(" Increased fear from the grave ", 1973)," Latidos De Panico "(" Beats Panic ", 1983)," Rojo Sangre "(2004) or anything. According to Of the movie The Werewolf 'Waldemar Daninsky' Rip. The legendary Paul Nashee never dies!
