It is clear that the director and production team began to paint a picture that is less than Palestinian women and her family. Movies and websites try to say that Ayat has a secret reason to blow yourself and Rachel - boyfriend problems - maybe pregnant. Neatly lobbied is the fact that Ayat himself had just seen the death of a close friend in the hands of Israel outside her home. Gosh, why on this planet is a cute and smart girl and plans to go to college and do that? Is it possible that a teenager who is emotionally hormones is bruised by seeing the person she loves dies before her eyes? This detail was done for 5 seconds in the movie. Another inevitable detail is that Avigail Levy, the mother of Rachels, can prevent the destruction of the Akhras building that lives in the family (including 22 other families). One person has been clearly impressed that she offered this as " Concession "- Mrs should agree to talk to her" Akhras "Why do I need? She said (because the movie was created at home destroyed - it seems that the interview did not result in what she wanted - so it brought to the keeper) Mrs Levy claimed that she "wanted the movie to be taken and symbolic. Of hope, with the opportunity to transcend the entrenched hatred. "- She used it as an excuse to ridicule Ma Ayats while hanging around the house as a carrot. In addition, two women are only 4 miles apart. It is true of a career for her Palestinian neighbor that she thinks that Akhras can stop drinking a cup of coffee. Please, then she forgot the opportunity once she met Mrs. Akhras. And see what kind of life She lives (the Akras family originally came from Jaffa but now lives in a refugee camp just 4 miles from where Levys lives in luxury. Compare any sympathy I have for compassion. Clear that Mrs. Levy, the air of her righteousness The mother embraced kind, honest and loving, despite the best efforts from the post-production team to paint her and her family as a monster. Heck, even the music and sound design is one-sided. I guess muezzin sings every day, every day, 4 miles from the home of the Levy family, always in a sharp, sharp key from a happy new era There is also a small story in translation - Mrs. Levi speaks directly in the camera in English when she has something to say before he speaks Hebrew when she is not. She is only speaking Arabic that sometimes has been translated, sometimes translated into awkwardness, and wondering whether it is a movie that has a supposed purpose. They also "hit" her under the light while Nang Le V sitting in Edit for the part of Mrs. Akhras with me giving 2 because I like the parents of the shame, which seems like a good person. Shame on the HBO producer and director to release a foul bomb.
