Welcome to our city. Welcome to your city? While we were introduced into the world of cities in 1901, the three dramatic performances were opened in front of us with the help of "The Stage Manager", a visual narrator. After his first introduction, we will be brought into the house of two families in particular; The Webb and Gibb <br /> <br /> This is the absolute Central America at the turn of the century and the progressive lifestyle of the American dream and the seeming zeal of Zakharine. Slightly biased in this dream city. Here we see the daily life of the population of 2642 people in the corner of Grover, New Hampshire, although there are also Polish immigrant workers who add another 500 as numbers. Have you ever seen it?> <br /> When the daily lives of these families were introduced Wife cooks food, works at home, father works. Children fall in love and painted white fence. The second action began three years later after George Young. (The young William Holden, 22 years old) and Emily fall in love and intend to get married. Expanding couples to the stars and reaching out as well. The turning point of their own lives from the nest in which they live and now becomes the anxiety and misery of adults. The third scene looks sour and a little premonition. In this action, the intention of the movie becomes clear. Here we do not see life, not a celebration. But death and in this situation where the dead go back to review and reconcile Their past lives are here to remind us to tell us that life and every last minute, every precious breath, must not be wasted and overwhelmed. <br /> <br /> In the last three times The films with political standpoint are also more clear, showing the ability to propagate moral moral lectures and by Central America and the way it should direct their homes. This is not just about our "city". This is a moral word that focuses on our "soul" and the way in which America can make ourselves better if its people. (Except Polish, Irish, Native Americans And minorities in general, including the backbone of Americans who have not participated fairly in this lecture), such as the middle class can live according to the expectations of the American dream Who sends the American dream with a special invitation But I feel that its narrative has a more serious impact than anything else that it participates in, even if it is Polite performances, music scores or good or not. This is the intention to separate other groups and include the likes of Webb and Gibb in the future of the developing countries of the United States, which is a good movie. <br /> <br /> Taken from the US drama, born at Thornton Wilder (1897 - 1975), a Pulitzer Prize-winning play and six nominated films Which is the whole point of the movement throughout life and the three main attributes; Life, love and death. Translating plays onto celluloid. Found that it expresses a little social consciousness. Our city starts with a pointless lesson like other cities. Nothing exciting happens here. If there is anything, this city has You can also unlock the back door here. We are seeing the developing life of both families. But it is a moral and social standpoint that is more important than their own Our city may be "Any city" as long as you come from the right part of the city, that is
