I chose Time Changer because it seemed to be a time travel movie with a small budget and I felt it was like that. The explanation says that it has something about the things about the Bible and time travel. But I did not expect to be a fundamentalist Christian film. <br /> <br /> This film has appropriate special effects and interesting places. Used to be more interesting than it is Our hero, a professor in the Bible from the 1890s, finally traveled forward to the 2000s and found that modern life is full of evil influences - Jesus cannot be found. This great technological achievement can be achieved with the help of a fellow Bible teacher who can invent the HG-Wells style timer. The movie begins to lose credibility at this point, which is unfortunate because this event happened. Very early in the previous movie (or maybe later, can not remember for sure), our hero professor saw the teaching of what was viewed. Oregon almost to a science in which he claimed that the scientific discoveries that have been verified to be valid. The obvious thing for everyone is that this is not clear about scientific methods. But as such a presentation, the filmmakers would like the view that science is only useful when it supports their claims and is not helpful. <br /> <br /> In any case, that belief is reasonable. And reasonable in the context of the character at that time Therefore, if we accept that in the realities of life for these Bible teachers, it is clear that the teacher who went and invented the device at the time was very unbelievable because I didn't think there was any evidence (and no one proposed) for physics Of time travel in the Bible So immediately there was a problem with a variety of messages and credibility there, but it's okay ... <br /> <br /> After the teacher believes in leaping into the future, the shock of modern technology is handled quite well. In addition, also enjoy not pinning down to a certain year. (Because the character is reading the day when the newspaper closes for himself, one car cries the horn and makes him afraid that he won't do the finish date: it's only two thousand and .. * honk *) But some shock is long. A little too For example, the car was one of the first things he found when he arrived and about two days later he was invited to go to the movies, return to church and take a van. He took his head out of the window like a dog might be afraid of the headlights and starter engines, which seemed to be not good because he came to this point for a few days and the city seemed to be quite busy with traffic in any case. To ignore The rest of the technological shock was very good - especially his first encounter with a TV that was delayed because he didn't realize what it was until he saw a child watching a child and using the remote. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, our hero began to preach to everyone he met, as if he were an authority in all life and religion, just because he came from the past and was the leader. Higher Bachelorette Eventually he put himself in a short spot in the spotlight at the church where he visited, where he explained to them the concept of Christianity in a monologue that should be moving and sharp. But most are the same The two husbands in the church started to feel funny with this man (to figure out) and check his name. Eventually they concluded that he was a time traveler or was disguised as a long-dead Bible professor and decided to find out what it was. This film portrayed these people as bad people who were skeptical of being skeptical. <br /> <br /> Before the professor goes back in time to his own time. In an attempt to avoid being arrested or dragged away, he eventually became a madman who was almost mad that Jesus was coming soon and he was a prophet, so they should Listen to him In time, he was taken away, and a husband suspected that this might be a joyful feeling that he had heard a lot. <br /> <br /> The irony is that this means that the teacher becomes a self-proclaimed person. And the most false prophet who claims to know that the rapture is near and that he was sent by God when he was sent by a true Bible professor and without any knowledge of God offer (Stated or even hinted) br> <br /> As I understand, Revelation says that the time of the end is only for God to know, and at the end of the movie we see the inventor trying (and failing). ) To send the scriptures to the future. The first time in 2080, then 2070, etc. When that scene faded away Obviously he tried to determine the exact date of the end time - which he should not know! Essentially, all the evidence of the movie abolishes itself because of the persistence of their religious beliefs and the things that God knows only. It means that there has never been a time before because humans can. Find out what God should know! The location of all the movies has collapsed and makes everything worthless, basically because it ultimately destroys its credibility.
