You know all those letters to "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" sent every year? It turned out that they were not actually delivered, but were left in the corner of the forgotten half of the post office to be rotten. When the strange setting continues, it is the winner and one of the movies that fits perfectly with the "Dead Letter Office". Having said that, this is an obvious Australian movie compared to British movies. If it is a Royal Mail, most of the letters will be treated like this. I am not in this flat for two years and we still receive a letter from Mr Wang, the last female priest of the Church that I have never heard before and the catalogs for industrial equipment to the plumbing company <br /> < br /> "Dead letter office" (name given to the place where the letter cannot be sent) according to the story of Alice (Miranda Otto), who grew up in a separate house seriously She wrote a letter to her missing father. She fully learned that her letter was not sent for any reason. So according to reason, she got a job at D.L.O and found herself working alongside other social rejection, including the Chilean diaspora Frank Lopez (George Del Hoyo). Slowly she found herself attracted to him. But can you know where her father is without bringing the world that is in the office? Dead Deadly kneels. <br /> <br /> There's nothing compared to this movie, but I think of Heather Graham's "Committed "Awful while watching this movie However, this is better than the shit of that horse. But then again, that's not difficult. For starting this film, there is more reason. In fact, the metaphor is quite clear and the underling symbol becomes a swift flood. But at least this is very tight and strange, without floating completely It also serves well. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good because couples who are looking for something they know they won't find while other characters, part of the problem, seems to have ended. Too early, causing this audience to be quite disappointed. Another part is when you consider strict Australian immigration policies. (For example, if you don't speak English, have fun!) Such stories are unlikely to happen. Other tragic characters help to make shaky realism by proving that it is a slightly more strange ball pattern. <Br /> <br /> Despite that "Death letter office" is a slightly different thing. It may not be everyone's taste, but I like it. Yes, it is hacked and predictable. But sometimes it is good to watch movies without using guns or violence or swearing and heavy nudity. (There is no chance to do that in Australian movies.) There is no significant laughter. No time. Bullet and characters are usually one-dimensional. But it is a story that counts here, and while it doesn't make the world vibrate in beauty, it's a satisfying way to pass the time. It's a movie that is equivalent to Sheryl Crow's CD - happy to hear from time to time. But you will not miss to listen to it for sure
