Cassavetes is clearly an intelligent person and has new ideas about making movies. He wanted to be an actor to break away from the boundaries of the system and bring new realism to American movies. For that matter, I applaud him. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, as a member of his audience, I can't applaud the woman under the influence of Cassavetes. What might be an interesting topic (crazy woman) and like Any deal to create a boring movie full of long, hilarious and pull-out advertising scenes. It seems that he has a gift for recording the most boring moments in a person's life in a movie, and it seems that he turns the camera to his family and lets the motor run and run. This strategy will be accepted if Cassavetes has captured something really bad - or even the kernel of something really touches the heart in a way that ordinary movies can't do. But I found that the performances, especially Rowlands', were inventions. I never believed for a moment that she was really crazy. I met people who were truly disturbed. But I never saw them behaving like Gena Rowlands in A Woman Under the Influence. She played it like a disgusting and uninhibited woman who drank a lot and was confused because we saw her drinking once (first) but she was Drunk throughout the rest of the film. There are times when you change into real things. But those moments are not too far apart She failed to maintain the character, disturbing her mind smoothly. Again, I applaud her efforts. But the only effort is not enough to make the ring show true. <br /> <br /> New audiences who come up with this movie and watch the IMDb ranking are high. Give a high score just to prove that they 'understand' but don't have to be brainwashed by propaganda to judge themselves You don't have to pretend to like it. <br /> <br /> Like Woody Allen, John Cassavetes may have been accused of being a fervent person in the making of his film, seems to find his own thoughts and experiences of his own life. That he could not imagine that other people had appeared and assumed themselves But at least Woody Allen shows the gift that makes the audience entertain - he knows that the interesting story structure and important humor are important to every movie. If Cassavetes uses self-discipline (And use sharp cutting scissors!) Women under the influence may have a chance But what is the purpose of creating a movie that is 'realistic' if there is only one person who can stand to watch, is the art lovers and film students who worship Cassavetes as the god of resistance. I believe Cassavetes can make women accessible. A little easier by keeping the tempo moving with the real plot instead of showing the 30-minute scene of an ad controversy. If you just create a movie for yourself and your fans, you will reach those who are converted. Watch this movie with your own eyes and decide for yourself. If you are really impressed and passionate about it
