From an actor and freelance writer / director John Cassavetes, a woman under the influence of the audience looking at the working-class family with problems of mental insecurity, husband Nick (played by Peter Fulk) ) Is a blue collar worker who has trouble showing his wife, Mabel (Played by Gina Rowland) The amount of attention she deserves From the beginning of the movie, it's clear that Mabel is very strange and strange. But only a few minutes later, it became clear that she was more than crazy. Mad out of her heart Nick tries his best to hide this from his colleagues and after she has a strange incident, especially at the dinner party, he asks her if she is okay or not. Her problems circled from there. <br /> <br /> I encountered some problems with this movie. I guess most of these problems will appear in the story and the way some characters perform until the end. Mabel is determined because, frankly, she is crazy. Then, six months later, she was ready to leave the hospital and her husband held a party to welcome her. He never did anything stupid at the beginning of the movie. Why did he invite all these people, some strangers, to come to his house when his wife was in a subtle state? It's a stupid story. Later, after Mabel came into the house, Mabel's father had a huge eruption that Nick screamed at the top of the lung. He didn't want to eat spaghetti. His daughter has just returned from recuperation for six months and what you want to do is keep your peace and he is crazy with spaghetti. A few minutes later in the movie, Nick brings Bale down the stairs and forces her to do what she does when she is mentally unstable. Making strange sounds and gestures He didn't send her there to make her better and didn't do those things? There are many other parts that happened after this. But it will be redundant for more details I guess I have a serious problem with Cassavetes' decision to give his character the effect of this. It's not reasonable. <br /> <br /> However, even though I have problems with the ending of the movie But there is one aspect that can really be redeemed. The show Gena Rowlands plays an amazing crazy woman. There were many times that I forgot that she was acting, which I was attracted to in the forest and insulted that I was really scared of you. She has amazing and amazing beliefs. However, I was impressed with the rest of Mabel's family. Peter Falk played a very strange character, and I almost thought he was crazy because of the way he handled his children, his work and especially the situation. With his wife I often do not appreciate child actors. But the young people playing Nick and Mabel's children in this movie are phenomenal. Feeling like a child of Mabel because they look very bonded to her and interesting in helping her with her problems. I think their performance is one of the things that make this movie together, and without them it will make the movie less realistic and less intense. <br /> <br /> By In general The story looks confusing and unclear, and the characters proceed in a way that makes me wonder who's not crazy in the movie. The only saving grace is the wonderful lead role of the Longhetti family. Realistic dialogue and their powerful performances make this film together and may be the only reason that this movie exists.
