In A Woman Under the Influence Mabel is crazy, but I can see why she is crazy about If I live the way you live with your family, I would be crazy too. Everyone in her family could not rock and not complete. She is surrounded by people shouting at her and telling her what is best for herself and those who do not have the sharpest knife in the drawer. <br /> <br /> Start with someone near you. The most in life Nick, her husband, left the shop, rocked a bit. He often shouted at her when he was at home, telling her to know how to live and stop acting like a fool. The rest of the time he worked for many hours in his job and he was not there to help her when she needed help. One person in her life should always be there because she has never been there and if he is, he will make her feel worse. She relied on him for support and always went to him when she felt she had done wrong and he didn't do anything to support her. When she got home from the hospital, what he did was tell her how to act instead of comforting him. He yelled at her and told her what to do. <br /> <br /> Other important people in her life. Is her parents, her parents do nothing in life for her Mabel spent their lives because they were afraid to stand up and stood for her. Eventually, she asked her father to stand up for her and he didn't understand and when he got it, he still didn't do anything. They didn't do anything to help Mabel recover or make her mad because they didn't do anything during her time. The only person trying to do something for her is Nick's mother. Nick's mother insisted that Mabel would do anything. She doesn't want Nick to deal with this, so she has a doctor to promise her. It seems that everyone is against Mabel and they feel that having her commitment is a good idea because they won't have to deal with it anymore. They all want to live their own lives and do nothing to Mabel, except yelling at her and making her feel that she is doing something wrong when she is not. That is why she is crazy about and why it is all the fault of her family.
