Should be named 'Balderdash!' Little in this film is true except the name of the island and the truth associated with the submarine. Less than the quality of movie training with poor camera work, cloned stock images and maybe the lowest point of 'Japs' and laughs. Japanese soldiers laugh at Japanese fighter pilots. Sixty years later, it was a joke that was not intended to be a strange invention and an opportunity to see what was possible when the war fever happened to you. The plot and dialogue reminded me of playing gunfire in the afternoon of summer, in childhood, looking through the neighbor's hedging to receive serious benefits from Steve and my best friends. In fact, the assault on the island of Makin is a total failure of Carlson and his men walking around by shooting with shadows in the shadows until finally the appetite and complete confusion look for anyone. Someone who surrendered Soldiers who succumbed to them immediately! In the withdrawal of Carlson's troops, many ended up in another island and were abandoned! Of course, this film could not tell the story in 1943, so this little thing was invented and hurried to the drums. With Randolph Scott and his jaw as Colonel Thorwald (Carlson). The leader of the unit consists of almost all of the green caricature recruiting cartoons. (Harry Landon Robert Dormition M) veteran Gray (J. Carroll Naish, Milburn Stone, Sam Levene), Country Album McLaughlin. (Rod Cameron), all American boys (Alan Curtis) and the ridicule score (When they didn't laugh) 'Japs' and the actors almost beat the material, almost in the narrow range of Randolph Scott, suitable for his serious commander role and he was supported by Professional groups that act best with some cruelty But in the end, the object of the training will win. Any excuse was completely abandoned when Randy Scott looked into the camera and called (good arms stirring) to the actor's arm. Better than this material, so viewers should watch with the Reefer Madness and Merlot bottles at a moderate price.
