The DVD has become an old circuit that is twice as late as the last chance to watch old movies that have been forgotten like The Border. Have great expectations for this in 1982? The script was co-written by Jack Wild's Walon Green, Jack Nicholson. On the day he was still able to perform without signs and great actors (Harvey Keitel, Warren Oates, Valerie Perrine), Tony Richardson directed (although he was very beautiful. Already using power) ?? But now does not turn on the TV This material presents many possibilities for commenting. In the 1980s, the American dream of capitalism and clear consumption with Nicholson's border patrol made it possible to turn drugs or human trafficking into capital. Of the wife unceasingly His conscience when he found his partner in the business of selling children But unfortunately, he never got his hands, really dirty. Hardly he didn't turn before his suitability increased to the surface. This film always feels as though it has been rewritten too much, and many directors have let it be sterilized and sadly, the recent DVD release is an opportunity that has not been resolved. That was cut after the preview viewer found it too bad But still giving a clear focus on movie trailers It must be better than the climax of the reshot rebound that the film left behind, logic and even the basic rules of continuity: at one point he held the character that he was at, and he was somewhere else and they were trying. Kill him At his home to jump around like a gazelle on the banks of the Rio Grande while Valerie Perry's character is affected at the exponential level The villain of the piece is easily eliminated. (And impressing the ability of an impressive car) at a time when there is a clumsy joy and you start to wonder if you find yourself watching another movie The more clumsy thing is that the rest of the film is flat and overwhelming that a sudden lurch in the melodrama is something that is even more vibrating. Unfortunately, the beautiful title song of Ry Cooder across the border says it's much more economical. But if you want to know the true crime of the movie, it is a complete loss of Warren Oates in any part. When he cannot make an impression, you know that something is wrong. In conclusion, it's all too easy to remember why I found this, so I can't forget it at that time.
