This film practices child abduction from the mother's perspective. (Lisa Hartman Black) who acts like a man in thriller action movies Unlike other films that focus on the police here, the mother is following her old husband who has kidnapped their son. She received the help of her lawyer who eventually fell in love with her. <br /> <br /> Finally, before talking to her son The mother tried to take the child that looked like her son from a local children's drama at a community theater. She was arrested and realized that it was not her child. Only that will make most people enter the Mental Ward or a few months in prison to wait for trial. However, in this film, the mother was released after a few hours because the victim's parents felt sorry for her. Moments later, the mother broke into her mother's house and the police arrived and they had a gun aimed at her. But they let her escape because they remembered her (And feel sorry for her) <br /> <br /> Another point in the story that they found children But when the police arrived to search the house, it turned out that they left the back door and entered the river with a kayak that was clearly the father watching around for such an emergency escape! Mom made someone borrowed her raft, and although it took a while (In the real world) She and the lawyer - the girlfriend and the police catch the raft again, and it is upside down. Water by land Instead of leaving the raft to search for a father on land, the mother thought he drowned with the boy and she jumped into the water when she saw his life jacket. Of course, she can't swim and sink like a stone. The lawyer saved her life. But they missed the opportunity to run after the father At one point, the mother said that her son had died at a clinic in Mexico, and where he went and where nobody stopped! In some cases, this movie takes advantage of kidnapping and it is not very positive. On the other hand, seeing a woman do everything that men do in this type of movie. Fun (or funny?)
