In examining this film, I have no doubt have to refer to the memorable scenes in Tarantino's "Pulp Fiction" (1994) when Jules and Vincent are talking about Mia Wallace and what she did for a living. Jules told Vincent that "The only thing she did was worth it to be a pilot." Vincent asked, "What is a pilot?" And Jules explained well about what the TV pilot was: "Well, the way they do the program is they. One item is called 'Pilot'. Then they show that the person who performed And with the strength of that program, they decided that they would do more, some pilots were selected and became television programs, some didn't become nothing, she acted on one of the programs that became nothing. This is to talk about what Jules said has thousands of TV / pilot programs that have never aired because they can't ... Dee should be a famous pilot at The idea is "W * A * L * T * E * R" which is "M * A * S * H" along with Gary "Radar" Burghoff. As a leader, somebody really wants to see Radar. Half an hour to try to fix the crime? So the show never picked up. What many people don't know (Or what they think they know) is that the pilot almost never appears on the air because they were created for the television network to decide Some people make them pass and go on the air. (The pilot of the animated series "American Dad" came to mind because his own continuous performances didn't start until nearly four months later. However, there are times when we Everyone should be happy that the pilot never let it out, and this is the reason why <br /> <br /> "Black Bart", which should be tied with Melrose's classic comedy " Blazing Saddles "is old and polite" "sitcoms" with a little heart and no soul "Saddles" is funny, but with racist humor, racism and rude jokes that come to mind "The fool decided this would make a good TV program for Prime Time TV? !? "I said" should "because there are no memorable characters from the movie. In addition to Bart in this story, the TV show Mel Brooks is not involved in the production of the serial, and this is the first time. Mistakes in long lines (In a related story, I just discovered about a television pilot that was not aired for the series from the movie "Clerks" at Ke vin Smith. There is no connection with .... You see what happens?!?) < br /> <br /> Set somewhere at the same time as the movie (or so), the story around the black sheriff's circle alone. In the wild west, Bart's name is 'Black', which was played by the winner of the Oscar in the future. Louis Gossett Jr. was clearly seen before performing in "Real" while he was playing "G-Rated" Richard Most other characters, Pryor, are copies of characters in the film Carbon. (If not really bad): Jim, The Waco Kid will be replaced by a similar character, Reb Jordan, a former Confederate soldier with a Lilian Von Schtupp gun. Belle Buzzer is now another character she is Dancing, acting and German with Marlene Dietrich's personality and personality If Warner Bros. receives Authorization title (See trivia for "Blazing Saddles") and his son Curley ... I don't know, Taggart. I think? This is a bad excuse for the sitcoms. Bart manages the drunken son of the mayor and he cannot control the behavior which causes the city to spin. In fact, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the "series" and doesn't focus on the variety and context to make this program "good". I can't call it sitcom. (And even though I wanted to) and that was the fact that it was shot at the backlot at Warner Bros. Studios and later added a laugh track so the performance was almost the same "M * A * S * H "(Along with" laughing "gentle and boring like the series) the performance is quite good But there is always a part that makes me laugh and that is when the actor who plays Reb Jordan almost seems to have forgotten his role and tried hard to memorize them while trying to separate the conversation! The script is rather boring and tries to make racism more humorous in the movie. (Surprisingly, they used the word "N *** er" many times through the 22 minute period. It's quite sleepy because it is time. And even today) and it's repetitive. <br /> <br /> If you've seen this invisible piece of sssss ... a surprisingly interesting new item, just look for the feeling of See the pilot (It is in the "Blazing Saddles" version of the collector. God knows why.) You will get the opportunity for the first time for the reason why many movie pilots never aired.
