It's hard to sit through the terrifying unorthodox adaptations of Sherlock Holmes. Clearly, Matt Frewer was selected because he was tall and thin. His skull-like face was created for good zombies in Dawn of the Dead remake, but while Sherlock Holmes looks like a scarecrow, not only Frewer has a sluggish walk that is difficult to see. But he seemed uncomfortable in the ready-made Holmes Not only that But while the coat is gray, twill, they obviously can't find the matching hat. So his hat is black and looks shiny as if made from polyester No matter what the hat is made of, it looks new and inventive. Jeremy Brett wears those traditional costumes from time to time, but Brett doesn't have to dress like Sherlock Holmes to watch the episode. On the other hand, the pain of watching. Even in the full set of "Holmes", he didn't carry Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Frewer's ungrateful face smiled all the time while he sprang up. Go and stay in the English accent Painful to see and listen to saying that Frewer is using too much, too little words. After he finished each sentence with a humming nose, he mocked as if it were a British character. When I started to see this, I thought it might be a joke with the Wishbone. Jack Russell Terrier I think Frewer has been cast into some kind of foil for Wishbone. But sadly, this movie doesn't have a dog except. Frewer Wishbone will make this movie a lot better. <br /> <br /> Not only does Frewer's Sherlock Holmes never stop talking. (In a terrifying English nose accent) but he was very friendly and kind. Frewer smiled at the witnesses he had always said and he was so polite and polite that he could teach at a spell school instead of being a detective. Perhaps because this is the production of Hallmark channels. They are trying to make Sherlock Holmes a young model (Wishbone is also better) which is gentle and gentle. Regardless of the issues of Frewer's Sherlock Holmes interpretation, it is more than a pancake and the worst version of Sherlock Holmes I've seen. (Including the worst before by Charlton Heston) <br /> <br /> Overall the tone of this movie is terrible. It reminds me of the general episodes of Barnaby Jones or Murder She Wrote or Diagnosis Murder. Every suspect acts suspiciously and stares at the victim before they are killed. Holmes and Watson are explaining each other's clues between the movies. Even in the murder, she writes less expressive. <br /> <br /> Sherlock Holmes doesn't compare very well with Jim Rockford's Rockford files and is far less than Columbo. Author Obviously, those who had written this script had very little familiarity with Sherlock Holmes, especially the BBC version with Jeremy Brett. The film had a whole atmosphere of Little House on the Prairie. The fact that actors seemed to be smiling when They pronounced their lines in their fake accent, not helping. <br /> <br /> The only bright spot is Ken Walsh who plays Doctor Watson with dignity. Walsh did not interrupt the comparison with Frewer and when he often interviewed witnesses about his behavior and style, his conversation was more natural and reliable. Unfortunately, the rest of the actors are skilled and the pictures they give by staring and making each other look (To show them wonder) is something I have never seen in modern movies
