I will write about this movie and about "Irreversible" (in () the famous scene in it) so you will receive a warning if you haven't watched the movie. This is just my opinion. Why do I think that this movie failed (at the end - Pun Intan) <br /> <br /> Acting wise Rosario Dawson was really good and almost conveyed the image of young people. More than a decade (teenagers, in other words). The villains are good, but lose his "evil" before finishing. If he had never really changed, why did he let the woman tie him? He will not last Then we have a second bartender / rape person. In fact, I don't think you want him. At least not for the second rape, but more about that later. <br /> <br /> Try to tell this story again. Rosarios characters are sexually unsafe, though there may be lesbian tendencies. (See her scene with a female friend) This is not intended because Rosario mentions himself. But there is sexual tension between them Rosario's character meets a man who is a sexual predator in every sense that is not good. But he impresses her. <br /> <br /> Rosario commented that her character had a girlfriend before. I would like to be different because she acted as if it was her first boyfriend underlined. Chat on the phone with her mother. Talking about her mother, this is another problem. After the first rape occurred, the character Rosarios didn't tell anyone what had happened. When seeing that her relationship with her mother is very close, if the character Rosarios does not call her mother anymore or behaves strangely, her mother will be madly worried. There are many potentials here. Her lady friend: We saw her at a party. It was clear that something had happened and she "boomed" away. <br /> <br /> The first rape was hardly to be watched. But feels like a pinch when you compare it to the ending (rape) which feels like you're hammered! After the 1st rape, we extended the scene too much. The thread was opened (for example, her construction was an indication that she might be a lesbian because a man who tried to hit her ...) but left open. There is no real social contact if you let the bartender be involved in the second and last rape scene. Obviously he was not a "good" person and his character received a little meat. But when the Rosarios character encounters her rape in class again, being in his movie seems useless. We have received the point that the Rosarios character is no longer the same. She goes "bad" and can hurt people (too). Many scenes clearly show that she is an emotionless person, just making drugs and Others return to Rapist # 1, who cheats the test, gets the character Rosarios and they decide to go out together again (really) ridiculous, just like hearing that guy meet her, not without us. Can He was with another woman. (Probably he raped her even though we didn't see anything. Good luck) and his football career. A good career is stretching and he is bullied. This is an attempt to make his character deep and almost effective. But then it's too old to be with Rapist # 1. Send the character Rosarios ... Why? Because he promised you it was her day? Again, really? Men like this have never lost control, especially with women he raped before ... I think this should show us how stupid he is. The bartender guy will work as someone who may hit him over the head or something. But letting him do that is wrong Another possibility is the medicine in his drink. <br /> <br /> So the rapist # 1 took off his clothes and closed his eyes and let the character Rosarios tie him on the bed .... seriously. It's so crazy! But the next thing is even madness. First of all, she spoke to him. Then she "closed" him and forced the object into him. This is difficult to see as the number one rape scene. This is not about what this man deserves. It's serious. And of course that is what they aim for Now, after she "made" the bartender men come in and raped ... Rape # 1 If this thing should work as a revenge movie, it would be better if the character Rosarios himself should do everything. In order to "take revenge", take your subordinates to work to get everything created ) The rape scene at the end just smashed Everything the Rosarios characters, more or less just But see what happens Which brings me to the greatest disappointment. <br /> <br /> Can't compare: "Can't get back" There is a rape scene, but the movie continues. (Although going back in time) Rosario looked into the camera at the end and said something about overcoming this. The first time it came too late to see her say after the first rape. And the most important thing is that the art house movie should come in. It's more interesting when seeing the Rosarios character after the second rape scene and how to deal with what she does. But then again, she didn't really do much (see above) ... The character that broke the film cut out ... <br /> <br /> Good intentions (Talia and Rosario used to be Worked before) but failed to convey most things they intended to do (Even if you see what they mean, it must have faith, otherwise it won't work) ... not talking about the rape scene that is too long ...
