One of the most active romantic movies is this movie: Serious man who falls in love with the last-aged woman who changed his life before dying. Sometimes this is done well and realistically (eg in "The Theory of Flight", a wonderful weepie) but more often to do this here, as usual, the heroine will die from "Old Movie Disease". That the illness is a disease that does not have any symptoms unless there is a spell and the need to lie down when you say goodbye to your lover forever And your appearance will not be affected at all (and since this is the whole 70s of your sex life), this is one of the worst versions created from that story, with a very stupid script that makes the characters The two are incompatible and unbelievable, and they are played by actors in the sea. <br /> <br /> To be the worst performance of Al Pacino's career and I say after Have seen "The D evil's Advocate "Two days ago! He plays a race car driver who has mood swings, mood swings, and plays characters that are not unique like life. It seems that he is constantly asking himself why he is on the grid. Marthe Keller (the audience did that) and spent most of the time in this movie ... standing there. Usually his mouth would open. are The only time he showed signs of life is the end, which his character proved to be that he had changed from fear to freedom by mimicking the bad West mother. Hey * It is * seventies. <br /> <br /> Marthe Keller is also bad because of dying love. Her character is thought of being bold and independent and touched and uninhibited and full of life, even though he is dead and may play with a sensitive actress Vanessa Redgrave. Or Julie Christie But they have a color that does not show the strong German expression and accent of Ms. Keller, which comes back like the Teutonic stereotype that is more scary ("You VILL eats ze omelet!") More than anything cute, she should Reform Pachino and add courage and spirit to him. But it didn't work that way. It was like she harped his guilt in the most nasty way. This makes the least convincing love in film history that you can't believe that you will be with someone you find worthless and you can't believe that he is with someone who is. In his nerves> <br /> Some bad movie fans call it classic classics, mostly because of the mimicking of West Pacino's "unleashed" liberation. The scene is especially screaming. In context But not worth watching in other movies, not only watching this movie if you are an avid movie fan who has a special interest in studying Extreme Lack of Chemistry between the lead actor or Very Bad Casting (not just It's a terrifying lead actor, but Pacino's other fans are played by actresses who look and listen. It looks like Keller with short hair. I'm very confused.) This is not one of the movies that make bad money. Not In "The Conqueror", but the film is really terrible <br /> <br />.
