I can't remember why I had to spend my life - I had to have a free ticket or something - but I saw this movie in the theater when it was released. I can't remember who I went with, the theater I live in or even which city. All I remember was that I was dissatisfied with the impersonation of someone who dared to call this movie and half the theater people walked out before the film ended. Unfortunately I was stuck until the end, which I still considered one of the worst mistakes in my life. My offense became a pure horror story, before the closing of the credit would make the demon boy show off the little one, sticking his head out of the back of the sign and saying that "Looking at the problem of children 2, soon!" That was the most horrible moment ever recorded on film. <br /> <br /> Plot if I remember correctly related to John Ritter and maybe his wife (Lord, I tried unsuccessfully in this blog. The movie came out of my mind.) Get a problem child. Maybe they think they can reform him or something. I don't really know If that was their intention, they would fail miserably because, from the first frame to this boy, still the most horrible, vulgar and vulgar demon that ever hit the giant screen. Forget Damian, forget Rosemary's love. This child took the cake. The only difference is that we should feel sorry for him because he is "Children with problems" However, this is not possible because this child is probably the most sympathetic character. You want to kill him throughout the movie and when (SPOILER like anyone who is interested) John Ritter decides to treat hell. Bad boy, you will yell. "Send him back!" With shocking disgust (Such as people in the theater that I saw it) <br /> <br /> This is just the second movie that I gave "1" on IMD. Another is Superman IV and by God I Can't tell you what is worse than this. John Ritter has a reference on TV Guide about the time when Child 3 issues that he didn't come out. He said something like "The only way I can do the next [child problem]. Another thing is if they drag my body back to show." Do that. <br /> <br /> I'd like to see the next marathon of the police school 24 More than an hour to see a child with twenty minutes of trouble, 1/10 only because I can't give a negative rating, which is really worthy. There are people who burn the original negatives of this movie!
