When I was little my parents took me to the theater to see interiors. It was one of many movies I watched with my parents, but this was the only one we had to walk out of. Since then I have never seen interiors until recently, and I could have lived out the rest of my life without it. What a firefighter, wonderful, and painfully boring wine 70 and wine cheese. Woody Allen is one of my favorite directors, but Interiors is by far the worst piece of crap in his career. In the incredible style of Ingmar Berman, Allen gives us a black, angular, muted, insight into a family's life forced by the psychological damage caused by divorce, dislike, career, love, dislike, aloud, whatever. The film, intentionally, has no comic relief, no music, and it is soaked in shadows pathos. This film style can be best defined as expressionism in nature, using an impromptu method of illegal dialogue a "more pronounced meaning and truth" depth. But Woody Allen is not Ingmar Bergman. The film is slowly and dull. But beyond that, I simply had no connection with or sympathy for any of the characters. Instead I felt only contemptuous for this parade of muddle, shiny, nicotine stained, martyred in an ever-demanding quest for identity. In the midst of a series of cosmopolitan thrills and cooked Brie's intellectual history is woven as a fart in the room. Everyone is talking about borders affecting high-level cigarettes. Everyone is "lost" and "difficulty", desperate to find direction or understanding or whatever and just go over and over to the point where you just want to calm down all of them. It's never about resolution, it's just about indifferent babble introspective. It is nothing more than a psychological drama to take in an extreme beyond the audience's ability to connect. Woody Allen has chosen to make such characters immersed in themselves we feel left out. And for that reason I found this movie painfully indulgent and spiritually dried. I see what he's going to do for his insistence on promoting his message in Prozac's project and his jettison film techniques past the point of importance. I highly recommend this one if you feel a little too happy and need something to remind you of death. Otherwise, let's just say that this movie has never happened.
