Airport '77 starts as a luxury luxury 747 luxury plane packed with valuable paintings and rich wealthy businessman Philip Stevens (James Stewart) who is flying & a bunch of VIPs in his estate in preparation of it's open To the public as a museum, also on board is Stevens daughter Julie (Kathleen Quinlan) & her son. The luxury jetliner takes in as planned but mid-air plane is hi-jacked by the Robert Foxworth & Banker of his accomplice (Monte Markham) & Wilson (Michael Pataki) who hit the passengers & crew out and sleeping gas, they plan to steal the valuable cargo & land on a deserted airstrip on an isolated island, but while making Chambers descent it almost hit an oil bundle of the ocean & lost control of the jet plane it crashes into the sea where it sinks into the bang underneath in the middle of the Bermuda triangle. With the short supply time, the water flows and has jumped about 200 miles of these mountain hurdles problems to the survivor as they await help and quickly ran out ... under the tile a slightly different Airport of 1977 second succession to kill the smash hit Hitler Airport (1970) led by Jerry Jameson & while once again as it's my predecessor I can not say '77' is any sort of classic forgotten fun though not necessarily for good reason. From the three Films Airport I saw so far I actually loved this one the best, just. It had my favorite draw in the three with a nice mid-air hi-jacking & then crashing (did not see tide in oil?) & Sinking in the 747 (maybe the musicians were trying to cross The original airport and another popular disaster flick through the Poseidon Adventure (1972)) and submerged is where it remains until the end with a style dilemma facing people trapped inside, either choking when the air runs out or drifts aside The 747 floods or whether any of the doors are open and it is a decent idea that could be done for a little flick of catastrophic flaw but bad character, subtle matter, lethargy set-piece and a lack of danger or suspension or tension means this is a missed opportunity. While the rather sluggish conspiracy keeps one entertained for 108 spotting minutes not so much happening after the airliner sinks and there's not much urgency as I thought they should have been. Even when the Marine gets involved, they do not pick up that much with a few shots of big boats & helicopters flying but there's just something missing here. George Kennedy as a jinxed aircraft worker Joe Patroni is back, but only gets a couple of scenes & barely even saying anything prefers just to look worried in the background. The video video & theater version of the '77 'running 108 minutes during the U.S. television versions adds an extra hour of footage including a new opening crediting sequence, many more scenes with George Kennedy as Patroni, flagship of meat characters, long save & the discovery or another couple of dead bodies including browsers. While I would like to see this extra foot I'm not sure I could sit at a three hour hour off from '77. As expected, the film has been dubbed seriously with terrible mods & interior design choices, I will say no more than the game model aircraft effects are not great either. Along with two other Airport Suites this takes pride in place at the Hall Razzie Award in shame although I can think of many films worse than this so I'm a bit harsh rule. The scene of action is a bit unkind, the pace is slow and not a lot of excitement or tension product that's a shame as I rule this could be a very good movie if they did well. The values ​​are alert if nothing is spectacular. The act is not great, from time to time Oscar winner Jack Lemmon said since he was a star starter in this one, once Oscar winner James Stewart looks old and cool, also once once Oscar winner Lee Grant seems to drink while Sir Christopher Lee is given little to do & there are many other familiar faces to look out for too. <br /> <br /> '77 's airport is the most disastrous orientation of the three films Airport so far & I loved the ideas behind it though they were a bit funny, the production & bland direction does not help though & a movie on a plane shed just should not be this boring or lethargy. Followed by the Concorde ... Airport '79 (1979).
