Summer season is here when choices in movies are limited to what's the hottest movie of the week, given 99.9% of the screens dedicated to screening. OK, so I can exaggerate on the percentage, but you get my drift. In addition to things from Hollywood, Bollywood too has their own parts of highly anticipated blockbusters, and in some of the trailer shows, I hyped them too. Tashan was billed as one of the most anticipated for 2008, but I was quite surprised at the lower than in the low of the movies. When I looked at Jodha Akbar, it was a house full, but it was not for Tashan. <br /> After I watched it, I knew why. It was fun, but it was basically weak. Just like it's literally English title, which means "Style", Tashan is all but small substance style. Not that it does not have the normal star power, but scenes are felt forced, and some are bound to a ridiculous tad, even for the standard Bollywood I have to say. Which is very surprising given that Tashan is directed and written by Vijay Krishna Acharya, who wrote Dhoom and Dhoom 2, both of which I enjoyed so much. <br /> In its direct directing rookie and Tashan, while you can not blame his direction, you would probably scratch yourself on the draw, which was the best clunky. He tried to force too much of the story, even though credit is given to where it allows you to come up with some future motives of questioning questions, but that has become a bit too late, and only in the final direction, leaving you guessing for just a Moments before he latched in full action mimicking a lot of a Thai action film, with Hong Kong's wires and ludikrous funny firearms with weapons and zero reluctance. And in an offer that includes everything including the kitchen shed, you have a variety of cars appearing, and the one who took the cake, in a homage 2 Dhoom, was the jetski boat in the middle of nowhere. /> At best, Tashan can enjoy as unintentionally comedy, and this is attributed to how the cast hammed up with the characters. Saif Ali Khan plays Jimmy Cliff, an executive call center that provides English tuition, only as a platform for fishing out new girlfriends. His playboy style has been junked aside when he meets Pooja Singh (Kareena Kapoor), who is not exactly the same, sweet and sweet hottie nature. She engages Jimmy service for her boss, Bhaiyyaji mob (Anil Kapoor), who probably gets most of the laughs as she speaks English breaks and phrases to love how an ah-beng does it. And to complete the quartet, Akshay Kumar plays Bachchan Pandey, an illiterate gangster who was engaged by Bhaiyyaji hunting down Jimmy and Pooja when they escaped with stolen money from Bahia's business. So start a journey tour of sorts, and friends who turn enemies, and enemies whom you know will become friends as the road travel wears on. Jimmy Cliff is probably more plausible at all, because he goes from zero hero, executing movements that would shame Rambo, in absolutely no time, which is quite out of character. The Kareena Kapoor amps factor in sex as she uses her charm to deceive both people, and she has many opportunities to do so to the many bikini scenes, and other costumes that boast in gully pockets or hemlines above the knee. Each character has a backstory created, and I thought the Bachchan Pandey Akshay Kumar was probably the best, most touching and fun of the much, even though his character seemed a lot like an incredible Hulk Hulk and gravity-challenged elite 'and main power packing. Its inhibits also heal automatically, which is impressive to shuffling swirling. And the best part is its theme song, which is alfa-male modes and played in rare-blooded fashion every time it takes on the opponents. But sad to say, this is the only memorable melody, something that cheers "Bachchan- Pandey-Bachchan-Pandey". For most Bollywood movies I watch, I'll usually be able to, despite the obvious gaps with the obvious language, ranging from brilliant music to music. I could not do that after Tashan, because the songs unfortunately just did not catch up at all. Usually the song / dance routine works well in the scenario without any necessity to bring the characters out of the current scene or location. That I enjoy, against hacking them out and plonking them in extreme high setting over a hill, or overhead shingles on the beach front. <br /> Tashan probably did not take himself too seriously, but came out of Vijay History Krishna Acharya, you probably wanted something a little more decent rather than the ridiculous, and for the continuity to be a little more attention as well. Budget as a blockbuster, now I can begin to understand why the people have already shunned this one. Although Akshay Kumr steals the show, Tashan could be best on the whole.
