Tashan - the head itself explains the nature of the movie. <br /> This type of movies is actually made for flop. What a shame that Yash Raj Films produces these movies is worth noting than C-class movies. Or even some C-class movies have better and fun stories than Tashan. Tashan's many hyped and sur-trusted promotional bombings in the box office that he certainly deserves. <br /> In my view, this is the worst movie ever made from honorable Yash Raj Films' banner. How to become such a heavy project Vijay Krishna Acharya with no real sense of making action flick? He tried to imitate Sanjay Gadhvi in ​​ways to do as Dhoom but he suffered at last. Scenes of actions are more like comic or cinema designs designed for tired audiences. The story also loses its meaning and tender substance to their hearts. In the worst part of Anil Kapoor remind me of South Tamil Rajnikant in her body language and word expression. I'm not a fan of Saif nor Akshay, but the award in Kareena should finally go hand in hand to Saif instead of Akshay. Just from the starting point I expect from it, but in the end it's my anguish and the Truth Greater. Saif is the main behind the whole adventure, while Akshay joins in the middle. In any movie, the final would be judged by the whole characters of the whole story and the award or say the reward should be to those who deserve credit. And Tashan lost that way, and unexpectedly failed to become a hit. <br /> <br /> Akshay's nothing new is shown in his comedy talent here but still reminds of his previous movies. It seriously needs to form a new image of its fans who would impress them again and again. In between Saif did a great job at Ras, and now he has returned to his hilarious nature in this film. But he has fully developed himself in the field of acting. And last but not least on Kareena. It looks really hot and bikini dress in which some complain as it gets too lean. But I do not think so, instead it gets slim. Yes mens !!! It is a good factor for a girl to attract the bigger people (or say, male). In addition, it is good that Ibrahim, Saif's son, looks at the latest & latest youth like Saif. I hope that now he also leans forward in target to act as his career. Those who love this Tashan are either mentally imitating or still wanting to return to childhood, or say wanting to be admitted to an asylum. Tumbs down to the first director of Vijay Krishna Acharya who mishandled the project offered by Yash Raj Films. In the near future he should experiment with studying the script minimum of 5 years before going in practical direction. <br /> <br /> Sorry, I do not like the rates of this star of junk movies.
