The vision of Kareena Kapoor in a bikini of pieces is about the only thing that wakes you out of your sleep while watching Tashan ?? Mega-disappointing, top-numbing the new movie in this weekend movie. Bad films are bad films and we see some weekly, but Tashan is not just a bad movie, it's a horrible movie. Terrible because it takes its audience to be granted, also terrible because the filmmakers expect to get away without a draw or common sense only because they have great movie stars .Written and directed by Vijay Krishna Acharya, Tashan is what you would be described as a road movie, but one is going in every direction wrong. Saif Ali Khan star as Jimmy Cliff, a call-center executive who hired to teach the English to Bhaiyyaji - that's Anil Kapoor playing an ambitious Gangster UP, desperate to go cool. Jimmy had his eye on Pooja, the very young gangster's assistant (played by Kareena Kapoor), who used Jimmy's boss to work on 25 rupee crusades. Determined to recover his money, he also punished both Jimmy and Pooja, Bhaiyyaji recruited his most trusted to do the job. So, you have Akshay Kumar as Bachchan Pandey, the faithful gangster's assistant from Kanpur, who tracks down the culprits and recovers the stolen money that is hidden across the length and breadth of the country. Like those fourteen minor fourteen, Tashan also held together by a threadable script centered on a vendetta plot. But the treatment is so over-the-top, so indulgent that it fails to establish any connecting. Instead of a coherent storyline or a traditional three-acting structure, you get a handful of pieces along around which most of the scenes are constructed wounds. This radish song song in the desert, the scene of bullet action in a fort of Rajasthani, Kareeena's bikini moments, even the ridiculous scene of climatic action filled with Shaolin monks, a scooter of water zipping into a naughty naar, and believe it or not, even a horse-drive Dhanno-style comes. In all fairness, not all these set pieces are badly done - the song of the desert is quite own actually - but very little of it makes any sense in the bigger picture, because you are just going out in one piece to another without any help in the script really. Little you expect in a seemingly fast-paced movie, to find an unmatched emotional trace on sweethearts kids. You see the problem with Tashan is nobody associated with this movie knowing what films are being made. What's more, I do not think to care either - reeks in the film of arrogance. Arbitrarily packaging of elements of each genre without actually stumbling to stop and see if the mix works, Tashan is like a overcooked.There are the films that kill you slowly, and then there's Tashan, a movie kill you and over. Packed snazzily and brilliantly-cameras-work, exotic and fancy costumes, each frame of the film probably costs lakhs to put together, but it still feels like a hollow piece to the end because the story does not hold. Narrative lending from Tarantino and style from Stephen Chow does not help either because they do not mix with the wafer-thin film scheme. One can complain a little less if the characters were more engaged, but Kapoor's Kapoor's Anilor Grays ensures you slit your wrist, and Saif Ali Khan fumbles in the crazy film, can not get his feet. Karena Kapoor, meanwhile, queen of the on-the-top delivery, does a decent job. But, of course, if Tashan is saved to some extent, it's thanks to Akshay Kumar's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character. You recoup when it sticks to pin it repeatedly, and you scowl when it delivers these double-meaning dialogs, but not for a moment you can take your eyes off the screen when it's up. Despite some good music in Vishal -Shekhar, the songs seem like they're only extending your misery. Well this because Tashan is a test of your patience. In case you did not know, Tashan means style. I'm sorry to say, this film is no.
