Superman II - Richard Donner The cut should be a fan's dream to come true. In recent updates, footage only seen in photographs and scenes that only exist on the printed page would eventually come to life. A director who could not complete his vision would have the opportunity for his vision to be restored. It looks like a winning situation. Then you start watching all the people in the foot and you realize this "esoteric dream" is a very real nightmare of sloppiness and incompetence. While it's entirely possible that no movie can compete with the perfect finish version each of us has imagined over the years it really would be a thrill to finally see this project. And it's just a very few times. <br /> You know things are unstable when the very first bit of text on screen looks like graphics graphics home computer. But then we start to see new feet (alternating from Superman - the movie for the trial) and that the first bit of hesitation disappears. Hey, this is nice clean! Things are aware of these floating moments until we see footage from intermixed STM and new effects for this project, and it is not convincing at all. And from that point on, it never never allowed. It's probably not right to judge a movie because of adverse visual effects, but then it's supposedly the direct follow up to a movie that has tag line was "You'll believe a man can fly" it's hard to believe something to show on screen Here. The best effect of this is from their original output. <br /> Another problem with this re-off. A lot of it just does not make sense. The only reason any of it's really working is because we've all seen the theater version of Herschel II, a movie that makes sense. Superman II Lester is full of holes in this people. This part could be because Donner did not get to finish shooting, the other party might be because the musicians of this project were intended to use little Lester material as possible. What we end up with is an assembly of feet that makes Superman IV look good and coherent. <br /> <br /> After watching this, one gets the sense that while Lester was loyal and comfortable using Donner material, Michael Thau and his team were very disrespectful towards anything filmed by Lester. The best scenes of the Donner Cut are the ones that rose relatively intact from the release version of Superman II. This includes the moon sequence and the sermon sequence, not ironically, both being filmed by Donner. But any other stuff from films that filmed by Lester is re-modified in such a tough mode, that it now makes Lester seem like a little fisted to know nothing. While Lester honors the Donner material, Lester is dropping down the bus. So, is there anything good in this release? Well Marlon Brando is in it, and that's their own to see. In fact watching any of the material injection by Donner is clean since it has all been filmed at the same time as the Superman - Movie. But that only puts the problem in this release. Any of the biggest scenes (really just Lois jumps and scenes with Marlon Brando) would be best served as a full-featured scene in a deleted scene section. Instead, shoes are cornected in a nonsensical narrative and inferior performances (many alternatives taken from familiar scenes are used) to edit sloppy and bad decisions. <br /> Look at the opening stage of the Daily Planet. Why are Jackie Cooper looking back as she calls Lois and Clark? At the end why do we have Lois walking in her black apartment only having that followed by Jackie Cooper walking in a dark bathroom turning the lights off? I was initially confused by this, because I hope to see Lois. All the people are full of choice choices like this. <br /> <br /> Battle scenes are also a mess, with no geography between cuts. It's just random action. Of course, the major action scene was shot by Lester and its material is only used as a bridge in the next series of thundering outtakes or alternating. They should have used more to Lester's feet, but probably had too much pride to admit that. <br /> <br /> Sloppiness is also in the military missile too. As noted elsewhere, the missiles shown in the Donner Cut carry the designation "XK 10" while we all know it's the "XK 101"! Someone blind at STM knows that! The producers of this assembly, who tried so hard to honor the original movie, dropped the ball less than five minutes and that error was indicative of the quality of all output. For all supposed care that has been put into this, the final product has a time of pain in it that is inevitable. <br /> <br /> The whole affair would probably be easier to digress if the Warner did not make this a separate release here in the states. As it is, we are expecting to pay for what essentially a bonus disc in deleted scenes with an "Play All" option. It really only worth one look so we can finally see the scenes off legendary, but after that first look, I hope this will be an excellent magnet for dust and little ones. I know after my experience in this view, I had new respect for Lester's version. It does not mean perfect, but Lester realizes the deficiencies of the script that stands out here in bold relief. He managed to make a movie that has been entertained for many years and will continue to do so, while this new re-cut will most likely only be remembered as a note in this film story.
