OK So I heard about this new Justin Timberlake movie that features some great great names. I mean big actors like Freeman aka Morgan Freeman, a Hollywood advantage, however completely wasted in this movie. Then we got Kevin Spacey, who I've been a big fan since I've watched American Beauty and Suspects in general. Both of these great actors were probably signed on to the movie thinking he was going to make a big movie as I did when I heard the story. Then enter a cool faced Justin Timberlake. I say fresh to cope because this is his first film and those rotten tomatoes have not hit it again. Well the reason for this, I might add, is because no one will ever see this movie or even hamper it this review. The movie is so awful that when I got in the first 15 minutes of it. The characters were so scarce that it did some Biblical characters look like Don Corleone. They got the materials one and sound-biting things dignity. The troubled black guy score (LL COOL J) who is with a gorgeous woman who he otherwise would not even be part of and in real life. The captain is this short whiny guy who speaks of such a high tone. And that movie movie should fill without the hero getting richer because of an experience. Oh and lots of firearms, I mean a whole lot. SPOILER (NOT PA !!!) This is the kind of fire weapon that leaves everyone in the police force who is crooked dead and the hero of the priority. They had flames of shoots and rocket launchers, really no kidding. <br /> <br /> Underline if you want to see her Edison because you're a big fan of one of the actors, or a big fan of Justin Timberlake, all the 13 year old girls are out there, enjoy !! I wish I had more hands, because then I would have more thumbs, because this film is so awful because then I could give it a lot of thumbs down that thumbs down would not mean anything because This film is so awful because it sucks so badly that it made me laugh out of frustration on the story line because it just would not end up because the shot and shout just kept happening. <br /> <br /> May G * D have to deserve all US and save us from these terrible movies. Well it could be worse, another awful RNB actor turning singer to turn awful actors is Usher, hehe check out in the MIX LOL, or even Get rich or die trying. Now the special thing about that movie is that he got 30 + year old man, plays 16 or even young. I could go with that.
