I figured it's about time I left this one out. Pokemon fans are suffering from America these days. Why? Because we count on Kids WB and 4Kids Entertainment to provide us with our many love and movies. As far as the series goes, they do a very good job of bringing the fun and magic into the Japanese version of TV. So what are the problems when it comes to the movies? Honestly, I've seen all three Pokémon movies in Japanese and I'll definitely have to see the one fourth. They are excellent movies. They are all enjoyable and fun to watch. And after seeing Pokémon 2000 in the theater, I can not help but wonder how these American producers read Japanese scripts. The way it appears, it seems that they read and see something that says `Put Moral Morality Here 'in the dark letters to deal. It definitely looks at these ways as they used the same wonderful duplicate methods they used on MSB (the extreme sarcastic) and created this crap. <br /> <br /> * Possible breakouts from here on * Well, I guess I should first talk about Pikachu's Rescue Adventure. My first grit and this came up with no narration. I guess they had enough bad comments on the Pokédex narcotics that the Rogue vacation Pikachu, and, instead of going with a caring, gentle voice that appears in Pikachu there is no Natsu Yasumi and Pikachu Tankentai, they just cut narration all along. This would not be a problem, except for one thing. Did anyone really understand why the Exeggcute did not let Togepi go until the end? Possible fans, but I'm sure not parents. Then there's the theme song. I could not help but roll my eyes into this one. The Japanese theme was `Tsunami Tsukuru 'Tankentai and was sung by Japanese children. It was fun and enjoyable. This one: nauseating. Now one of my favorite parts in the short was Kireihana in Dancing. Nice music, fun to watch. This changed with the Bellossom. The music sucked for one, but on top of that, they had all the Pokemon speech during the music, which turned out to be jumper, annoying, and just needed. Oh, and then there's the Poliwhirl who thinks it's a Poliwrath. You would think that guys who work with these characters will always at least learn what they are. Basically, not many could save this little ill dub fox, which is very unfortunate consider its potential. But I did not touch the worst of it anymore. <br /> <br /> You would think that warning signs would have been apparent to me when I got my problem in Nintendo Power. For some reason, I put some confidence in the 4Kids and the WB. My thoughts were well, aiming up on the movie first, but the second is different as far as the theme goes, so they should do well. ' That in my mind, I just did not pay attention to the warning signs I encountered in theaters when the trailers said, 'You will believe that one person can make all the difference. 'With the way they said that at every turn, I was hoping this would not turn into a moral moral as MSB did at the end of the English version. Then comes the Nintendo power, in which I see all my fears realized in the words 'the main feature' the power of one. 'At that point, I became a bit more comfortable. `The power of one? ' 'Not a good sign. However, I still keep some of my fake faith. Great mistake. <br /> <br /> Sitting in the theater, I was literally getting stomach cramps of another movie that I liked in Japanese were turned into complete and utter junk. I heard the comments saying it was best because the morale was more subtle. I can see a point in that since they did not interfere with this, repeat it over and over as in MSB. However, she has done more damage than anything else in this movie. First of all, the legend that it's all has changed somewhat he 's the world turning Ash. Ah hh. So, Ash is one of the choices? Whatever. In the Japanese version, the inhabitants of Arshia need a coaching Pokémon to carry out traditional ceremonies. This time, it is the one chosen. One of the biggest ways that this damage was to Lugia. Lugia was one of the coolest characters in a Pokémon movie .... when the movie was on Lugia. In this one, lugia is forced to take a seat back to Ash. At the scene where they are flying back to the main island, Loya and Ash are discussing the conditions in Liguria's existence, not Ash that will make all the difference. Overall in this category, Ash was not really 'one person' that would make the difference, since it helped not very much on the road. <br /> A lot of other things are kind of picking. Singing the Furura flute was not nearly sweet and enjoyable as one Japanese. Jirarudan in his speech said his collection 'started with a Mew card?' Ugh. Even worse, Misty's outrage originally concerned the Moltres and Zapdos roads. Why do not you put them in Pokéballs when you take them? This is like caging them to be displayed. 'Many different from whining about it thinks Pokemon are things to be collected like stamps. If there was any real redemption value in this, they came from Rocket Team. Some funny lines are very funny. Not really making me laugh loudly, but more to make me groom and slightly ease the pain in my stomach. Well, this was officially the latest American Pokemon movie I'll see. I was importing the third one and finding it very enjoyable. I would rather not see another Japanese film to be ruined at the same time as the first two. I will import one to the fourth as well. Forget you, Kids WB and 4Kids. You've abandoned me for the last time.
