Hollywood's obsessive obsession and end result in more misfires than hit. For each "godfather II," there are dozens of "More American Graffiti," "Stayin 'Alives," and "Grease 2's." While the original "Fat" is not a big movie, the 1977 adaptation of the Broadway strand running has evocative songs in 1960, energetic choreography, and an appealing cast. When Paramount began to work on a follow-up, the producers became almost empty on all aspects of the original blockbuster. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for movies, Michelle Pfeiffer survived this experience and obviously learned read scripts before signing a contract. His talent and beauty have already been evident here, and Pfeiffer seems to express embarrassment in the humiliating dance routines and singeless songs that he is forced to do. Maxwell Caulfield, however, lacked even the ability to express embarrassment, and his emotions run the gamut from catatonic numbness. What is interesting romantic, beyond the hormone, could Pfeiffer's sassy freshness be in the helmet kavfield? That dull mystery will last longer after ludicrous luau finals end up in a bad memory. Not only veterans by veterans such as Arden, Connie Stevens, and Sid Caesar have any understanding, although Lorna Luft is slightly higher than the material. Compared to the original, the movie comes up missing. However, even taking on its own terms, the movie is a clunker. After a frenetic opening number, which obviously exhausted the entire cast, energy to followers. With some exceptions, the original songs bring little resemblance to the early 1960s, and the only nostalgia conjuring up is for "Miss Us Brooks" and "When Caesar's South Comedy." The jokes are falling flat, with the choreography of a film directed by choreographer Patricia Birch is clumsy to be polite. However, the worst films have been inflicted on audiences, and the inept suites will make as long as producers seek letters of a quick buck from rehashing blokbusters. Unfortunately, "Fat 2" is not even involuntarily funny. Instead, the film captures the viewer's attention as a bad trawl trail. Just when all the bodies seem to have recovered, the next stage dive into even worse carnage.
