Well, at least my theater group, lol. So, of course I remember seeing grease since I was a girl, while it's never my favorite music or story, she still holds a little special place in my heart since it's still a lot fun to watch . I heard horrible things about fat 2 and therefore I decided to never look at him, but my boyfriend said he really was not all that bad with my friends agreed, so I decided to give it a Shot, but I call them up and just laugh. First of the plot is totally stolen from the first one and it was not really smart, not to mention they just used the same characters, but with different names and actors. Tell me, how do pink ladies and T-birds continue years after the former gang left? Not to mention the enemy's engine figure creator, Gee, what a resemblance to hit the guys in the first movie as well as these T-birds were just stupid and ridiculous. <br /> Another year at Rydell with music and dance has not stopped. But when a new cousin singer enters the scene, she is loved to be struck by a pink lady, Stephanie. But it must stick to the rope where only pink ladies must stick with T-birds, so the new student, decided to train as a T-Bird to win his heart. So he dressed as a rebel motorcycle bandits who can ride well and defeat the evil cyclists from the easy kicking T-Bird bottle. But does she tell Stephanie whom she really is she or she will get out on her own? Well, find out for yourself. <br /> <br /> Fat 2 is like a funny TV show of some sort that did not work. The gang did not click as well as the first fat made, not to mention franny coming back was a bit funny and incredible, because I thought he graduated from Rydell, but apparently he did not. The songs were not really catchy; I'm glad Michelle was able to bounce back so fast, but that's probably because it was the only one and talent in the end of this little funny, I would not really recommend this movie, other than if you are curious, but i has warned you, this is just a sad attempt to more money from the famous music. <br /> <br /> 2/10
