When I was 11, fat 2 was like cracking. It was a classless, shameful, eforous, and powerful addictive experience. My sister and I would watch her, return her, and look at her again and again until we passed out or got too confused and hostile to stand up. So, if you are an 11 year old girl, and you review this movie as "brilliant" or "fun" or "better than the original fat," you have your young adolescent hormones blaming and you can Repeat to ensure that this unyielding Extraction and extreme garbage will pass. If, however, you are not a girl, you do not have absolutely no excuse to suggest that fat 2 was anything but a nasty, malicious, slipshod embarrassment to all who participated in production, distribution, and / or consumption. <br /> <br /> For critical reasons, I'm going to dignify the movie now by explaining why it's puffing ?? <br /> <br /> 1. In a well-executed music, the songs should advance the narrative or develop the characters. In Fat 2, with a few controversy exceptions, in the music is obscene meaning. Most of the songs appear to have gimped innocent gender in a way too much and general ("Tonight Tonight," "reproduction," "doing it for our country," and "Prowlin '") without being single concrete statements on any of the movie characters or themes. Plus, all of the music is uncomfortable stupid and no one at the disposal of demonstrating even the crudest surnames in a ability to sing or dance. <br /> 2. T-birds should be badass, and if not at least somewhat likable, but instead each of them is a wussy-dufus-deficit. In the end, when Johnny Nogerelli offered Michael the sacred T-bird jacket and inspected him to the gang, Michael would kick him to the ground, spit on him, and duck to fervently scrub any part of his body, which was touched by her. But of course, it accepts it as if it is gold because despite the fact that they are a bunch of bumbling meat, there is no greater honor than to be one with the T-birds. <br /> <br /> 3. Since Michael is beautiful, smart, kind, resourceful, and above average in every way (musical impotence despite), it is possible that Stephanie would finally embrace her when she reveals herself be the man behind the mask. Stephanie, on the other hand, is a modesty, slack-jawed, bubble garbage bust, sweatshirt sweating, gracelessly rude and dingbat trashy. So, the anniversary of being beautiful (I guess), it has no features likable, so the audiences do not provide any justification for the depth of Michael's attraction. did not want to mention the gross inferiority of its predecessor since there are apparently many skulls out there that seem to feel that a comparison is unfair. I'll say this though, of those of you who think you want to review this chaos for the sake of the past: Fat 2 is an experience of re-living your first kiss. Only you are 32 now and kissing a snot-nosed 13-year old kid with acne and slobby braces. The magic is gone and you will leave room feeling and disturbed. Believe me.
