German filmmaker Ulli Lommel has managed a lot of horror fans to think it was impossible: it is the unity of fellow Uwe Boll for the crown of director of the worst horror movie ever made. <br /> <br /> Lommel is really the Ed's Wood at New Millennium. This film is like holes and ridges as the best-worst of EW. I'm both proud and embarrassed to say that I watched her in toto, morbidly captivating to see just the low bar could wear. The answer is: subterranean; Lommel dug a hole and buried it. <br /> <br /> The fun begins and drives into international nobodies. Only one who lives in Los Angeles, where every auto mechanic, physician and mechanism is an actor or screenwriter waiting to discover, he can easily understand how Lommel managed to find many actors wanna want to regret his ridiculous dialogue with a figure right. <br /> <br /> The main character, a stumbling beats, played by a German actor and a thick German accent. Aside from being a serial killer, it is also the oldest captain beat in LA. Despite the fact that she stopped women innocent drivers and took them to prison, then the shooters of her home (which inexplicably is upper floor of a furniture store), and does all this in clear eyes of her rookie partner, The LAPD refuses to investigate, going too far for physically assaulting one of his defendants in a ninja style attack on his apartment. <br /> <br /> The sets are excruciatingly bad. Budget designer's production apparently includes just enough money for a case of painting; enough to paint "Precinct 707" on a cardboard wall. Since the actors have obviously been paid non-professional - a sad variety of European emigrants (possibly deported if they act in their native lands), bimbos, mimbos, and desperate middle-aged women - and since they are little They spent money on sets, special efxs, locations or other production values, it is just that just mentioned that they were making a spring for some really-looking police uniforms. Unfortunately, they could not afford a police car; The uniform cops cruise the streets into a new bright mermaid location. <br /> <br /> More than half of the story focuses on the dirty works of our officers disrupting LAPD officers and the wasteful efforts of two young rookies to stop him. One of these young actors is mostly brutal because he is the only actor in this whole mess and even a wave of injection into a real career in these films. The other fits right in, with a rockabilly hairstyle and tortured Brando posing that needs to be seen to be appreciated. The latter part of the film is where the title gets its zombie, as the victims of our killer are resurrected after he killed a girl who just visited some Voodoo priests to have a protective spell is placed on it. Do not ask why a girl from Romania would resort to voodoo in an anticipation of being murdered, just accepting the Lommel's logic and enjoying the absurd ride. After extensive hand-clawing from graves covered near graves, the zombie girls managed to make their appearance. They look exactly like they did before death, maybe even beautiful, and glamorous black make-up generously airbrushed around the eyes. Look no further than zombies, they look more like fashionable high model ready for the runway. At this point in the movie Lommel lending a creative note from lol to his Boll lozeng, and injecting large doses of Euro-technological waste into the band. We are talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise. The stuff could be played in an Ibiza disco when Lommel was still young enough to shake his grip. Unlike other zombies, the girl Lommel speaks and works as normal ... er, I mean, as they did before becoming zombified. This gives our opportunity to our shower and more in his golden dialogue. Yes, it's a golden shower. I'm not going to spoil anything by revealing the traumatic ending. All I can say is it perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece. Spirit Ed Wood stays on ... or I should tell her mind.
