Zombie Nation 2004 R <br /> <br /> Hey, I was bored. I look at my little Comcastic box to find a movie to watch. Zombie Nation? Hey, I love zombie movies. Says the filmmaker some sort of cult follows in the description. Funny how does he not tell me not to watch this movie? I could use that advice. Zombie is just like troll 2 in that it's completely misnamed. It has little (if anything, depending on your point of view) to do with zombies, and it takes place all in a city. This movie turns into a crooked cop, who acts as seriously as possible (he must try to suck that much), while arresting women for trivial scams and then killing them. Yes, he is a cop killer series. Not only this movie is flawed in thinking that it is a flame of zombie film, it also gets its reality serious assassination reality completely wrong. Series Assassins enjoy killing, they live for it and get down with it personally. This guy knocked out the women, and injected them with some poisons. It does not even have sex with the corpse or deploy it. Talk about boring! Eventually, one of the five monstrous women she has killed has Voodoo protection done to her, and for no apparent reason, all five come back to life and head off to kill this guy. They were all buried or launched into the sea, but you would not know that buying their own sharp clothes are all wearing. The women then act very badly and take revenge. Oh yay. <br /> This movie was crap in each category. Crap acts, writes crap, crappier sex, and effect-making efforts. The women do not look like zombies, unless you count really dark make-up in their eyes to be the de facto definition of what makes a zombie. They can all talk, behave, think, and act perfectly human. The gore is weak compared to even many PG-13 films and the stripping is beyond short. You see the breast emperor in the opening sequence ... Then the breasts are even later! Go face. Guess only one actress wanted to go topless for this trite. The police station is so badly constructed that you can see where the walls of the wall are being avoided are obviously filmed in. You can see the pipes with the illuminated lighting and the heavily sparse set-up and even if you are blind , you can see the director fail. Steer clear, it's a waste of time. <br /> <br /> 1/10
