I imagine when Hitchcock specialists and experts find themselves together, the talk is not in the Great Master's movie as "North By Northwest" or "Aliens on a Train", but a less-known effort like this from 1931, dark and seriously flawed, which exhibited the great director of jet shapes. Emily and Fred Hill (Joan Barry and Harry Kendall) are a couple London lunch shrubs staying ahead. He is very pleased with them; he accepted it. Changes come in the form of a letter from an uncle, saying he will set them up so they can enjoy a life of luxury globetrotting. They plan for a world cruise. But the problems were just beginning. <br /> Just ask Richard Hannay, Roger O. Thornhill, or Marion Crane. Well, Marion's faint at this time, but you get the idea. Traveling with Hitchcock goes along like butterflies and light candles, putting one up for a dangerous trip at best. This is perhaps the earliest Hitchcock lead in this term, and not its most successful or memorable. Hitchcock tries to combine comedy with another element, in this case domestic drama rather than suspense, but the two are not coherent, at least not here. Hills are a dull, flat dish, with no chemistry or personality. When they find themselves in the Folies Bergère, in the form of cross-cut and stalks that seem to be ten years older than the rest of this movie, they are abashed in the team of female performers. "The curtain goes up too soon!" wasted Emily. "They do not dress." When the hills float away with each other on a sea cruise, it looks like a pity kills more than something tragic, even if the people are offended and they drop, too. Emily's people, Gordon (Percy Marmont) carry around the photo itself sitting next to empty seats, which he suggests to be filled by Emily. Fred's girl "The Princess" (Betty Amann) has Clara Bow's eyes and the five shades of Wallace Beery. There is also a reckless fellow passenger, a dudey spinster who Hitchcock still introduces with a cartoonish cone replication. Subtlety has always come. <br /> It's all that has been shot in an abrupt way, which has jamming and blocking dialogues. Hitchcock tries for some early comedy with Fred and his umbrella who does not come, and Kendall looks for a laugh while Berry plays for tears. When Fred and Emily broke, they saw they were jostled on a pair of peel-along rickshaws, one of many clunky attempts at senbolis. Emily's only character is vaguely sympathetic, partly because he really cares about her husband and agonizes his affair with Gordon, but mostly because it's among the first of Hitchcock's many blond magnetic blues , platinum ringlets she rubbed around her face as a Botticelli aboard the pile of open to a Chinese junk near the film's conclusion. > <br /> Matters conclude with a dangerous situation as set-pieces for their protagonists to come to grips with, and presumably repair their relationships. Only they are not active participants in the resolution, and except for the fate of a friendly chat, nothing about the recent ends. At least you get some enjoyable views in London in the early 1930s, with a chance to see Hitchcock when she's still working for food. "Rich and Strange" is Hitchcock pays his brothers, and learns to trade it, one for science but not casual films.
