... this would be what you got. <br /> <br /> Words alone can not describe how bad this is. If you have this pop trouble in and I guarantee you will be out of fifteen minutes. Robert Lowery was a very good actor in the 40s - but she phoned it here. In an interview, Johnny "Duncan" Robin said that at one stage he and Batman were running out of the car at home and that Lowery had doubled more from camera series because his belt was too tight! Duncan himself looks more like a motorcycle hood than a surprised boy - in fact it is more like a guy in his thirties waiting for Lowery to kick him so he can put the big cape. seems to have rolled in much of the use of many cars at the lowest price files - the dynamic duo does not put a lot of effort in hiding the fact that it's Bruce Wayne's car driving - in fact it's noted in several characters throughout The Series. <br /> <br /> The act is wooden - along these cheap - the dialogue is horrendous and if there was even a script they followed me if he read on the lines of "Batman says something here "because it certainly looks like they are doing it up as it goes along. Batman's utility belt is made of thin cloth that has no apparent apple to keep his gadgets - in one stage when Batman needs a stick to blow on all the producers' size just tuck one in as the starting stage - never to be seen again. His feathers are so bad he can not even see out of it and his ears look more like Flopsy Rabbit Rabbit in unpleasant places than doing anything batter. <br /> In one scene (I do not do this), Batman Replacement controls radioactive money that will burst into the second flame it's exposed in time as a discount to some hoods. It's radioactive so it can draw it - the reason it's very very flammable is not explained. Well, unfortunately the thugs opened the packet in a cardboard storage - we know it's a box storage because Batman sneaks in and pushes those boxes that watch about six o'clock on the hops to knock them out - and soon all their burning places in the ground. Thanks to Batman! <br /> In another stage after Batmobile is disabled, Batman flag down a motorist passing through the middle of nowhere and takes his car - let the man fend for himself and tell him not to worry because if Batman smashes up The car in the police will surely buy it another! Yes, you guessed it, says car careens on a cliff in a few seconds. Not that it is very important for the motorist who has probably died on display trying to make his way back to Gotham City. There is a tired subplot with Lois Lane script Vicki Vale who is convinced Bruce Wayne is Batman - it must be noted that Batmobile has parked outside Bruce's house - or maybe he saw Batman and Robin running through the market clearly in the suburban suburban area. <br /> <br /> Everything about this series is bad - with all the smallest of the audience will want to roast the toast of the screen. If you are looking for bad movies you could not hit a better highlight - if you want entertainment, try Burton Batman films, the Adam West Batman TV Series or earlier Lewis Wilson Batman series.
