Grant the budget and time constraints in serial production, batman and robin While earning somewhere near the bottom of any "cliffhanger" list, miss the lack of style, imagination, and atmosphere of its 1943 predecessor, BATMAN. The producer, Sam Katzman, was known as the "King of the Quickies", and, as his director, Spencer Bennett, seemed more concerned with speed and efficiency than to generate excitement. (Unfortunately, this team has been producing both Superman ceremonies, starring Kirk Alyn, with animated flying animations, music boxes, and supporting players supporting.) Opening each chapter offers a taste of what's happening: well titled titles (" Robin Receives Batman, "Batman vs. Wizard"), mechanical drone music, and our hero stumbled toward the camera looking around, either confused or having problems seen in their Halloween Halloween Costume. Its devil's cone and the eagle's beak, adapted to the harm that the stapler has adjusted during the battle scene. "Utility Belt" it is a strip of cloth with no compartments, from which it still manages to pull a straw and an oxygen tube at critical times! <br /> <br /> In any case, the lead players are poor. Robert Lowery shows little charm or individual flair as Bruce Wayne, and does not cut a particularly dynamic face As Batman, he creates the impression that he would rather have somewhere, anywhere else! Jan Duncan, as Robin, has Difficulty It is considerable for handling limited dialogue. It is too old for the party, and a very old stuntman is filling for him. Out of costume, Lowery and Duncan are as interesting as tired businessmen ambling out for a drink, without one ounce of the obvious chemistry between Lewis Wilson and Douglas Croft in the 1943 series. Though the serials were not known for Character development, earlier the BATMAN managed to introduce a more energetic cast. This one offers a group of moves in motion, not that the filmmakers provide much support. Not one of the hoodlums stands out, and they are led by one of the most boring villains ever, "The Wizard." (Great name!) Actually, they were guided by a sporty man of a curtain, a shawl, and a bag on his head, and an armed voice that desperately tries to threaten threatening. "First suspect" - a unique teacher, a TV radio - are simply annoying. Even the comic book "regulars" are unnecessary. It is difficult to discover many romances between Vicki Vale and Bruce Wayne. Despite the dangers facing, Vicki shows virtually no emotion. Commissioner Gordon is not too-bright. Unlike in the previous series, Alfred the butler chef is a most important walk-on line that is "Mr Wayne's residence." They are accessories for a drawn-out, comic-packed, incoherent plot, more sealed and unenspirated, repetitive music and unprofessional production design. Wayne Manor exterior resembles an average middle school home in any sitcom, the interiors that are in a cheap hotel roadside. The Batcave is an office desperately in need of renovation. (Costumes are kept rolling up in a filing cabinet!) <br /> <br /> There are pity that the filmmakers could not invest more effort in creating a thrilling adventure. While the availability of the DVD series is a plus for any "Batfan," one should not be fooled by the excellent illustrations on the box. They take more of the native attitude of the comic book than all 15 chapters of BATMAN and ROBIN combined. <br /> Now for the good news - this is not the 1997 version!
