Steven Seagal, Mr. Personality himself, this time is the largest US infiltration pilot who promised a forgiveness from the military (.. who tried to slip his memory at the start of the film for which he escaped base, later retained after interruption a thief gang at a shootout at a gas station) if it is able to successfully infiltrate a North Afghan terrorist base operated by a group called Black Sunday, who has commandeered a Air Force discretionary fighter thanks to an American treason . Together with a fellow pilot who admired the treacherous, Jannick (Mark Bazeley), John Sands (Seagal) will fly to enemy territory, receiving the help of his Arab lover, Jessica (Ciera Payton) and a freedom fighter, Rojar (Alki David) once on the ground. Jannick is kidnapped by Dark Black Leader, Stone (Vincenzo Nicoli) and his female enforcers, Eliana (Katie Jones), and Sands must know how they do not just re-take command of the kidnapped hijacked fighter, but deliver it 'too. And, perhaps, Sands can get revenge on the treason he has incurred, instead (Steve Toussaint) in the process. Sands have 72 hours until the general pilot bombs the entire area. On board the infiltration, Black Sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to erupt over the United States. Seagal gets a chance to shoot afghan when it does not slush the gores with knives. The film is mostly shotguns and body cast dead. Afghanistan's environment does not keep up to investigation (and how easy Seagal and co are able to move on to the unlikely area) and the plot itself is nothing to write home on. The movie is modified fast, the camera is a bit too practicing. Seagal is not as active as a hero as he once was with his actions tightly edited where we have a hard time seeing him taking out his enemies, unlike the good old days. One of Seagal's worst efforts, and it's as understated as ever (not a compliment). Even more irritating is the fact that Seagal never fights from combat with the movie's villain, tired of shame. It does not even snap a wrist or crack a stroke in any way visible (.. sure we see a slight resonance of some tools getting launched around, but it's not as clear a picture as I enjoy because filmmakers have such quick speed and dizzying pre-ups).
