After the assaulting assault attack, the chances that Seagal could only have a step up and theft of anger. Strong attack-force attacks would take some to do. Flight of anger is an improvement marked in general, but still in the grand scheme of thought, mediocre. Mediocrity is seemingly a success for Seagal these days, a sad insight into his career movie decline. Where force attack was a podge hodge in drawn lines to change drastically from conception, filming, post production, flight of anger caught the simplest plot line. Someone steals a high-tech fighter, planning to use it to fire chemical weapons (which we later, bizarre discovered, will destroy the whole world in 48 hours). Seagal found the plane back. It's simple, there is no annoying sub-plots, and scheme to squeeze the movie down as far too many of his recent works. This does not tell tell the story is good though, it's very poor. The introduction of side character is seriously done for example. <br /> <br /> FOF movie is bad. It seriously does not all involve, and Seagal seems bored with tears almost. He just looked at a small child who was forced to make school native to his will, and thus do with a constant grimace and time of half assistance. Can we blame Seagal though when the material is so un-ambitious and cruddy? Not really. This is the final movie of his Castel Studio, multi-photo deals. The producers can not be bothered to do anything remotely good, promising a budget of 12 or so million, and (after 5 billion mandatory Seagal's) probably pocketing a beautiful piece of it themselves (If the movie was made for the 7 million remaining then, I'm Elvis Pressley!). So, in that respect why should Seagal put the effort into a movie that already has its pre-sorted timetable. The fan though it can be discussed, at least be the effort. It's seriously jaded, and the continued use of stopping ins and dub-overs is more the indication. Michael Keusch directs some efficiency, while the cinematography is quite good, but in all technical areas (and as usual with Castel, a standard standard cascade team) there is nothing more than mediocrity, and nothing helps the movie to climb above its materials, and bored leading people. Again, there are a few action scenes focused on other characters than Seagal, which in all the truths we hate. <br /> <br /> Overall the action is not too bad. It's good and violent, and on occasion we treat in a few old embarrassing Seagal defeated, but in general there is nothing special. Partial due to a supreme crew crew, and lack of time film anything too complex or interesting. For me, Shadow Man was a more enjoyable movie, because while ignoring the incoherent, jumbled, drawn lines, there were more ancient Seagal moments, and more of him at center stage. It never disappears for the time period during the film. Seagal disappears bizarre during one action scene here, and re-emerges later, with little explanations. There are far too many stock feet used. Using stock shots is not something entirely horrendous, but using it as a crutch is. We treat them countlessly established vaccines of naval ships, all the time, which get annoying. The continuous continuity of the stock footage is all over the place (just checking the backdrops, chopping and changing). The film is just in the middle of the road. She tells her all that the best movie scene is a girl completely useless, and free on girls scene, with two hot chicks. Seagal even benefits up a while too! In general, this can be one of the largest shareholders based stockholders, but this does not mean much at all. This will please many fans, but should bear in mind, Seagal himself would probably want to forget the one's existence. **
