He said, "a mountain town can not hide itself" and Virginia City, Nevada, pose on the side of Mt. Davidson at 6200 feet west of Tahoe, is a prime example, or in the context of the movie, should be. Virginia City exploded in the American Dream as a golden and silver shower, suspiciously the same year Civil War started. It was cradle of American letters; It was where a young reporter named Samuel Clemens began using the name "Mark Twain" and was going to become America's most famous writer. He was also born in the great Hearst Fortune, with the launch pad of John Mackay, who became the rich man of America, the third rich man in the world. Hey, they should have made the movie about it! In the Virginia CIty 1860 was boomtown in all boomtowns, the home of the big bonanza, at one time the largest "metropolitan" area in western St. Louis and east of San Francisco. But Virginia City (the movie) lacks all that and more about a hogwash North / South duello between the characters played by Errol Flynn and Randolph Scott. Flynn is Captain Kerry Bradford, a union officer who is a POW in a concentration camp run by a Capt. Capt. Commander. Vance Irby, played by Scott. These two are always received in each other's way. Bradford saves and then tries to stop a bulk cargo shipment being "snuck" out of VC by which others are happening. . . Irby! "Hey, what's he doing here?" Terib. Bogart plays a Mexican Mankenic bandit who can not decide who's in his side over. Miriam Hopkins plays a quiet character named "Julia Hayne", obviously a historic cancer in the city's first lady, Julia Bulette, who in a real celebrity life celebrates. She goes to Washington with Honore Abe talks about saving Bradford (by Irby) from hanging with blah blah blah. Go face. They should hang the writer. In "real life" Twain reported that at the last day of the war, the environmental setting caused the American Flag of Mt. Davidson appears in the residents believe to be weirdly about fire, kind of like the movie. Three days after it was discovered that on that day the South capitals. An exciting contender of the movie is how sidekicks Alan Hale and Guin Williams flick the films forward when they shoot, as they are fishing, or trying to make the bullets go faster. Not a bad idea for the movie. Similar to goofiness is lathered on sap and corn throughout the film. Gosh, how can they miss the gold craze, wealth fortune, fighting weapons in the silver mines, Mark Twain is getting run out of town and beating up after a confrontation, the croaking train, the Fire House Opera, Artemis Ward, Bulette's great fun, Chinese tongs, black saloons, auction. . ? All this on a hill surrounded by the desert? The truth was real. Does its fabulous wealth actually sparkle the great American Holocaust? Well, if you count this movie, it would not be the first phase out of Virginia City. It's a disappointment for Virginia City fans because it lacks what made the city a "city of illusion," where it says evil jumps out of the ground. . . Okay, other than that is a fun movie. Flynn and the gang still big no matter what the stories are destroying. If Flynn would just play self rot I would double my rating.
