MAJOR LEAGUE: back to the MINORS (1998) ½ * <br /> Start: Scott Bakula, Eric Bruskotter, Corbin Bernsen, Dennis Haysbert, Jensen Daggett, Writing and directing by John Warren 100 minutes Rated PG-13 (for language and violence ) <br /> <br /> Do not believe that or not, in the new John Warren comedy "MAJOR LEAGUE: Back in the Minors" there is only one funny scene. It consists of a sequence where a thrill trainer throws a hard baseball into the wall behind him only to have it hit the cement and bounces back and breaks it into the face. It's not much, but with the exception of a few one-material, it's all this movie has to offer ... enough to say. <br /> <br /> This film is not only structural problems, characterized by undeveloped, predictable and seriously written, but also just plain bad. Even non-critical audience members will hate this movie and all that they have received. It is so familiar to it just is not funny. How often does the same movie on sports be done? Last year we saw this material even in "Air Bud: Golden Receiver," and as bad as that movie, this is even worse. At least "Air Bud" was family oriented. "Big League Back to the Miners" is too vulgar for a crowded family to see together on a Sunday afternoon. It is too childlike for adults. So who is this movie for? Teenager? Elders? People who are so desperate for entertainment would rent something like this? The movie, like many others like this, has one basic point it tries to do: teamwork win it all. Yes it does, and what a great moral to try to prove. Too bad we have already seen and except it many times over and about having the little talents and intelligence that cheerleaders are men in a ballerina suit. Where the sophisticated announcers form their own "comedy comedy boards" muttering a covering material such as "Sucking," "This fast balloon is timed with an hour glass," "This guy dropped out of a small ball time to find something he lost - maybe he was his idea, "" Someone needs a nap, "and" ever see a sunset as beautiful as that play. "Where the characters have such little meaning to each other that we never know they are not. And where only the heartfelt conferences on teamwork is so unknowingly that it is almost comical. <br /> "Big League Back in Minors" is so bad; it stops its trite ends right in the middle of a good lock sequence. Good baseball teams are on a comeback, they are about to win and - the power goes out. I thought for a minute that this piece of waste came to a conclusion, but in fact, its false scene existed only to add minutes in the run time. The film basically consists of a series of related excuses that are thrown into many brutal jokes that are not funny. There is another kind of in-line line of dialogs that has a coaching and a gambler talking about each other about why a long time coupon does not want to be in that position anymore. The coach's response: "You're too old, too slow, and too fat." Reaction to the player is to die. But this scene certainly does not make this film remarkable at you time, and certainly not worth a cent of your money. <br /> So here is another obnoxious entreaty of this genre of film, another that ends with its own script, which is faced before seeing, and another that is so familiar it looks like already other countries over yet. <br /> <br />
