Totally ridiculous. If you know anything about poker, you'll find it absolutely terrifying, but also fun because it is so clueless. The Nerd who made this film is obviously very religious and knows a little about the game of poker, but I doubt he has ever played above 3-6. (I think he also knows there is nothing in golf.) Where to start. I saw better production in classroom classes I took freshmen years of film school. The actors to watch this movie are Queen Momma, Scotty Nguyen, and the loser who can never win in poker. Everyone else is as wild as they come, like bad porn actors. <br /> <br /> * Spoiler * The movie man starts and in the opening sequence is the only reason the movie was made. It is a railroad that does not play poker and never has a line of dialogue, but the actor is the man who obviously pays for the movie. I can not think of a more useless waste of money than the man outdoors out for this useless production. It's fitting that it has such a useless role. <br /> There are so many poker in this movie. Most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots are not resolved in the slightest. Queen Momma has a show-robber scene where she launches her companion lost in a window and tries to shoot her brain out. Also, the nameless Arabs in the convenience store also provide brilliant performance when they debate whether they beat or kill an older lady who relies. Subtle performances are readily amongst the films. It makes you ask why they are bothered to get all those white to play their drive. <br /> In conclusion, complete nonsense. Plan 9 from outer space has a little more coherence. If you play poker even if you might want to have a laugh. Also, if you are a Christian you might enjoy some of the heavy-handed religious-peaking conversations of the film as well as first printers. I hate cinema made by religious people. Especially those who think they know something about things they do not know anything about them. It is sad that Jennifer Harman and Scotty Nguyen took part in this travesti as I can not help but think less of them. They should envy Johnny Chan for the Rounders.
