Allow to enter the world of this movie for a second, so you can better understand what kind of movie we are dealing with here. Edison is one of the really stupid movies where the bad guy and his goon has left loose 50,000 bullets shot at the good guy behind the walls and poles, shouting at them, and finally finding out good guys face face and instead of killing her ...... instead of wasting the guy who caused you so much grief .... instead of just walking up and getting pops! ..... What did you do? The bad guy ..... she's talking to her. He grabs the good guy and talks him while holding his gun. They have nothing to do with that! CHOT him! SHOOT IS NOW! But he spoke to him anyway. Oh something else. In the end, a journal says "PILITZER Dash winners History right here" or something above the right on a front page of a paper, when it's like the first time the story is printed. So, how does the heezy make someone have a Pulitzer for it fast? Yes, you know these kinds of stupid movies? Well, Edison is a Nutshell. <br /> You get Mr Cool Morgan Freeman and Eyed Hard Spacey Kevin Spacey who both phone their role completely, LL Cool J who scowls literally every moment in the movie, while proposing his girlfriend to a damn night club at Everywhere, and who at last line "Duck" was something like a lethal weapon film that never did ... and Justin Timberlake wept with spokeswoman every time he spoke, little kidding bartender .Only The bright spot was a crazy Dylan McDermott doing her best "Denzel from Day Training" impressions, which was pretty fun. <br /> Oh yes what's the movie about? Eh, something about scandals including fictional city Edison city in special police units called "FRAT (I swear I do not do this up) that was supposed to be an obvious game in SWAT Anyway little journalist singer boy Justin Timberflake ointment stuff Mobs lean after a kill that involves 2 cops survive from FRAT, and he goes to chop off looking for a story, taking his boss (Freeman) to trust the road while both unravel something bigger and disaster than they both thought .blah .. It's like a brief brochleg that meets a day of training halas .The slang was slow and off, the script was awful, and the act was very inspiring.It flying everywhere without blood They do not go anywhere .. People get put in coma and you forget about them Everyone in this movie just did not think.Top of what a stupid movie It's harder to write any sort of review for it because movie in leaving my brain my second it ended ... no lie o no waste your time!
