STRANGER WHAT FIXING my anger so much, I signed on IMDb just to write this review. STRONGER FICTION is an amazing movie, touching and thinking-induced until the very end. Once you stopped multiple logic troubles (why did not Ferrell hear Emma Thompson's voice 10 years ago when he started to write his book? "The phone rang. The phone rang again." How did he know it is calling.?), the film challenges one thought of mortality, fate, and sacrifice. Short stories in literary terms provided by Dustin Hoffman should mainly entertain former English mayor. And Maggie Gyllenhaal is still a pleasure, though Can Ferrell might just be as easy for an ax blaster as a bumbling soul. His quick quickness in him is a strong growth of faith. <br /> Ah, but the finish. Until the very end, I would give 9 out of 10 stars of this film. The film as a metaphor for life's journey, as a tribute to the notion of 'writing true,' as a reminder that great literature is either comedy or tragedy, but not both, is exceptional. The film all of the viewer's visuals understands and accepts the moment of Will Ferrell's fate. And no matter how enduring a character he can become, we know well why we will accept the end. The last act happens, the screen goes white, the credit rolls. A deep and powerful end to a nearly perfect movie. An end that would be debated for weeks. <br /> NO !!!!!!!!!! No credit roll. Say it is not so. Said Hollywood does not tack over another 10 minutes of crap that completely weakens the integrity and heart of the movie. Dustin Hoffman received it right when he said, "It's no longer a prince; it's OK." A fair review of the movie. Except for me, it was not even OK. I was so disappointed about the betrayal of 'true writing,' about the decision hanging the movie that I actually burst into angry tears explaining this on the ride home in the movie. I do not often cry. I could care less about most movies, but I'm still upset about this one. <br /> <br /> My question for Zack Helm, the writer, is that: did the original movie when the screen went white? And you were forced by the stupid-power-movie movies to sneak on a loyal turn of the core of the movie? Or do you tack that maudlin ends on yourself? I have read you brilliantly. I hope the original script ended the movie the first time. <br /> I know Zack Helm will never see this review, and I could get a contact for him to ask myself. But please, movie-viewers, I am the only one who feels this way about STRANGER as a fiction? A good thing came from me seeing this movie: I double admire LOST in tradition now.
