Blue Soldier is a film and pretentiousness: the pretensions must be some sort of deepest declaration of man's humanity, about the exploitation of the white man and the brutality towards indigenous peoples; a bite, unflinching and sardonic Comments on the horrors of Vietnam. Well, sorry, but it fails miserably to be any of these. What Blue Soldiers actually are pervert, trite, seriously made, dishonest garbage. <br /> <br /> Another review here hit the nail on the top of it saying it appeared a hybrid of two entirely different movies. What she basically is a lame, light-haired, acting "romantic couple" romance - Strauss and Bergen overcome the prejudices of the other life and fall in love (ah, bless) - recorded by two disgusting massacres would not have been out of place in a Lucio Fulci filthy flick of films. There are no excuses for bloating, prying, gore-dipping the ground, in which cute little native American children are various shooting, slicing, chewing and pavement in love with pre-up graphics, and large-breasts native American women molested, raped and nailed up - there is no excuse, that is, except box office. (Mass in itself, also repulsive to its intervention, is very seriously scratched and shot; a bunch of actors lying around and painting red purple on them, interrupted with a few special-effects of cutting / dismantling - unraveling , incidentally, that uses real empowerment in filming them .. Now is what I call OS.) <br /> Forget all the Pope you've heard (including the funny comments that begin with the movie ending) on ​​this being a "protest", a US indictment against the native people. This movie does not give anything to Cheyenne's fight; made it so that it would have some characters involving native Americans, would lead us to get acquainted with caring about the nameless innocent, innocent victims of the climax. Instead of finding the romance of common white bread in Bergen and Strauss (lousy actors both, at least), with lots of blood, bowel and head cut off to attract the curious. It's a terrible shame, because there is a movie to be done on the massive sand massacre, about all the US real-life massacres (and Britain, and all so-called "civilized" nations) have participated in over the centuries (Iraq? ). This just is not movie.
