This description must be provided for all wannabe filters to the Hollywood bus station. They then fill in empty spaces and put their stories in hick cities or urban ghetto from where they just happened. You know exactly what this movie is about from the opening shot, four young boys playing in motion move movements, accompanied by voices on narration. Next stop after the bus stop must buy stock stocks of young boys playing in green moves slowly. Once they grow up, it's easy to spot the writer / director in the middle of the map. It is a quiet, contemplative, long-haired person who has never seen blood composition her tucked in his pants. This means that his excellent writing talent will be his ticket from Hickville to Hollywood. Only no writing, or directing talent to display here. But if you still can not know which one it is, here's a hint: The author and his character have the same name middle. It took more than an hour to assume that those twenty-something people were supposed to be still in high school. What looked like a prison was apparently a high school, the Warden turned out to be the principal. Once more, the bad, subconscious rebels can book everyone in the movie in the pavement, murder and pillage, but it's powerless to stand for his alcoholic father. How about to knock back, kid, like you do everyone else? Many scenes fight for no apparent reason. Controlling bad dialogue. Many scenes are seriously out of focus. Cartoon characters keep popping up as bit players and extras, unintentionally laughing designs from the premiere audience. Overlap in the extreme. But if you do not properly find the independent speeches, or the slow-motion scenes, just listen to the music overbearing. It will be your sign in and what you are supposed to feel. Poor Marisa Ryan must rack up as many floors as often as flier as it travels across the country to work in these regional film amateur. The biggest sin is that the audience should feel sympathy for children who are armed down old ladies, running on chains of puppies in a tree, robbing and stealing, all while complaining about sad, sorry their lives. But if only we could get out of town this hick and go to college. Yeah, this is the ticket. Why is every movie every twenty-one believe that his life so far is so important, so exciting, that the world can not wait to see it screen? If this film is as autobiographical as it seems, then the best author will look on his shoulder for policemen delivering warrants.
