This is a well-torn story about a man who is married to save the donkey's nooks, then lying on "taming" his reluctant bride. He managed to be sexist and racist at exactly the same time. We never find out, for example, why a woman who respected an Indian warrior is completely able to fight against her ex-husband. Or why members of his team are so eager to find a "real man" in the device when it seems to have taken care of things just fine on his own. This only makes sense in the centenary of Hollywood. There's a really stupid scene where he's his motorcycle and it actually captures the whip - a second time - then he cuts his horse. Never forget that the first time probably would have lost her an eye, which would make it very difficult to catch this whip! He then prioritizes a fight against his Indian bodyguard where he spends the first two-thirds of her getting battered in a shit. This is the second wind. And he successfully bargained with some Indian bloodthirsty (as they all are in the cops) after being rejected it now is his "squaw". Never forget that he has diplomatic zero skills and has been negotiating with them for years. With the way he keeps rejecting his attempt to seduce him just holding his sting and holding him out of getting a hold on him - yeah, right. Like women, they just send their heads on it all the way down the trail. Finally, neither of the leads is convincing of their role. Madison is just a jerk that gets unrealistic chance. Fleming her hair bends and scowls a lot, but is totally compelling as a fire tomboy. The only reason you would root for it is because you want to see Madison get tied to a runaway horse and drag on a cliff before the end of the movie. The way Madison teaches Fleming is so predictable and has some obstacles that it will irritate the heck out of you if you see women as anything but blow-up dolls. Even if you see them as poop, the total lack of suspension will make you. <br /> <br /> Total waste in time. The same type of landscape in dull. Give this one a great miss.
