The documentary turned on Eva Moz Kor, a Holocaust Survivor, part of Mengele's experience about twins, including primarily his version of what happened in Auschwitz, and a comparison of the emotions of other survivors of the twin experiences. The film obviously had great reviews. It is one of the subjects that no one is thrown into a controversial opinion. <br /> I also, for a large part of the film, has sucked into the emotion that the movie-maker so obviously wanted the viewer to focus on. One of the users reviews of IMDb by Eric Monder (obviously nothing critical to saying about the issue on a public forum) was to find only the Sweetest Nectar. "In one of the many dramatic sequences, as a group of Jews discussed with Kor in a Jewish center, the meaning of the word" forgive "is even controversial, but the Korean is isolated and more than its own has" but at the moment, Sappy maintains that the movie was on my emotional sleep backpack left enough that I could see clearly once more. After the "strong-entertaining" Eva Kor forgives her "captivating Nazi" movie begins to dig through that forgery is all about, at least in the opinion of Kor. The movie goes on to track it, passing public declarations to forgive Nazi and new territories. For me, this was the meat of the film, surrounded by insect fat in her "forgiveness". Obviously, it was a very sick cow. In a mission to test his theory of forgiveness, to heal wounds in the past, he made his way through the "promised land" to meet with some Arabs, discussing the issues that they deal with to see if dialogue can not lead to a better understanding of the situation and much interspersed with debates and discussions with Jews in the US about his act of forgiving the Nazis, including one in a Jewish center in Chicago. Since then, anyone who is not so teary their eyes that they can not see the screen will find it hard-pressed to miss the obvious contradiction in his statement. <br /> <br /> Firstly, you immediately notice her body language, defensive and do not want to listen to a room full of intellectual arts and teachers. His comment on how he feared they might have been kidnapping he showed how much of a waste of time, effort and money the entire act was. A rather bothering Dr. Sami Advan (Professor of Education at Bethlehem University) gets it just right when he says Kor cuts for a statement about how he would rather sleep in his apartment. debate in the Jewish center of Chicago, where it is "grilled" on the meaning of the forgiveness and its right to do so, in the wake of those who continue to suffer from the shock of the acts. will cut into the chase. At the end of the film, I was hoping I was not chosen to watch the movie. The film was badly driven, it would never dig deeper into anything except Auschwitz apart from trivial peppers, just enough to ensure that the holocaust was refreshed by the memory viewers and incited a lot of tears. He showed that Kor, the subject of the documentary was able to engage in fair discussions. Ability of discussion was limited to parroting his position on forgiveness (at best) to a complete unwillingness to listen to or participate. <br /> <br /> Finally, everyone is so retarded today that they can not notice the difference between making peace and forgiving? Let another IMDb user, "I do not see his forgiveness as being weak - quite the contrary, she just wanted to relieve her in her soul, she wanted the suffering to be over, so she let her go . " That would be the perfect definition of layman in making FACE. <br /> I guess, in a world of propaganda, blind faith and political equality, there is no place in the questions that have "gone to the most human than the mind can understand". <br /> <br /> PS The dictionary certainly should go through all the Book-to-buy list of everyone to keep doing.
