LL Cool J does the best of that movie I hope! He did a fabulous job acting as a "renegade" cop in a "renegade" department. From the very beginning, he does a good job of building visualizer for his character and the situation he's in. He acts as a sort of "gentle giant" - someone with rough exterior can scare anyone, Heart is clearly in place right from the very beginning - and it does an amazing job. It was clearly the best character in the movie. <br /> <br /> This was certainly a performance that will not win Morgan Freeman any premium. After the start of the power movie movie like Shawshank redemption this movie was certainly a step down. His role in Edison simply did not allow him to show his true talent as an actor - and in terms of the conglomeration of characters put him sadly about a back burner. There are many ways his character (Moses Ashford) could take a more important role. That it was not disappointing with a true kite-down. I was hoping to see more from him in this movie. <br /> Timberlake should stay in the music industry. His painting was painted by a young journalist who had acted unperturbed. This film is a typical action film (at least initially) to bring some resemblance to the LA Police Experience in the past. When you have a movie action, it has its part in shooting-em-up scene, blood, and bowel. These scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable. Watching the beginning of the film has a little suspense about what will happen to the end - thinking of what you would typically expect in a good-cops / bad-cops conflict - and it brings little resemblance to a police shot real -You. <br /> What's wrong with me was the way Timberlake's character behaved during shooting-out scenes. It starts out having weapons and does not use them. Then when he finally gets around to use one he fire it as if he fired a gun all his life. Then it runs out of bullets and does not have a gun - and 30 seconds later, without moving or anything - suddenly there are 2 more weapons totally charged with extra ammunition? Small mistake to draw like this really lost the movie for me. <br /> <br /> If what you are looking for is a blatant fictional plot of a fantasy world where everything turns out okay, then you'll probably love this movie. Personally, it does not matter to me that KIND of his movie is as long as it is realistic. Let me believe that the story is true. This story was so obviously fictional in many aspects that I felt to feel satisfied.
