I love all kinds of films, especially horrors. That being said, survival does not live up to any of the hype surrounding it. <br /> I can not give it any points on originality. There is nothing wrong with exploring the same terms, or remaking what others did. He just gets a cop out for independent films taking us on a slasher trip through the woods, a crazy killer, and as in recent years, dropping into some crazy families. On these lines I have to compare it with the likes of Texas chainsaw, Wrong turns (though the twist of this one is obvious), and others. Survive falls up short ways against comparable films. The plot was just not original in any way. Some films can get by with a weak (and over-the-counter) scheme and superb act, special fx, or other factor killers. Survivors are not in any of the banks. If you will, remember the following: Acting in the movie has never taken. I do not hit or blame the actors for this, neither the director. The dialogue was at best, and the actors involved never showed (did not say there was) the talent pulled off. I mention 2 standouts. The leading person in this movie certainly has the look, but I'm seriously thinking he needs to consider more training before he's ready to bring a movie. The actor who described Greg also had potential, but we never get to see any of her (see the movie to see why, you will not believe it ..). Ah yes, the little bit-bit of magic movie is designed to take us to the glorious days of "Grindhouse" movie. In today's film, became a guard. It either works or does not. In this case it just does not work. There are too many other flaws going on, so it winds up distracted from the movie, does not add to it. That being said, I think they did a great job of adding that grain. These are some good quality pills. I think of a different script, better direction, and possibly actors, should try another "Grindhouse" attempt. They will probably pull it off. <br /> As far as the technology aspects, in my opinion, are never quite left for me either. Best care could be taken with audio (sound like it was fed directly to the camera but nothing wrong with that) and being fired on DV, it was too soft for my taste. That's all I said about that .....
