Spoilers <br /> <br /> Wow, the world's end is an overwhelming movie theater experience. <br /> Here is the full story: a scientist will receive messages from space (an Independent Day). Messages say such massive disaster is about to happen and then the scientist hears later on the radio that a great earthquake just happened in China. It begins to think that the messages have something to do with disasters around the world so he tried to figure out who's getting the messages (and who's also sending messages in space). He and his wife eventually figured out that their message came from a convent. They visit it. Everything seems normal, including the priest playing by a bored Christopher Lee. But the scientist is determined and really believes that the messages are coming from and going to cover. So he and his wife secretly go back to the convent where they hold snooping around by the aliens, disguised as priests and nuns. They were caught against their will and the alien playing by Lee the scientist to get something they needed in order for them to return to their planet. Once the alien finds the special component, the aliens are all part of one of the home planet in some sort of transport platform looking for trenches. Lee, the last foreign was left, tells the couple that the earth will be destroyed because of some sort of decision hokey by the aliens. Lee walks in the transporter and goes. The couple, look at the monitors showing stock stock of natural disasters that occur all over the world, decided to follow the aliens. Because the earth ends, the couple does not see any point to stay behind to walk through the transporter and disappear. The last shot in the movie is a planet Earth planet exploded. End a. <br /> <br /> That's it. I have never seen such a dull film in my life. It's the most underwhelming movie I've ever experienced. The scientist and his wife are two worst heroes or protagonists ever put on screen. They do not care about anything. They see the earth's disaster on the monitors and decide "what heck, who needs the earth anyway?" They do not even try to stop them or do something to do better. This kind of story might have worked if the film had an overwhelming sense of bankruptcy in everything, but the action and atmosphere are nonexistent. The actors and their folks behind this tricky flick are passing through the paws, so much so that you can almost feel when they punch the cards when they get off and return to work. I did not wait so much with this movie because it is a Charles Band production, but I did not expect it to be this bad one. <br /> <br /> Christopher Lee was once wondering what was the worst movie she ever did and she mentioned STARSHIP investments. Well, I'm sorry to Chris but fellow envoy was actually sweet to jump. STARSHIP INFORMATION is awful, but very fun. The end of the world is very, very much, much worse: it's beyond subtle and inert, and NO entertainment value too.
