He received Christopher Lee, having received large banks in the 1970s computer making Teletype noise as letters appearing on the screen, receiving radioactive isotope that not only glowing in the dark, but emptied noise pulses, having volcanoes ! Foreign aliens disguise as nuns! vag mare! earthquakes! exploding machine! exploding coffee machine! and as a climax to the whole planet. How does this movie world manage to be so incredibly self-numbingly dull? The answer, my friend is because 90% of this film is made up of established shots, most of which involve long tracks, pan, or zoom in combination, or occasionally all three, which does nothing except to give the team something to do. There are endless shots in our protagonists driving, getting in and out of cars, driving again, walking around looking at things, getting into cars and driving ... I just sit there watching the eternal paradise of anything in murmur stupefaction "Say something, please someone, just say something ... do something ... anything!" "<br /> <br /> The dialogue, when it comes, is terrible. <br /> <br /> "Perhaps the minutes are measured on a different scale than we are." It was a typical nonsense line. The scripts end up in the destruction of the world by foot stock, justifying this word from Lee as the alien head: <br /> "The planet Earth has emitted an over-abundance of disease, contaminating the Universe All the light years planets away here will suffer unless it is destroyed! "This is Neanderthal SF writing script. This is the sort of motivation you get in the Japanese Japanese movie costume costume aimed at 7 year olds. It is, and I am collecting things, the most God-terrible lines from an English SF film since Buster Crabbe retired. He fears believe that this film was released in the same year as Star Wars and Closed Encounter. Lee, who always hit me as a clever, useful actor and a sure knowledge of his limit, deliver his line as if he will kill his agent to get him to this pile of drek. I do not blame him.
