I hate to sound like an 'old man', but honestly I have not seen too many movies that I love being done after 1960 ... generally movies just seem to get worse and worse (although I enjoy Scott Baio the vehicle "sweet, sweet", except for the 'rigur' sex scene added no value to that movie). This movie makes the mother, a former girl Las Vegas choir, seems incapable of surviving on her own, although she is clearly in her 50s (though the hint of being in her 40s). I did not buy it. I'm 57 and like every woman I know in the 50s and 40s, more than able to survive on my own (as I did since I graduated from high school at 13, got legally emancipated and set off on my own life on the journey.) The child is not credible in his role role ... he gets a promotion he does not deserve (a great opportunity) and drops that ball too, but when another female employee steps up to the plate and is ready to Delivered, the writers shot him down as an 'opportunist', when he just did what any career-oriented people would do - taking advantage of a wide-open opportunity created by the lack of self-discipline of work colleagues She, a girl who apparently does not understand the concept honors her promise (to give her boss, in this case). The grudgingly daughter allowed her mother to stay with her on a temporary basis, but then treated her mother (the woman who gave her life and raised her to 'adult') a pariah. Apparently, the 'writers' of drifts like this do not understand that it is not 'commonplace' for parents to act like children, and then treated as children by children. That's just more of the 'baloney' in society that Hollywood keeps trying to force down our throats as if we, the public, were stupid for wanting to be entertained by their creative offerings. <br /> <br /> This is a sad movie with a stupid ending. If the young restaurants were real and not a two-dimensional television feature, it would stay with the mother, who was not older than him, and quite attractive. But in the end it 'fell' for the daughter, a girl, rather refreshing girl who has this young recklessness, but in an ordinary way, surprised. (Opportunity to women in 'women' who worked with this girl has nothing to attract, physically.) There was no reason to believe in the audience as to why the preferred restaurants of the daughter (who were a Behind, selfish, self-centered b * cheek that treats her mother with incredible incarnation) of the mother - a woman who was darling, sweet-tempered, funny, and she had a daughter's life could even begin to understand. Of course the mother had her own faults ... she reacted to breaking her husband by drinking herself in a stupor for a year or two after supposing creating the rift between her and her smarmy daughter. Regardless of how the characters were or were not developed, this is a baloney movie and a waste of time you value unless you actually love baloney. (Where is the mustard?)
