I do not remember last time I reacted to a emotional performance as I did Justin Timberlake in "Edison." I got emotional I wanted to tear off, destroy the screen, readily accept the weeping of nihilism. Timberlake is horribly ill; In fact, his filing is like casting Andy Dick to play the lead role in "Patton," or Nathan Lane to play Jesus. But it's almost around the point. Timberlake is simply a bad actor and would be equally awful in any role. I used Ben Affleck's problem-solving skills and talent, but Timberlake made Affleck look like Sir Ian McKellen or Dame Judi Dench. With its metrosexual lisp (it lithp), its sense of justice and emotional expression that derive from something like "25 Cliché Expression for Actors," it poison the screen on which he is inflicted mercy, and no matter which as you slice it, I do not and will not buy its role as an amateur-turn-crusader-for-justice journalist. It simply will not fly. <br /> However, Timberlake alone is not to blame for his failure. Director David J. Burke puts him not only in the essence of the essence, but also puts it on the side of Morgan Freeman, Kevin Spacey, John Heard, Dylan McDermott, Cary Elwes and (I'm surprised it was) Cool Cool J .. can imagine one suffering almost physically watching some of this interact with Timberlake. <br /> There is a head this neck: the moment any of these actors communicate without Justin having it feels like a double relief. A fun, if you want. Freeman and Spacey may not have more than 10 minutes of screen time alone, but ten minutes is the welfare of the scenes and our so-called hero. Dylan McDermott is also a breath of fresh air. <br /> But enough of Timberlake bashing - words are not enough in this case in particular to do the trick. "Edison" is a very, very run-of-the-century corruption story. It's drawn to simply removing chains. I do, however, admire the motivation behind doing it, which I interpret as a movie tribute such as "Serpico," or "Donnie Brasco," or perhaps even "Chinatown." Not finding me wrong - "Edison" is not even at the same ballpark as this movie, but I can stretch my suspicion of disbelief to admire her reasons for existence, perhaps justifying my sitting down. /> The script, in and in itself, features some amazing writings. Yes, it has some decent trades, but any conversation between Piper Perabo (who wasted here) and Timberlake looks like he's got straight from a Dawson Creek episode. It is typical or far-too-gloomy-for-fact, the let's-impress-audience-and-how-well-we-articulate (and fail) dialogue. This dialogue, your mind, is punctuated by great music in the wrong moments - sometimes it feels like "Edison" wants morph to a music video, where emotions in the scene do not communicate in acting, but precisely in the music seriously chosen and speed variant film (it slow-motion). <br /> <br /> Think about it, "Edison" is a curiosity. It's sure hell has got a cast to kill but performances are dirty by Timberlake who simply does not work. In films like most art, if one thing is off, everything feels off. Principal must make difficult choices. David J. Burke missed the brand here. Some of the scenes play well in and in themselves, but as a whole, they do not seem to fit as puzzle pieces from different puzzles forced into one incoherent photo. And it's not particularly an interesting puzzle to begin with.
