Although, I had no idea of ​​what was expected of this film, that's sure hell was not what I would have in mind, there was nothing actually come to mind. Once I heard about her existence, all I knew was that I had a movie called Please do not feed the babies. Unfortunately, I was able to find only a copy under its alternate titles, Wrath Island. Looking back, I guess I could call it a lost-lost situation. On one hand, I still do not get to be known as the guy who owns a movie called Please Do not Feed Babies, and on the other hand, Wrath Island would finally reveal itself to be a terrible, freewheeling, boring, unwatchable pieces of waste. Yeah, definitely lose-lose. <br /> I'm not sure that the genre will go for here. Just early 80's, with a flashback that might actually be much longer than the non-flashlight. First, two young girls were chased by two bad guys, once caught, the bad guys brought in our attention that one of the girls had a coin on a string, around his neck, and somehow, These bad guys are aware of many more of these hidden coins on an island somewhere. And this is where things start to get strange, somehow these guys know about a girl trip they took in some islands, earlier years when they were only 10. I guess this is to say the girls should know exactly where this allegedly alleged is. So now, we are in the past, while the girls try to return the steps, so these bad guys do not kill them, although, I would not have thought if they were. In the flashback, 10-year-old counterparts are on a boat trip with the sisters and the sister boyfriends, eventually stopping by an island for a few hours, getting mixed up with some kid and his killer grandparents. Any potential suspension or reason for keeping on watching never appeared, but the flashback was unmistakable better than the present, which, however, does not say much. <br /> For a while I've forgotten about the original story, At one point, I was perhaps the director too, and when the flashback ended, that would be the end, that would have worked to me This deception would have been half an hour's shorter. This film free of a freeway movie finally ends, and real things happen, but it's stupid. I guess I did not exactly expect a film filled with babies being devoured, or something like that, but I was expecting some luxurious B-entertainment forms, especially just a confusion, stupid scenario, certain of its genre . My advice should look something refreshing like attacks in the animal creatures. If anyone, I would only recommend this one to serious B-film collectors that must have them all, anyone else who is interested may have brain damage. What really gets me is that I still have no idea why to call it. Please do not feed the babies. 3/10
