This is available on a "Double Features feature" from black film film, and since I just finished "Barracuda", I watch this too. This is a movie that proves to be incredibly ambitious and sturdy at the same time. <br /> We start with two young lady lost street in some foreign cities, but where exactly are they? To stop looking at necklaces from some Chinese merchants, and try on Chinese-style clothing in a store, but then do we see some Aztec dancers? And all while, these girls were followed by two guys, which eventually drop all the infiltration they did not have to chase the girls on a wild run even though the city, and they finally catch them. It seems that one of the girls has a coin on a string of his neck, and these guys want to get the loot, and where did he find it? So in flashback, we turned to. And how did they know he had this piece? You can say, really. <br /> Now, back in the day, when these two women were 10 years old, they came out with the sisters and their boyfriends sisters on a boat, and after getting stopped when the tanks were removed This boy returned to his home dock, only having his grandfather out & inviting our "young" to herbal teas and grandma. But not everyone has been there, Todd went back to the boat to check on the girls, and then when they're far out, the boat blows, and when they get back to the house Friends were puzzling disappeared. Well, it looks like if these "sweet folk" raise their own vegetables, but wait for the meat to drop not for a spell, and serve it herbal tea. <br /> But the girls and Todd left island, but now they are returning, accompanied by their captors, and they will have to find the treasure, despite the fact that no one ever has shown little the girls where it was before. There are also seem to be someone else on the island, and the thugs are mysteriously beginning to die, one by one, and since there are only three, it does not take time. And there is even a sort of happy end, which will let the viewer every bit as baffled as they were throughout the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Two thugs seem to cool speed and anger problems, and combine with no ability to act them hilarious bordlin. Mountainbilly-type family is also devoid of acting ability, despite the fact that the father is Hank Worden, who has appeared in many films and TV shows. The action is confusing, the sites are even more confusing, and the island looks like Southern California. <br /> So what's the hell of this? I'm not sure, but it's certainly worth one time so you can think (or say), huh? 4 out of 10, very rare.
