When a movie in a book looks unnatural and incomprehensible, the cause can be invariably found in the book: either it was pointless to begin with, or the point is one not easy to convey film, or movie to miss the point, which is most often in These results, and the easier it occurs, especially when the point is one not easily defined. The book "Morvern Callar" has a point; Every reader of the book must have felt this, and felt as though he had gotten it; but I suspect most of them could not indicate it in their words. I'm not sure I can, myself, but maybe it comes, or something like it: things come, things go, it's like life, but we carry on; or at any rate of some of us - people like Morvern - do. No doubt a more critical criticism could build a more appropriate definition. But the important fact is that there is a point - perhaps the sum of the whole story is the point - and that this should be the main thing to keep in mind, and bring about, to adapt the movie story. The marker of this movie is obviously missing the point, and does not replace one of its own; So the movie is about anything. <br /> <br /> This is not the usual complaint of a book-lover whose favorite text has been violated. The merit of the book is something I have conceded grudgingly: in reading I found it a blood nuisance, and an opportunity to kick off the author of the pants and get it to finish the job well. The narrative is supposed to work in Morvern's educated half, but this illusion is constantly dispersed by a dozen different kinds of literary effects, as if the author had poking in it with his feather; There are inconsistencies in style and tone, as if different sections were composed at different times; and any conclusions I could have come to Morvern remained tentative because it was uncertain that the author's intended involvement with which he did not: for example, despite his own self-characteristic Morvern as a raver, I'm wrong at the end Does it remain essential to a work-class Scots, and under its packaging to music downloads not so different from those of previous generations? In any case, despite my irritation of the author, I could not deny that her books stuck with me; and what I could not get out of myself was his character's attitude, his angle on the world, which was almost as vivid as a portrait of Goya. Morvern is the kind of person who's always encountered situations at once rather funny and rather terrible; occasionally he invited them but often staying on it, such as flies, so much of his life consists of a kind of gauche, but graceful slogging, unknowingly practically and unknowingly philosophical - and does not begin to describe it idiosynkratically enough. The complexity of Incident and Morren's response is the substance of the book, and its achievement, in exposing a cross of its existence to it would be difficult to grow again; For all my flu in the book, I can see this. The just described Morvern is not Morvern in the movie; or if it is, most of it is to keep screen. An actress who would be a good fit for the character, had the right age at the right time, is Angharad Rees, from the old TV series "Poldark". Samantha Morton, then would seem like good casting: she is rather the same sort of actress, and in one of her movies earlier, "The Son of Jesus", she played a girl with a few adjustments could back to this one. Unfortunately, as the movie turned out, it does not have characters in the book to play. For one thing, the book is one that, if it is to be dramatized, virtually cry out for monologues by the main character of the audience; Without her comment, her perspective, her voice, the story loses most of her essence. He lost more of it in which the adapter exploded it in its comic and terrible elements: the most memorable incidents of the book were healed before they turned grotty, and so Morvern's response (whether in entertainment or waste, depending on his mood) are missing too much, and the incidents have no reason to be in the story. In short, the cinema was chosen for some reason to turn an animated, serious serio-comic novel to a TV movie film, and was chosen as a typical image of Ms. Morton Langi in a boldly articulated melancholy; as if from Morvern signs for a tour at the Cross Stations. This is not all that the book, or Morvern in the book, was over. For the rest, the morphine of the film is not Scottish (the actress said in an interview he did not have time to study the accent), and it should: it's important for her, her family, and her companions all from one place. And finally, the film lacks the end of the story: Morvern costs all it has and comes home to dark ice: it's winter, the dam was frozen, the power came out, and the pub is dark. Less of this, and less of the rest, the remaining is a failed movie movie, a dead movie, on a subtle force precisely in his refusal, or native inability, ever given by the dead .
