After watching a dozen episodes, I decided to give up on this show since painting in an unrealistic way that is mathematical model. In the episodes that Charlie would predict the future behavior of people using mathematical models, I thought that my profession was joking. I'm not a mathematician, rather a chemical engineer, but I work very well with mathematical models. So I'm going to try to explain the layman why these shows is close to "make-believe" in fairy tales. <br /> <br /> First, choose the right model to predict a situation is a quest quest. Charlie Eppes is shown as a genius, but even he should spend considerable time searching for a suitable model, especially to try to guess what a person is doing or where he will be in the near future. People are irregular and harsh, there is no pattern for them. Isaac Asimov has even written about this in the 1950s. Even though there was a pattern for specific types of people, it would be a probabilistic one, meaning it has the good chance of making a wrong prediction. <br /> <br /> Second, assume the right pattern for someone or to find a situation, parameter patterns must be known. These parameters are constant in the equations, such as the gravitational acceleration (9.8 m / s2), and are often not easy to determine. Again, Charlie Eppes should have someone beyond the genius knowing the right parameters for the pattern he chooses. After completing the template and the chosen parameters, they should be tested. Strangely, not, and not miraculous, they fit exactly the predicted situation. Third, a very important aspect of model is almost always overlooked, not just by Resances, but also by Sci-fi movies: The informal effort is needed to solve these models. Try to make Excel solve a complex model with many equations and variables and one will get done a scrub job. Though Charlie Eppes has the right software to resolve her model, she might stick to the hardware that will dreadfully slow down. And even with the software / computer software combination, the model solution might well take the day to arrive. He solves them immediately! I could use his computer in my search job, I would be very happy. <br /> As a drama, it's far from the best show. Characters are somewhat stereotyped, but not even remotely funny as those of Big Bang Theory. Crimes are dull and how Charlie Eppes resolves to sometimes make the look of FBI very incompetent. <br /> <br /> For some laymen, the show might work. For others, the way things are busy making it difficult to swallow!
