Show this is a perfect example of how the CBC should stick to either news, sports, or comedy sketching satirical. As a developer of comedy situation, CBC has shown that he can combine the pizazz to "King of Kensington" and laugh at the sale of the "Beachcombers". It's a troubles at great shows like "Kids in the Hall" and "Second City" that they have to share the comedy roots and the production of this blame. <br /> I have admitted, that I did not give this much show of a chance right out when I first heard about its concept. To begin with, half of the concept is a direct attempt to rip off one of the few sitcom successes in English-Canadian history, "Gas Corner". The rest of the concept - the cultural conflict - is far from being original and is too often used as a crutch for scratch writing screens. The selection of Muslim religions as the basis for "fish from water" characters seems to be a desperate attempt to be "edgy" and "topical", but coming in as forced. Some of the jokes based on the local reaction of the newcomers are cringe induced and well insulted to the intelligence of all those involved, especially the audience. <br /> <br /> This show is a perfect example of how CBC just did not get it "when it comes to creating Canadian content, especially when introducing Canada as a multicultural environment. Cultural diversity in Canada does not have to be presented in a heavily hand-held manner. It would be a refreshing change to see CBC introduce diversity to a TV show without showing the entire on diversity. I doubt CBC has enough talent sitcom pulling on something so subtle. They can make a comparison of the diversity of ways to show off the gas corner - i.e. The Aboriginal characters are not sanctified by ethnicity or are legitimate to use generous story lines. More real, life and other characters live surrounded in a way that ethnicity has no meaningful than any of the other personal characteristics .. That's said, as a fish-out-of-water comedy show formula this fails. The weak act, the funny rhythm throughout the map, and the local stories that I saw were too far after the suspension of belief, even for a comedy. God's only saved salvation is Derek McGrath's talent, who is horribly wasted here. I doubt that even the addition of guest stars (Colin Mochrie, for example, as an Anglican archbishop) can save this dog. I decided to show a chance once the CBC 'hype' was killed; but the two episodes all I could stand - I could almost feel my braincells locked up with every failed punchline. The time-place would be best served by more Coronation Street bends, Air Farce re-run, or Dr Who. Even a infomercial would be an improvement.
