You would think that with Ingrid Bergman and Warner Baxter that this film would have been a lot better. Unfortunately, the film suffers from hard to believe character as well as a major problem that makes some of the characters look like brain-engaging. The film begins with Ingrid Bergman coming to work for the Stoddard family. All so very peachy and swollen - the family adores Bergman and things might not be more perfect. Well, this is until the mother (Faay Wray) dies, the stock market crash in 1907 (wiping out family fortunes) and Bergman is forced to go back home to France. This part of the film is a bit sticky sweet, but not bad. <br /> <br /> And after family fortunes have been improved, Bergman returns. Children's cards are now all grown up and there is really a reason to reason why they would hire him once more as a governor. But shortly, everything gets swollen once more. But when WWI arrives, the whole card goes to war - gosh! In the middle of this, one of the sons (David) brought home his new wife (Susan Hayward). Miss Hayward's charity is like black and white as the others, though while they are all good and swollen, it is obviously a horny li-devil. To make things worse, she came to live in the family home while David was at war. <br /> Now here is where the movie gets really, really dumb - brain-achingly mute. Hayward begins an affair with one of David's brothers but when the father sees a silhouette of the lovers, Bergman enters the room from another entrance and pretends to read it, by Hayward and Jack! WHY ?! Why are all those who do not do this to save the butt of a obviously evil woman and combinations? This was exactly the sort of excuse Bergman needed to get rid of the bomb-crit once for all! This is just a case of wrinkles writing and making me angry ... and most likely do the same at the hearings back in 1941. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie consists of failed opportunities after Hayward's failed opportunity to be exposed. This just flies against common sense and makes the movie a funny melodramatic mess. As expected, however, the truth eventually comes out and everyone gets swollen once more --- happy to be one great beloved little family, Hayward. The film suffers because of writing the poor. Hayward's affairs did not make any sense - at least as he was busy. And, having the characters that are so gosh-darn good or evil (with nothing in between) this sink of the movie at the level of a second-rate soap. The only thing that saved it at all is to act --- tried the best they could with a turgid script. Try to say that Columbia Photo writer who made this movie should be slapped with a dead chicken!
