We all know that some of the greatest movies ever were based on books. While not particularly accurate adaptations, these cinemas were excellent film. Some great examples are the Harry Potter series, Lord of the ring trilogy, and, to a lesser extent, almost every Disney movie ever made. However, I must regret to announce that a rush in time is not one of those movies. Not only does she neglect to meet some of Madeleine L'Engle's fondness base, she manages to challenge the standards of scriptwriting, acting, special effects and, ultimately, respect for the audience. Mind you, I do not try to be mean; On the contrary, I went to this affair with an open mind. I figured that a did-for-T.V. Movie would make up for its lack of razzle-dazzle eyes in its script. After all, the Star Wars turn-off Ewoks was decent, if a little funny. Come to think of it, the original Star Wars made about "a lunch money budget," and watch where he took George Lucas! However, from the first stage scene, deception began to enveloping me as if I would have gone too close to the Black Tisches while Tessering. Similar to Greedo's first shot was the symbol of the Star Wars special edition in 1997 (a disaster of proportion monuments involving a deceiving director making several horrible changes to a beloved classic), Mrs. Whatsit has officially become My personal symbols for the confusion and stupidity that are a rid of time. The reason for this is the fact that it was mutations beyond belief. Aside from the controversial decision of Alfre Woodard (Star Trek: First Contact and Radio) as our favorite star-turn-advisor, the filmmakers decided it was appropriate to present it as a Crow. That's right, a crow. In addition, the heart of the celestial sky of this very dear character was hacked by what seems to be a tired eight year old; The majestic half-man, half-horse and wing became a great human head and a creepy climbing riding on the bowledged body of a horse that happens to be sporting a pair of wings in the middle. There were five I, this would have psychologically traumatized me for life. The worst part is the fact that when he spoke, he showed up in such a way as to avoid liability in fifty lips, causing a scene that was spent looking at the back of his head and seeing one, shake puu, so make pieces of special effects less credible than ET <br /> <br /> Having the most painful part of the road, I must go to the tear-induced one: the characters, acting, and the story. I, personally, have always imagined Meg to look a bit similar to Moaning Myrtle from the Harry Potter films: plain hair, glasses, and a face that most supermodels would get mockable. He was always a little worried, humorously pessimistic mathematical engineering that simply could not have been less cared for imports and exports in Nicaragua. In the movie, it is an unpleasant knowing-it-all for whom I have no sympathy too. In fact, it makes me feel sorry for the poor Mr. Jenkins, his principal, continuing to deal with it. Calvin, the kind of smart kid that everyone thinks is a jock became a jock! Ironie is terrible. As for the Happy Memorable medium, they took the beautiful old woman who liked to look happy and replace her with a being "above sex" and loved to look at things " funny ", as girls fall off in swing. Only three men I can think of doing a decent job are Charles Wallace, Mrs. Whatsit and the man and red eyes (nicknamed "The Dude and Red Eyes" due to reinventing her as a character). <br /> <The story is a mess. A good comparison of this aspect of the film is Harry Potter and the prisoner of Azkaban, which did not do a good job of telling the story found in the book, yet retaining the sole of the original work. Here, the salt of the book has a pleasant chat and huddle down to the dead, apparently unaware that his body is destroyed. As the Dark Lord completes the sole of how well it has shown that the truth must be felt and not seen, the flat-renowned wookies of Ixchel (which replace the wonderful beings that hold Aunt Beast among the ranks) worn columns The spine is up. As God in the Dead notes how subtle the fear of Earth-like the Camazotz, the torn pages are scattered in the sand and lost in the darkness of the country of evil. I'm sorry that this movie exists. I do not believe that the actors were really bad. The way the characters write that breaks it. A rush of deserved time must be adapted by Lawrence Kasdan, directed by George Lucas or Steven Spielberg, reinforced in industrial and magical light, scored by John Williams, providing its sounds at Skywalker Sound, edited by THX and marketed by Twentieth Century Fox. In its current state, the film is worthy to show self-respect. Even Madeleine L'Engle thought she was bad. The book was good, the movie was Bad, and Mrs. Whatsit was ugly. <br /> Score: 0.1 / 10 (If I Could) <br /> <br /> Why <They got the right names. <br /> <br /> It has terrible problems and cliffs Note levels of adaptation, script, acting and special effects, not to mention lack of evidence at all times reading the book. Oh, and the main cover / poster has a picture of the three main characters to ride a horse flying on a castle. Some may say that this symbolizes high adventure. I say it symbolizes the irresponsibility of the artist who did not even bother the Photoshop Meg's arm on well.
