I only recently found that Madeleine L'Engle's novel was turned into a TV movie by Disney and ordered the DVD. The book was a favorite to me when I was a kid and read it several times. Although some of the actors kids do not resemble the characters as described in the novel, the Murry family threw it, and a likable (if too cute) Meg in the center with a Charles Wallace who is convinced as a childhood Prodigy without becoming irritating. <br /> <br /> The first half hour is pledged enough, doing a great job in establishing the relationship between the lead characters and the set of scenes. Unfortunately as soon as the characters by human appearing the adaptation begins to unravel and once the children leave the earth everything is falling apart. Alfre Woodward is too juvenile looking and much too rude as the Mrs Whatsit's unique (thinking of Miriam Margolis or Joan Plowright instead) and Kate Nelligan face so masked and inexpressive, she must have visited Faye Dunaway's plastic surgeon in recent years . For some reason, to make his wife look like Glinda from the Wizard of Oz when he should have looked like a Wicked Witch in the West. At the end that allows this down worst are the special terrible effects and art direction. I understand that this is a television movie, but the CGI looks like something that could do 15 years earlier. Mr Whatsits' incarnation of Centaur is a disaster as the Chewbacca is such a costume for Mat creature, which in the novel is a velvet, creole elements instead of the Big Envelope footwork like the things shown here. I could go on, almost every artistic choice is a disaster, presumably because there was not a big budget enough to do that justice, but also because the design work lacked imagination and good judgment. This really would need meaningful sense of Spielberg brought in his early film. What a shame that with the current popularity of adapting childhood literature to children nobody has thought of adapting a rip off time and it's the end of the big screen, giving it the scope he deserves.
