While the quote behind the house where evil remains intriguing, the execution is outright pathetic. I do not even know where to start as I had a lot of problems with this movie. I suppose I'll just number some of them: <br /> <br /> 1. Acting in ?? When you see that Edward Albert, Doug McClure, and Susan George (and his teeth) are stars in your movie, do you know that you are in trouble? Not that it's very important for me, but these are hardly A-list names. Susan George may have been in a couple of movies I love, but I've never considered it the greatest actress I've ever seen. And in this film, it acts is embarrassing. As for the other two, the less said the best. <br /> 2. The Zombies ?? The ghosts or spirits or whatever you want to call them remind me quite a bit of the ghosts of the mansion's haunted Disney World ride. And they are as scary. And why should this be so obvious? Subtlety is not a feature of the house where evil remains. <br /> The plot ?? How Predictable Can A Movie Become? The result of this movie is painfully evident once you meet the three main characters. If you could not see where this film was headed after about 15 minutes, you need to see more movies. The priest is cautious ?? What are the chances that the haunting house you buy just happens to be on the street from a group of Japanese monks? Not to mention one of them knowing the story of your home and coming over, knocking on the door, and asking if you need to help remove the spirits. Absurd is a word that comes to mind. <br /> 5. Everything else ?? It is very difficult for me to think of any positives written about. I suppose I'll give it a point for the opening stage and a point for home architecture. This is a sign that is sure a winner ?? Noticed the architecture as a highlight of any movie does not say much about the current film. <br /> I'll stop. You should be able to get the idea out of what I have already mentioned. And I do not even mention the girl or the invasion of the crabs or a crowd of other issues. Be warned, this is terrible.
