The film opens with a peaceful shot of a traditional Japanese home filled with chum roof located on the side of a small hill with a caption screen appearing it 'KUSHIATA KYOTO, Japan 1840'. A young Japanese trainee samurai named Masanori (Toshiya Maruyama) walks up the liquid way into the house, inside King Otami (Mako Hattori) with whom he has an affair behind her husband, the Shugoro (Tsuiyuki Sasaki as Toshiyuki Sasaki) back that happens to Masanori's teacher. Shugoro unexpectedly came home to find his wife and students with very intimate relationships with each other. Her honors destroy the bad brutally murdered samurai both Otami and Masanori before committing suicide. More than a century later, Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) came to Japan on a working holiday with his wife Laura (Susan George) and the Amy girls (Amy Barrett). Closed friends Alex Curtis (Doug McClure) who works for the American Consulate to help them out to find them where they live, you do not need me where you are! She is jokingly saying she will be so cheap because she haunted, both Ted and Laura laugh in as they obviously do not believe in ghosts, at least for the time being. Almost immediately the movie goes into stereotype mode. Light turns on and over by themselves, Laura has a comfortable feeling on the spot with a local Monk Zen (Henry Mitowa) giving them a threatening warning to leave before it's too late to ignore, of course. The Otomi spirit, Masanori and Shugoro ended up for eternity to stay in the walls of the home because of a cursory curse (Tsuyako Olajima). But there may be a way to break the curse, unfortunately for the Fletcher family he could potentially listen to their wedding, daughter and possibly even many lives. <br /> <br /> Led by Kevin Connor I thought this was a nice movie average, OK to look once if you had nothing better to do but after a day or two you'll probably have completely forget it. Nothing sticks into the memory as being particularly bad, but on the other hand there's nothing particularly good about the movie either. The script by Robert Suhosky from the novel by James Hardiman is slightly on the dull side and strictly by-number, a lot of ghosts go on reaching the entire movie, but none of it's very exciting or exciting with characters They flat and direction do not help things. There are couple of funny sequences like the giant plastic crabs that try to find Amy and her babysitter, Noriko (Mayumi Umeda). And there is a scene where the Monk's Zen Eclipse home and the ghosts being removed out can return to, however that is until Ted simply opens the door and just walks right back into, some exorcism! One more thing, I think it was a bad idea to be Doug McClure who was 47 when he did this, trying his hand at fighting kung-fu and oriental fighting! George gets enough milk from a couple of times that has a very sex scene scene with McClure, although great pain and a couple of bed sheets that stick like super glue are taken to ensure that there is no bottom to tide the stripping was present. Apart from a couple of decapitation mostly on the screen there's no blood, gore or violence to talk about. 'Transparent' effect of the ghosts OK, but they will not impress many people these days. It's professional enough to do and looks quite nice, but the potential of Japanese settings and myths is wasting as this movie could have been put in America, England or any Western countries without having to change something. A waste time OK.
