I do not think anyone sitting down to see this movie should wait anything remotely to appear as a classic ghost story but you must ask yourself when it's over if you've ever been scared. This does not really work on this level, but the cast attempts hard with the movie by ditching on one of these happy endings. History is about an American couple traveling to Kyoto, Japan for Ted Fletcher (Edward Albert) to write a book and bring together his wife Laura (Susan George) and their daughter Amy (Amy Barrett). Alex Curtis's friends (Doug McClure) who work at the American Consulate help them find a home to live in and find one that is haunting. About 140 years earlier at the same house a Samurai finds his wife cheating on him and kills both of them and then commits suicide. The ghosts still live in the house and when Fletcher arrives it does not take long before things are strange start to pass. <br /> <br /> ***** SPECHER ALERT ***** <br /> <br /> <br /> At times ghosts live the bodies of Fletcher and start acting like the Japanese people being Before and Laura begins flirting with Alex leading to an affair. Meanwhile, Ted starts to behave more strictly and afterwards pouring the throat down to Amy he asks for a Monk for help. Unfortunately the ghosts found Ted, Laura, and Alex to play out their death scenes as it happened 140 years earlier. This movie was directed by Kevin Connor who is known as a good TV director but he made horrors and science fiction films before and worked with McClure on some of them. While this never comes close to being frightened or developing its atmosphere there are two things in it that I liked. First, he does not have one of these sappy endings where the couple embraced after beating the demons. Instead, it ends in a very bloody battle where everyone sukombs the evil of the ghosts. Secondly, she has Susan George at the cast! I was always a fan of herself even though she appeared in mostly schlock but her performance was still in the head. Also it usually appears naked that it does here in two separate scenes and while it does not have classical features it has a unique tomboy like looking at it and it's one of the reasons why it was so popular. But after appearing in comic film like this I think it brought him getting out of the business or working only occasionally. This is not a bad movie but it never persuades and watching the Scurry ghosts around when the Monk gives an exorcism is practically worthy of a gig or two. The bottom line is that this is funny and I hope George decides to resume his career.
