Director Kevin Connor and wannabe action-hero / romantic lead Doug McClure, re-teamed in this ghost story in Japan. They were moderately successful in the 1970s, and the likes of 'The Forgotten Time' Land (1975), 'At the Earth's Base' (1976) etc. without plastic monsters to bring the narrative together though, the shabby results derived from the most fortunate ways. The movie begins with a prologue set in the 19th century, with a samurai husband killing his wife and his girlfriend before committing suicide. A forward move to the present introduces couples to Ted & Laura, visiting Japan and moving to the house where the tragedy took place. <br /> No surprises like what is happening next, and the dead spirits begin to take on the new settlers and family friends Alex (McClure) accept the role of the wife lover. Everything rumbles cleverly with the elegance and grace of a chartered elephant, in an inevitable (but amazing downbeat) conclusion. The main points of interest are the two deficiencies of weakness (the 'Ommen' have a lot of responses in promoting this as a standard set-piece horror), and their favorite performing scenes featuring the doe-eyed, . The first is a time 'not look at now' inspired pieces with her snowmen, complete with piano music; The second is a shorter (probably in its insistence) scratching with McClure, both looking pretty confused. Anyway, each cloud has a silver lining and both shows the show of fantastic knockers so everyone does not lose. <br /> <br /> Overall I can not decide if the 'dwelling place of evil stay' is waste, wasteful garbage, or fun in a kind of masochistic way. If not in the genre is nothing here at all, but for horror fans there is probably enough to provoke odd rye smiles and appreciate shaking in respect for effort. <br /> <br /> Best Scene - in any other great movie, black, tree-climbing, Japanese-muttering mechanical crabs would steal the show. Certainly though not by family saga family scenes, where a ghostly head appears in the soup of their daughter. When they see this onset, he asks what kind of soup it is (!!!!), to be said beef and vegetables, before pronouncing the immortal line "Ugh - have a terrible face in my soup". If that was not enough the answer is "C'mon, feed your soup for Daddy." Laurel & Hardy remains in pieces.
