At the beginning of the movie, you could double-check the DVD cover and re-read the Summary a couple of times, but there is no worry. It's not "memory of a geisha" that you buy; just a movie with an intro that is more stylish and stylish than it has any right to be. Still, the opening is by far the best thing about the movie all, as it shows how in the 1840s a master Samurai sword captures his wife committing adultery. It decapitates the two lovers before performing some hara-kiri (disembowelment ceremony). Cutting down days, when the American Ambassador to Japan received a befriended family and driven them up the same place where the aforementioned kill took almost one and a half centuries ago. From then onwards, this has become a routine ride routine routine yet the script completely retarded and implausible always makes it a bit exceptional. Let's start with the good aspects, namely the original Japanese origin and the presence of Susan George's delicious ever-loved British horror (well, along with Britt Eckland, Linda Hayden and Ingrid Pitt). These bad aspects simply include that the scenario is incoherent, imbecilic beyond repairs and allegedly disturbing twist that only evokes laughing. Restless spirits in the home soon begin to entertain themselves by perpetrating the bodies of the new tenants and causing them to do and tell all sorts of crazy things. The spirit of massacre women in adultery particularly enjoyed squeezing in Susan's loot and transformed him into a lewd seductive! In this state "owned", he even attracted the American ambassador out for sex in the field of a party party high parties full of important guests. So, banish talking, it's not really "wrong" who lives in the house; just a trio of ghosts ghosts and dirty minds and over too much time over their long dead! Of course these scenes are more funny than scary, especially since the light-blue and transparent forms remind you of the beautiful cracks that have later been popularized in "Ghostbusters". "The House where evil remains" is probably the youngest ghost movie ever. During most of the running time, you will be wondering whether director Kevin Connor (who did the excellent horror films "Motel Hell" and "From Beyond the Grave") intentionally wanted to make his movie comical and awesome -The window, like "Hell Motel" maybe. But then again, everyone in the cast continues to talk / line him with a straightforward and sincere figure, so I guess we are still supposed to take everything seriously and feel disturbed. The "Where The Evil Dwells" House is never suspended or even remotely interesting and does not even have any images grisly apart from the massacre at the start. I am fully aware of how deep it sounds, but the two scenes in which Susan George goes topless are the only true true. Well, these and maybe also the invasion of cheese and ridiculous over-size spiders (or are crabs?) In the daughter's bedroom. How totally random and irrelevant was that? If you ever decided to give this movie a chance despite its bad reputation, make sure you leave your common sense and reasoning at the front door. <br /> <br /> Trivia notes for horror horrors: Keep an eye open for demon-mask that was also a pivot piece of scenery in the brilliant Japanese horror Onibaba.
