All that the producers of this appalling adaptation tried to make is impossible fathom. A group of top quality actors, at the disposal of primary assets (and a couple of remarkable exceptions), who give very good performance. Penelope Keith is perfect as Louise Louise and equally good is Joanna Lumley as Diana. All done well and the scripts were given. <br /> So much for the good. The average would include the sets. Nankerrow is nothing like the home described in the book, although the bizarre home used for the home dower looks remarkably like it. It is clear then the dower house is far too big. In part later, the writers decided to bring the whole story back to the UK, presumably to save money, although with a little imagination I have no doubt they can recreate Ceylon. . Simply. This is such a bad hassle adaptation difficult to find the word sentenced. Edward does not die in the Battle of Britain but continues to live, clogged. He makes a brief appearance then commits suicide - why? Loveday has switched from the virgin totally in love with Gus to a tender farmer's wife who can give up love to her life and barely a water (less emotional than Brief Encounter). Gus, a man-made and passionate man in love, is preparing to give up his love without complaint. Walter (Mudge in the book) turns out to be a loyal husband to a family devoted. Jess is made in a psychologically disturbed young woman who will not talk. Aunt Biddy always has a drink problem, but now without any justification. The Dower House is occupied by the army for no apparent reason other than a very short scene with Jess who has a pair of armed soldiers. Miss Mortimer breasts are delightful, and I could not see how the exhibits on several occasions moved the plot forward. The delightful nettbed is called Dobson's Munden. The word limit prevents me from continuing the list. <br /> There is an end (which I lose all interest in watching after this nonsense) and I wonder if the changes were made to create the tracking history. It is difficult for the image that Rosamunde Pilcher would approve of his grotesque pervertion; Presumably he lost control over when the rights were purchased.
