I saw the Bait Git movie, and this is almost exactly the same as those. A woman is sexually attacked by a group of people who degenerate and systematically justify his greedy revenge on each of them. The thing that sets this movie apart from these (although not very far away) is that the sexual content does not praise. There are full nudity many times throughout the film, but not for a second is it ever sexy. Some of the rape scenes might seem a little extensive, but that's just because the film tries to boost the audience's need to see this woman looking for revenge. <br /> <br /> This is a weak film, it has no other way to keep interest other than manipulate our natural desires to see this woman take revenge on his attacker. I spit on your tone is not the kind of movie that you expect to deliver a serious moral, but I was pleased to see that, since she has a significant amount of violence inflicted on the female lead, she did not mean to spend a T & A film. <br /> The B-cinemas are reputed for being driven by stripping and out of teenage sexuality control, and while I Spit On You Grave is unmistakably a b-movie and has more than its part in stripping, nudity Do not drive the plot. On the other hand, the only thing that drives the draw is a blank need for revenge against a group of violators. These are evolutionary drop-outs just like being in Git Bait's films, and the biggest challenge for the writers seems to have come up with new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason the film can never be anything More than a sense of B-film is because it does not deliver a message of any kind, but instead it simply meets the audience's desire to see a bunch of people getting exactly what they deserve. <br /> <br /> The problem of one this leaf is that we have to sit in the sexual assaults. Strangely, the first half of the movie is the party that has the most nudity (although not much), but it is by far the most painful to look. We even let down a little as we looked at the woman to get revenge since a couple of deaths were so elaborate that they were obviously impossible (it seems as likely as the guy in the lake at the end felt like a desire Overwhelming embraced the engine on the boat and his genito press against the propeller, staying in this way while the woman crying some final words in her and pulling the rope), but yet, this movie meets only the desire for the revenge of the first half to fill us with. <br /> <br /> (Sporty) You know that this is all the movie means to do, since it literally finished the minute the guy is killed. The woman does not live happily ever after, she does not write her books, she does not leave and never returns to this nightmare, she just gets into the boat and engines in the lake during the movie simply stops in her tracks . But hey, what more did you expect? <br /> <br /> Oh, and did you read the slogan? If you decide to waste your time watching this, try and find anyone who is breaking or burning. I was really looking forward to people ??
