My dear Dear dear ... me! I had the strength to see it in ... But why? First of the movies where fun and actually a bit good. But this is so bad we had problems to see everything there. This was some kind of tremor for the kids. I can not believe that this film was born at all .. such as the accessory that was taken in some bad western series of some kind (for kids) and they just did whatever they could with it. audience is this movie? I can only think of children 12-14 years old. If you have more than 14 you will have serious problems with this movie. It does not only slow down, but it's so boring. Characters are overacted (not just a little silk) and so stereotype it's fun for a while .. but not long enough not to make you want to throw tomatoes in the screen. You know everything that happens too, to cause yes ... you've seen it once before billions of any series of heroes on TV for kids. I chose all the survivors and all the quakes of the second quake the characters were presented. It's so bad..so bad..so ... crap. <br /> But OK, we did get a laugh now and then. Not only in the funny plot caverns, but some scenes where worth a replay or two ... or one scene that is, where two baby tremors throw themselves into one of the obvious smokers baby players. It's really a great scene that made us replay it over and over and laughing happy. Always make me grin when I think about it. But that happened only once more miserably .. and that's when the gun "badass" shows up and overacts his beautiful part ... this with a comment "They are springing from the ground like some demon tron ! " At this point we are almost crying loudly. But after that .. nothing could ever be that .. (?) .. So it's pretty much down from there. <br /> <br /> So, head here is demonic and overacting troops. If anyone ever tells you this is a good movie ... it is either a "plant", vegetable or someone very evil. This movie has become the worst of the tremendous failures. Look forward to seeing the Tomb 3, it's bound to be box office hit compared to that ... so ... * goosebumps * no .. I'll let it in that.
