OK, I know that many people will probably hate this review as Watership Down is a "classic" and a standard part of most kids of the children, but seeing this movie for the first time at the tender age of 18, I must admitted: I really hate it. We watched this movie because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it, and many people whimpered in the very words "Watership Down" - the memories of seeing the movie as The children and the emotions are torn at the seams-recommend it. To be honest, I wish I was not bothered. I gave him the benefit of the doubt; I generally do not like to stop watching a movie half way. It was an exception. It was really, really, excruciatingly, slowly dull. This movie was probably the sweetest thing I ever looked (imagined a calm doped-up space), and really did not "do it" for me. The art was well; The origins were nicely made if it was not a little too much, but the rabbits themselves were not very excited and the animation was quite jumper and wrong product. <br /> I will not go into great detail on the scenario; Basically it is the story of a rabbit group that leaves the wars due to infiltration of people in the area. Usually a moral story about the dangers of human interaction on the environment, it uses the anthropomorphic rabbit to put the message across. For me, I kind of wanted that they would get gas, not because I'm a terrible person sadistic, but because the characters were uninspiring, annoying, dull and generally quite rude (oh I'm so terribly English). I found that I was still looking at the clock also watching the movie, and it took a whole 20 minutes or so before anything actually happened, and even that was a terrible anticlimax. <br /> If I was praised in any way, I should admit that the concept of children's dangers in building on the country and hopefully the inauguration of the arrogance of etc. etc. is quite well-meaning. Perhaps it is all in general testimony and preaching, but the message it tries to put out is good in its nature. The note was not bad, too. So, conclusion, this film is very poor. I could not watch it all the way, or I would probably be forced to eat my own leg of sheer boredom. Granted, it's not "Torque" bad, but it still does not fail in my eyes, so I gave it a 2/10. <br /> <br /> Hope this helps.
