1930 saw a vogue for documentary film on remote corners of the world, with an emphasis on wild animals, exotic arena and primitive and unusual culture. Despite the logistics of transporting a movie crew to a distant and dangerous place, and then bringing 'em back alive (and footage of film), such films were often cheaper to make than conventional Hollywood features. because there was no expensive (musical and financially) team of Martin E. Johnson and Osa's wife, who made several documentary (sometimes costumes, or movie stars). and blatant stage events) in Africa and Asia. The Johnsons safari films have been very popular, inspiring several parody ... most notably Wheeler & Woolsey in "So this is Africa", in which the very sexy Esther Muir plays a character named Ms. Johnson-Martini (instead to Martin E. Johnson, geddit?). Although many other movies produced safari documentation at this time, Johnsons' films were the most popular in this genre because they counted heavy humor. Seeing from our own again strengthened (I hope) viewpoint, this is a serious flaw in the Johnsons documentary: there are too many scenes that little brown or yellow people have made to watch the complete idioms that are easily outsmarted not smart to white Johnson Johnson and his wife. <br /> A definite advantage in these movies is the presence of Osa Johnson. Ten years younger than her husband, she managed to look younger enough for her daughter. While certainly not as attractive as the beautiful blonde Esther, Osa Johnson was a pertinent brunette who gave the performance ingredient in front of the camera to all the films she co-produced with her husband. <br /> <br /> 'Congorilla' is probably the best of Johnsons' films. Vaccines in the Congo are interesting and have some historical value as evidence of what this environment was like in 1930. The vaccines of the Pygmies and other natives are also interesting, although these suffer from the trendy Johnsons at stage events in a way that makes the natives look 'wild' and aliens. The best (and funniest) scene of 'Congorilla' is an impromptu sequence in which Osa Johnson tries to teach a jazz dance of some Pygmy women. (Dance is below Black, no less ... The same dance that Bob Hope famously teaches Daisy and Violet Hilton, their twin are conjoined.) Include jodhpurs, riding boots, and a helmet helmet, Osa Johnson starts grill-song while He is doing great steps and knees in his attempt to teach dance to this African woman. Meanwhile, they just stand there in it, apparently wondering what this crazy white woman is trying to accomplish. It's a very funny scene, but it has plenty of unpleasant. Osa Johnson is doing a dance that was invented by American blacks: The implication seems to be that African blacks should be instructed to do this dance after a brief demonstration (using natural rhythms, I guess) because of their blood , or something. I will rate '4 points' congorilla from 10. This film says a little bit about African life in the 1930s and rather more on American cultural perceptions in that same decade.
