Oh Dear Lord, how on earth was any part of this movie ever approved by anyone? It rakes from cheese from start to finish, but it's not the same cheese. It's scummiest, moldiest, the most delicious cheese, there, and I can not believe there is anyone outside that actually, really enjoyed it. Yes, if you've seen it with a load of buddies / buddies ami then some bits can be funny in a kind of sad way, but for the rest of the audience only the fun parties when told the group of friends They send popcorn and abusive insults to each other and the screen. I watched him with a ride-for-a-some-laugh guy, having a few beers in chuckle preparation far in the expectation of the film. We got the hardware (lots of it), but not the chuckles. He does not even qualify as a movie so bad-it's good. It's just plain bad. Very, very bad. Here why (look away if you are spoilerphobic): the movie starts out with a guy to beat another guy to death. OK, I was a few minutes late in so no wonder why this was, but I think I was picking up 'this guy is a bit of a badass that you do not want to mess with' message behind the inventive mind scene. Oh, and a guy witnesses. So we already have our ultra-evil guy, and wussy, but nice (apparently) good guy. Hero Cue. Big Sam stage on the stage of the usual mode, saving good guy in the usual way inhale that film only bad movie can accomplish, i.e hero is immune to bullets, everyone else falls on rather sloppy. First cue draws holes. How hell without Sammy knows where this guy was, or that he would look at the murder. Perhaps that, with the answers to all my draw-related questions, explained in the 2 minutes before I entered the movie, but I doubt it. In fact, I will stop pegs from the plot here, so I turn the movie into something resembling Swiss cheese (which we all know is good cheese). So, the 'plot' (a very generous word to use). Good guy must go to LA, evil guy would rather not, hero Sam stands between the two. Cue scenery for the next vomiting-induced help - the passenger aircraft. As I said, no more poking in tracing holes, I'll just leave it there. Passenger airline. And the vital ingredient up to now missing in this gem in a movie, and what makes it all it is - Snake. Yay! Oh, pause. First we have the introduction of all the characters required by a lame film to have. Hot, horny couple (see if you can guess how to die), die-before-any-snake-even-appear British guy (these Brits Room, eh?), Cute kids, and Jo Brand. For all this you are American, it's a funny English popular for its size and unattractiveness. Now that we have met the cast, let's look at all of them dead (except of the beautiful kids). Do not expect anything original, it's just snake bite on various and ever-increasingly hilarious (really not) parts of the body. Use your imagination, since the movie makers obviously did not use theirs. So that's most of the movie wrapped up, so now for the best bit, the finish. As expected, everything is just so happy as the land plane that everyone in sight begins to suck face. Yes, ice-cool Sammy included. But wait, not all of the plane again! The guy who has recently been found to be good guy, but as he does it gets bitten by a (or guessed) snake (in all of this). Clearly this one was hiding in Mr. Jackson's hair all the time, since he somehow managed to withstand the pressure air pressure that the good old hero worked a few minutes earlier, despite constrictor to 200ft (one who ate British salary) being able. So Sam launched him and the snake in one fell swoop. At this point I was praying that the film was about to make a lot-needed U-turn and reveal that all along the hero was actually a betrayer of some sort. But no. In a kind of icing on the way to cakes (but with stale cheese, recall), she revealed that the climax of the film was involving a bullet proof. How can someone think that a hearing 10 years ago, let alone in 2006 would be impressed by their intelligence is beyond me, but he did well in summing up the movie. <br /> <br /> Actually, we're not doing well again. After all, sucking face (Uncle Sam and leading actress, good guy and Tiffany, black sign of white guy and white girl, and the warm couple at a heart booster in necrophilia), it's time for good guys and heroes to get it on . ... In Bali !!! Nope, it was not at all exciting, the exclamation marks just have to represent my utter joy in seeing the roll of credit. Yes, the final shot of the movie is a navigation celebration journey transmitting the message that has a bit of male bonds that have occurred, and a chance for any moron that actually enjoyed the movie toop a few times. That's it. This is the first time I've ever posted a movie review, but I felt so strongly that someone had to speak against this beat in cinematography. If you like airplanes, snakes, Samuel L. Jackson, air hostesses, bad guys, surfing, dog bags or people, then please do not miss this movie. It will pollute your opinion at all of the above so far that you never want to be in touch with any of them ever again. Go to United 93 instead. That was good.
