"Asking Victor Vargas" is one of those light, family movies that you can watch and make the puzzle of the Times Times intersected at the same time. But if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a Corona, you do not need to "Pause" the DVD. Just let it roll, 'cause you will not miss anything really important. No twists, turns, or tension. It's not really an ethnic film, it's a movie about a poor, family immigrant struggle that's going to be Latino. They could be any ethnic group. He did very little difference. I've seen it once a million times before. Just plug in a Jewish family, an Italian family, a Black family, or an Irish family. Just their accents and names were different. If the Vargas family was called Bush or Clinton and was Presbyterians, the movie would be a total repetition. <br /> <br /> It's funny that the critics here could not get the site straight. Some said it was Spanish Harlem. Some Bronx, and another Brooklyn. As a New Yorker long-time, I vote for Lower East Side. And it seemed that the family never met with anyone except other Latinos. They lived in isolation isolated little. Some interactions with non Latinos might create some stimulation, interest, or tension. Remember West Side Story? <br /> And now for the often-criticized cinema. I do not know if it was my television or what, but all the indoor shots look very orange to me. Apt, furniture, and face were all ORANGE. What did that mean? And the apt. looked at me beautifully cramped. Someone here has mentioned that the old house / tenements had very large rooms. Well, maybe 50 years ago. Which landlords are doing is breaking one big one up to 2 or 3 babies and sighing as many immigrants as they can get into them. Another thing to bother ... This is the second family film I've seen and criticized this week featuring a young boy "Soaked in". Is this private sector necessary for us to look? Please resolve me! What's up with these directors? <br /> So, "Victor Vargas" is a nice little movie. It was nice for a change to see young Latino actors giving a break and a chance to show their talent, which they did. But the writers let them down, giving them a flat, unspectacular script to work with them. Enjoy the show, but keep your finger near the button "fast forward".
