This is not a movie you can really analyze separately in its production. The audience became film maker at an unprecedented level in the American film industry; We felt so involved that looking at it gets like watching the work of a friend. How is it possible to be objective? This is our movie, is not it? Or is it? Power has nothing more influential than a film-maker that encourages himself as the audience friend, giving them all the naughty treaties that the critics nannyish would deny. Just look at that first self-publisher Eli Roth, promising the gore-best of all the missing vessels of literally extreme extremes of humus films, only to churn out an underground downhill and technically incompetent piece of work like 'Hostel'. /> David R. Ellis can not spell the monster that was the Internet response in his movie, but he, well understood, was quick to engage with it. He took the carnival-huckster school to make films at a new level, getting fans to build what they would eventually buy. So much was enthused on this interactive, democratic approach to film-making that they seem to have missed the point - that this is the most cynical form of film-like-marketing. There is nothing to include that the movie-makers know their fans will not buy, and any old suggestions that will get bums on incorporated chairs. The fact that the pitch became the title tells you all you need to know. <br /> Is not just the evolution of the focus group approach? Individual creativity, talent, craft, ideas, all are sacrificed before the driver hovers in the masses. It is a critical fact that focus groups and test quizzes do not make for good movies - why should the preemptive intervention of internet enthusiasts be any different? Because we happen to be movie fans? Well, thank God for you, because otherwise I can not see a topless woman to get my nipples by a snake. <br /> So, yes, I had fun in the movie - a midnight showing, fresh from the pub with an ice-cream bucket - but it actually had relatively little to do with the movie, and quite a much to do with the atmosphere. Like Christmas, everyone seemed determined to have fun, no matter what. There was laughter, but I do not know if it was with the movie, or in the movie. With a movie as calculated as this one, is that even a significant distinction? There are some really good aspects of the movie. Samuel L. Jackson provides a well-judged performance, pure self-parody but with a real sense of pleasure. Rachel Blanchard and Lin Shaye are decent in limited role, and there are one or two inspirational moments - the fate of the leg dog is funny funny comic black that the rest of the movie fails to emulate. Character actions must be expected, but the total lack of suspense is not. What's the point in a movie that combines two phobias if there's crooked threats? There are several snakes-jumping-out moments, but they are extremely badly scratched. Only the annoying British man gets a decent scene of pulpy death - other killings are unusual flat. Crush in the honeymoon, for example, is ashamed to botched. Most of the actors do not make an impression; It's a shame that a charismatic actress like Julianna Margulies should look so tired (when it says two kids shut their eyes and pretend to torture the flight is a coaster roller, he can talk to the audience - the film falls far short). <br /> <br /> There are worst movies, but there are many, much better; Another review on this site compares this film with 'Lake Placid', and it's just just a contrast like anything I can think of. This film was so impressive that the performance was excellent, the jokes were funny, the suspense sequences were scary, and it was not invented by committees. That character has a small depth and shadow was an unexpected bonus. I do not need a post-pub midnight showing them a good time with this movie. <br /> <br /> This movie will, in time, fade to become a footnote only in movie history. If it sets up a precedent, however, I'm really worried about what would cross our screens in a couple of years. In all probability, there is not much going out of it. Popennium favors perennial - 'adventurer in the lost ring', 'aliens', 'halloween' and of course, 'star wars' - just not produced by group-thinking. , I'll tell you what - I do not have half a craving for some Bergman Ingmar.
