The more I analyze this movie, the worse it gets. First of all, why a motivational speaker? This part was just stupid. I mean, why would a megalomaniac trying to control the world relying on a motivational speaker? Is Alexander Stone really disorganized? First he can not decide what he wants to do to control the world, so it looks like the Bible for ideas. Many of these ideas, I might add, really have no relief (For example, the "Ismael and Isaac's house will cry out in fear" could have already happened. It could have been the burning synagogues during Krystalnacht and The mosques could very well be the mosques to blow up in Baghdad or something.) And the Gillen Lane family! They had no party except giving a family of platfrom values ​​and dabbling eyes and water! I would add that since Casper Van Dien / Gillen Lane is only in his wines (or this impression that I had) and has a ten-year-old child, having her child during high school. Yeah, have gone to the TBN family. Also, why this movie should be so propaganda as propaganda? I'll repeat that a review earlier said. Indiana Jones flicks to use Christian mythology as a forex sketch and manipulate it well so that we are intoxicated. This movie does not. Start the start of well, and Michael Ironsides plays a priest who kills a student in some sort and steals the Omega Code of the Dead Man. Then, when confronted by two people he is obviously scared, the two prophets tell him "Tell your master that we are here!". Dominic (Ironsides) replied "It's already known" and points to a small surveillance camera. This part was throwing up my spine. There was only it going on like one scene I would like this movie. I'll give Michael York credit: he does a good job of acting his character, such as Michael Ironsides. But the good guys are terrible. I have already gone over the Lane family <br /> <br />. Now that I'm on the act, I'll get on plot. This is evidently a Baptist movie, since our beloved Papaya at the Vatican is described as an oasis. The world domination scheme that I liked and found plausible and subtle, as the sequence of actions was also thrilling and well-done. Also another diatribe against the Vatican, the leaders see it as dogmatic minded, since Gillen explains the Pope that it is not the end of the world, but the beginning of a new round also, the Vatican (or Israeli) says to go through secede from the Union Aince world have used the Omega Code to control the world. Anyone who he was, would not just be tight, would be sent on commandos and kill them. This is the equivalent of America knowingly about the KGB will kill the President and simply say, "We will not talk to you again!". Come! I enjoyed the scenes where we see bombs headed toward Israel and see them again on the monitor. Mediocre in short.
