I was very disappointed by this movie for a few reasons. For the first half hour it's actually pretty decent. Although the act is not any better then what you would find in a rap video, its kind of funny and the output value does not seem half bad. In fact I almost thought this would be almost as good as Perico Ripiao (another recent film film) that has come back from them MUCH better than what I hope. The plot for the film turns around not only copying husband, but how women are seen and treated in Dominican society as a whole, which makes for a good site especially in the Dominican Republic. Unfortunately I do not think that the musicians in this film are that a good movie is all about how you treat your subject, and they f'ing up the box cows they've had in front of them. Approximately 30 minutes of film in the role of men and women are reversed after the main characters wives put a kind of spell on it as a result of his cheating habit. Not only is this transition occurring through what look to be cutting edge, space age, CGI effect date in what I guess would be to the 70, but the whole plot just down to the drain. The rest of the film is nothing but predictable cheese situation, and cleverly covered a covering material. In itself it's all about (and I guess I should warn you now ** SPOILER ALERT **) it all turns out to be a dream. Oh who did not see who came? Oh people I almost forgot the most ridiculous thing about the movie. Well after about an hour of it I start thinking "something hmmmm just does not seem right on the sound track, but what can it be?" ?? and then he hit me Half of the music in the movie made out of a GALYEN VIDEO game in combat 95. <br /> <br /> When oh when DR you give us a movie we can call a work in art?!?! Perhaps a comedy that corresponds to the Amelie France, or an action flick that faced Thailand's Ong-Bak, an animation as Akira was Japan, a comic comic thriller like Coconut Layer was in England, or a socio-awakening journey as Wakavi life was here in the states. <br /> <br /> ... I would give it a 1 but I've seen so much worse from DR, search Los Jodedores and you'll know what I'm talking about.
