Increasing Victor Vargas: A review <br /> <br /> You know, Ask Victor Vargas is like sticking your hand into a large bowl, steaming of oatmeal. It's hot and gooey, but you're not sure if it feels right. Try as I might, no matter how hot and gooey Ask Victor Vargas came I still knew that something did not quite feel good. Victor Vargas suffers from a certain awareness on the part of the principal. Apparently, the director thought that the ethnic group of a Latino family on the lower side of the east, with an idyllic storyline would make the movie critical evidence. It was good, but it did not fool me. Asking Victor Vargas is the story of an old-year-old son called, you guessed it, Victor Vargas (Victor Rasuk) who lives his teenage years pursuing more skirts than the Rolling stones could do throughout The years were a tour. The movie begins in Donna's `Ugly Grass' room where Victor is sure to seduce him, but a cry from outside interrupts his plan when his best friend-Harold (Kevin Rivera) comes-a-looking for him. Taken in the attempt by Harold and his sister, Victor Vargas runs for damage control. Even with the embarrassing implication that she tackled the homeliest girl in the neighborhood, nothing to disrupt young Victor from going on the hunt for more fresh meat. On a hot day, New York City makes the way to the local public swimming pool where Victor's eyes catch a glimpse of the beautiful Nose (Judy Marte), who is not only beautiful but also a strong and independent. Relationships between Victor and Judy become concentrated in the film. The story also focuses on Victor's family composed of his grandmother or Abuelita (Altagracia Guzman), his brother Nino (also played by Victor Victor Real Life, Silvestre Rasuk) and his sister Vicky (Krystal Rodriguez). The action follows Victor between scene with Judy and his scene with his family. Victor tries to deal with being a Scandinavian pimp-father, his sentiment for Judy and his Catholic conservation. <br /> <br /> Problems arising from Victor Vargas are a few, but blatant errors. Throughout the movie you get to know certain characters such as Vicky, Nino, Grandma, Judy and even Judy's best friend. The problem is, we know nothing of Victor Vargas except that it is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. We know he knows how to lick his mouth, and comb it, and bring himself to the wooing girl's sake in the bag, but that's all. We know that Nino plays piano, and quietly well, you could see it by the awards on the family piano. We know her sister Nicki is a gossip-loving girl with an interest investing in watching TV. We know that Granny is a traditional woman-working woman who tries to raise her children and be mindful of a world of excess corruption. But where is the titular character, Victor Vargas? It's this movie somewhere, but we only know what the movie tells us. This is by far the largest film flaw. Victor Vargas is not so much a character but a ping-pong ball, bouncing between scenes with Judy and his grandmother, but we never get to know Victor Vargas really. This is important because as I mentioned the only thing we know of Victor Vargas is that it is a sexual teenager active with a Libido size in Manhattan. It's an Alpha-male total. Victor Vargas is not the kind of character I am sympathizing with. Why should anyone be? So, at the end of the film, in the aftermath of the climaxes we really led to believe that somehow Victor Vargas arrived any depth and learned the mistakes of his way? How might a two-dimensional character be any depth? If only the director was a little worried about whitening out his main character instead of worrying about getting the perfect but loss. <br /> <br /> Ask Victor Vargas to bring to life the world of neighborhoods in the inner city's outskirts of the big screen. Something that some films did before in the past. The movie was complimentary to feel so real, and I'm not going to <br /> discuss with that. I have not seen this level in reality since CBS has revealed survivors. Seriously, although the film has some nice shots in the city, writer / director Peter Sollett has way too dependent on close-ups and shotguns. This problem particularly noticed indoor scenes that are, so clostrofob I was forced to exercise deep-breathing to keep from passing out. As the film continues, the shots get tightened and tightened and cut off from chin fronts on the screen; you can practically smell Victor Vargas cookies cheap. The overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. The indoor scenes of apartment inside the city make them look small and cramp, which is not true. I was in those apartments; I lived in one. They're not nice, but they have high ceilings, and are living space decent. By the movie standard you would think that these apartments were 5x5 cells in brick-and-mortar, chipped paint and cracked walls. Unfortunately, Sollett's constant use of close-ups and one particularly bad shot with a zoom-in on one scene comes in as totally amateur. But Ask Victor Vargas is only the second film of Sollett, and best known, a solid effort in film that will hopefully get as best as he continues to film. A review I read the film as 'Ethnicity of Ethnicity,' and I can not agree more. If Victor Vargas was really a big movie and story, then the applicable characters would not matter if they were Latino, Chinese, etc. But if you took this story with his middle-class suburbia stick and a Bunch of young-bopper white children results would not be like glowing reviews, and we would see the movie's flaws more clearly. Indeed, some other aspects of the use of Latinos in this movie are disturbing me. While some aspects of Victor Vargas are other precise people I have questions. For example, Victor, Nino and Vicky all share the same sleeping room. This put in an alarm for me because it looked contrary to what I believe. Any independent family respected Latino would not have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year-old girl. At first I was gone, maybe I was wrong, but after talking to my grandmother I knew my problem and this was justified. Considering how the conservative grandmother is, you would think Vicky would sleep in her room. As a Latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative Cuban home, raised my grandmother while my mother was working full time, I could relate to the movie in many ways, which is why my critical opinion is bittersweet because i really wanted to like this movie. Unfortunately, the lack of respect for Victor Vargas sabotage my feelings for the movie. Perhaps because Victor Vargas reminds me these guys who took while I played with Genesis Sega when I was seventeen. Maybe it's because without any further introspection by the movie, Victor Vargas is simply a warm-blooded Latin Latino, who will just end up shouting with girls from his car, Hey Bay-Honey, Do you want to get into my luv Mah-Cheen? 'Either way I do not like it, so finally how can i like a movie about it? So, if you will excuse me, I'll stick my hand in a bowl of grits. <br /> <br />
