When the adolescents go on a trip to a camper van there's so much fun that you can be guaranteed to follow. <br /> 1) The adolescents will be warned by going where they go by a crazy local. Dan Van Husen is busy with ridiculous exhibits on Sirens very dangerous. What, who, how and why they are occupying one loss almost unbearable. 2) The wind will break. 3) Also looking for help the group will be divided and they must choose one by one regardless of the monies being warned.4) They will find a home that is not a fool, it will take them. 5) The house will have a phone, but it will not work, it will be worried to decorate, there will be flickering neon light, spiders and maggots. 6) The madness will catch them as they try to escape from a vehicle that will not start (here the high speed was made on a tractor). 7) The fool will seem to kill only to return from the dead for a cheap, weakening and will then be good. 8) Only a girl will leave alive in the group. 9) there will be a twist needed at the end. <br /> Adding to these naked Sirens elements (which characters seem to react to in different thrilling ways despite the fact that all those who see them are supposed to fall in love with them immediately) that seduce and kill the youngsters, their throats was torn out and the body was pulled in half and you had something resembling a twelve year old movie dream boy. <br /> I think it is just fair to say that my opinion of the director and his previous work is as low as it is possible to be, but I'm happy to point out that there are a few elements that pensions on fun with them is a great improvement on his previous film, Darkhunters, which is one of the worst films I've ever seen. At times the cinema is very good, the music and editing are a cut above its films and some other budget support movies. I was impressed hearing that he had realized and a third of the money spent on the previous monstrosity. However, the worst things about this film can not be found in the body of the movie, is ultimately a lousy chore if freeware films have made time and time again, but among the extra DVDs. /> If you rent this movie I ask you to listen to the director's comments it is beyond belief. There is more to say about this than the movie itself. A lurid party in the Next is the director's claim that the film is cliché lead because it was a preconceived idea. He says it is a deliberate attempt to use all the candles and openly wondering if "people will find it." I'm scared to say that if this supposed to be a smart nod to a wink of the past film and the genre of the genre then it's not wittily scripted enough, acted in a proper tone nor led to enough style of work. If this movie made its order, I asked a question; "What was the point?" This is affiliate that just slips right into Canon's bad horror movies, any attempt to do something smart or different has not worked. <br /> <br /> The next nugget to shine is a conversation about the snobber towards digital format movie. They justify that digital is often synonymous with cheapness and ease of use. However, the best moments of the conversation come when they lower the fact that when Michael Mann makes a movie in the format it is labeled as a visionary. There is a simple distinction to be done here; Man is a talented director who will use the format to fit her story and style, Roberts is a hack horror that uses her to produce under rack genre pictures. I think the differences are obvious and the comparison is not just arrogant but redundant. This is the best time for Robert's comment on those who took the time to review his previous movie. Those who do not like it are generalized as 'geeks' and even go as far as they single out specific people to have the nerve voice opinions in forums that are encouraged to do so only. I must admit I was a little disappointed that my review of his latest films was not aimed at reputation. The Tirade goes further as the group jokes on North Norway retailers, filling and accentuate hilarious means that people from Norway would not know a good movie simply because of their place of birth. As always these kind of comments say more about those who say they pass what they are aiming, they simply make the director and his friend look ignorant. The package is rounded out with a tasteful featurette about how the sirens were cast. Robert swears blind in voice over, 'I did not want to make a movie like Baywatch' as ​​we saw tapes audition of topless and nude writhing girls around the earth. There is also a simple, independent documentary about doing Darkhunters while Robert says there is a review claimed that Forest is "The Best British Movie of the Year". I do not know who he is trying to convince. At one point in the commentary of Robert's commentary said "I can see people sitting at home saying" this is not surprising, it sh $ t "it's not wrong.
