I've never been a vicious visualizer of "Crocodile Hunter", but was occasionally seeing an episode, or somewhat of an episode, and when the news spread on Steve Irwin's death from a stingray attack in 2006, he certainly caught up me. This film, with Steve and his wife, Terri, playing themselves, but in a fictional story, was released in 2002, but I had not heard of it until several years later, and even after that he took me 'briefly to get around to see it. Well, now, I've seen it, and after looking here first (more than once), and seeing its rating, I was not surprised at how unimpressive it turned out, though it could be a bit better. Apparently, he supposed a comedy, so a big problem with it is that it's not very funny at all. A US satellite beacon falls down from space to ground in Australia, where it is swallowed by a crocodile! While Steve and Terri Irwin are on a mission to take this crocodile from a place where he terrorizes the cow on a hip owned by the crazy Brozzie Drewitt, and they are unaware of what inside it, the two CIA agents are sent to Australia beats the Beacon! The agents will help Jo Buckley, and the owner hips and dogs can make the mission harder for them! On Steve's and Terry's missions, they deal with other dangerous wildlife, not only the crocodile, and since they have no sign that the croc has anything unusual inside it, when Steve sees the CIA agents after them, he mistakenly for poachers! <br /> Not only do I laugh at once while watching this film, the only part that really makes me smile was Steve Irwin using a huge scary snake of one of the CIA agents. Apart from that, I do not think I find anything even lustfully entertaining. It is also a bit of an incoherent mess, switching out, from Outback to the Australian CIA headquarters, and it looks like clips from "Chocolate Hunter" and clips from a thriller action (or something like that ) put together for some reason. Also adding to these mixing are the hips, which also seem from somewhere else, and as funny as Brozzie Drewitt, played by Magda Szubanski, is supposed to be, not. At one point, we see it farting, so we have a fart joke, a MAJOR cliché of modern comedy! Are they so hard to resist? I also found the typical "Crocodile Hunter" scene, and Steve doing crocodiles and holding other dangerous creatures and talking about them in viewers, to be tedious but I guess the fact that I was never a devil fan of the show did not help. Steve Irwin has been admired by many as a conservationist, and it is unfortunately missed by them, while there are also those who say he messed with nature and he came up with it. No matter where you are on, "The Crocodile Hunter: Collision Course" is not a well-crafted film. I'm sure it helps if you're a big fan of Steve Irwin, but even if you are, there is no guarantee that you would like this movie, as some fans have not been impressed. In fact, it seems that some have found this movie to be worse than I have, so maybe it does NOT help. As I said, there is no guarantee. I would also tell you what to think of Steve Irwin and his show, this movie was needed. This attempt combines what is usually seen in "Chocolate Hunter" and a fictive story unfortunately fails, and a viewer can find that this movie looks longer than ninety minutes!
