Since the start of this film was awful! Why was it wrong? If not women are naked, not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon, but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand out of COLGATE laundering !! Then it's old guy 'crazy' at the gas station, who is not so crazy but more "I'm not sure how to act a great deal so I'll set right ahead and look as stupid as I can while pretending to call to robotic tones about something in the woods "! Then return to those naked babies who need a cure for gingivitis .... apparently, without touching you ... and this is according to the opening stage .... they can cause a nasty looking red rash about your neck, which I suppose to be a piece of meat missing but just looks as if it could do with some tcc clear it up. Then you have Sophie Holland who plays Ally, I have never seen such as baaaaaad acting, it is more of a "mine me, if I do not have fun no one else, and I do not want to do that for I will not, and I meanest on the planet, I'm sarcastic, petty and if I do not get things way I'm going to be sultry! ", kind of people .... remind me more of a 6 yesterday mood girl a. I do not think it's worth mentioning the camera's long-awaited camera reminds me of Blair Witch, or how low-budget film actually was that when Judd was hacking at the door 'locked' it was in fact opened before it happened to unlock it from the other side !! This movie is completely ridiculous! If it was a parody then it would have been successful ... only just though, but, as a horror movie was just plain wrong !!! I can not even describe everything that has gone wrong! T up in this movie I would run out of room! Although it was funny to watch Andrew Drip Raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while Tom Savini's character was completely blind and hidden from the table directly in his line of vision !! It was even funnier when these two thought they could escape on a damn tractor, how we all know is that your number one hated car to get stuck behind since it is slow slow slow! So it's any amazing not to get away with it ?? And how many people you know can slice open their wrist and then run around for hours as if nothing ever happened! No pain, there is no weakening of blood loss, nothing! But the silliest part is when all of a sudden (and I mean literally) it's one year after and molly still loses up the woods after escaping to the nymphs, and then and watch, Shaun Hutson choose it ... of course not without a line encouraging her book !! (altho admittedly it is one of my fav's authors), but suddenly, with absolutely no hint of a xplanation as to how and why ... it's wrong itself and hutson hurts to death it, then we cut In the crazy dude from the beginning suddenly wander around the woods with a canola case, even after it 'dazzled it' performance on why no one-one should ever venture there for whatever reason ... The cue Nymphs they stupidly slappin each other around a bit for fun while pouring petrol everywhere. ... and here finished the movie .... finally! My conclusion .... if you have not already guessed by now .... absolute trash! There was no proper thought to enter it at all, who would target the camera need to shoot ... and come to think of it so did 99% of the cast! If the director of rights, actors, and budgets got behind this he could have been decent. But once again, low-budget English-language films but the rest of the genre, country, and English film-making industry are shamed! (And I'm English so I'm allowed to say that)! In fact, only the decent and exciting part of the movie is in the 15-20 first minutes when we look it out from night to day on a kind of garden area. All I thought of all this was "Heavenly Father why oh why you allowed someone to do that, her absolute cow's theses !!" But I can not turn a movie off after I started watching it unfortunately. I had to look at Dawn Til Dawn afterwards just reminding myself that Tom Savini did it to him to act well! If there was an option for 0/10 then believe me i would choose that cuz this movie is not even worth one point i made it! <br /> But this is just my opinion, look at it and decide for yourself.
