This movie is currently working in an original original idea - I have never seen nymphs thrown out of the sky in a horror movie before anyway. However, the way that he executes this idea is not the original of the slightest; We follow a lot of kids, for some reason decided to go on a jungle trip. The fact that the forest remains by these nymphs makes it more interesting than simply another forest full of rednecks / nutcases / zombies etc; but really, the monsters are just a variation on the common horror of the woods theme. Many films in this ilk do not have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one has worn brain cells out and just one. The only real advantage that the monsters to bring to the table are the fact that they are beautiful women that the characters lust for, rather than being horrible grotesques that they want to run away from. That's fine up to one point; but it soon becomes boring, with the almost complete lack of any back-story surrounding the central monsters to ensure that the film will never find itself out of the 'horror garbage' category. It's been since the Falling Year has done the Woodlands somewhere first horror, and in spite of such films as The Blair Witch Project; it always does for an excellent horror setting. This is one of the best films, as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem is that the Forest of the Dane never seems to have plenty of up its sleeve. Death sequences show a different lack of imagination, and the fact that all the characters are cliché of the extreme does not help, as you most likely have to look forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away. The cast is made up of children mostly, but there is a role here for Tom Savini; which unfortunately does not get to have fun in the special effects department. Only only emphasize the movie where the personnel are concerned from the nymphs themselves. The naked women tend to look great, and if it was not for them, this movie would get pretty boring very fast. There is nothing to recommend this movie for really; but if you want a little little horror movie that harks back in the style of eighty Woods flicks, you might get some fun here.
