This is a kind of genre thing, meaning you either like the 1950s music or you do not. If you do, you will love this. Personally, I prefer 1930s and most of their 40s music and talent dance in Astaire and Rogers, and Eleanor Powell, Bill Robinson, Ruby Keeler, James Cagney, Shirley Temple and their hands sung in the '50s, The slowest dance and the melodramas of the decade all turn to me. <br /> <br /> This movie is a case-in-point. The first song was okay but the next three was nothing to me. By that time, the story did not have much appeal, either. The presence of Deborah Kerr is another less. I do not think I've seen a movie she's starred in that I liked, including this one, where English teacher's two-footed goody show shows spending half the movie threatening to leave Siam. (Here's what it was!). However, divorcing myself from love-and-dislike, there is no denying this Rogers and Hammerstein productions have a lot of appeal in many ways, especially those who love the "sound of music" a decade later. There are similarities in the R & H music. So, if you liked Julie Andrews to flick the movie, you should love this too. <br /> <br /> This is a lavish production and, yes, a capital "l" This is the kind of great musical production you rarely saw after this generation. You also find the armed musicians, unlike today, where the actress can not really sing for Marnie Nixon coming to Kerr's rescue, as she did with Natalie Wood at West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in Lady Fair "Yul Brynner is" King Mongkut "and is the stereotypist traditionalist, the filmmakers still display in a negative way. It is not "progressive," as the left wing as saying, but the teacher education (Kerr, as "Anna Leonowens") will put him right. End-of-progression of today still puts the teacher higher than those who are trying to cure cancer! However, Yul is a good thing in this role and even hires some comedies along with his more-bark-than-biting character. Justice, it is the star of this great movie. Brynner had magnetism. Even in "The Big Ben," Yul was the one cowboy who mesmerized the audience. In summary, it's a fine film for its day and millions of people enjoyed it. I'll leave it at that.
