Madison is not too bad -? If you like simplistic, non-offensive, family-friendly ticket prices, and most importantly, if you know absolutely nothing about idling unlimited racing. If, like me, you grew up with the sport and your hero had names like Musson, Muncey, Cantrell, Slovak, etc., prepared to be disappointed .. <br /> <br /> Critical movie criticism was commented in length on the nature of the formula in the film and its galleries to use every sidewalk sportsbook in the book. I do not need to repeat what they said. What I felt was unfortunately lacking was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited racing in the "glorious years" (which many would argue were already past in 1971). Yes, it was wonderful to see the old classic ships that roaring down the six lanes, even though it was clear that their versions were restored (hats go to the volunteers of the Hydroplane and Museums Museum Race) The scenes are reduced to speed. But where was the sound? Much of this thrill in the old idiots has roared into mind-numbing at six engine allison or Rolls-Merlin, wounding up to the RPM never imagined by the designers, hitting the line starting right in front of you. You did not hear it, you FELT it. Real Estate Hydro knows exactly what I'm talking about. There are none of that in Madison. Instead, each race scene is buried under what should be a "heroic" music note. <br /> Then there are the closed-up shots of drivers, riding smoothly and comfortably in the huts as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines, in some cases take time to smilly evilly as they contemplate as best to block poor home-town heroes. Or, in one particularly ridiculous shot, take the time to place Jake Lloyd to give a "Rocky" room from a bridge pier. In fact, some unlimited drivers have been faced with the flakes to minimize the beats taken as ships were crying across the rock-hard water at speeds above 150 mph. As a so-called review put it, , "The sport deserves better than that." Finally, since another user brings up anachronism, I'll add one: The shotset set in Kingdome's Seattle show and Safeco Field. Neither existed in 1971
