People tried to convince me that the premise of this devastating superstition / thriller futuristic was inspired by the current last words spoken by a serious native killer (whose name saved me at this time). While waiting for his execution in the electric chair, he stated that his soul would return to life and continue to go on indifferently never ending. It's not a very original idea to turn a horror movie over, by the way. Other low-budget turkeys apply the same basic precision, such as "House 3", "Shocker" and "Ghost in the Car". Anyway, the "Power First" (a.k.a "Pentagram") is not a completely awful effort, but the script overly returns to cliché and lacks genuine emotions. The movie starts off as a hiccup, albeit the world cops killer assassin in which obsessive looking-hero Lou Diamond Philips pursues a maniac that carves pentagrams blood into the chests of his victims. He received unexpected help from a spiritual means, played by the gorgeous Griffith and underrated Tracy Griffith. He brought him to the assassin, but also did not want to execute him, as would result in a even greater catastrophe! Thanks to Tess's suggestion, Detective Logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his death penalty, but Patrick Channing has made a park with Satan and even returning to the rotten streets of California to make some more kill. The "First Power" becomes very malicious once the murderer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit. Instead of using it came to satanic powers to wipe out the whole world (that's what I would do in his position), Channing simply prefers to play cats and mouse games with his nemesis brass . He annoyingly calls him "Buddy-Boy" all the time and possesses the bodies of Logan's friends and colleagues in order to manage him. Though never really boring or misunderstood, it's a very weak film to keep, especially because you still get the feeling of past. Writer / director Robert Resnikoff typed using all scratches (the killer was sexually abused as a child) and even the players' lines could easily be predicted. As soon as Griffith explains it could predict the future, you just know that, somewhere in some points in the movie, it will tell the ridiculous line to use too much "I say people who live their lives, but my own life is a mess ". Be cautious. Lou Diamond Philips' performance is adequate enough, but it's rather hard to take that juvenile rebels in "La Bamba" and "Stand and deliver" as a tough copper. There are also decent support roles for Mykelti Williamson ("Forrest Gump"), Carmen Argenziano ("A Gentile Calling") and B-movie Horror Saga David Gale ("Re-Animator") appear in a comic in the beginning very in the movie.
