Angry! Angry! Angry! No, I did not like it. It was obvious what the intention of the movie was: tracking the track and dealing in the "movers and shakers" that produced a movie. In some cases, these are people who represent themselves other than what they are. I did not need a movie telling me how to fund some of those in the movie industry. I suppose I'm in fact really because I expect something like "Roman Holiday". <br /> I'm not a movie maker nor I'm taking movie class but it appeared to me that the movie was born in a series of 'short' (in the main) where the actors (!) were supplied with a drawn loose-line and they were to imprint the dialogue. Henry Jaglon claims that he and Victoria Foyt actually wrote the scenario but the impression was that the actors, aware of the overall direction of the film, extemporised the dialogue - and was not always successful. So a case at point was when Ron Silver made some remarks that really did not flow along the line of the conversation (and I will not look back for it!) And Greta Scacchi breaks in laughs even though they were supposed to be There is a serious conversation, because Silver's remarks are like a section that is not. You get the impression also that one actor deliberately attempts to 'kick the feet' of the actor and other crush his concentration. Another example of this is when a producer tells Silver to "bring the documents & *% @ @ # ^" (3 times). Silver look literally lost for words. I saw another film that looked like a series of dramatic workshops on improvisation and that was awful too! <br /> The fact that Jaglon was able to attract Greta Scacchi (by foreigners in Australia), Ron Silver, Anouk Ami, and Maximilian Schell suggested it was a 'slow news week' for them. Peter Bogdanovich had a 'this-hell-am-I-doing-here' look at her face all the time and I hope to hear her say, "Look, I'm a director and senarist - not an actor "- that would be needed in the state! Faye Dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, Liam. Apart from delivering the dialogue, the camera but kept being disappointing even though it was for verisimilitude - as I suspect the "natural" dialogue was - and the interest of the directors came to yield in the interest of the various genes Walk along the study trying to inspire themselves in injection. That at least approaches Cinema Truth. So that, along with the irritating song of French during which I used the mute button, made for a generally 90-odd minute disappointing minute. <br /> I think we should avoid apotheosising films like this. Try to see the value of the film in which it has small credit in order to prove that a transcendental level of everywhere in it is misguided. There was really nothing avant-garde about it. He did not come across as a work of art and yet he was not a documentary either. I know, it was a mocumentary but the real test is if it is fun. I was bored out of my skull! He made one lockout feature: it pronounced 'Cannes' correctly so I gave it 3/10.
