'I do not understand. None of this makes any sense! 'Call one character entasperated towards the end of Death Smiles in killings. Having just sat down in this mess confusion in a movie, I know exactly how it feels. The story, by the film director Aristide Massacessi (good old Joe D'Amato using his real name for a change), is a clumsy blend of superstratural, murder / mystery, and artistic gossip, the love of which will probably appeal to those who admire trippy 70s of garbage like Jess Franco's most jazz effort, but I have had difficulty staying conscious. <br /> Opening with a mourning burial of death in her dear sister (with whom she had an incestuous affair, before eventually losing her to a superbly doctor), smile's death torture soon became very confusing when the woman was very same (played by Eulene Aulin, who is the same strange star 'Laugh an Eye Death') is seen alive and kicking, the sole survivor of a coach accident occurred outside the estate of Walter and Eva von Ravensbrück. After being invited to reside and recreate at home, where he is trendy by Dr Sturges (Klaus Kinski in a unreliable role), the comic comic begins with love affairs with both Mr and Mrs. Ravensbrück (meaning that the viewers treated in short concerts but welcomed in lovely and lesbian lesbian). <br /> <br /> 'So far, so good', I thought myself at this point, 'we had bosu, incest, some blood and bowel, and gratitude to naked women' ?? all the ingredients of a Euro-Terror Garbage; What follows, however, is an attempt to blame by Massacessi combining giallo style killings, ghostly going on, and even elements from the 'Edgar Allan Poe' black cat, says a very funny, utterly bewildering, and ultimately very boring story to revenge from beyond the tomb. This film seems to have some few admirers here on IMDb, but given the choice, I'd rather watch one of the director's scenes scenes from later in his career; I guess incomprehensible, sink, surreal 70s Gothic horror just is not my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (peppers for the cheesy gurus and nekkidness), rounded up to 3 for IMDb.
