Fantasy fanatics (I talked to 12, although if you're under 12 I'm sorry to say that you might have a reproach): In the near future, if you appreciate your imagination is affected by well-written, original story, punctuated by unpredictable planting crises, and delivering through convincing performance, then I can recommend - these STEAMERS DEPARTMENTS - made by directors who have apparently long since past sold by date. It has no accident that almost every episode feels like it did in the 1980s. Do not place the blame on the shoulders of some of these old boys (or indeed 80's) because of where we should without certain movies come from the likes of Argento, Carpenter, Landis, Dante and Barker (Actually Clive, WTF Do you have to have it? Glad to see Romero had the good sense to give her a miss as I'm sure he asked to participate ...). More maybe we should point out the finger of Mick Garris's creator whose qualifications include the challenging logic and depressingly ill-advised television remake of Stanley Kubrick's chief 'shining'. <br /> <br /> Perhaps it is an indication of the state television today. Are we so hungry on TV TVs good that we applaud any slocky slocky slots that the networks excuse on our set? Unfortunately, maybe so. Normally I would not see the point of adding a comment that does not discuss the flaws and merits of a production, I would just rate it accordingly. However, just as this series is horribly lacking in any merit (with perhaps exceptional tune of exceptional terms) I write this as more of a warning than a review: DO NOT WAS your time and money. If you do not agree with me then it's more than likely that you have not seen enough decent horrors. Maybe the earliest films of some of these directors would be a better place to start, but if these 'horrors' masters' were assessed on these works alone, they would never have been allowed to graduate and even the undergraduate degrees. Unless the courses have been studied for a degree from the University of S ** t.
