According to IMike's Takashi Miike's owner of the film segment, Imprint, was banned in the US. So I figured I would translate the Swedish review I just wrote for her ... <br /> It was hard to have any sort of waitress from Ichi's killer-director Takashi Miike's episode of Masters in horror series. And DVD-covered in Imprint made of paper look very promising. <br /> The story mostly takes place in a Japanese bordeaux remote, some time during the 19th century, and tells the story of a journalist looking for Comomo, the woman he left behind with whom he promised to return for. Tired of dropping it to the bordello, hoping this will be the end of his very long journey. It seems that one of the prostitutes, a distorted and quiet girl, knows about Komomo, and those desperate to tell her where she is and what happened to her since she left. The story says it is as discouraging as it is hard to swallow ... <br /> <br /> The first thing that hit me on the episode was how unnatural it seemed to throw the Japanese for the most part spoke American happy -English. But I'll leave it at that, it's not that great a deal. What is a great deal however is how miserable the rest of it. Miike's story moved at a slow pace that I could not help looking at my look several times during 63 minutes. Extending the scene-scene, which takes place somewhere in the middle of the film, felt so unmotivated - and intrusive pornography - that same scene became interesting. I felt like it was violent just for self-esteem - with no sense of style or purpose. The only scenes that sparked any kind of emotion out of me were the images of fetus without rolling on the bottom of the rapidly flowing water ... and, in all honesty, the only emotions they provoked were feelings of disgust. <br /> The journalist in seeking the love he left behind played by Billy Drago, for me most memorable as Frank Nitti - Al Capones White Killer in the Brian De Palmas Untouchables (1987). I always found Dragos painted in Nitti to be very mirror (and I mean in a great way), and that's probably why I was almost annoyed when I found her to be so awful (NOT in a good way) this one. His acting seems to shed between no feelings or empathy any shows in some really bad overacting. When his character is supposed to react to the awful Komomo things that were under my seat in the sofa, twisted and turned into an attempt to escape the hideous act thrown by Drago. I am grateful that most of the story was told by Yuoki Kudoh (Memoirs of a Geisha, 2005), who plays the distorted prostate. The final is probably supposed to be shocking, perhaps even rioting and I found it to be kind of ... you know ... "blah" (and I watch my look again, for the umptieth time, just wanting the episode to discourage ending ). Perhaps the final has caused me to smile just a bit, but that's just because I could not help thinking of an episode of red nose, with the top-down chin at Craig Charles and Danny John-Jules, and glued eyes about to make them look alien ... Your lucky, if you've seen that episode and now decide to see Imprint, I'll forever have to lose the visuals of the finish for you. <br /> <br /> First I thought, when Imprint finally ended, was the only thing that made the pain of watching it worth it, listening to the main theme theme by Edward Shearmur (the music even I believe that they are used in every episode of this series), and that - if anything - is a great friggin warning, do you think? One can point to the costume design, by Michiko Kitamura, and says there is, at least, something NOT missing in style and review .. But there are many other movies and TVs showing that so much better at the show Japanese "Geisha-fashioned". This is nothing but inferior and I'm disappointing. Takashi Miike of Masters of Horror-Episode is boring, uninspiring and pointless. In another sense; It really, really BAD!
