Honestly, the concept behind "Masters of Horror" had something to go for it. Big time press director who now leaves aside industry has given a chance to horror again, I've been all for it from the start. That is, until I look at some episodes ... Oh boy, it's really bad TV. Not only it seems like the directors that have given very little direct skit budgets, but there seems to be guidelines as well, like shooting in HD for example. To make a long story short, it's bad for both artistic and reasonable financial reasons. I can not help but compare to "Tales From The Crypt", and M.o.H. Episodes really do not stand the comparison. TFTC was good, MOH is bad; According to me here are some key to explaining it: TFTC was shorter (around 25 minutes per episode) than MOH (50 minutes per episode), I believe it allowed dancing screenplays, with good reoccurring ideas more often, Best overview of an episode, less likely to leave the plot to be confusing or boring. Duration may have been the reason that the budget was best spent on TFTC: the directors had REAL movie music composers (composers on MOH if they did not exist, very bad), REAL actors (whereas on MOH it does not have anything, but unknown actor after unknown actor!), REAL director of photography, and, sometimes, REAL camera movie (while MOH was shot on HD camera and very poorly chosen lens-piece), the result was that The episodes of TFTC watch and felt "Cinematographic" in the sense that real actors were casted, from Michael J. Fox to Tim Roth Kyle McLachlan Kirk Douglas, but also has film composers behind him, in the series of Alan Silvestri, great director of photography such as Dean Cundey, high-screen screen, and in that sense each "Account" was a little movie of its own kind of true. Compared with TFTC, "Masters of Horrors" is quite a lively TV approach. It is very difficult to stand up to it if your standards regarding cinematography are just a little above average, because it looks the same as any serious ugly series, if not worse. It gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast, in the first 10 minutes usually. Actors have never heard before wannabes (except for Fairuza Balk, Robert Englund, Angela Bettis and a few, but even there are only the most famous actors in the episodes). The principal director of MoH was good at the beginning, but it's getting worse and worst with every episode: now if even the directors are unknown to the world, what remains? There is nothing! And it's funny how they are beginning to have complete gender director while not even saying, Stan Winston, Dick Maas, William Lustig, Sam Raimi, Eric Red, Robert Harmon, William Friedkin, Jim Muro, Stuart Gordon, Russell Mulcahy. If even "Masters of Horror" can not bring dead directors back to life, who will be? Maybe a relay of Tales from the Crypt will be.
