Sadness Ed Wood "Classic" Plan 9 Out of outer space features a stranger hesitating to call the human race, "... stupid! Stupid, stupid stupid!" I should say the exhibit in which trial would probably be this movie, a ridiculous movie of funny sci-fi. <br /> <br /> Falling action star Jean Claude Van Damme returns to a hit role for her from the original movie, Luke, a former universal soldier who is currently working to make really good universal soldier. While Van Damme was too big to deny the role of the first two, he was too young to do much of anything else at the time the fourth film in the series of Universal Soldiers had come around. So, probably cursing his breath all the way, kicks off with grunts and scowls in ninety minutes of explosions and karate kicks. You will get lots of violence in your head, but I would advise you to get a check for your brain at the door when you start watching this thing. Otherwise, you are responsible to forget where you left it by the time it's over. <br /> <br /> Luke calls into action against more Universal Soldiers after a really really really wrong computer called Seth (doing HAL look like Ghandi) turning all the other universal soldiers into evil, remaseless killer . Of course this is what things are scheduled to do, but in this case they will kill the creators, not the "enemy" so is a problem. <br /> I love the mute logic of this movie. Logic believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself that looks as shameful as Michael Jai White does to be in this movie. The logic that dictates that the creator of Seth has a blue-haired cyber-stereotype geek that creates cliches more regularly than Old Faithful Steam. Logic with a climatic karate battle features two characters kicking each other even though ten separate panes of shattering glass in the span of three minutes in screen time. The film also features a daughter of character danger, Bill Wrestler Goldberg as a disguised wrestler like a universal soldier, and a romance so sneaking about, I must think the writers thought sneak about romance was actually a good thing. But then the movie ends, it ends. Not a minute after a huge blast-style blast of credit to run. No pilgrims, no places are now, do not kiss last, just blast, embrace, over. Even the creators want to get out of this stuff as soon as possible. <br /> While it's no plan 9, US: TR is a bit comical to trifle in an action movie that would be fun in full part of Honey Van Damme fans who enjoy seeing their heroes really reaching the new depths. Can not be seen on a severe stomach.
