We opened with Col. Luc Deveraux (Van Damme), the original universal soldier and his Asian buxum friends were chased down a river by what appears to be Universal Soldiers. They almost killed the two, then oh wait, it was just a field test. Our dear reach is now part of a government-funded company designing the new level of the Universal Soldier. Why would he want to participate in this (if you know anything about the original) never explained and far beyond me. It is after that deep pit that the real story will go. The U.S. government cut down the budget of the Universal Project, and the process was upset SETH (large-scale artificial computer that controls the Universal Soldiers). Of course it will not be closed without a fight. So that means Van Damme has gone and takes all the new breed of the Universal Soldier out. That sounds like a fun idea for a movie action and a take on an end, but that does not stop it from getting stupid as hell. <br /> <br /> For example, one of the new Universal Soldiers played by Bill Goldberg. Looks like you can not file a wrestler in a movie action. It's great, it's hard, right? Move. Van Damme does not seem to have a problem wiping the floor with her ... once ... twice ... three times. The point here is lost on me. Then there's to break into ice. A rudimentary part of any movie action, but someone involved must have a glass fetish. You must see the particular battle scene. Do not talk about how nobody cuts themselves or slips them very small. Then put Cherry on top of this train wreck, having SETH (the computer) to secure a human body for itself and how appropriate it is by making the black guy (Michael Jai White). There is nothing that works better than a good white guy to fight a bad black guy he looks like. Potentially offensive and just outright lame. It has no replacement for Dolph, either. <br /> <br /> Universal Soldier 2 is an ugly sequel. It's loud, it's dumb and it does not care. The original was not anything poetic, but it made a simple sort of sense with a science fiction element and he entertained on a basic level. The end is not. They however keep the time running under ninety minutes and somehow find a way to squeeze into a strip club sequence. So give credit where credit is due.
