I first heard of Unisol 2 when I drove past a movie when I was on holiday in America. I really did not take much notice of it until I bought the original on DVD that led me to find out about its three rooftops. I immediately started reading about the Return on the IMDB and asked those friends thought of it. Despite the terrible criticisms of her, I still come from my way to see it and was on the brink of buying it until I saw it for hire on DVD. I did not wait a lot, but thought he had to be half decent to get a theater release in the U.S., after all, how often is it that you see Van Damme on the big screen? Well, nothing could prepare me for that. It's so bad I almost call. What a total waste of 80 minutes and £ 2.50. It's difficult to explain how bad this move is. Honestly. This is the movie making. No, it's more than idiotic. I just can not believe how this was done. I can not believe that someone out there has not killed Mic Rogers. How stupid may be possible people - firstly, Van Damme actually thinks the script and movie finish was good. Secondly, the fact that Xander Berkley, in Terminator 2 and Air Force One status, committed himself to this film. I simply can not believe the sort of movie. She seduced her so badly, but she came across the audience as a parody. Here is an example: JCVD's daughter (yes, Luc is now somebody else) - "I want my Daddy", SETH- "So I". Oh yeah, and some guys are trying to close SETH by pulling three big levers and - waiting for it - over and over writing about them. Acting in every round is like playschool acting. I'm sure Mr Director Models Luc lover's reporter on April O'Neil from the cartoon turtle heroes turtle heroes - she refuses to go because she '... needed her story'. I mean coming over - how many clicks can a possible movie use? Please listen to my fellow IMDB user - Do not touch this with a barge bar. To conclude, Universal soldier: The Return has no relation whatsoever to the movie first. In fact, if they were not called UniSols then you would never know it was an end. Luc is now another person - what the hell!? The only place in which it can access the internet is in a box. All the new Uni Sols seem to have been dragged along the street, they are so compelling. This is the best turtle to look, so make yourself a favor - do not torture yourself. P.S - Best part of the movie: Romeo jumps on a building and speaks 'Oh sh * t'.
