OK I saw this film to find a bad reference, but with this film is Unisol's best film now drawn Luc Devereux is now a technical expert who works with the government and its partner Maggie, who was in countless hours of training and combat with him, for refined and perfect UniSol program in an effort to make a new, most successful breed of soldiers, intelligent, and nimble soldiers. All of the new Unisols, which are faster and stronger than their predecessors, are connected to an intelligent computer system called SETH, a self-developed Thirsty thinking. When SETH discovered that the Universal Soldier Program was scheduled to be closed because of budget cuts, he took matters into his own hands to protect himself. Killing those who try to lock his power and unleashing his platoon of super-soldier, led by Romeo Muscle, SETH Deveraux Spare, only because Deveraux has the secret code that needs to dislodge a built-in program that will close SETH down in a matter of hours. With the help of a hacker named Squid, SETH takes human forms. Not only Luc must be sustained with ambitious reporter Erin, who will not leave around him, but Luc also must beg with General Radford, who wants to take extreme measures to stop SETH. SETH was also kidnapped by Luc's 13-year-old Hillary, and now he has been detained. Luc is the only person to save Hillary, because Luc knows firsthand how a UniSol thinks, feels, and fights. Now there are issues like in any movie like anyone who finds it scruffy how a just-happened reporter to be there and the soldiers can take them to flatten with a truck however when Vanne Damme shoots them with a gun with one bullet and die and the final battle scene was incredible when Luc is now human and Seth is 5x stronger and faster than any other Unisol and Luc can take a hit from him. and the final battle when Luc smashes it in my pieces was really surprising that the pieces did not melt with his reforms (Terminator 2). Another thing that my bug is is how hell Vanne Damme finds good actors to play my family means in the case of Vanne Damme it's completely on the grid in how science fiction this movie is. Music notes now must have a mention you've ever listened to a song where you'd rather cut off a board and a well-rounded Universal 2 soldier is like that. The good points are at no dolph (HOORAY) and unlike the first one there is only one nude scene whereas in the 1st one there is a lot (I'm still haunted by the scenes of # 1) also the actors this has some talent whereas in one of the first casting men being sadis (if you do not believe I watch it up)
