After seeing Shittier's low-budget version of the "Universal Soldier" franchise, I was expecting and praying that Van Damme dared her role as Luc Devoreaux in a second Unisol movie. Well, it looks like this prayer has been answered, but not the way I was hoping. Universal Soldier 2 is just as intense as reading poetry in your local library. No, even that would be more intriguing. The sequel to the top-notch battles, Bruce Lee's quality, which is the only factor redeeming in this whole pathetic excuse for a motion picture. That and former WCW legendary legend "Goldberg" plays the cruel. However, placing Goldberg as the sidekick lieutenant would be the best. <br /> <br /> We ran away from me the most was the setting of the movie itself. It's like some movie school students cast it together. The scheme holes that are larger than the month Kanye West are what really made this film in. For example: Lucas's daughter, Hillary looks at her at least 11-13 years old and the movie is filmed first seven years ago. How is it possible? Tell me that! Part of which Luc's partner was killed off and turned into a Unisol is just re-goddamn diculous! You mean to tell me there was an experimental Unisol exposed to the naked in the basement of the research complex at the beginning of the movie. C'mon. The director was spending more time with this movie as the first one and sewn all the holes drawn off. But, oh noo! <br /> Talk of the plot and hit! Compared to the first movie, Universal Soldier 2 scheme is watered down and void. Where's the bravest emotion in which a Unisol goes berserk a re-worrying his latest memo in a supermarket racket thinking its desert storm or something? This was the dawn of the Millennium, you would attract more to an audience if this took place in a dystopia / Orwellian kind of future cesspit. Corny is the correct adjective to describe sad, sad, sad. <br /> In what I saw: Double Impact, Under Siege 2, Robocop 3, and Hell, The same cheap-donkey / no class Terminator knock-off "Class of 1999" is much more fun than this !
