In its illustration of a miserably miserable underclass, this film was probably well-known in its day. However, I get to feel that neuroscalism has never really been the director of the Sica bag, since here she decided to try and create some sort of modern fabricated Central around a boy found in a cabbage patch by a beloved of the country. After spending most of her childhood in an orphanage, Toto ends up living in a shantytown in Milan. He organizes residents of community action, and keeps their spirits up in swan around with an annoyingly constant smile on his face and testing them on their time tables. That nobody tells him where his table timber is beyond me, as these people have the most important things to think about, such as where the next Pot Noodle is coming from. Anyway, De Sica then uses a sublimely subtle dramatic device in order to emphasize exactly why these poor soda locations are located. It all went down to capitalism of course, and in order to illustrate this, it was pervading to discover a source of oil on their land. Brilliant! His credit, though, at the moment he gave up on making a movie, and the capitalists appear like serious cartoons, all fur coats and cigars. They want that country, but our math hero will not support these nonsense. Not a lucky stroke of luck, old, guardian of the dead from the patch patch days appearing in the sky and giving him a magical pigeon. He uses it to shower shower on his companions, who prove as vicious as the cigar guys. I ruled this movie was a missed opportunity. To address the poverty theme, as many film makers do until then, and then get caught in a fairy tale, make me look like a bit daft. How come 'big' directors get away and draw similar kids like what we see here? Hans Christian Anderson would probably have balked in the idea of ​​having the poor folk flying on the Milan Duomo and on to a higher place on broomsticks. De Sica, however, is proclaimed as a genius for this purpose. Surely the fact that these people are so poor, that their faith is enswerving, and that miracles never happen, is enough for any Teller history to work on.
