When I was 16 I saw the documentary: "Something funny happened on the road to the moon". I actually liked, and believed in it for a couple of years. But then I grew up, and began to think, and when I was looking for more information. This is: more information from reel sources, and unassigned sources. When I started at university, not so long ago, I asked an assistant-assistant professor of astronomy about these scheme theory. What he said shocked me: He said that all the theories lie. That discourages me, I did not believe it at first, but then it presented evidence of his claim. He quickly debunked most of the theories on the subject: "people did not go to the moon". The most outraged claims were that the Apollo-craft could not travel through Van-Allen-Radiation-Belt, without the crew perish in radiation. The truth is that Americans use an aluminum anti-radiation-alloy secretion. It's not well-known. And the precise specifications are a secret. And why is a secret: Well, why should it reveal it back then ?? If they are in a space race with the Russians, then it would be very mute to reveal that they had new technologies that could protect radiation crew. <br /> Then there is the biggest evidence at all: Moon Rock. When Apollo's mission went to the moon, they brought many stones to the moon, giving geologists and similar scientists, documenting everything on the moon. These stones and rocks are in fact from the moon. Because: The basic internal elements, which all subjects composed of, are also made of special isotopes, which differ from career careers, country countries, and especially planet from planet. The isotopes of these stones and rocks have been favored, that they are not out of the ground. Astronauts brought home HUNDREDS in kilograms of these stones, all of which were proven to have been out of the ground, and from the same planet. Ergo: Moon landing is not fake. NASA went to another planet: the moon, though not a planet, but a satellite on a planet, a moon (duuh). These stones were distributed through laboratories and universities throughout the world. It proved: People went to the moon - it is a reality, pronto. <br /> But I'm not worried: most conspiracy-theorists are generally unemployed and unkult, especially those why they do not know or lie about these facts. The reality remains: People walked on the moon.
