From it's uninspiring title to the acting performance act, Curdled is a lot of unremarkable films at all. The film has become some fans by way of the fact that the Quentin Tarantino name is attached to it, with the comic and out of place nod to Rodriguez / Tarantino flicker movie 'From Dusk to Dawn'. Things do not make a big movie, however, and this is more than obvious all the way to 'Curdled'. The film suffers from a lack of all too obvious ideas, and attempts to mask this and murder people who are meant to be stylish and events that are supposed to be disturbing. The Mexican music note that accompanies many of the sequences of the film obviously means to be cool, but it's become annoying very fast; especially aside from the fact that the lead character is Mexican, it does not fit with the tone of the movie. The film scheme is typically offbeat and follows a gorehound that, because of his mania and grisly murder, takes a job with a company that cleans the scene of murder. It sounds boring and it is. William Baldwin is 'not only' on the cast list, and even does not make an impression. He has not given anything to the movie and aside from talking to his victims and standing around trying to look menacing, it is pretty much wasted. Angela Jones, or rather; The taxi driver from Pulp Fiction, took the lead role as murder of the woman, and it is still clear that his involvement with Pulp Fiction has been that role, not the ability to act. He could be good enough in his role in the Tarantino, but he does not have the talent to lead a movie by himself. It seems lost and out of place for the majority of the movie, and if it did not accentuate her Latino; he would not convince the audience that he is a weirdo on any level. Curdled is a hundred percent-proof piece of forgettable garbage. Movies like this often have themselves praising for invention or black antique funny; but this one fails at all levels. If you are a fan of Tarantino, fan of William Baldwin, horror fans or just a movie movie; This one is missing.
