Johnny Weissmuller's final film as 'King of the Forest', after 16 years of the role, TARZAN AND MERMAIDS, is bound to disappoint all but most cowardly of his fans. In the 44-year-old Olympian, one of Hollywood's most active animals, was long past the thin athlete at his youth and looked tired (although he was in much better condition than in his previous entry, , TARZAN and the HUNTRESS). <br /> Not only Weissmuller has become too old for his role; Johnny Sheffield, excellent 'boy', grew up in manhood (she was a 17-year old strapping), so she wrote out of the script, under the pretext of being 'going to school'. Brenda Joyce, in 35, appeared in her fourth film in five films such as 'Jane' (she would give the transition when Lex Barker became the new Tarzan in the 1949 TARZAN'S MAGIC FOUNTAIN) and was still as sexy ever . <BR> <br /> Produced by Smaller Lots, at RKO, on a budget, minuscule, cast and crew took advantage of cheaper jobs by filming in Mexico. While the location of a Drug Air definitely in what was supposedly darker Africa, veteran director Robert Florey used the land, incorporating diving cliffs and a Aztec temple in the history. <br /> When a young island girl (Tyrone Next Bride Linda, Linda Christian) rescued from a jungle river by Tarzan, she learns that a high priest (George Zucco, one of the most endangered bandits) was virtually slave the local population, threatens punishment from a 'living' God if it does not make its bid. The girl was chosen to become the 'God' bride, so she fled. Faster than you can say 'Is this a mute or what?', The girl kidnapped by the priest and henchmen back to the island, with Tarzan, followed by Jane, colorful 'character Benjy character' spiritually played by John Laurenz, which sings several tunes), and a government commissioner to take over the godless and priest (poor Cheeta left behind). After a series of discoveries ('God' is simply a con man in an Aztec mask, working with the priest of the insidious wealthy beard island), a bit of brawling action, and comic relief and singing by Benjy, everything comes to expect happy conclusion. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, the TARZAN AND MERMAIDS features a musical note from the brilliant composer, Dimitri Tiomkin, and is far better than what you would expect from this movie 'B'! While the movie would give a less-than-favorable end to Weissmuller's time in Tarzan's infant (he would immediately go to play Jim Jungle, a more fluent interpretation of the Ape Man, of the Kakis) talent involving lifting products In general at least a little above the total mess he could. Tarzan was about to get a make over, and become a lot sexier ...
