On the way back from IMC6 (San Jose, California), all five (your ideas, three of us fans of Kamal fans) have reached a unanimous verdict; VV was solid crap and thanks to the movie we were going to have a nice aiming up Monday. Not to mention, we swore to stay in theaters for the next year. <br /> I will not blame Kamal here because it sort of dropped a hint in a recent interview with Ms. Cartoon (on Vijay TV). He said something like, "Tamizh Cinema's Photography, Editing 'Namba Munnera'na Maadri's Screenplay, Direction, Acting in the Muslim Namba" (Tamil Cinema grew in terms of Photography and Editing, but we hardly improving, when it comes to Screenplay, Directorate and Acting ".) While you are watching VV, these ring words are very true. Now here are 10 Reasons to hate this movie: <br /> < 1. Harris Jeyaraj <br /> <br /> 2. Harris Jeyaraj <br /> <br /> 3. Harris Jeyaraj I barely keep myself in using expletives here, but fact is that HJ has mastered a good The knife moves up every recent film in it (remember 'Anniyan', 'Ghajini') and the cacophony jaws, it bills as background music. The next time I have a sting transplant, it has paid for it. <br / > <4. Do not sing songs to help move movie narratives in spatially / temporarily or to make you sit and take notice. The movie feels like it did in four very long songs and a few scenes thrown in between them. r /> 5. A short walk away. The best VV is fit to be a short story, not a 2-hour more "thriller". To use a stereotype here, like the Energizer Bunny it goes on and over and over; Only in this case you do not want it. The later part of a movie feels like a big drag. Kamal-Jothika pairing Two cube glasses rubbed together could produce more sparks than this lead to permutation. There is no reason that you would be rooted in doing it together. In fact each time they get together in the second half of the movie, they make a good irritation in the narration. Hate says, but Kamalini Mukerjhee's 10 minute romance makes more than that Kamal and Jothika realize in this film more 'Thenali'. Kamal Haasan's accent Kamal has a pretest accent that nobody speaks either in India or in the United States; and it's not new either. He did it since Thoongadae Thambi Thoongadae. It's simply getting on the nerves. Imagine what could have caused her flair when using this unusual accent to satisfying shootings in the US. He does not leave him in Immigration either, offering his men's advice dose (disorder TN cops from Keeranor, Sathoor and beyond) to escape Kamanglish ("Wha we're here is the worst police woke") neck and nauseating effects. <br /> 8. Logic There are a few directors you expect to stand to a certain scale. Gautam fails us seriously with some poor performance in common sense departments. That D.C.P in the sense he would satisfy his love interests in the streets to discuss such matters as committing himself and after life! The scene inside the theater was so bad, towards the highest point; we could hear those behind us well-challenged IQ Heroes. "Is she stupid, can not she just use her Siren or Light?" (On a busy Madras road, Kamal-cop-on-a-police-jeep chases a guy on a bicycle just like any ordinary tip!). "Is not he just using his weapon?" ("The guy on a bicycle" starts on foot and we have a completely visual Kamal in hot pursuit for a considerable amount of time). I do not vote in favor of the later, but I'm just trying to explain the mood inside. Gore & Violence If I wanted to look at women being raped, the throats are getting daunting, more women are getting raped and dropping into bushes and authenticity, I'd sit at home and instead look at a "Police Report" or "Kuttram" . The use of excessive violence should go in a way to extend the story, do not cover it! Somewhere down the line Gautum seems confused about what the extensions (rape, murder) are and what the main (story) is! Even an espresso double shot could not get the pain from the head.
