This is probably the most delayed 80 slasher ever realized, but how you can have harsh on a movie that features images that do not stop in dozens of gorgeous and exhilarating ladies wearing aerobic body, taking shower and wandering on in tight gym team? Before being a horror movie, "Aerobicide" is a 90 minute video promo promoting the use of steroids, silicone and other body-stimulating physical products. If you would leave out all the footage of hunky boys' lifting weights and girls yummy wiggling gowns and racks in the 80's insuperable tune, there are probably only about 15 minutes of history left. Much time to impress a plot on a sadistic killer to kill young-freaks and a great security peak (yeah ??). The film opens with a hilarious involuntary scene of a girl getting fry between an electric sunbathing device. Several years later people turn up dead at the same spa. You do not really need an experienced horror fan or a face rock scientist know there is a link between those who kill them and the incident burns, right now? Investigating the case is a police officer braindead (with Charles Napier look-alike!) With a private beefcake detective who gets lucky and the beauty 80 beauty I've ever seen! Looking at the credits, Dianne Copeland's name apparently, and he did not do any other thing apart from this turkey and a scuffle trumpet movie called "Nazi surfers must die". What an opportunity to waste! He might not have been a great actress, but he has two other BIG advantages that would help him move equal to business shows. The amount of gore and the quality of make-up effects are nothing special, nor. We treat in a couple of stab knots and a comb and some barbecued human meat. The twisting scheme near the end is ridiculous and predictable, but by that time nobody will take the movie seriously again, anyway. "Aerobic" (a.k.a. "Killer Assistance") is recommended in case you want to change all your brain's functions for one night but still feel like watching a movie! It actually would make a terrific double-feature and "Spa Spa". Both movies have a lot of sexy and hurt little dresses? And both movies are very mute.
