I saw "Paris Je T'Aime" because a friend really wanted to see her and I went along with him. Going, I was indifferent to the movie, but leaving the theater I really regret to wasting 2 hours of my life sitting in this tepid production. The "stories" are almost completely forgettable except for the fact that most of them were awful. What does Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara have to do with Paris? The endless parade of American actors most definitely gives this French movie a remarkably non-French feel. The clichés about Paris were endless. Yes, many of them played with clichés about Paris but do not spend much time doing fun in French clues, they directly and regrettably encourage them once more. Yes, Paris is the city of love. We found it. The worst segments were: the one directed by Wes Craven (Oscar Wilde); one with Nick Nolte; mim the one (the worst?); produce one hair; one with Juliette Binoche (Willem Dafoe as a cowboy among Paris?); the vampire one (When I think in Paris I think of Eliya Wood). One and Natalie Portman, who really looked like a trading mentos and was stupid (the young man's blind should know that Portman was just playing a party when he called it). About them, and about it. It felt endless. <br /> I do not like the one Coen Bros as well. It really plays with these Parisien shady but I did not find it funny. Just annoying. The Gus Van Center Center was interesting but it was so weak (and the punch was obvious) that it barely registered. There were only two "successful" segments and one of the immigrant newspapers that left the baby in a kindergarten only in a baby babysitter for a rich woman. Nice ironi there. And the segment on the African stabbed. It is the best segment of the whole movie but this segment has nothing to do with Paris. This story could be done in any city around the world. The last segment, the one with women among women of age was kinda interesting too but the signal tone was bad. They wanted to celebrate but limited in French, but the segment came as slaves. <br /> <br /> The whole project felt compelled and uninspired. Almost like the French government sponsored this film encourages tourists. All in all, with just about 10 to 15 minutes of exciting stuff, "Paris Je T'Aime" was a terrible experience of cinemas.
