My wife and I just finished this movie and I came on IMDb commerce and reviews that found this movie less than satisfactory. However, in the 10 pages of review, only a handful of negative. I feel that this movie is a great concert has gone horribly curved and I want to warn people looking to watch the movie in the future. <br /> I admit, I'm more inspired to write reviews when I do not like a movie than like when I did, so I little to review them all negative. Still, this does not mean I'm partial towards not enjoying a movie, but I often get more and more easy to read reviews in movies I love. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime is my most pretent film you see in years. Using a "smart" concept and attaching some great talent to a couple of WAY's many short stories, the movie ends up the worst of all worlds. It is art for art, but something that a 2 year old could dream up and accomplish. Give the King's Director Free of 5 minutes of screen time to prove why there is a division of work even in entertainment. Director can not write, writes can not be direct. (I would like to throw off that Clint Eastwood is overrated, but that's because he's a director of turning actors {that rarely works, either}). What ends up on the screen is a mess of disruption in short stories that makes no sense, not completed in 5 minutes and in total, spoiling my Paris. Why call it Paris je t'aime when a more titled head is f * ck? There are only a couple of watch stories, most notably the piece by Alfonso Cuarón, but everything else will fall into obscure. Coen brothers are short, but can you name a movie of theirs who do not have a scene with a guitar pick? It's as if all the directors decide on doing whatever he wants to do and choosing Paris as the place to do it. As we all love Paris, present companies include, we are blinded by the fact that this film SUCKS. In fact, I think they put the names of the directors on each of the shorts because the guys have seen how poor this film is to make sure they were only blaming for 5 minutes. Seriously. SERIOUSLY. <br /> <br /> People, Natalie Portman is NOT a good actress. It is not a girl pixie dreams waiting to be you. With Maggie Gyllenhaal, why?! Are you acting or just performing performance from other movies? I look at you Natalie Portman (State Garden, Closer), Eli Wood (Sin City) and Catalina Sandino Moreno (Maria Full of Favor). <br /> <br /> One final comment on acting: I give Nick Nolte's kudos to act and looking more humane than you have at age or maybe ever again. Finding her short on youtube as her 5 minutes is quite enjoyable. <br /> <br /> Writing short stories is very difficult and only a handful of authors have gotten it right. I think Ernst Hemingway, Raymond Carver, F. Scott Fitzgerald, and Jan Cheever, just to name a few. It's harder than writing a novel filled with only really talented to accomplish this. The same can be said about short films. It appears that one director lives on in the stories of history. If you defend Paris as a gem to be discovered and reflected in your own lens and your own story, then do not expect to enjoy this movie at all. The directors either did not care or were lazy. In any scenario, by the time you read this this means you rent it. Praise you do not pay 10 dollars a head in the theater.
