On the surface, this film would appear to deal with the psychological process called individually, that's how to become a self true not to embrace the so-called 'dark' side of human nature. So, we have the Darkling, a classic devilish devilish creature desperately seeking the company (that is, recognition) of men, and the story revolves around the various ways in which this bus needs, more or less successfully. However, if we dig a little deeper, we find that this movie is actually about is how you should relate to your car as you would anyone else: - at the opening stage, the main character (male mechanic machine fell out of favor) is collecting bits and pieces of debris machines with his daughter, when a wrecking machine almost breaks the little girl. Lesson # 1: Cars are people incorporated with immortal souls, and steal from identical car debris and stealing robbers. The villains diverted their dead and punished them. - Just after that, another character (Rubin) bought a car collision idea to repair it and sell it as a once-lost-now-get famous race-machine and was warned by the seller. Lesson # 2: Just like anyone else, a car has a unique identity that can not change or replace. In addition, the twist that Rubin actually sees a hidden quality of what most people would just think of as junk, but eventually that quality turns out to be a projection of personal Rubin's own greed for more profits . Lesson # 3: You should never treat your car as a medium, but always as an end to itself. - Then we have the scene where the main character is introduced Rubin and, most importantly, the car Rubin: The main character's assessment of the car's type is not only based on its external appearance, but also by a good look inside the engine room. Lesson # 4: A car is not just to be judged by its looks, it is what inside is really counting. There is punishment in stores for those who do not keep this lesson in mind, as we see in the scene where someone else tries to sell Rubin a fake collector car. This scene along the way also emphasizes the importance of lesson # 3. <br /> <br /> There are many other examples of the movie in 'car = people' theme, and I'm too tired now they need to bother citing all of them, but the point remains (and I guess this is what I really are trying to say) that this movie is fun to look if you have absolutely nothing else to do - or, if you're a car dedicates.
