Near the close stages of Baby Mama, one of the central characters goes on describing the basic description of everything that came before and summarized that it was all just a mess'; I really could not say it any better than that. And while the feature has its odd rails in hope every now and again, the vast majority of what is present is too neutered to be considered relevant and too unremarkable to be worth any time. A substandard dropping, world script and wave, character caricature ensures that baby Mama certainly is not fiscal about the ol 'noggin, but it never makes up for this in its proposed sense of humor. Consistent mainly on many routines, joking odds based on an odd couple (rich and poor) trying to live with each other as they prepare to bring a baby into the world, the movie is quite esoteric so far delivers out laughing out pretty statistics its thin. <br /> As a story about finding love, it's not that bad, but playing this line draws as a side story of the type of work along with comedy-oriented pair of odd couples, characterization is notably weak, causing a romance hot never bubbles. As the top characters, both central handsets are glittering fun when they are put together in small spaces, but when they leave alone quickly unravel and make the loopholes; So while we can eventually come to the character's interaction and each other fun at times, the comedians never branch behind distant chuckles; We do not feel for the characters and do not find them naturally interesting, but rather the dynamics. Unfortunately, however, although this dynamics works better, or at least better than the individualized individuals, as mentioned above, it rarely stems outside of the typical limits of the odd-couple formula. Kate (Tina Fey) is a successful business woman who employed working class, dumb-blonde Angie (Amy Poehler) to be replaced easily, and after Angie decided to leave hopeless husband Carl ( Dax Shepard), both eventually have to learn to live together despite the obvious differences. Yes, it's typical odd-couple quotes, and one that we've already seen this year in what happens in Vegas, but what Mama baby misses that the aforementioned movie has both chemistry between performers and characters semi-layer. Kate and Angie both fail to show a lot of an outdoor personality in two-dimensional plans and as such both performers are neglected to play out the role that requires chemistry to produce from thin air. In fact, only the real movie performance engages with characters from the underused talents of Romany Malco that gets lumbered and plays a door-man. In the few times that I laughed during Mama's baby, most of those times were because of that, and the rest usually fell to Shepard. It is rare in course to find a movie that defines its script term in the way that its world is shot and presented to us in the camera, and yet director Michael McCullers goes on screen screen effectively enough. But for a movie about baby, multi-million dollar business and cultured stereotypes, this is not necessarily a good thing. Baby Mama is class-A, hammy, plastic guide-town and making capital-topped with sugar. So, not only did I feel emotionally far away from the characters because of the two-dimensional nature, but I simply did not care for the world to stay. The dialogue, along with sets, costumes, and script's general themes are painted in pastel blocks and pink so much that all shades of humanity are lost in the perpetual director's need to make his film feel like a neutered fantasy; what are not characters and that is not our world in any way? So why should I care? At the end of the day however, an ultimate romantic comedy's comedy of success or failure comes down its purely chemistry between its love interests, and frequency of its laugh; Baby Mama has little to go in to any of these departments. Of course they say that the movie is without any value at all would be unfair. I'm sure female audience of a similar ship as Kate lead character can get a slight kick from the procedures, but anyone else will probably just feel numb and probably bored. In this respect Mama's baby avoids being unbearable, but never persuaded in being anything remarkable or worthy of looking at anyone outside of his immediate audience; a comedic dude and a romantic imbalance, Baby Mama's too light-headed to be interesting and too deep to be fun. <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
