** SPOILERS *** Slow as mummy movie molas involved the exercise of the Kings Valley in Egypt which must be announced in order to maintain native populace, which at the time rebelled against British rule, from finding out about it There's the job to go to this archaeological excavation by British superiors. Storm, Mark Dana, and a couple of British soldiers and Ms. Sylvia Quentin, Diane Brewster, the wife of the head of the villager Robert Quentin, George N. Neise, made their way to the mama's grave. On the way there Captain Sylvia Storm and his men run in this desert princess such as Simira, Ziva Rodann. <br /> <br /> Simira seems to be abnormal in his ability to withstand the rigors of desert life, drinking water or getting tired, but also knowing just what's looking. Storm & Co are looking for and warns him and his band to stay away from the digging of Ra Ha Tet Tomb, as far as possible. <br /> <In Ra Ra Tet's funeral room, Robert Quentin and his crew of the archaeologist along with Egypt's Simira's guide, Numar, Alvaro Guillot, has already opened his cellar before his arrival. Storm can get there to stop them. Quentin had raped Ra Ha Tet's body when she had Dr. Farrady, Guy Prescott, cut off her bandage. This action on the part of Robert and Dr. Farrady's party has Numar tired dead in his tracks. It later turned out that Numar somehow owned by Ra Ha Tet's mind or soul taken over his body and caused him to age, at the rate of 500 years per hour, becoming himself a 3,000 mummy year old. <br /> The movie has Numar dressed in what looks like a pair of pajamas slinking around Ra Ha Tet's grave and its surroundings attack and suck out the blood in order to survive, like a vampire, to anyone humans or animals that he came in contact with. This bloody sucking adventure by Numar, with her later losing her right arm, goes on for some time until now Crazy Quentin tries to get the entry, or in fact thought he had already found it, in the tomb of Ha The fact that the kill itself is an indoor rock slip. <br /> We learn at the end of the film that Numar, in surprise absolutely no one, actually Ra Ha Tet reincarnated to another, some 3,000 years later, people or life. Sister Numar's seductive and sexy Simra is not just Ra Ha Tet's sister, since he and Numar are really one with the same person, but also the Egyptian Cat Goddess Babesti! It is also not difficult to figure out. <br /> With Numar / Ra Ha Tet back to her grave and all the deaths, due to Pharaoh's curse, now at the end of the Captain. Storm Sylvia and whatever left its inhabitants and late Robert Quentin's expedition archaeological trek back to Cairo and modern, this in 1902, civilization. The survivors of Ra Ha Tet curse keep what they have found, and to harden, only to themselves since no one believes them anyway.
