I saw film at the Belgrad Film Festival last week, and I'm still working on the trauma. Essentially I look like to match a number of others - the first half hour was cool, sharp, deep, fun and promising. Well also acted. Natural. My problem, however, is not simply with the fact that the final hour and a half of the movie has nothing to do with the beginning easy, nor the fact that I've spent most of this time convulsion of agony in sharp, gray industrial sound and incredibly sporty, safe, bread-grinder hag. It instead of the fact that they never warned me !!! The festival brochure brochure describes only (first incident-sounding) first half hour - a whore, piano soloist and seller cat cats in a bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, genetic engineer, and petty government administration officials, respectively - Do not mention anything that never ends-gum-smoker comes. Serving me the right not to read them, you might say - but in my defense, a number of reviews I look post-realistically do not have at all the intense stress and skepticism uttered in the major part of the movie. /> <br /> The first hint should be the words introduced by the director (a bashful, tingle-haired Russian youth) who stepped in front of the auditorium stacked (the movie seems to be incredibly critically and ticketed They were sold well in advance of the screening, though most of the audience seemed to be unaware that I was in pain coming up, judging by a lot of quiet moans and groans that absolutely perverted the theater during the last half the hour, and lots of fantasy comments on exit) say the following: 'Well, I ... um, thank you for coming to see this movie, and I just mean ... well, it's a pretty movie Long ... it took me four years to do it, and ... it's .. I suggest that you see it and immediately try to forget about it. It's very long. Thanks for coming. 'This is what he said. Alarm bells should be ringing. 'What is it talking about?' I thought of happy confusion. 'This will be fun!' Of course, by the time its foreign commentary began to make sense of me, it was far too late to get out. All I could do is strain in increasing agony until the lights are coming again. And in the end I can not say I feel in any way improved by the experience. Yes, I absolutely love the first half hour. It was intelligent, new, and it was a lot to say. And yes, Russia is probably in a bad state. Yes, every society has many faces hidden. Yes, safe life in barren deserts is probably unimaginably difficult. Yes yes. I find all these things. Really I do. But I do not see any grounds on earth why art and their meaning should be so agonizingly drawn out, and so painfully wear. If you want to see a land movie somewhere between the extremes of glitzy fantastic fantastic fantasy and hours of weaving vodka weaving, try Korean-Chinese Jip in Jip (3-Iron). It's artsy and surprising, but also in-the-point with pleasure.
