I begin to think that there is a plot, all right: one involving a loop of money to pay people who have access to publishing columns of newspapers and films and art magazines to ensure that this or that film, despite its observation, will reach a higher statue through an evaluation point that will tag it with a "universal reputation" or something in that row, thereby ensuring those unsuspecting (like me) wandering into the theater or renting the bloody stuff , waiting for a surprise, only to find myself racing in the upchuck toilet. <br /> <br /> This movie is one of them. It has definitely made me to bypass any and every item posted I come across because it is rather clear that two things can happen: either I did not find the message that is so hidden underneath this movie as to be impossible to access , or I and I have looked at the completely different movies that happened to share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. It's not surprising that it has appeared and disappears faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rating he received on Metacritic, no one has heard of it. It is terrible with sugar on top. <br /> <br /> Firstly, there is the ever-present card number from start to finish. While she has a little symbols here and there's okay, and she's done with various successes in well-known movies, this film is panting with her. Dog card at the start of the movie, look at the camera in a street street before suddenly, the first drop car and the RIP amount opens the asphalt. Four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-profit entity. Three of them go apart except they are linked, not only with one another but in what their lives are not. While this concept can work, the film meanders many - particularly with the history of the model-playing by Marina Vovchenko who goes into the territory of extremely rare, and not in a great way - that the first term gets lost in translation. Or maybe, as I said before, I just "did not get it." The problem also lies in this time much happening over the Marina's history (which turns on the death of her sister, from bread-milling, no less, and the subsequent mourning that follows) that any interest in the bra Of course, followers without a trace. So what if the terrible stories that three strangers change to a bar seem to have a truth of their own? The director does not invest much time in really tied together, or receives a tightening story that might be, in a way that David Lynchian, crosses either with the past-present, or the alternate dimension, or even as a simple, widespread science - Fiction story. This is a tough fight against an impassable wall that only a saint (or someone in the strange for the sake of the strange) could keep.
