Perhaps being an old Moscovite myself and having an elastic sense of humor prevents me from taping this movie into the 'trashcan arthouse / festival crap'. It's not the greatest movie in 2005, nor is it complete garbage. It just has a lot of trouble. I also sincerely doubt this movie was banned due to any 'ideological fear,' or 'Conservative Tabo' or any other reason that this film could be conversely called 'courageous' and 'compromise' abroad. It was forbidden because the censors knew 99% of the Russian movie-viewers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the shooting and editing of this otherwise dull movie. <br /> So we have a strong shot injection. Beautiful sound design, excellent quotes - packed with meaning and symbolism. L 'and placement of the symbols will always be in most of the movie's films (not that number 4 is a daunting visual challenge). Over the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong configuration. An amusing and well-written conversation among 3 (the main character), and we feel pathos for these people, the great country of Russia, the human condition and all that. Then the movie begins to slow down. We begin to ask what's dried-before. <br /> The rest is quite boring, simply put. Sure, the guy in the village tugs the heartstrings, and there are some moments a little fun. Good sound, be sure. But the fun of this film, not to mention the plot, seriously compromised by the racon issues. Then this lack of a set of rules (nicely-injected) misery and weakness, which ultimately will make people angry at the 'offensive' thing (personally, the main offensive scene is prohibited from being enduring , in which way sad innocence can appear). <br /> <br /> If you want to watch an enjoyable movie where Russians get wasted for extended periods of time (the whole movie), look at the National Hunting Particle. Many more rewarding post-Soviet things. So, a 4 out of 10 for 4, beautiful and symbolic of my post-mediocre-movie condition.
