MALE IN THE ROLE is one of those movies that has a behind-scenic story that is more interesting than the movie itself. This was the tenth acting Chaplin for Keystone during his year of learning, with its first two regulars. Here he plays one of the last-out-of-out roles (although the feature-length ROMAN PUNCTURED TILLIE has not yet arrived), and has also highlighted one last time he would work for a director other than himself . In fact, Chaplin's Conflict with director and co-star Mabel Normand almost got him out of the studio. <br /> <br /> Chaplin has not gotten along with his earlier director, Henry Lehrman and George Nichols, but according to his autobiography that took the direction of a "little girl" was the last straw. Charlie and Mabel argued bitterly during this film. Chaplin was still a new one in Keystone and his colleagues did not know what to do to him, but everyone loved Mabel. Producer Mack Sennett was on his way to shooting Chaplin when he learned that the new movie was caught and the exponents wanted more of them asap, so Chaplin promised the chance to direct himself in return for finishing this film Mabel wanted li. <br /> Unfortunately, none of that drama is visible on the MABEL screen at the wheel, which looks like Keystone typically. The story concerns an auto race in which the Mabel beau (Harry McCoy) is scheduled to compete, but cruel Charlie and his henchmen kidnap the boy, and Mabel must take the wheel in place. For all the racing around, hurling bricks and fingers-biting films are honestly short on street, but there are a few points of interest. There are some good movies and corrections in the race sequence, though there is really no gag, just lots of frantic activities. Chaplin himself looks odd, sporty as a goat-like goat on his chin and wearing head hat and frock dress he's wearing in his very first movie appearance, making a living, but the outfit villainy suit in the old- fashionable it all shows. At least it's the novel to watch him play as an uncharacteristic role. Visible to the positions of the race track such as Keystone Stalwarts as Chester Conklin, Edgar Kennedy in an unusual dandified find-up, with a feature more Mack Sennett, spitting tobacco and doing his usual absolute routine. As a scene, Sennett was over as subtle as the movies he produced, but you must give the guy credit: he knew what people liked. These films were widely popular in the days. Mack's performance does not add much to MABEL's in the wheel, but it probably has to be handled for filming in this one to ensure that his star did not kill each other.
