Who could possibly wanted for an end to the legendary legendary Bert I. Gordon legendary legendary "Food of the Gods"? Nobody, of course, but the director of Damien Lee thought it was a good idea, anyway, and put together a charging end that is meant to be one of the most horror stories of the horror stories. "Gnaw" is an end to not only, as the environment moves to a typical 80's late (university campus) location and also the cheap and cheesy effects perfectly featuring the 80's. This script hangs together by clicking, awfully writes dialogs and drawings that are not so stolen to steal other (and more successful) classic horrors. Neil Hamilton is a good thing of shoe-growing science-experiments on ordinary rodents in order to make a fellow scientist a favor. Due to some activist rights actively stupid, the big rats and ravens escape and devour pretty much everyone on campus. After the good old tradition of "Mach" Spielberg began, there is a reckless Dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severe corpses turn around. During a grotesque climax, the rats invaded the opening ceremony of the new sports complex campus! "Gnaw: Food of the Gods 2" is terribly bad and therefore a lot of fun to look! Characters to say and tell unimaginably stupid things (such as descending into the sewers without arms while they KNOW it's infested with rats), the act is atrophy and there's a really rare sequence involving the sex hero under the influence of serum growth! I wonder what the Freud theory should be about! Have a satisfied amount of gore and sleaze with ?? he should say ?? The music is amazing atmospheric. In case you just can not get enough of this junk, there are quite a lot of creatures that spin on mutated rat, such as the Italian movie smock "Rat: Night of Horrors", 70 modest films of "Willard" and Its blaming the end of "Ben", the 2003 "Willard" renewal begins with Crispin Glover and the surprisingly good-lasting rat-cinema by once-famous director Tibor Ticaks ("Rat") and John Lafia ("The Rats"). Go black!
