After some internet surfing, I found the "Homefront" series on the ioffer.com DVD. Before anyone excited, the DVD set I got was burned by an amateur from home video tape recorded off of the TVs 15 years ago. Resolution and quality are poor. The images seem like you would expect the old re-recorded video to watch. Although the ads have been edited out, the credits ending in every episode still have voice-over ads for the segment of the ABC news "Nightline" news program, complete with top news headlines from the early 1990s. Even with the poor image quality, the show was watch-able and the sound quality was fine. Credit shows that the cast was almost perfect. Everyone was credible and really looked at the part. Acting was also higher than average. The role of Jeff Metcalf was played particularly well by Kyle Chandler (most recently seen in the 2005 rumor of King Kong). The period costumes were very authentic as were these sets, especially the 1940s kitchen and vintage and decorative appliances. The direction was also creative and different for a TV show at that time. For example, conversations between characters were sometimes inter-cut and conversation on the same subject between other characters in different scenes. Dialogue in conversations has been different to keep fluid despite cutting back and fourth between the different characters and places. It takes good direction and correction and did it work in this case. <br /> As I started watching this series again I suddenly remembered why I lost interest in it 15 years ago. Despite all the ingredients for a fine show, the plots and story lines are disappointing and confusing right from the start. For one thing, the name of the show itself is totally misleading. When WWII ended in 1945, there was no further battle so obviously was no longer a "home" either. Curiosity, the first episode of the show "Homefront" began in 1945 after the war ended. It's like shooting the first episode of the "Gilligan Island" showing their cast their savings. The whole site of the omonery show is completely lost. I always keep on hoping and the possibility of the rest of the series being a flashback but no, the whole show takes place from 1946 to 1948. In addition, this series fails miserably in any attempt to show all historical events in the late 1940s. By the third episode, it became evident that this series was nothing more than a clear machine for an ultra left-wing political left. The show is set in the River Run Ohio, near Toledo. However, rally theme shows the show making it look more like Jackson Mississippi than Ohio. Part of the cast of ensembles is Dick Williams, Hattie Winston and Sterling Macer Jr. which shows Davis's family. Many of the series show Davis's family was discriminating against the "white" evil at the point of being ridiculous and totally absurd if not ridiculous. The racist cat played and played by Hollywood now for more than 40 years. We found it. We are also tired of having our noses rubbed in it on a daily basis. The subject of racism is also popular with viewers and it is the kiss of death for any show, as it was for "Homefront". The acting actors of Williams, Winston and Macer were wasted in their role as the stereotyped "scary / angry family blacks". The excessive racial violence in this series makes it seem like everyone in Ohio was a member of KKK or something. The racist problem can be addressed in this show of a single episode with a simple punch of the nose or battle-point in which a bigot gets a well deserved crushed, and leaves it at that. Starting a great part of the series of racist stuff has really really been really quick and just plain its stupid. In yet another ridiculous line drawn, the big boss of a local factory (Ken Jenkins) is described as a Scene of Ebenezer such as the pension and increasing accounting and is inconspicuous about acidic flow on his staff. The workers rebelled and took over the factory in a blatant pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think this series had great potential. Writers could easily set the deadline in 1941? 1945 as the title suggests and shows the difficulties in food and fuel rationing and working 14 hours day at factory war. Of course loss of brother, son and husband overseas fighting would also add drama. The situation was also perfect for writing from special guest stars as military or USO personnel passing through cities during training or en route in Europe or the Pacific. The possibilities for good line lines and the endless plots. But no, the writers of Homefront (David Assael and James Grissom) completely ignore any relevant or interesting plot. Instead, they totally miss the point and lose in a bizarre and irrelevant mania with racism and political wing wings. It would be unfair to the actors to condemn the whole series, but the plots and situations in which they were placed are total waste.
