After the huge amount of comments in this film it is clear that there are two types of science-fiction-spectator science. There are those that are good, very literate, and intelligent. They know the story of the genre and most importantly to know what height it can reach from a gifted author. For many years, science fiction lost in baseline literature. Consider my most critical to be little more than history of railroad and alien weapon means for pre-pubesan teenagers. He is very fond of today knowing this story, and he knows great authors Asimov, Heinlein, Bradbury, and Ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of this basement. In doing so they created thoughtful provocative, intelligent stories that extended their boundaries and redefined the human condition. This well-informed reader of anything Hollywood launches into them. They are not critical for his own sake, but look at each offering with an uncertain eye. (As Hollywood's record would have been less than stellar.) For those stories the story must be of superior importance. They can not be deceived by computer graphics graphics, and the sequence of non-stop actions. When the Emperor does not have any clothes to shout it the strongest. The second type of science fiction science science has little knowledge of the writing aspect of the genre. (See many of the comments above that state "Well I have not read the book or anything by this author ...) The total exposure of science fiction is from movies or the channel suffices .. Very uncritical, want to neglect large scheme holes, weaknesses, and thin story lines if they give a healthy dose of action bangs and effects of special effect .. They, in effect, want to close their critical capabilities (or maybe they've never done them!) forever in the movie. Can stand up, I robot. While supposedly based on Asimov's short story and calling after one of his novels, he has little of what Asimov has written and even less of what he has try to tell us about humanity and our creation of the robots (Those in you who will run out and buy me, Robot will be very surprised-this movie is not even based on this story at all!) The movie has holes It's a great idea that you will be able to practice your skills and to discover them for yourself. , which are named after many of the characters Asimov's, owned by the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his story. The plot itself and every section of his action goes against everything the author has stopped for. His belief that humanity possesses ability to solve problems using their spirits, not the points, it is vital to understand its vision in the future. In short, other than the name, they are very little Isaac in anything about this movie. There will always be uncritical people who will declare: "The movie does not like the book. Because of the medium, movies sometimes require changes." But what about a case where the film never tried to stop the book (or books) from the start? What if all this was done in writing was the title? This begs the question: Why do separate a large body of work by hitting it's title on your cow's piece of crap? Save money and do not buy the rights to work. Title it something else. Do not use the character's name. Believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism. In fact it will not matter what you are heading to in the movies that his name accepts everything you throw into it. But he will upset people who he, who thinks, who want to simply let you give them a nice light show. <br /> I, robot, as much of Hollywood's take on the genre, push science fiction back down to this basement he lived in years ago. Hollywood could not do that alone. It takes an incredibly critical audience that will accept dragons like this.
