Yes, Kazaam is one of those horribly bad movies that almost reminds one of the evil and not the kids, but with the humanity. Here we have Shaq as a rapping genius-wi, a rapping genius - where he does everything from doing bad bugs to dress up in ridiculous outfits, all ending in him in a Christlike aspect with much light surrounding him, . So, yes, expect bites really cheesy, including the first wish that a lot of junk foods fell down from the sky (and, regrettably, not knocking out the two main characters, particularly young goat). What could not be expected is that a movie with a kid and Shaquille O'Neill would be so incredibly schmaltzy! The main draw of the film involving this kid, played in that all-too-typical and annoying-kid fashioned by the grand-grandson of Frank Capra (where the kid is called out dialogue above), who comes over a genius who has been trapped in a boom-box. Then, "hiarite apart" as the kid does the Shaq-genius he enslaved to the slave as he waits for the latest of his wishes as he tries to make compensation with his absent-gang-type absent dad. really vampires, son conflicts and daddy stories would be bad enough, as there are certain lines being explained in one million other movies (ie "two chances of life" speech from father and son). But it's Shaquille O'Neill which is both the reason to watch the movie (ironically), and the obvious flowing obvious to it all. She plotted the line involving her, when she did not get the over-talky treatment from Capra, rap in the dialogue and also started her flower recording career. On top of that, he also kicks up ass and takes the name with the main bad guys who want him back to the boom-box. So, have a camping factor in the movie? Until one point, but this is even squashed by all the mosquito scenes and 'heart-feel' moments that really have no business with the rest of the material. One might wonder if the people are doing the movie, who was obviously making it in cowardice in the popularity of a BASKETBALL player who wanted to go on Michael Jordan to act, whether he would be near anywhere decent fun or persuasive. I would expect that they too knew they were just getting paid. But I would expect even more that they felt at least a little bit later guilty of Shaq's food. <br /> So if you want to have a fun night at Shaq as genius-turn-rapper-turn-wisecracker, all the more fun you. Hell, it might even be interesting to have a shaq movie night with this and his other critically sophisticated Steel effort. But if you expect to hold a few brain cells, stay away from what is likely to shake the worst movie in 1996, with a candida among many others for the worst of the 90's.
