Reviewing KAZAAM and saying it is a bad movie is not difficult at all - after all, critics at this time it has fallen all over themselves excoriating this movie - saying it was among the worst films in decades next! So the fact that I say it's bad or anyone else says it's bad is certainly no surprise. It's like someone talking about WWII - practically no one says that was a good thing, right? The question I have no place on IMDb can answer it is "why they did that in the first place?". After all, it's obvious and anyone who is bad in brain injured that the movie would be awful. But movies like ED (a baseball playing chimp), COOL as ICE (starring the vanilla ice ever), TROLL 2 (which does not even have any troll in it), BABY JONES (Baby-like super-stereo Einstain-like ) and PINOCCHIO in OUTER space (huh!!!) Prove that any idea, no matter how dumb, can make it to the big screen! So the idea of ​​вЂ <вЂ <the best basketball player in the starting time as a genius in an objectionable brat small looks downright 'normal'! <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a kid who is beautiful hangers shaved lockers in the hallway of the school. Like the punk from FREE WILLY, this kid is somehow 'misunderstood' (in other words, a total brat) and you know that no matter how selfish and terrible it is, at the end of the movie it will be learn something and grow. Just once, I want to see a punk kid like this to end up in prison or or die at the end of the movie! Eventually, while the neighborhood busts in the middle of his pummeling, the Kazaam's genius (Shaquille O'Neal) is accidentally released and insisted on giving the rooftops the three wishes. But the kid does not believe it with the magic genius looks like a rusty shooter. Eventually the brat realized that Kazaam is for real. However, unlike most children, he kept doing his will, in the meantime, Kazaam is forced to follow him around everywhere - like his own domestic servant. And, according to the cliché, you know that by the end of the movie, Max and Kazaam have become lively entertainment and a bunch of tears will be shed. Oh, and Max will come to terms with her absent father and mother's fiancé (I'll gag). Apparently this engineering is a bit of a social worker in addition to being a grander of willingness. As for Kazaam, Shaquille speaks of the very rhyme of the movie and even takes a rap break ... very badly. I'm a guy of middle-aged white and I think I could probably rap at least as well! It's an amazing basketball player and I've heard it's a nice guy - but a rapper ... there's no way! As far as she acts, she was not great but had such a beautiful personality in the movie that it is difficult to hate her - even if she did it a lot of things very stupid. So, is the movie as excruciatingly terrible as you've probably heard? In the first two thirds of the film, I would say no. Shaquille seemed to try its best with an incredible kid with a bad script. However, later in the movie, the bad one gets amazed - as Kazaam seems too concerned with himself helping the kid when he really needed. And, from nowhere, the plot becomes really, really weird - like the guy who wants to make Kazaam a rap star (?!?!) Turn from an evil mobster! And, strange, this guy seems to accept that Kazaam is a genius without hesitation! <br /> <br /> In addition, the last portion of the film consists of those who are trying to kill Max and his father. I know that the kid was annoying, but this is supposed to be a kids movie !! Which part of 'trying to kill the kid' did not the writers do not understand? Then at one end that may be perhaps the worst movie kids finished in history, Kazaam becomes god or something and he was all like a drug-induced hallucination! This finish was even dumber and weirder than the one in the black hole ... and boy, he made my brain hurt !! Uggghh - the horrific dialogue was just too much bears !!!! <br /> In general, it's a terrible film that is due to mostly writers who have been certified crazy. Yes, folks, with a message messed up, scarce by kid friendly materials and terrible characters, this is one wonder movie. Unfortunately, given the idea and actor, it's hard to imagine the final product turned out worse !! <br /> <br /> By the way, if you want to see a genius in a modern world movie that is good, try the British made for film "Bernard and the Genie" film - a spacious and exceptionally well-written movie from start to finish.
