This film was the first adaptation of Jane Eyre that I ever watched and when I did what I was surprised. So much of the novel was left out and I considered William Hurt to be terribly miscasted as Rochester. Since then, I've watched all the other important adaptations in the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three mini series of '73, '83 and 2006, and I've noticed that there are most adaptations evil and worse Rochesters. <br /> This is undoubtedly the most exquisite Jane Eyre adaptation as far as relevant cinematography. Director Franco Zerifferelli revels in the long snow shot of snow falling from a winter sky, in Rochester alone standing on a rock, and in Jane looking out the window - but it is less good to tell a story and bring character to life. In addition, his script simply scratches the surface of the novel by leaving many important scenes. As a result of the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between Jane and Rochester, and unfortunately it does not include the comic side of the reports. There are a number of short conversations between Rochester and Jane, each of them very well-known, but the couple of the exchange phrases are not sufficient to show the audience that they are drawing with each other. We know that they are supposed to fall in love, but we never see it actually happen. The scene in which Rochester wants to get Jane's reaction to his dilemma by putting his case in hypothetical form before he's injured after Mason's leave is completely missing, and the scene I left us, the most important scene - the climax - In the novel reduced to four sentences. Zerifferelli does not make other scriptwriter errors made in replacing their own own poor writing for Bruntë's superb lines, neither their critics are completely changed and rewritten, but it makes less offensive but at the same end as big mistake in simply leaving many scenes important out. What remains is just a glimpse of the novel, which makes no justice at Charlotte Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> Throw is a Mix Bag: While Fiona Shaw is an excellent Mrs Reed, Jane Paquin's young is more sick-resident, Lolita's daughter than a little lonely little girl, longing for love. Joan Plowright's ever-earnest make a very likable, but far too bright Mrs Fairfaix, and one can not help feeling that Billie Whitelaw is supposed to play Witch in town rather than plain-looking, hard-working Grace Poole. Charlotte Gainsbourgh as the grown-up heroine, however, is physically a perfect choice for playing Jane Eyre. Watch every bit as 18, thin and brittle, and irregular, strong features, it comes closer to my interior vision than any other actress in Jane's role. And for the first 15 minutes of his screen I was enchanted by his performance. Gainsborgh manages to properly leave the audience guess in the inside of the fire and the strong will that hides behind the stoic mask. But unfortunately the script never allowed her to expand the more passionate and lively to Jane's characters any more. As a result of leaving many scenes and many shortcuts in the dialogue, Gainsbourgh's paintings in Jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately satisfactory. This is a pity, as with a better script Charlotte Gainsbourgh could have been as good as Jane as Zelah Clarke in the '83 version but while it is still obvious that Gainsbourgh tries to play Jane, there is no any trace Rochester of the character William Hurt shows. Hurt, who has proved himself to be a fine actor in many good films, must have known that he was physically and kind of wise so miscast that he did not even try to play Rochester in the novel. Rochester, without being blonde and blue-eyed, is a soft-spoken, noble, noble, quiet and quiet, a little queer and unique, but basically good-natured and moderate. It is so far from being irascible, moody and manure that lines refer to the characteristics of his character absolutely absorbent. In addition, during many moments in the movie, Hurt's facial expressions left one wondering if he was fighting acute attacks in the sleep disorder. Particularly at the stage of his proposal grimas as a patient gathering from an overall anesthetic and is hardly able to keep his eyes open. If you compare his Rochester to the strong-willed and good protagonist of the novel, simply clash with energy and temperament, it is not surprising that many viewers are ashamed of Hurt's performance. Still, he offended me less than the Rochesters in the '70, '97 and 2006 versions and I would in general rank this Jane Eyre above the other three. Hurt obviously was wise to recognize that he can not Rochester in the novel and therefore did not try to do that, whereas George C. Scott, Ciarân Hinds and Toby Stephens thought they could, but failed miserable , and I'd like to see a character that's different than Rochester than a miserable Rochester. And I would rather watch a Jane Eyre movie that leaves many lines in the novel, but does not invent new ones than a version that uses modern dialogues that sound as though they might be explained by a couple today in a Starbucks Cafe. Of course this Jane Eyre is a failure, but at least it is a harmless one, which is more than one can say in the '97 and 2006 adaptations. I would therefore not stop anyone from watching this adaptation: You will not get Jane Eyre, but at least you will find a very well-made movie.
