I do not like using the word "terrible" to describe any work in the movie for a great deal of time, effort, talent and money spent in its creation, but Zefferelli's attempt to adapt Charlotte Charlotte Brontë to Jane Eyre It's a waste of time. <br /> <br /> The script is missing from delicacy and power, everything explains the viewer in any uncertain terms, leaving the little imagination. The lead actors are woefully miscast, clearly hired for their star names, and drippy and dirty music notes. Charlotte Gainsbourg and William Hurt have absolutely no mutiny at all. It is such a floating wet, worse than Joan Fontaine, who at least could have some modicum of emotional involvement in what would be a frustrating story of passion. With William Hurt acting on a single tone and tone is flat and devoid of energy. Naturally the scratch and stupid script does not help any of these otherwise fine actors in their efforts to carry any flow of life into flick of life. Joan Plowright's Mrs. Fairfax is like some Disney creations that keep popping up the siege in which it would be best left. <br /> <br /> There is no mystery surrounding the story of Rochester's first wife. The role of the second wife, who played as a doll Barbie by Elle MacPhearson, is an empty chifra. Fiona Shaw, a very great actress, is completely wasted as Jane Matante, Mrs Reed. It would be best to cast as Mrs Fairfax. Only Amanda Roots, as Jane's beloved teacher, recalls any authentic authenticity or credibility. I saw this version of 'Jane Eyre' after Robert Young's watch for British television, made in 1997, begins Ciaran Hinds, Samantha Morgan and Gemma Jones. There is no comparison. Young vital, romantic and deeply moving version is like a new exploding compared to Zefferelli's wet squib. <br /> I'm going to be interested now to see the version 1970 and Timothy Dalton, about which I've read some pretty good things on this website. I am surprised at how many people like Zefferelli's Yorkshire photo books. <br /> <br /> All I can say good about this movie is that the house is beautiful with the clear color color, beyond that it's a complete DUD.
