No matter the cast, I recently watched this movie on TCM, hoping for an under-appreciated gem, as I considered many films in the 30's. This is not gem - not even semi-precious. The anachronism dress and 1930's Rolls Royce Limo hit you immediately. The casting is strange, too. But mostly, there are too many mute and unnecessary tracing devices. This film has many good ingredients and a basic plot that keeps promise, but the elements do not mix according to the right recipe. It simply does not come along as it should. And it's a shame. YES a few rather obvious, but minor changes, this would be a very good movie. The film is about an American showgirl (Jean Harlow) seeking a rich British husband - preferably in the nobility. He meets Franchot Tone and his friends, who are on a bark in a Rolls Royce owned by his friend's employers. Harlow mistakes thinking Tone is the Lord who owns the Rolls, and he sings it over it. This early part of the film is a light comedy with no real distinctions. However, Tone unwittingly uncovered the fact that his employer is actually a German 5th columnist on the eve of WWI, and that is when the movie changes tones altogether and begins to fall apart. Tone and Harlow marry, but as honeymoon begins, it was inflated down by a Hari-type Mata (Benita Hume), and Harlow runs the scene, and a bystander accused her of killing the tone. (In fact, tone is restored from the injuries.) Harlow runs in France, where he falls in love again - this time with a wealthy French cadet (Cary Grant). Tonnes, now in the army, and Harlow are unexpectedly brought to the Grant Hospital where he is in the rehab of a plane crash. At the scene below, Tone accused Harlow of abandoning him because he is essentially a gold-digger. Harlow never explained about the witness' accusing her of murder and panic! This is one of those real, film-drawn-device break-downs in the story. Then tone also brought back into contact with the woman (Hume) who shot her. He is on hand to watch his paramour, Grant, test the new airplane that Tone has delivered him from England. Incredibly, both Hume and Tone hardly recognize each other, but simply can not place where out! Well, so tone was shot and almost dead; Maybe its memory is a little out of whack. But how many people did Hume shoot that he would forget one of his marks? (It does not seem to be faking the memory error.) <br /> <br /> This is inexplicable and unnecessary. Hume should have absolutely recognized her, but she played it coy when she realized that Tone could not put her. This would be a better treatment of this problem. <br /> <br /> The final is also very satisfactory. The movie, as was done, has tone and harlow conspire to preserve the reputation of good in the case, Grant, leading to her fake funeral as a hero. Then Harlow and Tone just walk away. It is noble to preserve the French public's perception of the hero of the national war, but it is very satisfying as a love story! <br /> What is the movie begs for this: Harlow explains that he fled to a panic in the face of charges of murder; Tonne forgives her and slowly recovers her love for her; Then he carried a torch for her, even while helping her to tackle the crash site to preserve Grant's reputation. Meanwhile, Harlow finally acknowledges Grant as a framework. Then he saw the tone for the brave and noble man he is, Harlow recreates his feelings, too. At the end of the film, two of them become reconciled as they work together to bind Grant's death appearance. After the Grant's funeral, we see them embracing and kissing in the fade-out. This would make a nice little movie. For fans of Cary Grant, it would be even better to have played the French underwriters who died and Grant's husband suffered first husband, reunited with Harlow. <br /> It is incomprehensible that Franchot Tone cast as Irish living in England, while Cary Grant is cast as French. This film would be best if they were overthrowing their roles. This would also have been more conducive to the film that should have been ...
