This film was made for fans of Dani (and Cradle of Filth). I'm not one of them. I think it's just a imitator to mount the black metal movement (still, I'm generally not a fan of black metal). But as I brought this DVD case to pay for it, I persuaded myself, that something in less authentic is more it tries to be persuaded. So, I'm supposed to be in a roller-coaster roller in roll gorter and do-it-yourself splatter with a disaster background. Now that's what I like. <br /> I got home and popped it in. My patience lasted 15 minutes. AWFUL works camera with violent quality. And that was then (2002), that he looked like he was shooting using a Hi8 camcorder. I left it on the shelf. Perhaps a nice evening with beer and Bmovies would create a beautiful setting for this ... photo. <br /> After a couple of months I was back in it (to mention setting), and saw half. And then not only the associates mentioned me. My friend evolved. I noticed how funny Dani (1,65m, 5'5 "tall) looked at his platform shoes and detained a head of a mugger apart. (Yes, ripping itself apparently there was no skull.) I also Finding that this movie can be There is no sense. However, I have not finished it anymore, so I was not positive. <br /> After a couple more try I finally managed to finish this flick - a couple of months back ... (Yes, it took me 5.5 years.) So - Dani in fact was funny as HELPER Satan / Manson / the super-mal-man and the movie does not make sense. Our Dani employees are doing bad things, why? Well, I think it's just very, very bad .. As a matter of fact they both are and that's pretty much it .. We have a couple of short stories along with characters Dani was on a guy, who was STEAL LEGO, because he wants to use it as his own .. Yeah, exactly. <br /> <br /> The stone acts in BOTTOM .. The CGI is The worst ever I mean Stinger beats it (and, boy, is CGI baaaaad the Stinger) The story has no sense. And the quality is ... Let's just say it is not satisfied. The only thing that could keep you watching is the unmotivated violence and Gore. Blood and bravery were done very well. Why, you can actually see that the movie went out and then moved on. (Example - The Dani 'Filt Man' takes a saturated cat - fake as it may be - with his bowel ... and then eats all that has fallen. Why? We never know. We know, however, that This cat should be about illegal substance, as her heart is almost half his size.) <br /> You can think, after my comment that this movie is so bad it's good, but it's just bad . Crayons of Filth fans can add 3 points. I added one for Gore.
