... and you can watch this statement in different ways, by the way. First of all, it's a mess because of all the scenes are virtuous and very violent. Madness or imagination does not even come close to some of the scenes clearly shown here. All parts of this movie are just plain sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and bringing you close to your guts puking out. Now I love horror movies and I'm very 'pro-violence', but I think it has to lead somewhere !! Is this too much to ask? Cradle of Fear is just a set of clever and twisted reflections. The "Movie" contains four separate sections connected by a wrapper. This results in endless shows of torture, murders and diseases only to find out that the victims have something in common. Not very informative, if you ask me. But - it must be said - the idea of ​​вЂ <вЂ <basic cement scheme was potential. It is about a cannibal hypnotist who made a deal with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to all who were involved in his judgment. Personally, I think it's an interesting topic, so it should focus on it a little more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie ever. <br /> Second, the whole production of this movie was a mess. They did not have much in a budget and spent it all over blood and pregnant cuts ... Tons of it !! Performance to act is a joke and some of the worst I've ever seen. Any other special effects besides the make-up appear very amateur (Such as a real-world car accident, for example). There is no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere ... not even an attempt to build one. <br /> <br /> The cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say at least. With the presence of Metal Metal Deaths Danni Filth (from the cradle to the movie movie..the link?) This movie is obviously only meant for the eyes of twisted teenagers who try controversial. Troubled girls and boys who delight in worrying parents do not look crap like this. Then people keep complaining that the amount of suicide and juvenile delinquency will increase ... Bah. I can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you are easily influenced or thrown into an unstable idea. For every self-respecting horror fan, this movie is a reproach.
