Did anyone who made this movie, particularly the director, spare a thought for the line-line logic? These are not only drawn-holes, but draws graves, which become ever deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his behavior. That is, if you're kind enough a viewer to vigorously ignore the reality for most of the films that the characters are either domestically drawn to pit-holes, or boring and unlikeable. Or, in the case of the Downey & Hannah's character, apparently useless. In meditating the reasons for the downey's significant existence in the movie time, I decided that either the director liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen-time (unlikley, as the director did not change anything else on script which he actually needs) or whose character he will sacrifice on the altar of bad plot. I'll let you guess which one it should be. <br /> I kept checking the cover of the DVD to confirm that this really was done by credible talent. I can not understand why Robert Altman would take that job. Surely it has some choices to choose and choose. Actually, I can not understand why anyone would take this script, except a first-time director looking for the experiment. <br /> I think Robert Downey Jr needs the money for his habit. I suppose Kenneth Branagh wanted to try a southern accent. I suppose Robert Duvall has only given some pages of the script and thinks the role of sounding intriguing insanity. These are the only motivations I can see that would force good actors to take on the role of this movie. As for Robert Altman, many efforts went on his part to make the film look fantastic. I found myself noticing how it was framed as with such a scene, or using green to flash orange float to another scene to draw eye movements, or impose a nice filter to create a particular mood. I do not usually notice things in movies, since most cinema I'm bothering to look at the end actually engaged me for reasons of good story-telling and interesting characters and understandable motives. I watched this in the end only because some ridiculous elements of optimism in my head kept the watch covered DVD and were convinced that, due to the talent involved, had to be some recalculated factors in this movie. Good luck. But it's not why I watch movies.
