I have read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ... So all my expectations have broken down. But they broke more than they expected. The film would be a decent movie if I did not read it in advance, perhaps having lost it for me. <br /> In any event, for some reason to change the work camp of Toulon in a full boat of slave gallery. The scene of the bishop's bee was fine. In fact, other than the galls, these things survive up to dismissal at Fantine. Because we do not want bad things to happen to a good woman, she does not cut her hair, sells her teeth, or gets a whore. The worst it does is run by the mayor's office and spitting on his face. Bamatabois is entirely eliminated. Because children from the couples should also not have to talk about, Tholomyes is the deceased husband of deceased, rather than an irresponsible dandy. Valjean is able to look for Cosette to Fantine before the Champmathieu affair, so they are happily met, yet another change. Then come the convent, which is a very difficult scene. Fortunately, he was saved. And three minutes of accuracy, however, the movie again begins to hurt toward Classic Butchering Novel. As Cosette and Valjean are riding in the park, they come across Marius to give a talk at a meeting. On prison reform. When he came from flying Valjean and Cosette, he told the one line of the movie that put me screaming in the TV series. "We're not revolutionary." I could hear Victor Hugo thrown into his cell. COURSES REVOLUTIONARI! They want to riot against the pseudo-monarchy that in place in favor of another republic, dumb writer! It is a historical fact that has a government resistance in 1832. At one point, Cosette goes to give Marius a donation from his father for the movement reform and meets Eponine. Except ... by Eponine. Or at least not the Eponine in the book. This eponine looks like a girl secretary who works well for prisoners (working at the Universal Cafe as opposed to the Musain Cafe). Not to mention the audience already made of flu thanks to his non-periodic, low-cut, tight-fitting clothes and stylish snooty styling. The jail reformers (the worst lead to the Enjolras that I've seen) has decided that handing out booklets is not good enough again. So they will build barricades. I do not know about you, but I've never heard of reform movement tearing up the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops. Around three hundred people (it was not supposed to be great) begin to attack the National Guard and build a bunch of barricades, etc. Eponine dies to Marius, thankfully. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is sort of accurate, except that Javert's suicide again seems difficult to understand thanks to his screen time interval and odd character interpretation. The film ends with Valjean watching Javert jumps in the river. This is again correct because Valjean would never have left Javert drowning. He saved the life of the man soon, why he died now? Then there are all jumps in the confession of Marius Valjean, his deterioration, and his redemption over his death with Marius and Cosette around him. <br /> <br /> Overall, I can blame the script especially for problems. While I am glad Enjolras and Eponine were at least present in the movie, they were terribly misinterpreted, as were the whole barricade scene. Elimination of Fantine's suffering prevents us from feeling sorry for her. That Cosette knows past Valjean from the start of chaos and the plot a good deal. I did not even see Thenardier, and Mme. Thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time. The same with Gavroche. I did such as Frederick March's interpretation of Valjean a lot, however, that was one of the features that reckoned in the movie. On the other hand, Charles Laughton, for all his great acting in other movies, seems to have missed the brand and Javert. Lip tremor, the custom is not needed, and his acting in general all just felt very bad. He also, like many Javerts I saw, did not appear to all menacing, something required by the character. Again, this movie would probably feel better if I did not read the book. I would not recommend it to purist books, though. I would also say that the film would have a good adaptation for the time did not frankly frankly French version out the year before.
