When I tell people that I review movies as a pleasure, the first thing they say is "What do you think of such movies-and-these?" There are a couple of issues here. First of all, there is likely probability that I have not seen it and so I ruin my reputation. Secondly, I was able to trash the movie into question without realizing it's actually their favorite. Lastly, I could give DVDs to look for my judgment. So I find myself sitting in front of the "Convent" that is the sort of movie I would ignore completely to the choice, but able to avoid here. The more pity because this frankly awful "horror" is about as scary as a box of kittens. <br /> <br /> After the nail bell, the "Convent" focuses on a bunch of American high school students on a trip to an abandoned slave on a mission to find stones, wear and mildly spooked. But you will never guess what happens next? A group of demon monster cannibalists ranging from the cobwebs that continue to select the children from one by one of the classic movie horrors. Do any of them survive and most importantly, do you have the best things to worry about? <br /> <br /> The only thing that survived the "Convent" from being a total waste of time is the fact that nobody really takes this look seriously with the exception of the Coolio's Cool Canoe as a copyright officer and a trigger finger scratches. It's far too amusing to be quite scary - the zombie cheerleader who makes chipmunk noise for any reason, day-water painting works that appear when you become a zombie - but that really kills it as a horror is the fact that you can immediately tell when someone is jumping out and getting messed up. But even if they were trying, I still doubt that it would work - demonic monster puts out the make-up sort you'd see in the "Buffy Vampire Slayer" TV shows are not really scary. The horrible thing about this film is really that more than 10% of voters have given this a maximum score. I mean, I know it's funny but I hardly split my place. To be honest, I had more fun at a dentist. <br /> <br /> The "Convent" is not really a horror movie as such. It's more of a comedy horror like "Scary movie" or "Shaun of the Dead" but you're laughing at it instead of it. I honestly can not recommend this to anybody except the family at the disposal and crew but even then, I doubt very much they would like it. I do not enjoy "so badly good" genre - I personally feel that if the movie-makers can not be bothering a turkey then I should not bubble a gut try to watch it. Yes, it's a bad movie and yes, they should really go home and do something more constructive. A Rubik's cube, for example. The DVD box has two price stickers - one for £ 4.99 with a reduced price of £ 3. But it's sold for £ 1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, awesomely bad flick. Sorry if you do like it but the "Convent" really is a pile of spooky spit.
