I saw an interview with Rob Schneider (who plays lead character, Marvin Mange, in this movie.) He said in her that she wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you had the volume off would laugh at this movie. It is obvious that they must be the secret. I had the volume up. I've actually heard this thing and thought it was a disaster, and completely unfunny - a big disappointment after Schneider's hilarious performance at "Deuce Bigalow, Gigolo Male." The story is stupid: Mange is a great loser who dreams of being a cop who gets filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car crash by a kind of upset genius scientist called Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), and as a Results begin to lose control over "its animal instincts." This makes it a "supercop." It can smile out hidden drugs in body cavities and excess horses. Of course, it also has a nasty habit of eating the human cattle and trying to seduce the goats, but surely that's a small price to pay? She just did not do anything for me. <br /> <br /> The throw left leaves much to be desired. Is there a more disappointing actor throughout Hollywood than John McGinley? Here, she plays Sgt. Sink, the Mange commander on the police force, as a character with a character that has a little dangerous character (much to his doctor's character in the series "Inexplicable Popular TV".) I was worried to watch first "Colleges Haskell" jobs can be anything in this movie called "serious?") It, of course, has been appointed as a competitor on the first "survivor" and has proven here what we knew from that: he in beautiful as a button. What it does not prove here is that it has any talent discernible as an actress. And what's with Ed Asner as Chief of Police Wilson. I mean, how old is this guy now? It is the size of some of the cow Mange tried to eat, and it seemed out of breath all the way through. I wonder he made it to the filming. There's a short comedy at the end of Adam Sandler (who also served as the Executive Producer.) <br /> Anyway, I chuckled twice: Mange plays with his silly game at the police car, and the Schneider scene has and Haskell and the orangutan - The orangutan has more talent to act! So, for two chuckles - 2/10.
