Dreary. Schlocky. Just plain and terrible sounds. Be honest, when you sit down to look for something called the Double-D Avenger you are not expecting great art or even moderate mainstream entertainment. You are probably waiting for a kind of movie movie and maybe find some good looks at some impressive gusts. You do not get really either of those in the video. This story, as it consistent and most of these qualities, is innocuous: Kitten Natividad runs a local pub, finds out he has breast cancer, jumps down to South America for a fruit that claims to be a panacea Anyone with a super-Ability to man, back and fight, dressed as the Double-D Avenger, a group from a local club club wants to corner out the competition. As stories go, I've seen a lot worse, but as another review notes that the execution is horrendous. Sequence actions are missing code, drive, motivation, and thin tissue. The act is not even quite farmer and the dialogue is the holes. Nothing, and I mean PA is funny from the wincing puns to give the heavy-handed references. All would be forgiven if the girls can make up for it, but they all fall short. Kitten, Haji, and Raven of the Croix are all well older (always beautiful in their own way) yet exposing nothing to them and becoming the compulsion of those trying to be: older, caricature cartoon of senior top them. Instead, they look so lame and desperate - more because of the car they "start" in rather than their own capabilities. Some other beautiful ladies, but you really do not see much of anything. PG-13 definitely would be a proper rating for that. The materials, actresses, and directors are all tired, tiring, and dating - and again - NOT LADY! It was a rough brutal hour sitting in this, and that's a shame as I expected something cinnamon and fun. The guy playing Bubba in the way was the only real laugh for me. Not that he was good at all your ideas, but every time he opened my mouth I kept thinking of how terribly he was. The lone spot shining here everyone sees Mr. Sci-Fi himself, Forrest J. Ackerman, plays the curator of a wax museum and discusses in Frankenstein's affectionately affectionate call Frankie. Other than this is a complete bust - now, how to this for another tired, obnoxious, frustrated!
