Watching the first 30 minutes of sands in hailstorm gave me high hopes. It seemed I was in for a cheaper version of the mummy. The promised setup, in Cecil B. Demille 1920, made his opera in the Ten Commandments. It looks like using real Egyptian affairs to put in the films triggering an old and terrible evil (are not they still?). Aware of what was triggered by DeMille order to put it all buried instead of the usual practice to tear it down. Hope that the evil will be buried with it forever. Then we switch to the present day where a team tries to dig the site (the first mistake movie, but hey these costume period is expensive and this is a Sci-Fi movie channel). The first spirits found in the Anubis monster are well done with it in a costume that they put some effort into and not the effect of the usual CG effect. Then the body count begins. This was the movie going south for me. Reactions to the fact that people are dying in ways that were really and unusual to become a weird mild reaction. Once they realized that formerly wrong was again triggered and is about a plaything what makes the stock issue leading to man and woman doing? They make the usual stop of "the guy who knows the truth but never told anyone." After you have received the important information they share with their peers at the dig site? No, they stopped in a hotel for a refreshing show and some nice little talk. Really I'm not the most motivated person but if I knew a demon of ancient Egypt was about to loose and kill everyone in sight and would come after me I would put a little upset at my stage to solve problems in. After that middle and useless sections are found around destroying the anubis monster in the usual way, do not run around dug buggies and shoot it with a rocket launcher while standing in a pile of phosphorus grenades. For a sci-fi film it was above the usual crap to put out, which does not say much at all. What disappeared me this could be a lot more if someone wrote a decent script for him.
