I have never been a great Mormon movie fan. When a Mormon, I still felt that the humor was too exclusive to the LDS community and it seemed to us as a bunch of obsession wackos. I was hoping this would be the cool air feeling, the Halestorm movie I could finally discuss with my non-Ms friends. <br /> <br /> Boy, I was wrong. <br /> I've figured out, since this was B-smooth talent such as Clint Howard, Gary Coleman, Andrew Wilson, and Fred Willard (one of my favorites), this should be at least a bit funny. And besides, basketball clubs are ripe and potential for many hilarious gambling with these. But I must say, in all the movie all, it seemed as if no one knew what they were doing. Each joke falls flat, and every opportunity for a really funny gag goes ignored. The dialogue was bland, and the film had some of the worst character development I've ever seen. Each character but Wilson was less than one dimension. It's hard to believe that after nine re-writing the movie was still like mind-numbingly stale as the railroad I witnessed. I can not put into words the rage I felt sitting in this. My friends and I were extras in the final game scene, so we went to the premiere of Washington City, UT. Kurt Hale, the director, was there, and I must say, I avoid any contact with him after the show. She waited at the door, openly ready for feedback. I could not bring myself to tell her that her film was not only worn away from a good time and a half of my life, but she left a nasty, painful mark that I would never forget. a few specific issues I had: There was a minor love story subplot between Janitor and chubby piano player, but these two characters came from nowhere, and were impossible to care about, so my friends and I were Still wonder why we were supposed to care about these two lame, refreshing characters. There were so many subplots that popped each now and then, every promising audience was likely to laugh, but everyone came and went to smoke in smoke, finishing before you could even begin to take care. This was pretty much as the movie all felt. <br /> <br /> This movie was a great disappointment, and I feel bad for everyone who awaits the first MOM comic book. True, the jokes of this one are not too exclusive Mormons. Then again, it's hard to say that was a joke and that was a loud sensation ringing in my ears. <br /> <br /> Please do not see this movie. Keep in mind the fantasy that this movie is hilarious. Spend the deception I've gone through
