This is a really bad movie, and bad acting with a very boring speed Lorenzo Lamas is really cool though! All the characters are just annoying (except Lamas), and there is absolutely no root person or care for!, Plus the action is pretty boring. The movie gives us 3 villains that were supposed to get threatening and disturbing when in fact there are boring, ridiculous and just a bunch of moths that I wanted to close !, the more it looks pretty cheap and amateur! Lorenzo Lamas has a lot of charisma but he can not save this piece of crap, and believe it or not the opening was really cool, as it ended, however the middle is incredibly boring, and got me there encourage you to press the button fast forward, the more dialog is especially poisonous! .There is a cool bar scene that I really love, but once Lamas chief at the pier it all falls apart, the more scenes in which the family tortured Jennifer's family, and the killers were supposed to get it disturbing when it in fact is mockingly !. This is a really bad movie, and bad acting with a very boring speed, Lorenzo Lamas is really cool though!, However it's not enough, not recommended. The direction is very bad. George Erschbamer does a very bad job here, and works mediocre cameras, bare places, and holds the movie at a boring pace. The interim is very bad (except for Lamas). Lorenzo Lamas is awesome here, and while she is not required to act, it is quite fun to look, and she has a really cool character, having a lot of charisma, but even she can not save this one, and he has no chemistry and cast either! (Lamas Rule!). Josie Bell is horrible here, and while it's decent looking, it is not very compelling and there was no chemistry with Lamas. Cheryl Jeans is warm, but there is not much to do but screams and fright, he's doing okay. Robert Scott is incredible annoying as the main villain, and was not menacing at all, he was mocking as the other was 2. Resting in the cast are bad. In general, avoid! Avoid!, Even if you do like Lamas (like me). * from 5
