Having watched this after getting the DVD for Christmas 2005, I came here in his pan - but after reading the other reviews, I do not have the heart. Clearly this is a movie that worked very well for children at a certain age. Well, let me not a complete grinch; It might still work for some children - if they are not too media-saturated and do not become visually over-sophisticated, e.g. from watching all LOTR and Harry Potter. But if you are an adult, stay away a thousand miles away; you will not enjoy it. The good bits: Barbara Kellerman as the witch, especially at her early stage with Edmund, creates just the right mix of charismatic and charismatic charisma. (In the Stone Board it goes a bit over the head.) Michael Aldridge in the minor role of the Professor and Jeffrey S. Perry as Mr. Tumnus also has kind of polished, skillful act we would expect from the BBC's best theater . And Aslan's costumes work very well, amazingly well-considered. They had their eyes just right. The bad bits: almost everything else, but two areas in particular. One, the casting. England is crammed with good actors and has tens of thousands of children attracted British school. How might they end up with these four stiffs? They move like wooden soldiers and talk as well. Peter has no gravity or charisma (and sees it shorter than his alleged brother); Edmund is just bliss; and Lucy ... Sophie Wilcox as Lucy is so dramatically, visible, drastically wrong for that part that I can not imagine how she got the job. <br /> Two, the animal costumes. Again, it appears that they worked for some kids. If children are always at a level where Big Bird and Elmo are interesting, credible characters, they might be influenced by this movie. But in a viewer and sophisticated, say, a 12-year-old who is in prison in Azkaban? When Mister Beaver comes out from the back of this tree, there will be a laughing, laughing, laughing laugh. The costumes just do not work - I could not, and I think that any adult or modern teen could not, stop disbelief when looking at Mister Beaver. The animation draw later (gryphons, etc.) works better, it's easier to take. So, ten stars for the very young and tender soul; all others read, or re-read the book and watch the best movie better that unfolds in your imagination.
