I look at this a few days ago, so the details are getting wet. The movie is shot on camera but has been caught, and a lot made of this at the time it was released original, since we did not have a lot of photo studio made in this way. I can not help but feel this was more of a gadget than anything, designed to make the audience think that what we saw on the screen did not have all the compromises that came with a big budget, and so were more "real ". However what we have here is not more than a rip-by-as-good cut in the first half of Full Metal Jacket, so anyone who has seen it, or any one of the other RIP's compromises, will be know what to expect. <br /> <br /> The main problem I've had the stereotyped characters, with soft soft kids from the depths, close harmony songs, Ebonics spouting black dudes, tired sergeant worlds, worms and twisting psychos etc. .. all of them were put into the types of situations that would give the most friction and tension at any given time. Perhaps this was intentional to emphasize the sort and injustice of the situation, maybe it was laziness, or maybe it was just a committee trying to appeal to the bigger audience, all I know it was annoying. Something romantic was the mix of volunteers and draftses (where virtually all the characters would be forced into the situation,) although only the scenes between the two main characters really do play in it. This seems to be the main pivot of the plot, and the volunteers come to their senses and draftees to take a sense of homework and self, but it all does in a rather forced manner and ensupli. Other big insects I've gotten all (all extreme psychosis and real softies) would react to every inevitable conflict and the first aggression and violence threatened by Farrell's ubiquitous stoicism, immediately back down and must be all reasonable diplomatic. <br /> I guess if I found a plus it would act in two driving, which was strong and very convincing, to consider the formula nature of the characters, t too hard. <br /> In my imagination, Bozz grew up to be Zeke off Tour of Duty, and for my money, 4 episodes in which would be more fun to watch.
