I am a student of film, and have been for many years. With the concept of a cyber, kung fu, satirical chimpanzees, I asked, "Is this movie that will break the mold?" Let's face it, America has never left down any piece of movies that features a costume Simian. After these great classic as "problem monkey" and "Dunston's check", I thought that the best ideas were already taken. But then comes "Funky Monkey". I laughed, I was crying, I wish suicide. <br /> Now I read about the possession of the evil spirits in the Bible, but that does not explain why someone would create such a product of evil. The first, with at least a little bit of intelligence, I realized that a chimpanzee was in fact a mark, not a monkey at all. However, I was assured that the filmmakers would clear this issue up further in the movie. They did not. Let me sum up this work of art: A company by the name of Z.I.T. decided to train chimpanzees as soldiers. Why? I think they mentioned something about the soldiers working for bananas, but when it cost about an estimated $ 13 million in government money to train one chimp, this does not seem cost-effective. Well ani, Z.I.T. bring in a CIA specialist (Matthew Modine) to the Clemens (Chimp) train. Clemens is everything Z.I.T. hope for. It can take a whole shift of guards, which all seem to have become training skills in the local mall, and yet still manage to remind us that we are watching a kid's movie. As you can guess, Modine finds that intent Z.I.T. they may be bad (Gasp!) And decided to break Clemens out. Being a CIA agent and all, Modine knows that the best way to make himself disappear is to go to a big city, rent a guest room, regularly make TV appearances while fighting crime, and using Checks to pay for everything. <br /> ZIT find out where Modine will stay, and she sent two of the finest to retrieve her. These guards are perhaps the greatest comedy team since Martin and Lewis, or was it Turner and Hooch? It's no longer important, because in the end, for a heck of an end to twist, the guys are good there !!! Yay! Hooray for predictability! Throw in a Nerdy kid who learns to be himself, a lonely mother who needs a date, and music installment that features songs that would even have blackballed by Disney Radio and you get "Funky Monkey". The Biggest Movie Scene? A Soccer Game! Played by thugs, bumblers, a chimp, and the nerd boy. No one seems to care about these substitutions in a high school football game. <br /> <br /> Funky Monkey Never Lift Up! It's the edge of your seat entertainment. Some may even call this "The American Beauty" of monkey-filled features. After finishing this season, I was reminded to hear a story about a railroad worker who lost a lot of brain function when a metal rod pierced his temporary lobbies. Funky monkey is a metal rod in the middle of movies.
