Though the film can be "true" in the Book of Lewis (in which the script was basically word-for-word, rvatatim), it failed to take any of the magnitude that would be associated with an epic history like this. The mythical genres (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghosts) are * drawn * in, and as in the previous review, the fly-screen flying section was very difficult to swallow. I almost laughed at death when I saw the humanoid beetles and giant suits suit and baking tooth; I was almost crying when I heard the wolf "complained -" a man in a soft gray suit basically called as loud and as girlishly as possible. In Little Lucy Penvensie ... I could only take a lot of indignation, despair, and tooth buck in (which felt like) fourteen hours of watching the movie. Actress who plays White Witch, in all her histrionics, seems to have more at home on stage, where a voiced voice, arms spread, and a vigorous effort to something Shakespearian would be more than welcome. <br /> <br /> Common to feel claustrophobic, if the scenes are taking indoors or outdoors. Indoors, it's as if BBC could only afford to spend $ 100 on constructing a set, and so it's very small, and all the characters are constantly blotting together. The White Castle Witch is a run-down, decomposed King Mansion full of Styrofoam structures and illuminated lighting. When the Penvensie children are wandering in the woods - actually, * any * scene in the woods - feel like they simply wander around in circles. <br /> <br /> The only thing that looks decent in the movie is Aslan, but you can bet that BBC probably sounds the entire movie budget on building the feline mechanical. It looks great when it stands still, and before it starts to talk, but once it starts moving, you can not help but mercy the poor man who has to be behind-the-end of the lion's costume. <br /> Yes, if you are a Narnia fan hardcore, you may want to see this version, simply because it preserves every word that Lewis ever writes - but Lewis has certainly no senarist, and a lot of dialogue feels grunt and left air on screen. During the stage in which the children of the Beavers' and getting ready to run from the wolves, Madam Beaver's perpetuity, "oh, just one thing more, dear, and then we'll be ready to go, "punctuated by children simultaneously crying and sighing and moaning in" NO, Ms. Beaver, PLEASE! " - A scene of comic relief, so absurd (assuming flowers from imminent dangers, do not ask about whether to park the car in elbow or not), detracts from the drama that the scene might have otherwise. In fact, the whole movie is peppered and directs faux pass like that. <br /> I would recommend seeing the new Narnia (Disney 2005). The new movie, with up-to-date effects, spectacular computer animation, great distribution around, and a gorgeous and stolen - white witch robber (who plays his part with all the subtle evil of a seasoned politician, as opposed to a shrieking bansy) captures all of the greatness and magnificence of the world of Narnia without the slightest deterioration from the original Lewis's vision (I think). Lucy is a lot cuter (NO bucket, YAY!), As the beats (and realistic-sized), and fraternizing Edmund's nothing about the wine, desperately-hungry-for-accepting-insecure-and -and-with-in-the-inferior-complex Edmund that new fronts the Disney versions. <br /> <br /> Unless you are the kind that enjoys wasting time by having fun in Cinema Cinema, I would not recommend this movie to anybody.
