A friend once told me that an independent independent film was running in an air-cinema on the film's end - the audiences were so angry before tearing up the movie theater. Of course, my imagination was running amoeba, trying to conjure up the contents of such a piece of work. Well, now, my imagination can rest. <br /> I'm a lover Andrei Tarkovky lifelong with an ardent admirer of his work. I've come across so many people who thought Tarkovsky's movie were slow-moving and inactive. The views of these, I find this must not be true of wonderful work of the beautiful delights, which are meaningful, beautiful composition, and complex philosophical questions. When hearing Aleksandr Sokurov called the Tarkovsky heir, I was excited to experiment with his film. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the open air ride in the gardens (Stalker), this film has no kinship in anything Tarkovsky has to do. It does not seem to possess the slightest meaning, even on a completely stupid level. It's supposedly "Gorgeously Stark" cinematography is devoid of any craft composition. There is no balance, no proportion, and the meter exposure seems to be running low on the frozen snow. The main character is so inept and indecisive, he tells you whether his father might have been alive if he had his idea earlier. <br /> I also do not negatively to non-cemetery or story lines that progress on several non-linear modes. But there is not even a story that's not history here. One must surely enter the look of this movie with a hairy head if one exits it and nothing gained and nothing is lost, such as hair pulling should only be the answer possible at a speed that could make a Tarkosky time sculptures look as if Jerry Bruckheimer was filmed a short Charlie Chaplin. <br /> I will not rule that this can be one of Sokurov's stinkers (Solark Tarkovsky), but concludes that it is one of Tarkovsky's heirs based on this film - should be called Paris Hilton successor to Aristotle. C'mon guy, do not be afraid to tell him. There are no large number of impressive words that will magically carry this body of seluloid back into life. I do not take full advantage of Russian culture and I probably do not have Russian values, but I immediately pick up Tarkovsky's work as something magical, a treasure and a gift from viewers. There was no Sokurov's name on it, and it was revealed by saying, Saturday night live, I'm pretty sure that nobody would "read" all this magnificent analysis of this wet sweat in a movie flick.
