I live in Ottawa where this film was made and I really want it was never. This is one god-terrible sticker. I really try and support independent films but there is this stigma attached to anything indie and that stigma is: Indie Movie Blow. Well, this movie does nothing to cursor this curse. The actor, writer, director Brett Kelly does little to contribute to the genre, rather than re-tackle Quiche tired from past cinemas. I'm really tired of threatening bad characters looking at the shadows and hawks on the unsuspecting, it's way too exaggerated. <br /> I can remember one particular scene next to the end of the flick where the whole scene lights up and the front lights. Now, some may say that this was an effect used to create mood and tension, but unfortunately it showed the shoestring budget of this movie. As well as a movie that is called itself horror, a viewer will find themselves difficult pressed to find any current gay, other than a few scenes with corn syrup and red dye coloring. <br /> <br /> The biggest thing that shoots this movie down is the rhythm and lack of character development, the basic scheme is that the children were kidnapped and their parents must track down this fellow Bonesetter before a certain time in order to get the kids back. By this my bug concept, but I did not really find it credible that when the two main characters, both who lost their children could find time to get out with each other. This is done in such a short span that it's incomparable, my first priority should be to get my daughter back and at least get to know the lady before making out with her. <br /> <br /> The last point that I have is .... and I will not keep this account Kelly, but the film is entirely shot on boring, emotional video and that really takes off all of the tense moments would have just style oozed on film. Although if this movie was given a million dollars makeover and redone the story with boring acts and lame everything could not keep that movie afloat. My only hope is something that prevents Brett Kelly from making a sequel, which has been reported on her website, an end that has been half written in one sitting. The Lord helps us all.
