When I saw that Mary Louise Parker was associated with this novel movie film turn, I was intrigued. Being a fan of the book, I suppose he would play Tony, Roz, or Charis, but more so, I was intrigued to see how they would turn this highly-y, almost psychological (but not psychologically) thriller) novel in a movie that would be accessible to those who did not read the novel, and that might at least be mildly satisfied for those who were. The book is a complex reflection of society, women, and modern life, and I was interested to see how they used the 3 different narratives that led to unfolding in the story of a movie. What they actually did was a crime. <br /> <br /> The biggest mistake and confusion is: Why would Oxygen, a network that promotes as for women, takes an amazing book about how complex, wonderful, and awful women are and can, and change the protagonist from 3 women to some ancient mute cop who have no real motives to be involved in the story? It seems like people who suited it took an easy way out using this guy right up asking Roz, Tony, and Charis about how they knew Zenia and in doing so they ran in much of the book. In doing so though they muddied the story and cut everything that is great about the characters in it, aside from doing it for the audience there was no one credible associated with. In the movie, these women are not the people, they are characters. In Zenia's book, her fake death, but the book mentions her to get this point across, while the film 30-45 minutes focus on this former cop running around and doing nothing to use. They attempted to make this book a complex episode of Law and Order or CSI. <br /> It seems that Mary Louise Parker has played Zenia, which was SO wrong. Zenia is a Catherine Zeta-Jones, Angelina Jolie, or perhaps even a kind of Scarlett Johnasson. It's a man who can not worship, and a woman who is intrigued and threatened by women, but in a "keep your enemy closer" style. And once it gets closer, it looks totally genuine and trustworthy worthy, despite your best judgment. It is the type of woman who, even when she loses, she has: she's always nice, always rich, and there are still people outside who do not know her toy. <br /> <br /> In the movie, Zenia did not take Charis's man (blonde American gagger beauty who used Charis in the first place ...), but instead took August and tried to become guardian her legal (and apparently turned her lesbian lover as a persistent kiss in the coffee implies). And Zenia did kill the chicks before leaving in August, but it did not make any sense since all of the build he had removed. It was as if the person who wrote the scenario was thrilling in pays to satisfy those of you who read the book, but I think I did not read the book, I'd have to pass the movie all confused if I was bothered by the whole of Roz's husband died before Zenia came to the picture (which was strange since Zenia took Roz's business and home life to the book, which is why Roz hated her so much) and she and Zenia has plotted to kill Roz's husband and years back. And according to the movie Tony and West was dating forever ... even in the party where Zenia and West (in the book) painted the whole black and made Tony seem like this totally with it (and what evil, bitchy) who has always been respected by all for his intelligence and popular for her. Tony's character was so bad in this movie ... he seemed a tiny psychic and like the master behind whatever conspiracy was going down as opposed to gawky kind, mildly reclusive teacher he was in the book. The film basically involves clever women are wrong, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are wrong, and women who teach yoga to cut the rokers. They were basically trying to make it so Zenia was not necessarily as terrible as it was in the book, and then, in the end, the three women convinced this former cop (which, of course in the process of doing research On this, meeting Zenia and having an affair with her who is supposed to end up with Barbados or something ridiculous, of course Zenia stays on) for Zenia's hiding place (where to find splat at the hotel she has stayed in, but the movie implies that one of the three women pushed him on the balcony, or was built together to do it ...) and then Zenia also managed to take all Roz's money into the process. At the end of the film I was only half paying attention between advertising b / c he was spiraling so far from space out of what he could and should have been. <br /> <br /> If you're not confused by this hang in the movie, then maybe you'd like it, because I've read the book and saw the movie, and in the movie alone I'm ridiculed confused. It was terrible. I find that making a movie out of this book is quite a task, but if you're going to take over the job, you should start by determining what's in the book is necessary, instead of creating some useless characters to be Alice we are in Wonderland. <br /> <br /> Is there really not flowing books that Oxygen might have at least half decent television decent in?
