If I never read the book, I would say it was a good movie. But I read the book. Who ever made the screen writes the lost scenario. There are many changes, that it's not really worth the title. Character change, draw shift, change time line ... <br /> <br /> The first of who was Henry and the investigator? They were not in the story. Henry had the character Mitch a bit, but Mitch was not a cop. No you did it so roz, helped her 'shed' her body, and used as Zenia's blackmail against Roz. Really called this blackmail was Roz thought Zenia was sleeping with her son and wanted her to get away from her. Her son was also blackmailed because she was hiding being Gay from her mother. Her son was not even truly mentioned in the story. Nor do I believe his lover, the secretary of Roz. <br /> <br /> Tony and West have not joined the start. It was actually Zenia first while in college. The black penthouse apartment was the ideas, Tony just went to visit. This is where Zenia and Tony meet, become friends soon. Tony hid his love for West. Then Zenia leaves the west, with cash in Tony, then West and Tony get together. Eventually married, at some point West made Tony for Zenia again for a while. Only to be broken heart again. Then return to Tony. Zenia's blackmail for Tony was that Tony had written a test paper for Zenia. Now being a college professor she did not want her to get out. I'll tell the character that Tony played was beautiful. Charis character was a blonde, not that it really matters. Zenia did not play it on cancer while Augusta was alive. No it was there when Charis had a lover called Billy. Father Augusta, she was a bride gay in the Vietnam War. Eventually after Charis cared for Zenia for months for what was actually withdrawing drugs. Zenia and Billy have a right affair under Charis's nose while taking care of them both. Then Zenia turn in Billy to the government and leave on the ferry with him. Not with Augusta, Charis was pregnant with her. Charis also had a split personality, Karen was his real name. Zenia did not die at being cut up in the piece .... she dropped or was probably pushed (we never really knew) about the balcony and landed in a spring water. He had almost pure heroine in her blood and she was very likely to take some did not know and fall as she's OD'd. He also really died in Cancer this time around. He did not show any of the children's memories or anything that endeared the characters to the reader. The book was drawn down to its iron bones. Then re doing in the vision of another person. Why could not you just write your own story on the lines of what you did to the movie. It was different enough, and I certainly could do more.
