* Warning - there is no crowd before them, but moviey movies however ... * Other significant I rented this for me to think it would be a terrific romance and a cast all stars. Wow - very, very wrong. This movie is an overcrowded, overwhelming, and overly sensational excuse to release a 15-year-old movie after shooting! The copyright date on the box said in 2005, again during the very first flashback sequence I was looking at the clothes and hairstyles that were supposed to have the early 1960s, and noticed that the girls specifically were late 80s / early 90s dresses and hairstyles. It looks as if he shot a good 15 or 20 years before the rest of the movie! I tried to persuade myself that he was a flashback, and therefore supposed to look old, but he watched WWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYY more 80s than 60s or even 21st century trying 60s ... then an adult coworker of character The lead turn, it looks like the boy was in the sequel of the flashbacks (yet it's different, many older characters with the flashbacks). I was completely confused until I saw in the special features of the short film included - it was all the sequels of the flashbacks, shot in 1990 as a full movie movie in the same title as this movie! It also features book including the little boy all grown up (and indeed co-worker's acting on the 2005 stage). So this movie is just a shell of woven history around an old, re-cut film student put together as an obvious excuse to get it up to running theater time. The shell story, shot in 2005, is mainly about a man who lost his wife and healed recovery and redemption in the dance class that he promised a dead man he will attend in his place (something about a promise made by the man killed in the early 60's of her girls that they would encounter on "the fifth day of the fifth month of the fifth year of the new millennium - an excuse to shoot the segments around the old film in 2005? ) These new and new scenes might have been OK except horrible, horrific sounds that repeat ad nauseum on almost every single new scene with cliche actions that penetrate the new movie. Do not bother. There is one reason you've never heard of the movie This even if it has a well-known cast - it's awful.
