And I repeat, please do not see this movie! This is more than a review. This is a warning. This sets the file for the worst, comedy that ever easier to do. At least with most of the recent comedies nowadays, gags are bit and flat, but the writers and directors wear at least some sort of effort to make them funny. I never get tired of repeating one of my favorite mottos: Everyone thinks they can do comedy, and only 10 percent of them are right. Comedy is tough! This is not a few genre genre can play around with. I think it is atrocious that the filmmakers will compare this piece of trash into "Kentucky movie film." Basically, these bosoms compare the so-called funny talent to those of the brilliant Jim Abrahams and Zucker Brothers. Come on, I saw Pauly Shore movies that are 10 times funnier than the "Comedy Underground Movie." Here's a sample of the comedy for those who are curious about seeing this movie: A sketch involves a superhero dress like a penis named D ** kman. The whole joke is that he defeats his enemies squirting with semen. That's it. That's the whole joke. Wow. This is enough to make Top Carrot roll his eyes. Another draw involves a sexually transmitted man and a deceased person in a pornographic film. And in another draw, there is a ladies lady beauty contest, in which we are exposed to the horrific sights of bikini-clad median women with beer intestines and stretch marks. Plus, make fun of the homeless is sadter than funny. It's a step away from mocking mentally disabled. The whole movie is supposed to be a satire. I think the filmmakers forget that a key element of Satir ... is true !!! For anyone who actually liked this crap, explain to me what's true about any of these gags! Some of the drawings might have been silly on paper, but anyone who took any scanned writing class knows that if a gag is too funny on paper, it probably will not be funny on the screen. If I tell someone about a big, black, muscular gay girl, who saves himself to the right man, he or she would probably laugh. But watching the site played out on the screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag. I hate how every time people criticize a low-noise comedy like this so they're not funny, they're considered squared-up. I just saw "White Chicken" recently. This is another low-front, politically incorrect comedy, but I laugh myself. The most offensive thing about the "Comedy Underground Movie" is it's not funny! What the writers and directors do not understand is that merely being dirty and tasting does not work. There are more! Just think of the famous scene from "There's Something About Mary" (ironically, enough filmmakers to put Farrellys on their special list thanks). The joke on the spaghetti was not just funny because it involved liquid body. There was a rally. Ben Stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did not go out on a date with a "charging weapon." Then he looked around to see where all the spaghetti went after he was released. One hit is on the door, and he answered. Her date, Mary is at the door and this time she reveals that the sperm is hanging on Ben's ear. In this movie, there are multiple gags including squirting characters of sperm in people who have no support. As Jay Leno always says, "That's the comedy thing is not so easy, is it?" Keep that in mind, Vince Offers, 'cause you were not cut out for this genre !! The only reason people can laugh at these gags are because they want to feel hip. Let's face it, nowadays it's hip-laughter in anything politically correct. I know comedy is subjective ... but this movie should not be funny anybody, except perhaps the filmmakers themselves. As a side note, the film was performed before Michael Clarke Duncan fame in movies such as Armageddon and the Green Mile. There can be no other reason why an actor in his or her caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateur freak show. All others in the cast are either non-actors, actor or B-movie star. Karen Black has made a good impression of "Five Easy Favors," but I do not think he did anything in value ever since. Slash was probably the drug being in this movie. Gina Lee Nolin is nothing without "Baywatch." Angelyne is the biggest movie star (keep in mind Duncan was not the most popular at the time), and there are still probably a ton of people who have not heard of it - for good reason. Generally, I'm in support of very low budget low-budget, but this one deserves the float of obscures. I hope the Lord does not become a cult classic! Should not be a law against distributing crap like this?
