The first ... and names like Fred Olen Ray, Brinke Stevens and Jan-Michael Vincent, plus distributors like "Rhino" and "Troma" on the video box, you know what you're entering into with this one. B movie mani! If you're currently waiting to see a thriller "based on Edgar Allan Poe," then forget it with the top right for the excellent series of Roger Corman 60s Poe movie. This is the best quality, sleazy sleazy (and just a pedestrian attempt in a draw similar to the "First Burial"), filled with many R-rated, ready-for-sex sex and stripping. However, it's certainly fun and fun in a kind of slipshod in style ... <br /> <br /> Brink (with three naked scenes in the first 30 minutes) play rich, traumatized, housewife insomniac Victoria Monroe, who fears that being prematurely entombed stems from his belief that the fate even happened to his father (Hoke Howell). Terry's worthless husband (Jay Richardson) has rushed up some serious gambling debts (she must be a gangster played by Robert Quarry) and, with his help from his rogue, blonde, European-accent secretary Lisa Lisa (Delia Sheppard) Plots do away with Brinke for his money. Non-value actress Karen Black drops in a short time wearing a blond wig as a hypnotist (it's also talented way to be an insignificant role like this), 50s sci-fi / horror star Robert Clarke plays a doctor and family friend and Michael Berryman show up for a decent nightmarish sequence to make an autopsy on a still-living Vicki. Jan-Michael Vincent mostly sits out of a house to his goo-goo eyes as Brinke and exits home. The slaughter-a-husband-to-earth-heritage plot has made a million times before, the end is an unintentional riot (conclusion with a direct rip-off in the Zuni fiction segment in the TRILOGY OF TERROR) and who will create the face of cold bar and head capacitance for this release need to sharpen up on their skills a bit. Brinke does a decent job to make her character a bit sympathetic, but the biggest surprise of all is how good old pet pets Delia Sheppard is in her role. He stole each scene he was in and easily gave the exceptional performance here.
