Hallam Foe tells us the story of a boy who lost his mother and experienced some sort of complex Oedepus afterwards. It's something like 95 minutes time, but would be better at ten. There's such an hour in the middle of which it's doing climbing practices on three, and habits of a church tower like Quasimodo (only it is much less sympathetic). There's a strange love story that involves that you do not have anything to do with anything. It happens to be her mother, yes, what? We know he misses his mother, that's the first ten minutes on. They should just be put into the beginning and ending together and would be an O.K. short film. Now it is a portrait of a character that has not changed. He is a guy who is happening. Only active choices in the middle of the movie are to apply for a job. There's all this Oedepus going on which is going to make us analyze his character. She painted her face, dressed in women's clothing and wore a badger die on her head. A Badger! You've got to see the finish! He returned home with the badger on his head (and was shot as a movie movie) to kill his father's wife (which he had sex with at the beginning). And somehow they thought this would not be fun enough to put some indie punk music in the background. I had to admit if, I'm kind of allergic to films that want to write a psychological complex on your nose. He feels like this MacKenzie director / guy director / whoever tries to show us that he has also studied psychology at school. You are so clever! Thank you for bringing all the theories that have been forgotten back to our memory! You really searched! What a Wallraff! Okay so now I realize this movie is based on some random books, but anyway .. <br /> <br /> Photowise it is boring. A lot of talking heads. Plus the editor has changed the colors from the stage scene, you know cold and warm etc. Why? Perhaps "Hallam Foe" is both a feature and a movie film for color blind people. Or maybe they thought that the drama would not be enough to tell us that it feels alone, so they grow blue so we really get it. <br /> I will not even comment on the Indo-oh-how-how-how-how-cute artistic drawings are made in the presentation. With all the "beautiful" sex things going on. This whole movie is an independent cliché. But I recommend it. I laughed over a few times. Though it is really annoying to be a movie student and to see how crap like this gets into the car.
