Once again I saw a movie made by people who do not know anything. I just recently reviewed Baby Face Nelson. Now I've seen Dillinger and I've got it. <br /> This movie is garbage. I do not know how anyone in their right mind would compare this to a classic like Bonnie and Clyde. This movie is away from a classic. Someone calls it brilliant. This is something crazy to say. This movie can not find any real facts and has the worst casting I've ever seen. I do not know that his mute idea has cast Warren Oates as John Dillinger. First of all, it seems nothing like it. Second of all, by John Dillinger's death he was 31. When Oates did this he was 45! You might even say that she is over the real Dillinger just do not look at her. Not only was he too old, but was Ben Johnson as Melvin Purvis. <br /> They show Baby Face Nelson dies, then Homer Van Meter, and finally John Dillinger. John Dillinger was killed before both of them. One of the last dead from the three was baby face Nelson. Not only do the writers know when they died, but they also do not know how they died. Baby face Nelson did not kill after she escaped from Little Bohemia in a robe. Homer Van Meter has not been killed by farmers who have shotgun. Homer Van Meter was cornered by the police in St. Paul and shot down with machine guns. Another member of the Dillinger's gang, Harry Pierpont has shown that injection was shot by police in this film. Pierpont was not shot. Harry Pierpont was captured and sentenced to death in the electric chair. I go to what happened to Baby Face Nelson about my Nelson baby review so I'm not going to enter it again here. Let me also add that Richard Dreyfuss' portrait of Baby Face Nelson is pathetic. There's a scene where he attacks Dillinger and then gets a bad beat. While Dillinger was beating him, he was crying like a baby and screaming, "Let me alone!" Baby Face Nelson and John Dillinger never fought. Perhaps Dillinger did not agree with Nelson's method of robbing methods, but they never fought. Nelson also cried out as a girl while getting beaten. They continue to call him Lester "Baby Face" Nelson. He never lived in this name. Nelson's real name was Lester Gillis and changed his name to George Nelson. Black guy escaped from prison and Dillinger was Herbert Youngblood, but in this film he is known as Reed Youngblood. John Milius does not know anything. Where did John Milius find his information? I could probably make a movie much better than her. <br /> <br /> Finally the way to show John Dillinger's death is outrageous and unjustifiable. The movie shows Dillinger walking from the Biograph and Lady of Red and his girlfriend Billie Frechette. By the way, Billie Frechette did not even have that night. But a girl named Polly Hamilton was. Melvin Purvis yelled, 'Johnny!' Dillinger pulls his gun and blows in hell. It is a fact that Dillinger did not have a gun at night. The FBI gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in the eye, he was bleeding. They did not even have to shoot him. They were so close that burning powders were found on his face. He killed people. They also say that the man killed that night was not John Dillinger. After you've killed the tonnes of civilians in the Little Bohemia incident, can you imagine the FBI reports just kill another innocent without a gun? The gun on the display was supposedly about Dillinger was also proven not fabricated until after Dillinger's death. I could go on and on how the man was killed by John Dillinger, but I'll stop here. If you would like to know more check it out here <br /> See the Dillinger and Lawrence versions if desired, but do not waste your time with this correct piece of waste films.
