I always wrote this series as being a Stink-Fest net because Jim Belushi was involved in it, and heavy. But then one day was a tragic tragic. After a toxic white game ended I realized that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow. Now I could just get up and walk around the room to get the remote, or even the TV turns the channel. But then why not just get up and walk around the country to watch TV in another state? "Black and so," I said. So I decided to just hang up on the couch and take whatever Fate had to shop for me. What fate was in store was an episode of this show, an episode about which I remember very little except that I had once again made a great deal, sweeping general trial on the basis of objective zero or experimental evidence and not There's nothing else to turn my opinion up with, and once again I was completely right! This show is a crud-pie total! Belushi has all the comedy delivery of a fairy lighthouse foghorn. Women are physically attractive, but too Stepford-is to eliminate any real feelings of the viewer. There is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local TV station with a case of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this blow to back into hell. <br /> <br /> Except for the wonderful funny story of Larry Joe Campbell, America's greatest American character. This guy plays Belushi's brother-in-law, Andy, and she's gold. How good is it really? Well, aside from funny, his job is to make Belushi look good. That's like trying to make straw buds look good. But Campbell pulls it off with style. Someone should invent a Nobel Prize in Funny Buffoonery so he can have it every year. Without Larry Joe this show would consist of a little empty looking Courtney Thorne-Smith smacking Belushi on the head with a frying pan while alternately beat his chest and played with the straw on the floor in his cage. 5 stars for Larry Joe Campbell designated Funny Bacon because it enhances the taste of everything it's in!
