What about Dahmer's childhood? - The double hernia surgery that is believed to have spawned off her mania and the inner workings of the human body? What about "infinite country"? - The game he invented as a child involving male batons being canceled when they become too close to each other, suggests that intimacy was the ultimate danger. What about the relationship between his parents, and emotional issues of his mother was far more important than just his own relationship with his father? Feel it in negligence when his brother was born? What about his passion and insects and animals? How would she disguise roadkill and hang her up in the woods behind her home? What about focusing more on cannibalism? And what about his parents' divorce? These are everything that should be included in the movie. Instead the movie maker chose to give us a 'snapshot' rolling down from one night or two in his life and combining it with confused series and at times recovering needed leaves, in events that did not even particularly related to our understanding of Dahmer. Why did not the movie maker show how Dahmer was interested in people as objects rather than people? He was able to make this point many times, particularly at the scene in which he was drug victims also having sex with them (who actually took place in a health club, not a night club). Instead she just shows her ramming away at her anal. <br /> <br /> Also, I appreciate having only a lot of information you can bash in 90 minutes (or however long), but why spend as much of the movie examining her relationship with Luis Pinet? (known as Rodney in this movie). My only desire is that the director was trying to build Pinet's character, to try and make us frightened or empathized with him, but this movie was supposed to be about Jeffrey Dahmer, so why could not he passed it forty minutes on something else? If the scene and relationships were important enough to guarantee this time just enough, but it was not. The scene in which he killed Steven Hicks, his first victim, is an important part of the story of Jeffrey Dahmer because he was the first to kill, and because of the effect of killing was over his life. Unfortunately the film does not explain that he first killed him, or that he did not kill again for nine years. We suppose, because her hair style is different, and it is wearing glasses that this is a flashback, but at what time? And why? <br /> What about the chapel she made in her bedroom sitting toward the end of her career? - One of the most important indications we have towards understanding Dahmer and his motivation .. <br /> Some people can find my need for accuracy in reality and a bit bit detail, but he studied Jeffrey Dahmer In the depth, it is clear to see that this film has very little in common with the person he and the crimes he committed. Why harness to spend the time doing a wounded film based on Jeffrey Dahmer rather than attacking the real issues behind his descent into the madness and carnage that follow? <br /> <br /> Finally, a film and substance as mosquito reputations like this should bring a 18 certificate, not a 15. We needed to see her perversion in more depth, to understand just how to detach it came from the rest of us. This does not mean that the exercise is actually entering the Sinthasomphone head for example, but at least one indication of the number of people he has killed, and what his opera mode was actually killed. Anyone watching this movie who does not know the story of Dahmer might have come to think he had just killed a few people. He actually killed seventeen men. Aside from reality and lack of depth, the film is not all bad. There are some nice movies, and good performances of the two main characters. I would like to see this done again by a film maker with more knowledge, more energy, and a better reason to make the movie in the first place.
