Skullduggery is a weird, strange movie based on the novel "We'll Know Them" by Vercors. Critical criticism of the film feels really sick, since it is a movie that deals with serious terms such as humankind, and pleasure for just moral principles and tolerance. But in spite of its honorable intentions and its well-meaning tone, Skullduggery simply is not a very good movie. For me, the main problem is the terribly disorienting narrative that can not mind it up how best to transmit its message. The first half of the movie is like watching a forest forest expansion forest in Tarzan ilk; later it was teetered in sci-fi factory; At the end he slipped into the court melodramatics. The tone differences between each section of the movie are too big, too jarring, neglected. They stick out like a thumb and remind you that you are constantly watching a movie, disorganized film. <br /> <br /> An archaeological expedition in the New Guinea forest led by the adventurer Douglas Temple (Burt Reynolds). One of the main archaeologists involved in the excursion is to attract scientist Dr. Sybil Greame (Susan Clark). After a very difficult carriage to stumble on a clan of strange creatures similar. These primitive, long-lost people are covered by hair and have survived for centuries without being touched or influenced by modern-day developments. There are some proofs that they can be the ancestors of early man ?? The "missing link" of the evolution will be in person. Or maybe a race of people who simply look and behave differently from the usual? Or even an animal race that began to develop human characteristics? Archaeologists call the branch "Trophy" and are firstly thrilled by the implications of their discovery. But things take a devastating turn when nasty Vancruysen opportunism (Paul Hubschmid) stated his intention to exploit the tribe and the idols on behalf of developers. He asked whether Trophy are really "human" and took his argument in court, where he hopes to be granted legal retreat for his own greedy ambitions can continue .. This was a film very early in Reynolds' career, and it's actually unbalanced this movie by acting as it is in a comedy while the rest of the cast takes it all very seriously. Not that Reynolds can blame ?? It has been an impossible role, they are asked to play a good adventurer who really belongs to a Tarzan tariff. Her character and film are not important to each other. Clark Fares is the best archaeologist to the reliable lady, and has outstanding support for British actor Edward Fox, Alexander Knox and Wilfrid Hyde-Blan. A major shortcoming in Skullduggery is the lame and effective make-up used to give tropical appearance to hairy hair. Rather than making the actors look like credible hominoid, the hair-on hair simply makes them look unpleasant funny ??. and that's just not the right idea. We mean they feel so much empathy for these creatures, but that's awfully hard when they look so compelling. Skullduggery is an attempt to tell a story that could be intense, philosophical and interesting. The honorable intentions are for everyone to see, but the end result does not make them justice. A failure to deserve it might be a failure however.
