While the general idea of ​​escape from Atlantis was intriguing, I found the movie to be far less than I expected for reading summer reading. Maybe I'm too much of a child of technological age: the movie was made, as it is now 2002, an official five years ago - after looking erotic fantasy like Lord of the Rings, and science fiction fairies like Star Wars, as a whole he could not compare to other movies in similar lines such as Dinotopia or Homer's Odyssey. <br /> <br /> My beef, basically, is that I could not relate - I just about the same age of the kids (a young adult) of a middle-aged person if that is character available. But the picture did not take me to a different mental plight of existence. I did not find myself saying 'ACK! I would do the same thing! '. It did not open the doors of my imagination. Even without comparing it to movie-high movie budgets or other TV cinema, stand alone, some aspects of the feature I get to be cliché: The development of character of the kids has been born too rapidly for my liking, seeing too much of the stereotypes of selfish-teenager Image after-divorce-change-divide-to-large-happy-family-let's-never-separated-again feeling that can finally make or break a picture in the long run. Even the characters themselves may have been improving: a typical series of one or other stereotypes. There was the beauty of all-time selfish creatures to be rebel, accompanied by Mr. Perfect image of combining athletic, looks good and intelligence yet a brooding attitude, and finally the little smart little aleck we get to be so common that day them. While I know the personality pushes the story together, I think adding more independence as far as nuances and more unique differences would make it a more enjoyable - and credible (as far as character) - movie. <br /> <I want to have my mirror in costume and wear costume - which made it worth finishing in the end for me. Do not get me wrong: all the movies are worth seeing for yourself, and the one opinion can never quarrel for the very opinion, but I think with a little more profound script, and a little more (I can not believe I say this) fact I dare say Escape from Atlantis could be magic.
