The main problem with the documentary "The Czech Dream" is that it does not really say what he thinks. <br /> In an intrepid - I'm reluctant to use the word "inspiring" - acting in street theory, Fast Klusak and Philip Remunda, two student movies from the Czech Republic, pulled a big venture to serve as the basis for their films : a "hypermarket" border (Eastern European equivalent of Costco or Wal Mart Store), built an advertising campaign all around it - replete with billboards, radio and television spot, an official logo, a catchy theme song and photos of fake goods - and then wait to see just how many "dopes" would show up to their creation on opening day. They even built a fortunate facade to convince the store itself actually existed. One might well ask, "Why do such things?" Well, this is a very good question, but the filmmaker response is not all that meets a single one. Essentially, we are saying that the purpose of the cascade has shown how easy to manipulate in believing something - even something that is not true - simply in the power of advertising. And the movie makers run for moral cover in claiming that "real" (the highest) goal for the charade is to convince the Czech people not to fall for all the promotions they are encouraging to join the EU. Fair enough - especially when one considers that the current advertising agrees to go along with the waterfall to declare the immoral nature of the client's sleep, all while justifying the collaboration of the deception does not claim it to be a "search" in what and does not work in advertising. In a way, do not allow themselves to be caught on camera to make these comments, these guys and women are as many dupes of the filmmakers as the unsuspecting poor people who are the main target of the coup. But in many ways, the satirical arrow not only does not hit its intended purpose, it ironically zero right back around on the very movies that launched it. For these are they and not the people good-hearted and naturally believed to finally come in as the unethical people and the class here, as they continue to fool people out of people perfectly decent, some of them old and disabled and forced to travel long distance to get to the place. And what is all this supposed to prove anyway? These people are "greedy" because they go to the opening of a new supermarket looking for bargains? Or are they stupid and gullible because they suspect that there might not be an actual market even if one was released? Such vigilance would require a cynic level that would make it virtually impossible to function in the real world. <br /> No, I'm scared that smart-alecky, embarrassing little "cascade" just proves what to fill and Think about the filmmakers is to make some people feel really like idiots. And, really many of them, when they finally discovered the trick that played on them, reacted with a pity and good humor I was not sure I could slip I found myself in their position. <br /> I do not say that the film is not inviting - something analogous to witnessing a massive traffic accident in action - but when the dirt was finally settled with all the shamans returning red-faced customers Houses, we can safely declare that they themselves should not feel disappointed.
