Like most people I intrigued when I heard the concept of this movie, especially the "movie makers were then attacked" aspect that the case seemed to emphasize, what with the photo on the cover of the movie makers was chased by an angry mob. Then they watched the movie and discovered, oh, what they meant by the "movie makers were attacked" there were some children casting stones in a sign and a number of people crying loudly, saying "Somebody would Must beat these two children. "The picture on the cover," chase "as it was? Total Fabrication. Which I guess the tune in with the film theme, lying and manipulation meets vain, stupid kids with more money and time then senseless. <br /> I have no idea what the greatness the viewer should suppose to take away from this movie. It's like "Roger & Me" Michael Moore, but if "Roger & Me" was Moore mocking the people in Flint. It's completely misdirected and totally inhuman. Wow! Can you believe that people who suffer from communist cows would really be excited to have full market share of food? What jerks! And it's not so much, "Look at the effects of capitalism and western media blah blah blah", since it was not fair that the fake markets had comparable price competitors, it was that, as many people in the movie said, prices were Absolutely low, someone mentioned that they should know it was fake by how much they were charged for ducks. This does not prove anything except that the poor, they will go to a store with low prices, brave fellas, the way to stick to the people at the bottom. <br /> <br /> Way to play a stupid joke practice on the elderly. You should be very proud. How about for your next movie you make a documentary about Iraq and show how people will get really excited for a home without bullet holes in the walls, and then say, "HAHA! NON These HOUSE EXISTS! YOU MUST STOP Love "Morgan" Please Like Me "Spurlock unleashes this wet fart into a movie and it does not surprise since Spurlock as one hit the world's Wonder documentary ruler seems to throw his weight behind any sounding conceptual for remaining important to a world that really does not have any need of it. <br /> <br /> Avoid the epidemic.
