When I saw this film I heard all the hype, and I heard how people said Denzel deserved the Oscar and his Golden Globe, I believe he had to do an exceptional job considering Kevin Spacey was excellent. I was guilty. I realize that people say that's not upset the African American community (if not African Americans themselves). I still hear complaints about how African Americans never nominate and how they should be. Sometimes this is true (not as much nowadays) because Whoppi Goldberg should have been the best actress for the Purple and the movie should have better photos. The only reason this movie has blown up as it was is because people see a movie about their difficulty (* SEMI-SPOILER *) in an African American during a very racist period of time and they automatically mark it as a masterpiece . <br /> Denzel Washington is an outstanding actor, but her role in this movie did not affect me too. I was bored with her in the movie, and her acting here was quite similar to her role in Malcolm X, but not as good. The audience should believe that this man, Rubin Carter, is a saint. Those who left the cinema worshiped this man, his hero, and went out and bought his books, making this heroes of a rich man. <br /> <br /> * FILO * This film tells the story of a man who spent most of his life in prison mostly for his crime did not commit. Of course the crimes he (mostly stealing) were only to survive, nothing more. People were sorry for it, though the vendor's trades and the robbers probably amounted to the same reasons, but they looked down into society. Everything in this film tries to show this man as a saint (except for the obvious infidelity he had towards his wife and the aggression he showed to others when he met his wife) but why would not it read all, it is his point of view. I do not like movies (especially Hollywood interpretations) based on "true" stories because they usually distort the "true" parts of something else, something not so true. This was his point of view with a Hollywood construction, but everyone believed he was unworthy of the truth. Well, I did research her past a while before making any assumptions, and she was a very violent man. Not only that, there is always a possibility of killing these people. If you do not believe me, search for it on the internet, and read the articles some people have in it. The boxing match he claimed was easy for him, was actually won by his opponent Joey Giardello and had his tapes proven. In addition, there are many tightness and exercise left to do in this movie. Thrown in support were the lovely people I had ever seen on Earth's face and the "beautiful and perfect" character seemed hard to keep. <br /> <br /> This movie was a Hollywood version of another unfortunate story that still remains to be true. Denzel's Denzel is stale, and Mickey Mouse's joint mood supports them annoying. The film also starts very slowly and is boring.
