I have this movie out of the library now and I have not finished watching it. It's so bad I'm in disbelief. Audrey Hepburn was totally losing her talent then, although she would be very happy with it at 'Robin and Marian.' This is the worst thing about this stupid stupid movie. It's really only in interest because it was her latest feature film and the appearance of Dorothy Stratten just before her homicide. <br /> <br /> There is nothing but idiots between Gazzara and his colleagues. Small signals with small bows and nods real vicious comedians in which this is the faintest, palace shadow. <br /> <br /> Who would believe that there are even some of the same Manhattan settings that Hepburn remain so magically and even mythical at 'Breakfast in Twenty Years' Tiffany's? The soundtrack of old Sinatra song and the Gershwin song from which the caption title is too loud and obvious - you certainly do not have to wait for the credits to find out that something has been subtly woven into the cinema music in the photo to know when the songs wither away from you. <br /> <br /> 'Return to say' means going back up as well as going down, I guess. In this case, Odys Hepburn's elegant European lady is all that you see in an ancient man sometimes an actress and always a star. Here he even lost his talent as a star. If a talented person has continued to grow in the period, like Ann-Margret, has played the role, there would be some life in it, even giving the unbelievable material and Mongoloid-level situations. <br /> <br / Hepburn was a great man, of course, bigger than most movie stars ever dreamed of, and was once one of the best and beautiful films of actors. After this obnoxious performance, he went on to make a TV movie at Robert Wagner called 'love among thieves.' In 'They All Happened' it is as if he was still playing an ingenue in his 50's. Even so much venerous and actually less intelligent actress who insists on doing this like Lana Turner was infinitely more effective than Hepburn. Turner took action seriously even when it was bad. Hepburn does not take it seriously at all, could not be bothered with it; even her hair and clothes look tacky. Last really good work it was in 'Two for the Road,' maybe it's more perfect, if not best in many ways. <br /> <br /> And girls who play country singer is just disgusting. Jan Ritter is awful, there is simply nothing to recommend this movie except to see Dorothy Stratten, who was really nice. Otherwise, David Thomson's criticisms that used to use 'lost his talent' have never made more sense. <br /> <br /> Ben Gazarra has lost all sex appeals by then and so we have 2 films with Gazarra and Hepburn - who can ask for nothing less? Sandra Dee latest, losing the film "Lost," from 2 years later, a low-budgetary, has been more than that. At least her mother spoke in her own voice; By 1981, Audrey Hepburn's accent had just sounded comical; he would go on to make the PBS Gardens in the world with Audrey Hepburn 'and have a bit disappointing it works as it walks in English gardens with aristocracy or wax effectively on' what I love most is when flowers go back to nature! 'as in the wildly natural, but in an actual fictional movie, it just sounds ridiculous. <br /> To think that 'The Tiffany's Breakfast' was such a profound sort of poetic light and Audrey Hepburn one of the most beautiful women in the world - it was surely one of the most beautiful screens in 'Bloody Lady' My belt, matching Garbo in several things with Delphine Seyrig in 'last year at Marienbad.' Then this! With her short role as 'Hap' angel in the movie Spielberg 'Still' was just more of the ladies stuff - blow, scarcity and agitation. <br /> I went to her memorial service at the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, a wonderful service that includes a chorus boy singing song of Shaker 'simple gift.' The only thing that is not in the program played in the sudden 'Moon Hepburn's River' song about the Fire 'Fire in the Tiffany', and this has brought many emotions and some real tears from the people. /> A great lady who was once a fine actress (as in the 'Nun' story) and one of the greatest and most beautiful movie stars in many films in the 50's and 60's have become one really bad - this is not all common. And maybe it's just a great man being, doing things like trivial performance films, nevertheless there are lots of self-esteem to have the flaws pointed out mercilessly - that all of his late film works are in abundance. Most of the talk about Hepburn's unlucky is on 'My Fair Lady.' But the one that should have been the original actress of 'Waiting until Black,' has starred Lee Remick on Broadway. Never as celebrated as Hepburn, he was a better actress in many ways (Hepburn was completely incapable of playing really really sordid), although Hepburn was at least adequate enough in that part. And all of it acts down.
