I heard and read lots of praise for "Midnight Train", based on a short story written by Clive Barker and supposedly the best adaptation of her work since the original "Hellraiser" that she directed herself, but so far I can only express very mixed feelings about my experience. The most appropriate theme to summarize the entire movie in word just is: nauseating! Violence is sadistic and extreme, which undoubtedly attracts young hobby enthusiasts, but it's also indescribably gratuitous with exploitation. Normally, I'm very pro-violence but has at least served some kind of purpose. The Seal ?? literally ?? Represented in "Meat Midnight Train" is the only means that shocks and refuels viewers with low and low-mad nervous systems, and even without effectively completely due to the use of digital computer effects. There are more shortcomings, some even larger than the freewheel gurus, but maybe I should focus on the proper components first. The basic concept is definitely promising and multiple sequences (such as the chase in frozen rooms, for example) are literally oozing and slipping nails-biting and macabre atmosphere. Unfortunately the rhythm is very unmatched and the elaboration of the potentially fantastic draw made unnecessarily entangled. Obviously the process of a brief history of a long film feature is responsible for slowing down the irregularities, but I honestly feel that they could do more with the denier as well as the character played by Vinnie Jones. The plot introduces Leon, an aspiring photographer in New York whose agents are advised to search for really menacing figures in the city through sinister pictures. Leon then gets obsessed with following an intruder and suspect alleged conduct that is always waiting for the midnight train. Leon's right, as the butcher turns out to be a relentless mercenary killer who literally breaks his victim with a big hammer, but the motivation of the assassin and suggests suggests there's something far more considerable to go on the rails at night. The "Midnight Train of the Meat" takes place in places that are naturally disturbing as night train stations and animal abducts, plus the film also benefits from good performance acting on a truck of highly disturbing images (such as kadavers on meat hooks and railroad chains blood), but the director Ryûhei Kitamura ("Versus", "Godzilla Final War") does not take full advantage of it all. The ending leaves a lot of questions unanswered and, even though Clive Barker is saying that they are like this, I still think we deserve a little bit more clarified. "Meat Midnight Train" is a bit intriguing and definitely haunting, but not defective. It does not intend to be easy to watch for viewers, but maybe people looking for plots and clerks should also leave it alone.
