I've heard a lot about this movie, and those who wrote me tell me I should see it, as I'm a fan of very blood, movies. I got my hand on it almost right away, but one thing or another always keeps me from watching it - until now. I'd better not remember I had it. <br /> <br /> This movie was atrocious. The worst thing is if it's been so much better than it actually was. I know it was a story by Clive Barker and all, and no I do not read her story - but it appears to me that if you do not have then you will, as I was, completely clueless and utterly disappointed. > <br /> The movie begins good enough - the actors are convinced, the story is interesting. The first scene is blood - a great way to catch your attention. I thought that the blood looked a bit bad but saw that it was the very first scene I was hoping for improvement later on. I was guilty. <br /> <br /> Blood and effects are so awful, it was almost an insult to my intelligence to be expected to believe, for example, someone could hit someone's head right on their shoulders with only a hammer meat. WTF? CGI blood (they even used any "real" blood at all? My house did things looks better than any used in this movie!), Incredible act of dismantling (eyeballs popping out just from hitting head up The arm is cut off neatly - no remembrance is good in our whole body?), too dark scene (each scene is either an odd yellow color, or in the shade hide) ... it just gets worse worse. I find myself showing mistakes after mistakes. There's just too much. Add this to the fact that what could and would be a great serial-assassin movie turned into some demonic / supernatural / monster movie at the end ... no thank you! It should be kept as a croak guy clogs in the train - OK, with a theory of design-cast and a overzealous photographer. Maybe they kill and sell the meat through the meat plant? Plausible, doable ... and a lot better I think of the "real" story. That may have and work. Instead it has become a "living creature at the end of the old tunnel and everyone knows about it but you, and unless you read the book, well ... you just will never understand it" fiasco. Tragically, what is a terrible thing to do in a movie that has such potential. If you love mindless fake and gore, you'll love this. But if you have half a brain in mind then you will completely hate it. Stay away- far away.
