I do not know why, but I thought I had seen this movie before. Maybe it was the name, maybe it was posting in way to look, I do not know. Anyway, it was quite promising at the beginning. And even in all features at all there were some bright moments. Perhaps it's because I'm not a big fan of the horrors, and I'm not watching them so much, but this one actually looks cool sometimes. But the rest of it is not so good. Reliable at times. The film is slow to rhythm, sometimes you will find that boredom you would forget that the story was over. Characters are not great either. All of them. The seal is OK, looks crap and crazy enough. Although I did not find that the stuffing stuffs on his chest (the whole scene just looked fake and out-of-blue), and why did he collect people in the house jars? The main lead is plain. Her character is really hard to believe in, and highly undeveloped. But I guess that's a syllabic fault. How did she cry when she took pictures of her girlfriend? Side cast is also bad. But the main thing I was hated in this movie was the girl. My God, when will women in horror movies have any brain? It's ridiculous. The girl finds that a maniac took her companion camera, trying to go to police, which failed, and then she thinks about the best idea ever. Why not just go and take it! I know where this crazy life is! Yes! This swells! Then look for the camera in the bathroom! Why? Then walk through the room, see a bag that was not before, and just have a look inside. Maybe the camera is there? No. But loads of interesting things. Clear. Mmmm. To realize that the bag means that the butcher turns too hard for the small brain. Then, of course, never finished "falling while running" trick, which really makes it look bad. Then put the final nail into the character, at the end of the movie, and walk in the wagon filled with dead bodies hanging up, shouting "Noooo" like it just tore it Guksi bag, and walk further into the wagon . .. Jeez. Come. No one else just thinks it, well, stupid? Just awful. If his character was not so bad, maybe the movie would get another star or two in my hand. And I could even forgive MMT characters that can take a hit at the top with a steel hammer (which dude in the train that killed the conductor), green stuffy that can be protected from bullets, strange monsters and cheap looking In the end (I Didn It's not Clive Barkers novel, so I have no idea where these monsters came from), the fact that no one cares for hundreds (judging on the skeletons in the dungeon) disappeared from the city, and the main character who did not bleed death when he got his tongue worn out (he barely noticed it I guess). Oh, and finish the predictable. Sadly, I knew the way half ended, it's just disappointing. The only reason I always give some credit to the musicians, is that the movie generally seems better than most of the horrors I've been watching over a few months. Visual style is beautiful, some shots were really nice and good CGI that killed the killings really brutal. (although blood did not look real at all) I guess some people enjoy it, some, like me, watching it if nothing else to look, some will absolutely hate it.
