Is it the same Kim Ki Duk who has been impressive, life-spanning testimony in "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter, and Spring"? Kim Ki Duk in the same led exquisite, almost silent, eager to see the environment of "Iron Iron"? Kim Ki Duk has been blinded to the stupid tragedy of the "Coast Guard" and has brought us into the stomach of nonchalant young prostitution before returning to his almost patented motive that allows us all (characters and viewers seems) to experience redemption of "Samaritan girl"? I just can not seem to get it in this movie. <br /> Oh, be sure Kim's nature motifs are still present. The film takes place entirely on a lake surrounded by mountains and fishing floats resting on the surface of calm water. Yes, Kim Kim Duk, indeed. Kim even described the movie as "beautiful" in an interview included in the special features DVD. But I'm not sure what to say after you watch this presentation. <br /> <br /> What is beautiful about angry, curly-lips, lustful, violent and toilet-mouth sailor, a mute trader, explicit animal turtle, top-mutilation sequence and a vausingly balanced vibration between better and britalite mindless? These are the only elements of humankind that present themselves in this film completely confusing and finally free. If it is based on a fab or intent as a parable or to say that to be symbolic of something bigger, this review is familiar with the source material. It was favorably compared to "Audition" by Japanese director Takashi Miike (many of Kim's satisfaction), but aside from some amazingly good performances, especially given what they worked with, by lead actor Seo Jung and Kim Yoo Suk, I found little reason to recommend this movie. I did not see "Audition," but I doubt it would change in any way my look at the "Isle." Her violence is pornographic and senselessly sadist. Her sex is not pornographic, but passionate and masochistic. Character behaves on disappointing impressions because there is no conspiracy. His point is either non-existent, or I will admit, to lose among Korean cultural careers that I fail to understand. The only beauty is in the cinematography, which is classic Kim: blur-lapping slowly across a tranquil lake, mountainous terrain dominates the background, with an imaginative and playful use of colors. At times it seems as if the viewers are locked in a huge Kim Ki Duk romper room. Some touches, such as the mysterious and seductive trading trader played by Jung and the odd pleasant odd of motorcycles, are intriguing. But as a movie, this effort is outright confusing and, in the end, offensive to the senses, not necessarily sensitivity. One is hoping that Kim will leave this kind of movie-making in the dump of his past, so we know it is capable of more.
