Let me begin by saying that I would read a number of reviews before renting this movie and the kind knew what to expect. Still, I was surprised by just how bad it was. <br /> I'm a great fan of werewolves, and they have grown accustomed to forgive a great deal when watching one. Most of them have target-par effects, poor acting, and weak storylines (at best rehashed from earlier film). So far, with the possible exceptions to some of the films later "Howling", this is the worst of the many. <br /> <br /> First, the story. He has quoted several times in review on this site, so I will not go into specifics. However, it is very evident that the writer (s) had absolutely no affinity for lyanantopic monsters. As happens often when a horror movie is given to a writer who consider themselves the "highest" fare, they tried to come up with a new turn on the werewolf mythos. That's fine, but a non-pressing fan-trying to do this generally does not respect the intelligence and sophistication of the horror hearing and ends up writing about them. The draw feels like a comic imitation of werewolves, and the events show just the false ring that I felt intelligence was seriously insulting. Television news news, for example, never shakes off the lock-up reporter on someone in the crowd behind them. Give the characters and prospects viewers so they could spot the bad guy in the scene without using a flashing neon sign. And it's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> As for effect, I've never seen a less credible wordbreak. I would have been happier with Lon Chaney Jr of hair creping. The animal was used to watch a great deal like ... well, like a guy in a cheap rubber suit and some hair stuck on with some really awesome animatronics. And I know that many have already criticized the CG, but my God was terrible. A scene features a woman changing, and begins with a completely CG version of the actress, naked, but for some reason without nipples. First of all, I was, "hey, why is one of the characters from 'Reboot' turning into a funny werewolf? ' Anyway, I like to look for positives in any movie, and there are a few. The film was crossed (the film was shooting all digital, interesting) and some of the performances were not terrible. It was also interesting to see Tippi Hedron as the best make-up woman in the homeless world, and Kane Hodder as the bad guy's title. Also, the Yellow Power Ranger got all grown up and ... well, damn. But if you are looking for skin, there are some nice tasty examples. This ends the male-pig segment of the review. In general, if you want a good winding movie, try "A American Werewolf in London", the original "The Howling", "Dog Soldiers", or the same "Wolfen" (though one had more wild beasts than they were). If you are a complete lycanthrope, then take a clamp. Otherwise, give this one a miss.
