Although he knew that either great fan of Noam Chomsky, or thought he was a tired relic in the 1960s, I really had no opinion of the man, save that I knew he had come to fame as a linguist, although I could not elucidate any of his theory, and that he was a liberal and Marxist socialist leaning. So stumble across the DVD in 2003 by Noam Chomsky's documentary: Rebel Without A Pause, in a video store used, a movie that followed him on a 2002 book book for 9-11 pounds, I decided to get it, just to I might have a little bit of knowledge about this man in the next time someone, pro or con, talked about him. While happy I got the movie, my initial reaction to this ill and ill edited was, so what's the fuss about? <br /> For a man with a lot of degrees, to get a lot of applause as 'most importantly alive scholar', by the New York Times, according to the DVD case, there is sure there was not much, intelligently speaking. I know I would chew him and spit him out of a debate, and I would not even want to look what a William F. Buckley could do to him. By the way, the whole film was astonishing about Chomsky seeing conspiracy everywhere, and having glazed ejed elbows in bewilderment approval of the most searched and outrageous things it would say, rather than being on linguistic, so maybe that's The reason for it has come so seriously. But again, if it is a linguist, and head to his garden, why in the world would anyone care what he said about anything outside his garden of expertise ???. Even worse, his accolade, which seems to insulate the man from reality, does not encourage the allegations that Chomsky is a target for Zionist killer. Which little I knew in Chomsky before watching this movie, this much I knew: it was generally considered a tea, and pretty much irrelevant intellectually, since the fall of the Soviet Empire. The film is so poorly structured, and without a narrow wire, it's hard to divide the noise. His wife, Carol, as an example, apparently gave one interview, which was cut up and released everywhere in the movie. It looks like a beautiful woman, but totally out of her element to answer anything but the most basic questions about life. Lone interesting thing to say is that 9/11 was a great thing for the Chomskys, because it has been rooting a great deal of money in speaking brothers since then. <br /> No wonder, this sort of movie gives almost no biographic background. It is supposed that all viewers must know all the plaudits of this 'big man' bear. Chomsky is rarely interviewing one on one. Stylistically, there is no camera motion, no interesting editor, any signature signature, and most of the movie is disjointed by Chomsky, videotaped huzzahs in Chomsky Statement on this or that, and slack-jawed and awed student looking at it as if it was immaterial, that's when dimwitted anger is not required barely auditory and ridiculous to his simplistic questions. This is really poor film-made by director and editor Will Pascoe, who is in the Movieman's DVD Act, shows it is another crucial acolyte of Chomsky. Other than that, one of the most sophisticated signs is that it is not a goal documentary but just agitprop, and a lucrative piece of agitprop, in that, not once is Chomsky showing difficulty with an answer. It looks like it's a knowledgeable font that has no limitations. <br /> <br /> Given that much of this movie was filmed during Chomsky's conference at McMaster University, in Ontario, Canada, before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, many of which Chomsky says seems remote things from the Vietnam War era. Yes, he does some good points, here and there, on American media collusion before the war, but it follows absolute sheen, because it seems to realize that most conspiracies are ad hoc, and are not completely drawn out kabals. As an example, he claims the advertising industry is a compassionate caddy to control the population, but he says not a word about the zombie population that allows itself to be so monitored. Similarly, it claims Trilateralists to run the world and fear of the crime is another result of another coffin. Of course, this claim completely explains the rape crisis center, and all that wasted time and office district tax conspiracy agencies. He also made sure that Cuba was victim of terrorism for decades, when Castro and the company had a lot of sponsors in Latin America, Asia and Africa, until the Soviet Union collapsed. I can only guess that the UFO conspirators are just waiting for Chomsky to proclaim that alien gray has set up species-mixed movie centers up in Idaho. In his simpleminded world without gray, Chomsky is frighteningly as dancing as Bushco's member, whom he revulses; even more so since they do not put any claim on being intellectual. In short, Chomsky is a man living in the past, at his head on most issues, and from his intellect intellectually. Near the end of this film she warns, 'Be cautious when you hear about intellectuals being fighter for justice,' again one can only laugh, as a man loses never encountered a revolutionary person or idea that he does not like , no matter how barbaric crimes, and anti-intellectual positives. Please take a break before wasting your time and money on this funny, and already irrelevant, DVD.
