Recap: full moon. An animal, a great werewolf, is on the hunt. Not for meat, not for blood (not it seems to yourself to take a bite on the road though), but for a mate. It is about the hunt for a girl. Not any girl though. The girl. The girl is most (and also a werewolf, although she does not know it yet). Three, well checked that, two cops (after the first scene) and an old lady ladies are all that can stop it, or even know that the stuff is killing and eating a lot of folks around full moon is a werewolf. This particular Werewolf werewolf, Darkwolf, is closing in on the girl. If he gets it, mankind finishes. Now the cops have to find the girl, convincing it not only that there is someone, a werewolf, nonetheless, who wants to rape him, and perhaps kill him, but that he is a werewolf himself. Then they got to stop him ... <br /> <br /> Comments: This is one for the boys, the young boys. A lot of scenes and semi-nude girls are more or less important for the scheme. Especially less. Well I guess you need something to fill some time because the plot is (expected) thin. And unfortunately there is little besides the girls to help the plot out of ruin. One usually comes back to two main themes. Nudity. Check. Then special effects. Hmm ... Well there are some things that you might call the effect. They are not very special though. In fact, they must be weak, they are very bad. The film seems to suffer from a lack of funds. They could not afford clothes for some of the girls;), and the effects are cheap. Some of the transformations between werewolves and human forms, obviously do not computers, are really bad. You can neglect these things. But the Darkwolf in itself is very rude too, and you never get to see any killings. Just some mortal bodies after that. And there's a little surprising little about, in a movie that should honestly be dipped in blood. <br /> I'm not sure what to say about actors and characters. Most of the times do well, but unfortunately there are fallen the characters (or actors) just looses it. A few of these falls can be interconnected with the above mentioned problems. Such as poor or poor budget (?). This can explain why precious little is shot, though the characters are armed like a small army and the target is in clear sight (and does not move). But hey, when you're in real danger, there is nothing that will save your life as a good one-liner ... <br /> <br /> Unfortunately that can not explain moments when the couple, Steve, a Who knows how to deal with the problem, the werewolf who is, run away, when things are only he can be sure, that the Werewolf is coming for the girl, who just beside him 'now, and that he can not let him have it. But be sure, let the musicians stretch the finish a bit more ... <br /> But I would not mind seeing any of the lead / actress actors get another try in another movie. Well, okay. To make a few conclusions: Not a movie that I recommend. <br /> <br /> 3/10
