Hi, I'm a friend of werewolf movies, and when I saw the title of Darkwolf striking the shelves I was like "hmm, simple and beautiful to name it at least .. Althou ... I wonder why I have not heard of it first. "First of all, the movie begins with tits. Many tits. The tits are pretty much all the budget this movie went through. Who cares about a werewolf effect, just pay the actresses enough to get topless shots! <br /> So, on the mysterious mistwolf character (a little dripping ahead, but that really cares ...) It's your daily average biker. Not even super-hard looking, but as the old wise woman says in the movie "it is far more powerful and dangerous than you ever had before faced." Just do not describe it a biker-type tattoo a guy. Pretty the original. I even looked twice when they first used the "glowing red eyes" SPECIAL SPECIAL! I mean my God, that "allow-the-plant-red-eye-to-eye-and-computer" effects that have been used since the sixties. It looks plainly ugly here! And do not get started with the 3D-CGI werewolf. As previously said, such a bad and old video game. And finally, as I do like werewolves movie, as I said. They prettymuch still build a legendary werewolf in their own. Darkwolf does build the werewolfworld as well, on some funny legends of hybrid-werewolves and the former bloodline. Men. It almost immediately after creating the rules of engagement "The Darkwolf kills anyone the girl has touched" begins to randomly abate. Which just makes no sense, why even harass tells us the rules of killing, when they are not even going to play by them ... Aplus Wolf-point-of-view shot made with a Sony Handycam or something, filming mainly the floor and walls. Just add noise and you've got a super werewolf effect. The throat is partially OK. But when the wolf cuts everyone with an open hand, just does not basically lay the hand on the victim's head, it's just not done the trick for me ... <br /> Surely, WHO Who give money to make these piles in tons of straight-to-video horrortitles, they are not even funny-type movies, just sad.
