Hip. Eroticism. Wickedly sexy ... whatever. It's the "Terminator" and werewolves. <br /> No, badly. The cop saves the girl (waitress!) From the big monster and refers to herself as her 'protection'. The Ryan Alosio lead actor does a great job of emulating Kyle Reese ... there is a massacre in a police police ... The bad guy is muscular and red eyes ... and he even has dialogue on the line of "You said It's Yourself, It Never Fails Never. "The direct script comes from a first-time senarist who, thanks, has not been selling anything since, and it's all thrown together by famously bad director Richard Friedman. <br /> <br /> The movie opens in a strip bar (always a good sign), with a mean-looking biker guy in for no apparent reason, pursued by three cops. One of them is black, and (terror terror!) It's one of those who gets killed in the first five minutes. The movie goes down for the next hour or so, then select a little with some decent action sequences, before rounding it all up with a lurid ending. <br /> <br /> For the most part, the cast will come across competent actors doing what they can with a bad script and a director who wants to settle for less. If nothing else appears to be learning how to act in this movie with Alosio, along with some of the support throws, displays talent signs. DarkWolf in his human form was played by Gargantuan Kane Hodder - famous for his many paintings at Jason Vorhees in the '13th Movies Cinema'. It is decent enough, especially considering it does not use roles. He became famous amongst younger teenage boys for three lesbian scenes between Andrea Bogart and Sasha Williams, who became her kit on a couple of times in the grand tradition of former 'Power Rangers' actress. And it's unnervingly clear that the editor has been overriding this time over the scenes ... Anyway, the main feature is the fact that the physical lures of the physics are rather good, and the design of the wild beast is not bad at all .But the CGI is bad. Just plain bad. I mean seriously, if you can not reach some levels of realism - why harass? Just throw a little extra money in the make-up! Aside from the terrible script, this movie has its moments, many of which are involuntarily funny. It's good for a laugh if you have nothing better to do, but just do not spend any money on it. Please.
