DarkWolf tells the story of a young waitress named Josie (Samaire Armstrong) who led a very ordinary life until her husband's friend (Tippi Hedren) died by a werewolves, or seen Werewolves actually exist in modern America & there even a special organization of the police force to fight the werewolf threat led by Steve Turley Detective (Ryan Olosio) who has the hard work to tell Josie that he is in fact a pure type of vein head vep & that a so-called The 'black chief' werewolf (Kane Hodder) wants to marry her & creates a new breed of Werewolves blood that will take over the whole world, or something like that. Understanding Josie has a hard time believing it, that's up to her to see the evidence with her own eyes. It's up to Steve werewolf cop to save Josie, the day & the world ... <br /> <br /> Co-executive product & LED Richard Friedman I thought DarkWolf was a very bad budget low shot on a movie HD digital camera that did not really do anything for me. The script by Geoffrey Alan Holliday starts out promising enough to put in a strip club with lots of nude breasts on shows & then there's a werewolf attack that leaves someone splattered everywhere, but after this sequel to his decent opening pretty much down all the way I'm scared. For a start it's slow to go, it's dull, it's predictable & it's populated with very annoying characters that come out with lots of bad dialogue & doing stupid things like when they have the opportunity to shoot the werewolf they do not , I have no idea why the hands are rather just standing there. The script is dumb & does not explain itself, why does Josie never go back to a werewolf before? Is it really the only one? Why can not this 'black chief' get another werewolf girl? There are also plenty of other things that make little or no sense as an ancient book that looks like very important, but then totally forget about half way from you to get the idea anyway, as a whole movie slip along in very linear fashion in a very predictable climate confrontation that is underwhelming to say at least. <br /> <br /> Director of the Friedman Light film well and glowing bright but this is nothing new or original & does not really enhance the movie as a spectacle. Now let's talk about special effects or rather the lack of them because the effects of DarkWolf are far from the special, transformation of werewolf to achieve using CGI & it among the worst looking CGI I've ever seen, seriously a Playstation should be embarrassed about these graphic computers. It's easy to worry about the transformation of werewolf I've ever seen, an American werewolf in London (1981) has done more than 25 years ago yet the special effects of these literally light-years ahead of them in DarkWolf, which say the effect special to improve over the years? The animatronic puppet effect is not best either although at least there is something psychic on the screen. The gore is not so many after an angry opening kill there in bloody scooters & many of the dead bodies but not much else. Thre is a fair amount of women stripping if that's your thing but do not get too excited because you still have to sit in a horrible movie to see it, is it really worth it? <br /> <br /> Technically DarkWolf is okay Apart from possibly the worst CGI effect ever, it's reasonably well done and it at least seems to have the value of production. The act is what you would expect really. DarkWolf is yet another low budget piece of film horror film that shelves movie shop video & clutter the schedule of dark cable TV stations, I did not think it was as bad as some but it The like saying goes to the dentist is a little more fun than going to a funeral although when all said & done they're both horrible still ...
