"Nacho Libre" (2006) <br /> <br /> Led by: Jared Hess <br /> <br /> begins: Jack Black, Ana Reguera, Héctor Jiménez, & Rose Darius <br /> MPAA Rating: "PG-13" (for some rough, humorous and humorous behaviors including dialogue) <br /> Tell what you are going to read (I know some who despise it no end), but I always thought that "Napoleon Dynamite" was a funny movie - not the brightest brick on the wall, but a comic movie, however. Jack Black is also a very funny man - disappointing at times, yes, and massively overrated by teenagers hearing that practically worships him, but funny. There was rarely been a Black Jack comedy that I did not enjoy at some degree. So I was very pleased to hear that Jeder Hess, the writer and director of "Napoleon Dynamite", and Jack Black would be teaming up for a movie on a Spanish friar that became a wrestler to save an orphanage. My only reserve was that the plot seemed a little too thin. Unfortunately, my reservation turned out to fall into the entire movie. This scheme, did it as a skiing on some such shows as "Saturday night live" or possibly even "angry TV", would have worked perfectly. Unfortunately, the plot runs far too thin on the one approximately half an hour and this one-joke comedy collapses. Nacho was raised in a Mexican monastery and became a devout man of the Lord. Feeling shunned by the entire monastery, Nacho (Black), now cooks the monastery, decided to follow his dreams to become a professional wrestler. As the monastery's finances hit an everlasting low, Nacho decided to join a wresting competition so that he could win the money and provide good food for the monastery orphanage. This scheme sounds sweet and caring. It looks like the perfect movie for Jack Black. Look what he did with "School of Rock" after all. Well, in my unpleasant, this draw is almost completely destroyed by offensive and gross humor that just takes away the heart of the movie. It is yet Hollywood way of showing that they feel that young audiences will only understand fart and stupid jokes ?? Of course, for all I know, perhaps this is the general thinking of adolescents, as many have seemed to enjoy this movie. Watching a woman obese women as a mouse on the floor will certainly make people laugh, but do not expect to get a premium for putting it into your movie. A seven-year-old can make up the same joke. The performance of "Nacho Libre" is actually good. Jack Black proves once again that it is absolutely hilarious and that it can make even the most idiotic, worthless lines of all time put on comical pics. Unfortunately, this film was not enough for her. He did not give him anything to go on with the reason only any of his jokes worked because of him. I have never seen or heard about Ana of the Reguera before, but now I can say that, not only he's very talented, but it is also one of the most beautiful women ever graced my eyesight. She just clicked on the role and worked pretty well. Héctor Jiménez, who plays ballroom partner in Nacho, Esqueleto, kept me laughing continuously. He did a very nice job and it was very effective when partnership with that of Jack Black. Darius Rose, who plays an orphan named Chancho, did not have much line, but, what I can say, I just enjoyed her. It was adorable. The rest of the cast did their job. It is unfortunate that they were wasted on like a sub-par film. <br /> <br /> "Nacho Libre" just does not work. His plot stretched far too thin. The heart of it all is dirty by humorous humor and mixed jokes that just does not work. I'm very rarely laughed, and, if I did, it was because of Jack Black or another member of the cast. And that led me to the brightest "Nacho Libre": yes, the throw. This cast was just ?? Well, for lack of a better word, they were over. They all click, have excellent chemistry together, and pump as many lives as possible in the flat clone. After the "Napoleon Dynamite" Jared Hess held me quite entertained for the whole movie, I was surprised to find myself so often bored with "Nacho Libre". Something was lost here and I always understood what it was. All I know is that "Nacho Libre" is not a good movie and yet, because of its disposal, it is completely worthless. There are a few reasons to look, if only they look Jack Black works. But if you're not a fan of Jack Black, then avoid this movie like the epidemic. I love black, but I do with this movie and this review. <br /> <br /> Final Thoughts: Yikes! This is Jared Hess's surprisingly disappointing follow-up in his hysterical "Napoleon Dynamite". <br /> <br /> Overall Rating: 4/10 (C +)
