Though this film allegedly a joke in response to criticism it was still a terrible movie. If someone will commit that sort of thing at least to make it a good joke ..... first, Jeroen Krabbé I guess Gerard Depardieu the poor man ..... Of course I hate Gerard Depardieu though he was very funny in ' The Iron Mask 'three musketeer one. Otherwise it is poison box office with Jeroen Krabbé is worse than that. Poisonous poor people in office ... really that was not just the economically disenfranchised. If the '4th person' is supposed to have some sort of criticism in the bourgeoisie .... what am I saying? it's not. Let's just say hypothetical, if it was supposed, it was not sharp enough. Satire is a tough thing .... if it does not sharp enough the viewer gets the butt of the joke instead ...... I think that's what happened. The story just ends up as a bunch of miserable characters disgusting to do anything that anyone would care about and not in an exciting way either ..... (for a more interesting and refreshing application to view any movie Luis Bunuel. ... very sharp satire) <br /> [potential spoiler alerts] <br /> Really, the work blown to the cemetery that Jeroen Krabbé's character worked so hard to attain .... you care? is it funny? since Mr. Voerhoven is supposed to be a good movie brand I will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume it was some mantantopic jokes that got out of control ..... though I guess it does not throw Jeroen Krabbé because he is the actor Worse and every character he played was a real donkey ass ... except it is incompetent in it. So it becomes like a strange karikatur. Do you believe Mr Voerhoven did this on purpose? and Jeroen Krabbé is the butt of the joke as well? I just do not see it ... So do you understand the dilemma I deal with right here? It is the worst movie ever because it was supposed to be a good director. So some types of dupery are involved. I knew 'Patch Adams' was terrible without even seeing it. You must not throw in the 4th person's vampire packaging vampire or Mr. Voerhoven's reputation as a good director etc ..
