This excuse excuse for a movie reminds me of a great deal of what I hear about "Gigli", which Ben and Jen flop earlier this summer. The "Order" has been clearly edited to such an unconscableable degree that the scenes, rather than forming a cohesive and provocative film, appear as a collection of disconnected sequences which have little to send any pretend to a unified trace. Now I'm a fan of Heath Ledger ("10 Things I Hate About You", "A Knight's Story" and particularly his support role in the "Monster Ball"), but I need to find myself a better agent . Keep accepting scripts such as the "Order" and "Four Feathers" and it will be on the fast track of the film of oblivion. <br /> <br /> Here are the problems I've had with the movie. Firstly, the Director tried to make up for their inability to draw his bulk by introducing two other line lashes that seemed to be little if anything to do with, well, much of anything. The US Troopers are trying to take over the Vatican and the Black Pope, while slightly more interesting, there was nothing to reveal anything to the viewer on the main characters. Attempts to tie these wires together were the best pathetic. Secondly, please do not insult the intelligence of the viewer by putting in the movie performer clearly required. We have manufactured the angst, manufactured love and the most idiotically fabricated sex that seemed like a right page from "Matris Reloaded" and techno-over-numbing techno. Rather than developing characters, these elements seemed like the cheap devices are clearly being, a half-hearted attempt to put popcorn-mill teens in their place. Third, and most importantly, this movie seemed to be an intriguing concept. We have scandals, we have religion and we have supernatural forces in play. Why then do we learn almost anything about anyone's background? We learn a little about Alex, but even he gave up the passion of the priesthood to sleep with a woman after two days, a woman who tried to kill her during an exorcism at some point in the past. And Alex is the most developed, if you can call it that, characters in the entire movie. As the cliche goes nowadays, if you're going to see a movie this year, make sure it's not this one. There are about ten minutes interesting from the intolerable 101 minute affair. The only thing that saved me went with a girl who I prefer the fan. <br /> 1 out of 10. I was disappointed. Set this one firmly under-potential potential, but blow it over more than correction and wrong-direct. Heath my man, go back to Monster's ball-like monster. They really suit you.
