In the days of the Catholic Church, a sin-eater was someone who, at ceremony, would take the sins of a person on their heads. Often, these people were excommunicated or similar to what the church would not absorb, thereby denying them to enter the sky. Fishermen have seen it as blasphemy, circumventing the chruch monopoly over redemption. This sex up a bit with some supernatural bra Mojo, leaving the concept wandering into it, and you have the "Order", a movie that combines "Stigmata" in anti-authoritarian religion, "X-Files" 'paranormal the investigation, and the "Thorn birds" 'sexuality in an odd mix that sometimes works. Alex Heath Ledger is a naughty priest, one of the latest members of the Order of the Carolingians, a semi-etetic order-seeking command, devil-fighting priest. When Alex's counselor was found dead under scarce circumstances, Bishop Driscoll (Peter Weller) sent Alex investigate. Tagging together is fellow Carolingian Thomas (Mark Addy) and Mara (Shannyn Sossman), who was subject to one of Alex's exorcisms a year earlier. Three are going to Rome to investigate and draw into a black bite of Catholic hereditary blood, ominous prophecies, demonic intelligence, and a man claiming to be the last surviving Sin-Eater (Benno Furmann). Writing and directing by Brian Helgeland (who worked with the same directors on the skattershot and the Half-Hearts "A Knight's"), the film is an odd, and tough, classical one. He wants them several times at once - sneaky supernatural, religious intrigue, dramatic television pilots - and only sometimes succeeds in any of them. This does not help by the slow pace or the fact that most of the actors seem to be sleepwalking in their performance and occasional bursts of brilliance. Ledger, in particular, has a particularly stunning scene of despair of an otherwise monochromatic performance. Sossman, however, appeared to even disconnect the performance he had given throughout his films (most of the "Attitudes in Attraction"). The plot itself meanders returns with the idea of ​​several different arches of history, leading you into wonder that is the main one with each arc that has its part in red herrings. The gaps in narrative appear to be lost between scenes of liver, which can be confusing to many, but this is also one of the movie film saving. The structure of the film - coupled by the fact that never an extremely clear antagonist until the very end of the film - the viewer's strength analyzes and reason at a time when most films are flagrantly evident on everything (the exception of this is historical background on the Carolingians and the practice of eating, both which are explained in dry display). Even the beginning of the movie, character relationships and stories are deduced instead of explaining. Combine this with on-site shooting and judicial use of special effects and you have a very old-world supernatural thriller, and even the opening credits reminiscent of something from late 70's / 80's early. A brief mention here, as well, for the subtle and organic note by David Torn, a combination of minimalist orchestras with Lisa Gerrard-style exotic. A very nice and evocative note without bombs and exists in a very deceptive simplicity. A confusing scheme, a lack of goals, and sometimes sleep performance would often damn a movie, but for some reason, the "Order" remains to look. Many people will be highly offended by the film for its odd sensitivity, and some may even become angry that they are forced to engage the higher functions of their brain to understand it. Still, the Absolute Movie Intangibility will prevent it from either a critical or commercial success until the DVD, which I am sure will be filled with abundant amounts of deleted scenes. A movie is recommended only for people who like to think while watching. 6 out of 10.
