The good Felis in the Webster Dictionary defines Logophobia as the pair of words. I can just logofobic. For no word combinations I'm scared more than the beginning of a movie, credit has the words that have been produced, written and directed by: ', and followed by a single single person. Think about it. There are carpenters, electricians and plumbers, but so some jack-of-all-trades. Even the most seasoned directors such as Speilberg and Scorsese rarely take control of these films. But I was, all nesting in my theater chairs, popcorn in hand and over to watch the Order when they bent at me as a Fastan Nolan Ryan, these words were "produced, written and direct by Brian Helgeland ' Whoa! <br /> Being a film scrub, I knew in Brian Helgeland. As a writer of his filmograpghy over the past 10 years, would be a graph like a dotcom's stock company's stock 1998. There were as many unpleasant theaters (Assassins, Postman, Conspiracy Theories) as they had critical and successful victories (LA confidential, Mystic River). They seemed to alternate ?? one good, one bad, So knowing that his latest movie, BloodWork was one of the most wasted efforts in Clint Eastwood's career, I had a sigh and hoped for the best .In retrospect, I would not be excited. to a story story), as Alex Bernier, a priest in a known order as the Carolingians, who called to Rome when a loan The fellow killed under the circumstances of the Arch Bishop ... "Curious". Meetings with Papa Thomas (also in the Order, and Playfully by Mark Standy Still Standing), are set out in pieces along accompaniment pieces left behind in the wake of the priest's death. is a sub plot involving Mara Sinclair (played by Shannyn Sossamon) who has escaped from an institution that resulted in his attempts to kill Alex during an exorcism. Alex has feelings towards Mara and for some reason not to pervert the audience, they travel to Rome together. Nary a good night sleep goes by and Alex is confronted by William Eden (Benno Fürmann) who claims to be a century old Sin Eater. A sin of sin, as we say, are those who eat their sins in a person when the Church is not, thus allowing the heaven to enter. William, as likely to have it, is tired of a life of healing and looks for Alex taking on his role and releasing him from worldly duty. Alex is reluctant, but after the death of his new Mara love, Alex resorts ceremony of Sin Eater to save it and the transformation is complete. Alex then searches for answers to his many requests while Father Thomas revealed the Vatican scheme behind the authority of his fellow investigator. <br /> <br /> The order is not a horrible movie, but it is terribly boring. There was ridiculous special effects and no connection to any of the characters. Even in the most dramatic scene - that of Alex is walking in on the dead Mara - is pale and bland with our emotional response towards the couple's behavior. Everyone seems to speak so slowly and emotionally that the flat film lines and salt centers might have been administered to keep me from trying to grab a quick nap in the middle of the movie. So, Mr. Helgeland, I struggle with you not to try this again. Share your vision with others and allow people with more experience to help you direct in the direction of not so narrow mindedness and self-serving. Until then, there is nothing worrying that you can be anything more than a failing class. The star. <br /> <br />
