The Scarristist tries to re-create the "Exorcist" .. But put in some love blah-blah stories that make you sick instead of keeping you engaged .. There is no substance all that in this entire film. had the potential of being something special but his neck did not show a bunch of people yack about anything nobody occupied on .. Extremely boring, I wanted to leave the theater when I saw this, but the movie tickets Dumb was inexpensive for me to withstand the sad turtle that felt like it lasted forever .. Nothing on the screen connects the importance back to whatever character they were talking about. <br /> They use computer graphics in here that instead of wowing me (as intended, I hate CGI) just lost the movie even more. Some people say this movie made terrible in the movie theater because of how "thought-provoking" and "slow-paced-blood-action-because it's an intelligent movie" it was .. What is so Clever or thought to induce when the story is basically about the lovely boy H Eath Ledger as a priest who has a love interest and disobeyed his religion? Looks like a concept without idea. Oh and some mumbo jumbo about "The Sin-Eater" (original film will be to be titled "Sin-Eater"). The concept of army but the film took things "sin-healing" this thing seriously, making the film become patient and delusional about how dark and smart it was. Yeah, I know there were really sin-eater in the medieval times but this movie just makes it sound cheesy. Nothing in the movie is executed right and I forget why I even bother to see this movie. If you want horror movies that actually have depth, watch Rosemary's baby, tenant, naked blood, corporation, holocaust cannibalism, pin, exorcist, omen, or any of Romero's "dead trilogy" movie. Nonsense dialogue does not equal human intelligence, mainstream films think that even though (even those who think a ridiculous movie like mountain is a cinematic masterpiece). If you want mind-numbingly boring horror, look the Order. This film makes church seem like a roller coaster ride.
