This film was bad after belief. I saw it during the San Francisco Festival 2004. Before he started the masterpiece of the theater up, he told us how half the audience left the theater the night before, which happened to be "his world premiere. " I do not think anyone in the theater understands just how bad the film was going to be at that point. We all understand in the end. <br /> It's not a documentary even though it's sort of sold as one. Dark Angel was a bad biographer and homage to Bettie Paige, in which half the film is actually just remade of old Paige's old movie. The film is only 90 minutes time and content within 90 minutes are sub par they say at least. A scene would start going then someone might say "wow you're so great Bettie, why not make another film." This should be followed by a 5 minute reminder of Bettie Paige that was almost as ridiculous as (and even more boring than) the normal part of the movie. At the end of the movie people laughed each time another films reminiscent of Bettie Paige came. It was funny. I heard a lot of laughter in this theater, but people did not laugh with the movie maker, laughed at the movie with its poor content and structure. This was easy to say as parties that would get the most laughs are the ones that were supposed to be serious or revelatory. <br /> I know the movies are expensive. I've seen many cheaply made independent films but somehow cinema and this film type put it apart from everything I've ever seen. The film looks like it's done for $ 12. The cuts, pills, and lack of a sensual plot made this a memorable experience. This movie does "dude, where is my car?" look like Kane. My friends and I left the theater feeling like we were just paying 8 dollars to be tortured. The only part of the experience was that we got to laugh about the fact that someone actually did this movie and thought it was good. Apparently, the night before, the overnight in the "premiere of the world" director / writer / producer was at the hearing and got to witness the people laughing and walking out on his movie. Bettie Paige's film was destroyed. This film should also be destroyed.
