One of the major environmental potential costs for most mining operations is the pollution of springs, rivers and lakes with excess sediment and toxins. One of the most severe examples of the United States' 19th century sedimentation of excess rivers caused by the hydraulic mining of gold that carves severely on the sides of the Sacramento Valley in the period from the 1850s in the early 1880s. This process involves directing a pressure jet of water on the hill, causing the material to wash down, where the gold could be separated from the gravel and sediment. Then the sediment collected in a hole or stream and most found its way to the Sacramento River or its tributaries. The sediment that has remained in the river bed increases the likelihood of flooding in the agricultural and agricultural fields and creates permanent tides in some areas. Some of the sediment leaks over the agricultural fields, where it might cover a standing crop or cover more desirable soil or make hard workers. So, the conflicting interests of companies that use hydraulic mines and farmers are negatively affected by these operations is the topic of almost forgotten 1938 color film by Warner. <br /> <br /> First, we might wonder why Warner decided to shoot this movie in a rather poor technicolor, a very rare treat in 1938. A story about blue and gold miners would not seem to justify the expense and difficulty in color talent at this time. The answer seems to be the time the movie works over indoors, with colorful fancy clothes and ornaments. Then we might wonder why colorful George Brent was chosen as the leading and ultimate hero, to be frightened by Olivia de Havilland. Among other things, this movie really needs a charismatic leader to carry it. Even the colorful Gabby Hayes, in her bosom, seemed very mild. Unfortunately, I fell asleep before the apparently more dramatic part of the movie. The portions I've seen have spent too much time establishing a complicated set of relationships between too many people at the expense of graphically displaying the combat in Baron's blue pick and perhaps nearby town and attempts to deal with flood and sedimentation problems. It needs to be more like the "Good Earth", released just the year before. Just maybe it would then be appropriate for a charismatic man, such as Errol Flynn. Finally, there are issues in the title. Surely Warner could come up with a catchy or more appropriate title. "Gold or seeds" is short and to the point. Incidentally, I still have a lot of gold in 'thar hills', waiting to be extracted by means other than hydraulic mines.
