When hordes of robots begin to attack large cities, who will stop the oven behind the attacks? Sky Captain !!! Law Jude plays Joe Sullivan, ace in the skyways, tackling unwanted odds along with his former gay girlfriend Polly Perkins (Gwyneth Paltrow) and senior flight partner, Captain Franky Cook (Angelina Jolie). Captain Sky and the World of Tomorrow can watch and feel like an exciting movie but it really is quite dull and underwhelming. The time runs the movie time is 106 minutes yet it feels so much again because there is no substance in this film. The visuals were great and the movie did a great job. However, there is nothing that supports these wonderful visuals. The movie lacks a story with interesting characters to do the thing while quite dull and unnecessary. I blame directors and writers Kerry Conran. It focuses too much on the visuals and has spent little time on the current story. The movie is like a girl with no personality, after a while her kind becomes bland and tiring. Captain Sky represents a beautiful girl who does not have personality. It's simply just another case of style on substance. The acting is amazing average and that's not really the fault since they've got a lot of work with them. The main reason I watch this movie is because Angelina Jolie. However, the advertisement is quite lying and it is only in the movie for about 30 minutes. His performance is surprisingly rabid as well. Jude law provides a well-behaved performance even if you expect a lot more from him. Gwyneth Paltrow was just average, nothing special at all. Ling Bai's performance was the only one I really liked. It provides a wonderful performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the movie. The movie is not a complete bush though. There were some "wow" and interesting scenes. There just was not enough of them. The movie just does not have that hook really make it memorable. It was actually quite bland and it was not much engaged at all. It's too bad the movie was not good since having such a promise. In the end, Captain Sky is amazing below average and not really worth watching. Rating 4/10
