Zeppelins are exploding crashing down on the 'Captain Sky' base by presenting a suitable metaphor to describe how terribly terrible this film is. First, let me indicate right in the baton that I sincerely doubt that Paramount will never recover any money from this movie. A hit stroke it might become, but only because it is so remarkable that it failed to achieve. I can see how the studio is right now. "Let's combine German 1920's expressionism with a 1940's globetrotting adventure with a modern action cops and use computer animation to dominate each stage! Wow, will not be a success!" The skycaptain bludgeons viewer and its absolute excess. There are too many blast explosions, too many concurrent dogfight scenes, and too few real moments where the characters are nothing but painfully two-dimensional. After all, why shock and awe with a floating airship when you can have three, or five, or one hundred? In addition, what could be an unveiling movie, transparently combining product imagery imagery with human actors in a stylish and intriguing environment, they will instead become a flop in no small part because it neglected to meet the most important requirements of any flick the movie using CGI. Quite simply, graphics are amazingly poor. From the movement of the vehicles to the physics of the aircraft of the dogfights, everything seems to be just a little there. I'm not being picky here in any way. A baby can notice that a car does not slip along the road like a maglev train (unless it's a Mercedes S500). And for the person you raise your voice in protest, cry out 'This is a stylized movie, it's not like reality', let me just say that. Lord of the Rings has set the standard for integrating real-life actors and CGI, Troup Starship has set the standard for ironic science fiction film, the Rocketeer has done a solid re-production of the decade of the 1920's back to the Hollywood film record, and The Tim Burton Burton created a unique photograph of New York City / Gotham that has yet to be repeated. Sky Captain dropped so short of all these films, it's hard to mention them in the same sentence. Plus, the act is so poor, it makes me positively sick. So have you got it. I've spent $ 9 for this movie and you get my review. I hope he might divert you all from doing the same mistake that I did.
