I entered the Sky Captain Sky in 2004 awaiting a good movie. Almost every revision of this film was positive, the effects were watched, the forecasts convinced. <br /> <br /> Obviously, deception actually does not describe the feeling I got into this movie. It was rage. <br /> <br /> Beyond being boring and wrong writing, the reason this film gets a 2 out of 10 stars is because everything in the movie was stolen from another source. I understand the difference between homework and thief: this was stolen. More importantly, it seems that the films did not steal invading a point or moving the plot together. They were stolen just to show they could. There is literally no point to show a clip of the Wizard of Oz in a theater at the start of the movie except to set up another scene (that I will not devise over) who steals from the same movie. Needless to say, each concept of the film is neither original nor even a turn on an old concept: it was literally just a rehash of something I had already seen, from kaka-era to robots reminiscent of the old cartoons celebrity and film of the recent "Iron Giant", at the silent martial artist minion of the villain who was used in countless films, most recognized in recent years as Darth Maul in the "Star Wars: The Phantom Threats". Topics in the current film, most of their performances were completely wooden. Maybe this is because the movie was all done on a blue screen, with computer imagery filled in everything to save the actors. Frankly, this is not an excuse for poor acting. If anyone ever was a child, they understand that a lack of visual references does not have any excuse to try. <br /> <br /> Finally, there is no humanity in this movie. The protagonists are just the real human beings here. Almost all antagonists are robots, and the number of friendly characters that are shown during the film can be counted on one hand. If the robots attack the whole planet, should not we expect to see mass humanity running out of them? The sub-par performance of the main characters prevents us from connecting to, really, nothing here. The film was not the worst film out there, which is why I did not give it a 1 Instead, the movie was an example of all evil and modern action films: the filmmakers tried to justify the movie with special effects , but without artistic vision or originality of any kind, it falls flat.
