In short, this film is completely worthless. The idea is to make movies from the point of view that someone from the early 1900s might think about the future. An interesting idea, but lack of compelling history or character prevents us from everlasting suspension of our disbelief, so the idea is just flops. Apparently the movie was all done with actors in front of the green screen and we are supposed to impress. But as a graphic person, the softening was an obvious crane to hide the problem of hard sharp corners and green screening. The color is much washed out of any significant effect except to reduce the visual quality. And I do not understand why anyone would consider anything rendered in this movie to be in any way to break ground. If anything, the ridiculous graphic graphics has lowered the bar to really bad graphics - they are not measured even in the ancient Jurassic Park graphics. The models for the robots were so simple, plain and very uncompelling. There were a lot of prehistoric animals weirdo-like on islands, but they are not explained in any way. The story is terrible beyond belief. In fact I can not believe I did not just walk out of this movie. The relationship between Polly and Joe is unmotivated, and throughout the film based on distrust and deception. Why is the character Morris Paley the same? We are in no way convinced that Joe is heroic - I mean it flies a plane and saves someone (Polly) for personal reasons. Yeah have a great hero for you. Dex has very little screen time, so why are we supposed to care about Joe want to save him? Who was the Nepalese who closed Joe and Polly in my vault, and why would they do it (remember that all the Totenkopf operation was robotics)? Hole plot: (1) Why was it character Bai Ling (a big fall from her excellent character to the "crow") stop the robots who captured Joe? They were looking for the cups, and they did not find them. (2) Why in Hell Dex would have been captured, but he did not die (he does not have or knows about the flakes, and the bad guys did not know that Polly was flacons and was connected to Joe and therefore Dex )? (3) Polly indicates that "they" do not know anything about Totenkopf, but it has some secret sources about him that has what appears to be an FBI-style file about it. (4) Vacant objects on the map as Nepalese describe - whether they know all this in mysterious areas, then why is hell the blank map at this place? (5) At one point, Polly and Joe have to give their clothes (they burn) - Joe gives new clothes that was identical to his old clothes, but Polly is forced to put some very odd looking cumbersome clothes, then , in the same line of suddenly Polly has its original clothes back. <br /> <br /> * sigh *. How far should I change my brain to watch this crap? <br /> <br /> We are supposed to be tired of producing music, even when there is nothing interesting or remarkably remote on screen. > <br /> And the act? Should we be impressed with a wide range of British accents? Which character is not annoying? I think the Ling Bai dialogue was probably the best of the movie all (it does not have one line). The dialogue did not camp, and did not even rise at the level of cheese. It's just bad and annoying. These are not the hero or compelling; They are the types of people you would try to ignore or distribute and if you've ever had the misfortune of meeting them in real life. <br /> I can not believe that this movie gets a rating above average here on IMDb. IMHO it should compete with "Batman forever" in the 100 part of all time.
