"Captain Sky" can be considered a comic book homage, pulp adventures and movie series but it has little of the magic of some of the best in these genres. A contributor says that the film's fun depends on whether one recognizes the films influencing. I do not think this is true. Expect one of the films, fiction and series that "Captain" pay tribute to being entirely different. Especially so for those who have experienced such entertainment when they were children. This film is almost completely devoid of the charm and magnetic attraction of these. Of course we know the leads will come in and out of scratch but there have been some tension and drama. In the direction of "Captain" and Paltrow, ten minutes to prevent disasters and up to five minutes will not run toward their goals. They take time out for long looks and unnecessary conversations and contemplation in a fall and 30 seconds left the tragedy. Of course one expects certain conventions to be included but a good director would keep up some emergency. <br /> One does not expect films like this necessarily "make sense". One hopes to be fun, thrilling and having some sense of interior logic. "Captain" is almost nonexistent. Remember when law and Paltrow are being pursued by their winged creatures and reaching a big difference across a brick bridge? Well how to become perfectly safe from these creatures when they arrive on the other side? They can fly !!! The difference itself means nothing. The bridge is not needed for the location of the escape? If the country crosses the breath 'banned' of the flying creatures does not make any effort to let us know how or why or though. <br /> I know that Paltrow and the Law (both of them have given fine performances in the past) have been playing "kind" but both were very flat. Only Giovanni Ribisi (who showed himself capable of great nuances here) and Angelina Jolie seemed to give any "oomph" to their role although Omid Djalili seemed like he could handle a little more if he would only give the chance. He did a very good job anyway considering how it was fundamentally wasted. The movie has a great 'look' but there are many ways in which CGI distracts. CGI works best when it was used for the fabulous, when it was used to create creatures that do not exist in nature or for scientific or spectacular magic. When used to replace the natural sites it disappears. There is no real sense of wonder. A CGI hill has no of the stateliness or sense of awe and foreboding that a real hill does. I know that the design of this movie was quite deliberate and it was not necessarily supposed to look real but should not read FEEL this way? It just was not. <br /> As for the weak and clichéd script ... tribute is not an excuse. Even so, the movie had some emotions and dramatic tension it might have always been enjoyable. "The Last Samurai" was as predictable as the days of the week and I have no fans of Tom Cruise but it has everything that "Captain" was not better than having drawn the viewer into his world and doing We accept its rules and ways of being in a "Sky Captain" way most definitely did not. <br /> I would like to see a similar approach to filming on the comic book hero in the 30's and 40's. The original (Jay Garrick) Flash or Green Lantern (Alan Scott) comes to mind that they have been ripe for these treatments. Perhaps better, better known and fully realized the characters that these characters would make for a better movie. It would be hard for worse.
