This is a direct sequel to the 'Mummy Hand' (1940), because the lead character, Stephen banning (played by Dick Foran) is now thirty years older and it relates to the story (with the help of archival footage) in her son's handmaid. There are only two strange aspects of the movie: the early death of banning, and the presence of Turhan Bey. <br /> <br /> Lon Chaney as the mummy Kharis gets head bills, though given the nature of his role, he has little more to do than humping together or throwing his arms over. There is nothing to fear about his presence, except for his attempt to bring to the fiancé Isobel (Elyse Knox). Dick Foran gets second bill, but he's killed in the first fifteen minutes! We would have to wait until 'Psycho' (1960) when a lead character (Janet Leigh) dies before the movie ends! Banner's friends from the first movie, Babe Jenson (now Henson), show up a little later looking many, many, older and not doing any of the comic shtick she's done in the original. It's hard to believe it is the same actor! Unfortunately, this important task is wasted because it was killed by Kharis after only two short scenes. He then left until John, the son of Banning (played by John Jenner Hubbard) to run chase at the cemetery - NO! The Sheriff led a torch touching crowds at home banning her burning and killing the mummy. Universal sounds familiar? Turhan Bey is introduced as new High Priest, Mehmet Bey, to care for and feed tana leaf Kharis. With its 'exotic' voice and appearance, its too bad it becomes easy to kill. A better movie would have been 'babe' to take Von Helsing's charge of things to follow down the mummy, with a final decisive fight with him and Mehmet Bay. But instead we have a pedestal rehash in different set pieces from film before universal horror movie, put together by Hack Griffin Jay who has written many of the other Universal Clunkers, although he also did 'Don Winslow of the Marine' (1942) as well as 'Don Winslow of the Coast Guard' (1943) that featured Elyse Knox. Elyse Knox played Anne Howe's six Joe Palooka movies (1946-1949), and of course, Turhan Bey, and 43 films and television credits, are great in the title role of the 'amazing Dr. X' (1948). The cinematography is darker and more atmospheric (with many noirish shadows in the sheriff's office) than the first movie 'Kharis' mummy, but there's little else in interest or excitement. <br /> I'll give it a 3.
