This movie was a real real torture to sit down. His first mistake is to treat nuclear power as being self-evidently a 'bad thing' that he barely needs to convince the audience of it. When it's lowered to its argument, it has nonsense participants to deliver barrels to prove; All that is missing is someone weeping "when someone will think of the kids!". While watching this movie, I kept thinking "where'd you heard that?" or "which can not possibly be true" - yet little of the information backed up in any reliable source. And blessed 'em,' regular folks' in the film came more like Luddites than those who have any understanding of the pros and cons of nuclear power; To be fair, that would be the fault of film-makers, but equally fair, it's a condition shared by the rock star movie. <br /> As for the performers ......... .. Now some of these are highly respected singers whose music I enjoyed, and I'm sure some of them really believed in that the cause. But they all come across as irregular old desperately looking for something to get worked on, now that the 60s have passed. Particularly nasty is Graham Nash and James Taylor. Nash seems to be trying too hard - it seems he can not possibly believe the things he's being told (not that I blame him), but desperate to feel and include. James Taylor does have to be the wimpiest protest "im" ever, "stand up and fight", in the slowest way you can imagine. In fact, most of the performances are very bland when they're not being patronized. No one seems to have worked at this event, as if it really does not mean much of them at all. It's worth noting that the driving force behind this whole event seems to be John Hall, in the Orleans, and is responsible for some of the pop pop stars in the 70s. (Remember, if you dare, "Dance with me" and "Still the one.") It's worth noting because it is symbolic of how the cause here fails to inspire any real passion in music. The cause is supposedly life-or-death, but everyone sleeps in numbers as they are playing the catskills. Except maybe Gil-Scott Heron - His protest number "We're almost lost to Detroit" is on topics at least but rescued with the garbage of a high school impressed and how 'controversial' it was being. Bruce Springsteen's performance only increased a heart rate; I've never been a big fan of the boss, but it absolutely smokes, there is no question. Part of me thinks she was stuck separately, in another event, and edited in this movie to wake up the audience. Compared with the general blandness and time of self-satisfaction here, it's not surprising that Bruce was considered the savior of rock'n'roll. But even his performance is hobbled by shooting at death design. I do not expect a lot of flashy camera movements from a 70s movie, but the shots are unstressed static, broken up only by split-second cutaways into a singer's back-up singer. Now some of this may be because the performers are the dead to begin with; and * maybe * movie makers are more qualified in documentary shooting than concert concerts - but all you have to do is watch "Rust Never Sleeps" or "The Last Waltz" to see a movie like this and more skill . And with more interesting musicians. <br /> So, really, there are only two things to watch this movie for: The Performance Strength of Springsteen, and as a sad snapshot over a counter-culture in decline.
