The cheap, mediocre sequel to the success of the "mummy but" has presumably killed the evil professor Andoheb (George Zucco) preparing his predecessor Mehemet Bey (Turhan Bey) for the quest of overseas revenge in America using Mummy Kharis ( Lon Chaney, Jr. with no reason to have been disguised. Cascade Man was able to do the same credible lumbering task around with choking victims) to the goal of killing members to survive in the banning family of patriarch Stephen ( Dick Foran) and assistant Babe Hanson (Wallace Ford) discovered the corpse of Princess Ananka from his grave in Egypt .. Andoheb considers this an outlandish act of devotion and wants the family to suffer for a terrible posterity towards a former Egyptian custom. Bey and Khari Mummy find a nice escape to a cemetery where the High Priest of Karnak can work as a caretaker in disguise. Every full moon, Bey will eat Kharis a liquid form from several Tana leaves that will keep it not only alive but subservient to his master's will. Bey commands Kharis to kill Stephen and his sister (Mary Gordon), while also taking time for Babe to return to becoming the # 3 victim. John Banning (John Hubbard) plans to marry Isobel (Elyse Knox) Do not know that Bey secretly covets her fiancé plans to kidnap her with Kharis' help. John's life is in danger because of his father. He is also the last member of the line. If Bey has Isobel, there's no chance for any more Bannings to be done. The police must find Kharis and one responsible for carnaging him. This film is a continuation of putting years later as members of film, Foran, Ford & Zucco all appearing in "aging" make-up giving wrinkles showing their gaps in time as Andoheb has been preparing for the deaths of the Bannings. Romans Cornball John and Isobel just look at this scheme for Bey's vice endangering his perfect plan that has been carried out successfully before he loused it up. And, Bey sees it frolicking with John on the grass .. The whole "love-to-first-eye" garbage really did not wash for me. Plus you have the mummies being able to kill one arm. Is any mummy really powerful? This film also uses a ton of footage from the movie before to save the budget on this end of it. There really is not many stories here and yes, typical of multiple Universal photos, even in America a crowd of people will be light..ho hum..cho will be after Kharis. You know how it will end up .John and the super-powerful Kharis are squaring in some huge castles and fire burning all around them and one of the evil ones are swallowing on flames.
