First of all, yes, animals have emotions. If you did not know that already, then I believe you are a moron. But let's suppose that none of us are fools. We all know that animals have emotions, and we now want to see how these emotions are manifest in nature, correct? <br /> <br /> What we find rather is a tedious and ridiculous simplistic documentary that tries to show how the "human" animals are. The high-quality filmist & animal footage is engaged in human behavior as well, and when it comes to say, "That monkey is almost human!" (this is actually a direct quote). <br /> <br /> Everything is in human terms. They are wasting time to explore what makes "smile" dogs, but not once to mention what a wagging mean. The pride of such researchers is disgusting. They even go so far to show chimpanzees dressed in men's dress and wear a cowboy hat. <br /> I was expecting a documentary perspective of animals on their own terms. I wanted to learn how animals embedded in their own language. But instead, researchers kept falling back on pedantic, anthropomorphic and assumptions observations. Add a cheeky soundtrack and images of chimpanzees "celebrate Christmas", and this was enough to turn my belly. But it does not end there. Half of this documentary is filmed not in the wild, but in laboratory and experimental installations. All the camera chips in chimpanzees are in steel bars, and we see how these monkeys have many people together in sterile sterile cages. A particularly serious moment happens near the beginning (even if you have to be quick to notice it) where a prisoner monkey says in sign language, "Want Out. Hurry." <br /> <br /> They get obscene references to the "stress tests" and psychological experiences that I'm hungry to imagine. Baby monkeys are separated from mothers at birth and provide wireframe dolls in order to prove that baby monkey craves a "face face". After 40 years of experience, researchers made themselves on the back to reach the brilliant conclusions: monkeys have emotions. A chimp called "Washoe" was in a concrete cage since 1966 for that, and today it is so. We get a short glimpse (again at low) in backing it against a concrete wall with a rather substandard expression. Personally, I do not need to see any other experimental data. Washoe, I apologize for all of our species.
