I joined this one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credit runs, so I did not know who did it first. The longer I saw it, the more I started thinking, "Jesus, this looks like a Albert Pyun Flick." Not quite sure, though, for the two main reasons: the photography was good (and the Utah scenery was beautiful), and Scott Paulin gave a hilarious performance as Simon, a murder cyborg, but with some style and a sense of humor. Paulin had to ad-libbed many smart one-material he shot out, because Albert Pyun did not write anything even remotely funny or coherent in his career. Unfortunately, Paulin has not been so much screen before he goes, and the movie gets worse for him. Lance Henriksen, playing the evil head cyborg, widening his way to his part, as he did in many movies like this. I do not know what Christ Christofferson's hell is doing in this; Maybe he wanted to see what the Uta desert looked like to get paid for it. She goes to the movie looking (and sounds) as she just got up, and in fact spend most of the last half of the movie on her back in a tent. Kathy Long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fighting very well, has a great body, and does not have an iota of acting talent, but it does not matter in a movie like this . This being a movie by Albert Pyun, it's full of the marks that we've all come to know with love: dialogue and idiotic dialogue, scary corruptions, and the impression that they lose a reel in the middle of the picture and calculate, " Ah, no one ever notice. "As bad as this movie is, however, it's a shadow above other pyun's efforts - this is" Citizens Kane "compared to brain-angomers." Adrenaline: Feel the Rush ", for example. Battle is very well done, if repetitive (after it hits eight or nine consecutive guys, you find yourself saying, "Well already, go to another thing"), and Long is very athletic (and, like a before posting noted, there is a great derrière). It's not a good movie by any stretch of imagination, but it's not anywhere near as incoherent and incompetent as Pyun's usual extravaganzas. You could do worse than renting this movie - not much worse, granted, but worse still.
