There are two groups ... those who love all Fellini movies are seen with normal people. While I'll admit that I've really enjoyed some of her films, I can also honestly say that I can not stand some of them. My opinion, by the way, is not just some knee-jerk reaction - I've seen most of Femini Fellini's and has also seen many films of the world's most famous directors. With that in mind, I feel that the most overrated and annoying director can both Godard and Fellini. They both rejoiced in exotic and often irreparable and yet they got the hobby Gobos out of review with the "intelligence", while the average person would never sit in some of the films. Heck, even someone who loves international movies would generally be leaving out of the cold when viewing some of these films. So since only a small clip is currently watching their movie and already predisposed to see the directors as engineering, it's not surprising that these films are often praised - it's like a cult! If you do not believe me, think about many of Godard's films like FIRMEN NO CARMEN or ALPHAVILLE, or what about FELLINI SATYRICON or JULIET in the Spirit? These films have many and boredom, weird and incomprehensibility. Now I'm not telling a movie can not be strange (after all I love HAPPINESS OF KATAKURIS and SHAOLIN OLD), but must look ?! Somehow, Fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and inexperienced. This is no small task - it took a lot of work to do this for restraint. Instead of sexual sexual intercourse, the sex acts are choreographed in a funny and annoying way while the character of Casanova is buried under numerous makeups and protesters that Donald Sutherland looks like a ghoul. I know some of this must have been the Fellini's intention, but many viewers will leave completely bored this sterile performance - especially since Sutherland's lines are all dummy in Italian and so it looks neither sounds like itself! Unfortunately, when the movie does not wrap up in these boring sexual escape, there really is not anything else to watch. <br /> An interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this movie is that the actress looks amazingly like a smaller version of Fellini's wife, Giulietta Holy. Considering that, in the previous decade Fellini played character playing as a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems like he could really hate his wife and he had this act on the screen. I read a bit about them and their storm relationships and it seems to bring this out. This is about the only aspect of this turgid film that I found in all interesting. Do not say I do not warn you!
