A serious allegation of sexual assault as well as some other peccadilloes unpleasant, including bad use in a broom, made up of half a dozen or so of the most popular high school jocks in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, by a " lou retarded "(Heather Matarazzo). The investigation was investigated and built in the case of the DA office, where Ally Sheedy and Eric Stoltz were put in charge. Rumor of the case is spread to Glen Ridge, an upper-middle class neighborhood where jocks are worshiped by everyone in the community. (One of the ancestors is a police lieutenant.) Nobody believes Matarazzo. "Our boys would never take a slip like that down the basement, raping it, and its subject to sexual humiliation." The question is whether Sheedy and Stoltz will ever be able to form a sufficiently cognitive case that they can bring their jocks to trial. Matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. She's desperate for love and friendship, making it easy for her friends to deceive her in making false statements. A mens reporter said, "You can trust me," but it turns out that the reporter can not trust at all. Another student, a very popular girl in the school, pulled a Linda tripp on Matarazzo, pretending to budos her friends, but all while asking questions that led her to the incident - and sewing the results! As a result, watching this story unfold is like being on a roller coaster. At first it looks like a good case for Sheedy and Stoltz. But then, oops, the community is organized against law. Then it looks good again. But then the reporter interferes. Then that obstacle is no sooner to overcome, Linda Tripp pokes his big nose into the investigation and made the public tape that seems to indicate Matarazzo was lying. (Well, actually, she was lying - but she was lying to her interceptor in order to please her.) Then this overcome, but the Matarazzo objects stand up because she does not want to be characterized as "delayed." Eric Stoltz is fine in part of the prosecutor. I say that for the simple reason he and I have lived in Pago Pago around the same time. (I hope he was not my kid had this discussion and at the bar of the Seaside Club .. If he was, I took back my compliments.) Ally Sheedy is a strange and difficult actress actor. He did a nice self-stress work at the "Fine Art" but I did not feel any particular effort being put into this role, which was rather formal in any way. I mean, neither he nor Stoltz, nor anyone else could give a brave performance to what is essentially a comic book story. The producers and directors had the right choice to choose Heather Matarazzo for the role of victim. The worst thing that can be done is to cast an etherically beautiful, noble blonde. Instead, Matarazzo, without all the ugly, looks rather plain and this ordinary quality is complemented by its grooming and iron. Neither the writers have turned it wistful and gentle. It has a temper and it is sometimes irritating to listen, which is all for the good. Matarazzo's character is best drawn to the movie. Jocks are stereotypes. Worst. They think themselves higher than the law, bargeing on some of the girls in East Orange, garbage the place during a party far worse than the "La Dolce Vita" climactic orgy and leave without explanation or exquisite. They deserve to find it in the neck - and they do. <br /> I'm referring to this as a comic book story with this pretty much what it is. It challenges any of our prejudices. He reaffirms the belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. And we do not have a doubt about who is in that. What I'm waiting for - not really, this is just rhetorical - is a movie almost exactly like this one and another dozen, but in which the victim is linging in order to find his name and photo of the papers and garner All these sympathies ship from right-thinking thoughts like the rest of us. The movie is based on a true story, as many others have seen, and even more fictional features. (Example, the "defendant".) Some are good, some are strictly routine. Agree. Fair enough. Now, when we get to see a movie about the Tawana Brawley case, in which the teenage girl who has disappeared on a whim for a few days, then her friend was stripped of her, tied her up , and rub it with dust, so he might claim that he was kidnapped and raped by the police? Now that would be a challenge in one way this simply is not.
