I'm usually a fan of Lee Spike. It takes some time to get into it "mojo", but once you see the message clear and the ability to tell the story that is close to her, Lee is a genius. Unlike the 25th or Bamboozled Hour (two of my favorite films in it), there was no clear history of this movie. I could understand the struggle between Washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some odd reason Lee could never get the true feeling. Washington has done a decent job and has released it, but you might say that this was not Lee's favorite movie. Not only did Lee direct this film, but he also wrote. You can say. The camera work was seized and the writing only contributed to the decay of the movie. This movie came full circle and it was not going to be beautiful. Lee was not 100% behind this movie as he was and did wrong. Of all the films I saw Lee direct, this was the brightest and more modest in her movie. It was almost as if he had created a Hollywood movie instead of one who was all his own. I do not know if he saw the money out of Making things right and running with him, or what? but this movie did not demonstrate his true talent. For anyone outside who saw this film, and maybe stop watching anything directed by Spike Lee after that due to this movie, I suggest you give him a second chance. Do not get me wrong, I see exactly where you are coming from with this movie and why you want to put that behind you, but Lee is growing up. His work gets more of his own, and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money just want to make good movie. It took me a moment to watch the 25's, but when I did, she was brilliantly absolute. Perhaps it was the actors, perhaps the story, but Lee fabricated an amazing movie from one person's trip to the unknown. I guess that's what I expected Mo 'best Blues would turn out to be. This trip really black in the life of a man who really never grew up, but instead all I had Denzel being Denzel. She really is one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and I consider her to Sydney Poitier's cinema, but this was not the movie to show her talent. <br /> Another problem that I had with this movie was used by Spike's sister to play one of their favorite interests. I do not know about you, and your family, but I do not think I could film a sex scene with my sister. I do not care what the actor is or how much I get paid, I would never do it. It's just something that I never want to see, but apparently different to Spike. He went ahead and showed the naked image of his sister without any remorse. She was sad and even made me blush. Also, I need someone to answer me. What Flav Flav is introducing this movie? So I sat there on my couch, ready to start the movie, when suddenly there was a voice from the past spell from the studio that made this movie, then he recognized himself. That did not build for a great stay in the story. Again, I felt that Lee went for money on this movie instead of real talent. Perhaps this is how he could afford both Denzel and Wesley in the movie without any explosions. There were two big scenes in this movie that made it worth watching at the end. Do not get me wrong, this was a very bad movie, but there is still a diamond in each go. The Bleek air scene accidentally forgotten that her woman was and was fascinating. He always came back with ideas, confusing truths in a way that proved that Lee was actually behind the camera. It was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining scenes. The other scene that was worth watching was the way that Lee presented and finished the movie. By keeping the same rhythm and direction, he could bring this tragic character around circle full and give him the chance to change his life. Other than these two moments, the rest of the movie was much more waste, not worth watching unless you are on going blind. <br /> <br /> Class: ** from *****
