Things get a very early aunts of this movie in this bio mawkish jazz film and directed by Spike Lee. Bleek Gilliam (Denzell Washington) is a trumpeter jazz happenin 'that fronts a fifth pack in the Bottom Inside. Its problems include an incompetent manager, a hogging player sack player and two girlfriends playing music and mattresses. The real love of his life even though his trumpet and his music are. The Giant Manager, Giant, has a dangerous game problem and proves it is an effective negotiator and vicious club owner and it would be best jettisoned, but Bleek remains loyal for as long as possible. It will prove that it is rendered as an artist but ironically contributes to its growth as a person. As Bleek, Denzell Washington is all wrong as the ambitious trumpet and a babe on every arm. It is too sweet a guy to be so self centered on his art, dispense patience and love those close to him with a low key extremity. It simply misses the fire. Wesley Snipes who play the Henderson Sax player would far more fit for the role, but even it would be the thin mouth to throw scribblings into the Tòpiid Lee dialogue. As Giant, Lee hit the trifecta with an abysmal performance matching his writing and direction. Liberty tries to grubby the grubby, but sympathetic Ratso Rizzo's Blue Buck's Joe Buck to adopt a lame and even "I walk 'here" moments from Midnight Cowboy. In this case you want the taxi to run it on and be done with it. Lee's script is all tacky argument, heavy loop and plain insults and some editorializing clumsy requisites that Lee injected them down. The scenes between the slider band members and the repetition of spark crack and them are just more powerful than the dreariness by the blue, the Giant conversations that have a free ad look and go to the circle. Complete this travesti is visual visual Lee. Tracking shots, zoom and pan are wasted and without meaning of the scene. They just wander. <br /> <br /> Blues is love jazz letter (made implicitly by the mountains of memorabili plastering all the other series) and it's all traps trap that is lacking passionate and verve. Jazz on film is best served by the Tavernier's Midnight Round and Birdwood Eastwood which is found below the surface, revealing more places in the form, the pain behind it in addition to offering infinitely lead performance by Forrest Whitaker and the Dexter real Gordon deals. This spike Lee Joint does not even offer a mild buzz. Some homegrown is very bad.
