As a Dane I'm proud of the handful of fine Danish cinema produced in recent years. It is a terrible shame, however, that this wave of quality led the majority of Danish film critics to lose their sense of criticism. In fact, it has become so bad that I have no more confidence in the Danish cinema review, and as a result I stopped watching them in the theater. <br /> I know it's wrong to keep upset developments against any one movie, so let me stress that "Villa Paranoia" would be a horrible movie under any circumstances. The fact that he was hyped by the critics just added fuel to my firefighters in despair and Danish films. In addition, waiting until it came out on DVD was very little help against the irritable feeling of wasting time and money. Erik Clausen is an accomplished director and a talent for social realism in the Copenhagen city environment. I particularly enjoyed "De Frigjorte" (1993). As an actor she is usually funny, though she generally plays the same role in all of her movies, namely that of a slob-work-class down on her luck, partly because she is a slave, but mostly because of society, and that surrender itself does not do a good thing for its community. <br /> <br /> This is number one issue of "Villa Paranoia"; The Clausen proposes himself as a chicken farmer, which is such a break from the norm that he never succeeds in making it credible. <br /> <br /> It is worse, however, that the movie has made torsion and turns and breaks all the rules in telling a story to make the audience understand what is going on. For example, the movie opens with a very sad attempt to visualize the near-death experience of the main character and the use of low-budget effect and bad camera work. And the character tells his best friend that he suddenly felt the urge to throw himself on a bridge. This is the symptom of the whole movie; There is little or no motivation for the actions of the characters, and Clausen resorts in the lower form to communicate regardless of motivation to have: Say instead of showing. So, at one point, you have a character talking loudly of someone cardinate cardinals on the way it feels, because the script would not allow him to act out his feelings; and later, voice-over is suddenly presented, possibly as a reflection, transmitting feelings that would otherwise remain unknown to the audience due to the director's ineptitude. Fortunately, at this point you're about an hour past care on any of the characters, let alone the so-called story. The act, which has often been a problem in the Clausen movie, can be added to one sad statement: Søren Westerberg Bentsen, whose only other vending claim was like a contestant on Big Brother, is not much worse than several actors they are announced at the disposal. <br /> I give this 2-out-10-rating.
