Six GIs, about to be sent home and discharging, get drunk and sneak into a gathering of cultures in Asia. Surrounded by face hooded, two male dancers pretend to have a fight. Behind them, on an altar, a woven basket and a painted face appear and begin to imitate a snake, finally biting one of the dancers in the neck. The imitation snake is dressed in some classic ballroom looking. (This is definitely a female imitation snake.) The cult of sneaked at the secret meeting has warned six people to repeat that ceremonies should not be cut and, most definitely, no photos have to be taken or else they will be driven down and killed. Of course, the GIs takes a flash picture, sends their fellow members to an angry hysteria, steal the basket that has the "snake" and runs with it in the Asian night. <br /> One of the men, most offensive and snarky, dies from a cobra bite of the neck, though no one can explain how the snake entered the hospital room. <br /> <br /> Back to New York, it all looks rather old news as the discharge of people staying in civil life, always keeping their bond with each other. Their work varies from manager to a bowling alley (David Janssen) to graduate student research (Richard Long). James Dobson, Jack Kelly, and Marshall Thompson are also part of the neighborhood. Richard Long has a nice blonde girl. Kelly is a slightly reckless womanizer. But they all get together well enough and all of them look happy. Then a black, starving-looking, mysterious woman (Faith Domergue) shows up and Marshall Thompson takes a sympathy and insinuates him into the group. <br /> <br /> Guess what happens. First Janssen is frightened by a shadow of the back seat and dies in a car crash. Then Kelly gets a visit to Domergue. Something frightening him so badly he tumbles through the window and dies in the fall on the sidewalk. Long and Dobson begin to suspect what the viewer already knows - that Domergue had something to do with their deaths. They also argue that maybe it turned into a Cobra, which is the case. Dobson met him with his suspicions and he proved his point. <br /> <br /> At this time Long and Thompson are quite frazzled, particularly Thompson, who is in love with Domergue and has discovered that he has attracted him, too, although he must explain it "love" is. There are no problems. A reckless assault by the Cobra woman against the girl's long girlfriend - none of the six original offenders - and Thompson must throw the snake out of the window. On the pavement below, the body changes to that of Domergue. End a. <br /> I think I'll jump on most of the above-mentioned questions. I'll just mention one of the more prosese of passing. Who pays for Domergue's price from somewhere in Asia to New York? Who pays his utility bills to the hotel? Who pays for her spectacular wardrobe? How did she come to speak English? What the hell is going on? Writers and directors have clearly seen some of Lew Lewton's modest movie horrors and, though not much effort has gone through this production, they have been unashamedly stolen some fluids from Lewton. In Lewton's "The Cat People", for example, the woman is transformed into a black leopard but, with one small exception, the threat is still kept in the shadows, and is all the more spooky for her. Most of the transformation here also uses shade also, but unlike Lewton, the shadows are clumsy and unmistakable. <br /> <br /> Lewton also made occasional use of what he called "bus". The first "bus" Lewton was literally. A potential victim will rush through the dark tunnels of Central Park and only the sound of track. Something or someone will follow it. It is frozen and scary under a street lamp. Something rustles the branches in the highest bush it. It looks upstairs. There is a great speech that slows down your hair standing on the end. It's a bus using brake when it's up to it. Producers use at least two "buses" in this movie and they have nothing to do with them. A guy is walking distractedly through an intersection, for example, and there is suddenly the sudden crash of a truck that almost hit him. There is no set up the shot. It's trapped in with a shoe cone. <br /> I do not care much for steroids that perpetuate stereotypes of serpents such as thin, ugly, harmful, and phallic. As a matter of fact, there are no slimy snakes, most are harmless, and many are extraordinarily beautiful. In addition, they have more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and targeted approaches to goals. Do you want a reptilian symbol for masculinity? Try a six-lane racer. It's a really fast lizard. When she saw something to eat, she rushes up and gobbles it down. <br /> <br /> Anyway, if you want to see some fine, low-budget films are scary, do not bother with this one. Finding the "Cat People" or one of Lewton's other minor leaders, in which this is an obvious copy.
