I was using IMDb for years and I never wanted to get involved in the movie commentary ?? until now. This documentary has many problems that I hardly know what to say. I am not a Muslim, nor am an Islamic expert expert, but I know enough to shed some light on the obvious one-sided opinion that this documentary does. <br /> <br /> The problems with this movie begin with the fact that it is a documentary. Most of the documentaries I've seen are anchor themselves around a few valid points and then surround these points with accounting interpretations and misinformation. This is certainly the case with Islam: What the West needs to know. Yes, there are fundamentalists around the world, and some of them are Muslims, but to build a documentary on all Islam around a percentage of radicalized children is incredibly false. This is really a documentary on fundamentalist aspects of Islam and nothing more. <br /> For those who would like more objectively to explore some of the issues raised in this documentary, here are several points that can help. Nothing positive about Islam is presented in the documentary. The documentary focuses on the Middle East, but more Muslims live out of this region. More Muslims live in China, believe it or not, than in Saudi Arabia. Approximately 40% of all Muslims live in Pakistan, Bangladesh, India and Indonesia. Translation of the Quran used in the documentary is one doubt. I watched the documentary while watching another translation and the differences were hit. I was warned about the translation being used in the documentary and now I know why. Surra 98: 6 is a good example. The documentary suggests that Surrah says disbelievers will go to hell. But the translation I read readily: "Those who reject the truth among those in the book and among the polytheists will be in hell." The difference is that those who reject Truth are those who know God and God's truth and they decide to reject it anyways. The film mentions that there is no inherent morality in Islam, but this is not true. Although it is true that many from the Qur'an and Hadith, Islam also recognizes a concept called 'Urf or' normative behavior. " It is obvious what normative can interpret many ways, but 'Urf means to be "good" behavior, what an average person would consider good or evil. Documentary presented Shar'ia (Islamic law) as one unified body of knowledge that all Muslims follow. This is simply not true. There are many Islamic schools in law and vary from progressive and modernist fundamentalists to their interpretation of law. <br /> <br /> Tradition of Hadith is similar. There are thousands of hadith and each school in the law accept some and dismiss others. Using the Hadith without serious scholarship to determine what are accurate, real and applicable, is disclosure picking and choosing situations from the story to fit what you mean ?? the documentary is made. <br /> What I hope to achieve is fundamentally the problem, not Islam or any other religion. Christianity has the fundamentalist physician's doctor's clinic and so on. I know this is not the same as suicide bombers, just understand that the justice of fundamentalism is arguably the issue. If you feel you have the answer, then everyone else will be wrong. But if you feel you have a response you can work with other people's views on politics, religion, god, or whatever.
