It is not obvious in watching this film (so I recommend looking at people's searchers who present the cases in it) but this presentation on the facts of Islam, with its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-Muslims lack of goals, and also completely overlook factors in the human condition. It is one thing to document that the Koran tells a lot about how a devout Muslim is required to communicate with non-Muslim, but any realistic is able to realize that not everybody feels himself or herself to be a follower of Islam , they will agree to comply with all the principles of faith and this system. There are many reasons to call the presenters in question, those viewers need to see the presentation with a health hazard; Do not swallow it all, hook, line, and sinker, without some thought of your own. <br /> One specific, for example, conducting research on Walid Shoebat's people; who claims to be a former Muslim who committed a terrorist act in Bethlehem. There are many wise people in the world who believe neither of these statements. I have never been a Muslim. I never read the Qur'an. I am not a Christian, nor a member of faith _any_. But I'm a clever human and smart. While the film is quite disturbing, in its presentation of how Muslim SOME sees the obligations of Islam; I remember that there are more Islam than the opinions of the fundamentalists. As well as the fundamentalists and evangelical Christians, so, there are variations in the intensity of beliefs and obligations among Jews and Muslims. When you watch this movie, you need to have the sole researcher on hand. One tablet will not be enough, you will need more. Please use your own ideas and thoughts for yourself, research what is presented, and evaluating the state of the world and how Islam fits into it based on more than what has been said in 98 minutes of video. There is a common thread in political affiliation among those who put this film together, indicating a definite bias. Make your own brain.
