Wow, I can not believe people consider this a 'good' movie. Now I've seen much worse, but there are many romantic comic comics with John Cusack. This is a mediocre movie at best. While the act was not terrible, but not great, for a romantic comedy, there was little passion, little romance. There were lots of loose objects that do not show or do not address. Unfortunately, the main characters come out like complete lime. They do not know themselves enough to realize that they do not like people they are engaged. How do we know they are not in love? By the lack of completely in removing both characters have to leave their finances. I can think of some more romantic things than the ongoing escape from these two commitments. The movie does not even end with a wedding scene, more than likely both getting cold feet and drop each other like hot potato once a commitment is nearing. This film is really about two people who can not commit to anything, unlike Cusack's previous character, who was more than willing to make a deep commitment (Loyd says nothing, Martin in Grosse Pointe Blank, etc. ). <br /> The greatest chess of this movie was to complete the complete on any turn twist, or anything of interest. When the movie ended, I felt like they failed to include a climax in the story, which basically fits the entire movie: boring. There is no suspension on whether the two will end together, no joy when they do, no consequences of their actions. <br /> It is sad that people are blind to pain in this movie, that they simply crave any criticism and 'Everyone is too cynical!'. Critics of this film are not cynicism, simply fairly tested. There are many other best romantic comedies, including Grace Kelly, or Eva Marie Saint. <br /> <br /> If you think this movie is great, try these movies, your heart will explode: the Princess Bride, say anything, Big Pointe Blank, High Faith, Keep Faith, Charade, End Windows, North by Northwest, or There's Something About Mary (which is a good exam of romance ideals vs. society today).
