Really started the 80s trend of disgusting masculine violence as a "horror movie". I was target audience for this repackage of waste and I was lousy then as now. <br /> Oh, where we start. Let's look at the setup: You can bring people back to life if they were killed by a violent death. So that easiest facilitation is the excuse to hide people in terrible ways, because, well, this need to bring them back to life! This might have worked if played on the top of a laugh at the Re-Animator or something. But no, he played straight. There is a whole family of fright in a wagon that comes down, one of the few scenes at least where the ruins are on the screen. However, just about everything else is on screen. There is actually a scene where a young girl is walking together is beaten and killed by zombie townspeople, who all her films and grinning with several cameras. Then there is a close look at his face as the love-cinematic movies - and time-consuming - revealing in his time-mistaken photography he shot figures that were carved down to a skull and rebuild them to look "normal" again . This does, of course, not a Jack Albertson slumming as the mortar behind it all. She likes to drive around in an ambulance / hear playing old Tommy Dorcey Melody, I guess that's supposed to be nice. <br /> <br /> In the end, of course, even the Sheriff is undead and the doctor offers sweet but hand-ridden range. Not clear why the Sheriff does not come out with other townspeople killing and glee and slicing their faces off, sticking to the needle burning eyes, etc. <br /> I wonder, really wonder what people see in a geek show like that to give it any rating all at all. It's not scary, the twists are ridiculous, and in general it's sick kind. It's not quite enough to do "see it on a dazzy" or enjoying a level you could watch a bad HG Lewis movie. It's just God-terrible garbage, made for those who get in on this kind of freeware gurus, and does not slumming people for a check. <br /> <br /> Tris Albertson was even involved.
