Seriously - avoid this movie at any cost. I just saw it at my first time "sneak preview" ever, and although I paid non-refundable money, I walked out of the movie after only 15 minutes. That already includes 2 minutes of discussion among my friends if you do not leave. First of all, I walked out of a movie. And I lived in these wonderful things. <br /> It's one of those who is armed (and seriously so) even if it is shown in its original language. It depends on the oldest, easiest and cheapest jokes in the book. On the military ("What do we do once we reach the battlefield?" - "You get out of the car and die"; actually, it's very much funnier here how it was released in the movie), about drugs (a guy eating some "cookie space", behaves really funny and misses his marriage or he lives in it while high - all seriously writes and acts), about women in the army ("Why do we only get trumpets? promised weapons! "-" So it is, so that it will stay ") ... Argh. Well, you might actually find these really funny, but in this case you seriously scared me. <br /> <br /> In addition, I've seen best acting in the kind of soft porn movie you get on European night late tv. So he blamed to blame (deliberately), beyond the lower average acting, lacking pace, was seriously armed and edited ?? It just did not work. At least not on any level used as a measure of film. <br /> I would even be so bold as to say that this cops prove that people can be a much less sophisticated young Germany. And this says something if you like stereotypes. (Which I do not do, it's good to play with them, though. Just in case someone thinks I'm not being PC enough.) Instead of going to see this movie, doing something useful. Try to teach shaving crocheting, paint your hook in a really irritating color, disassemble your bike, change some light bulbs, try to understand Einstein's theory, convert to a different religion and back - in fact, go and listen to "Last Christmas" by Wham! on ending repeatedly. Anything, but do not look this horrible flick.
