What happened in doing this movie so that he ended up as the total mess is it? Just a year after the "Club Breakfast", a brilliant film and many of the same actors as in the fire "St. Elmo" (which are in the look and act of the last more as they were always the high school misfits the former but without the grip or discipline to show their roles .. <br /> <br /> Was it directly or written ... Since it was the same person (Joel Schumacher) it must be both. Then Schumacher has since given us the "Phantom of the Opera", "Phone Booth", "A Time to Kill", and two Batman cinemas, "Batman and Robin" and "Batman Forever" that range from in the great good LED. A thing goes wrong on "StEF" because it has no genius too, no comedy worth, and it's very far away from the mark of what's really important in life. /> Example: Wendy in character (a rich girl with a good heart and helps the less lucky play by Mare Winningham) reveals Billy (a disobedient slave who cheats on his wife and her girlfriend, drinks far too He does not have no sense n in order in his life accordingly played by Rob Lowe) that he is still a virgin. Billy really sees a challenging and possible conquest but Wendy "is not ready". Wendy, in fact so not ready it is hard to believe it is in this click of friends. Later in the story, when Billy has wives let her take her son and marry another has to somehow draw some of the strings of his life together. Billy is leaving for New York, deserting and abandoning all parental responsibility for her daughter, she is convinced Wendy that her girls would be perfect to "get away from gifts" from her to give her. And Wendy, who works as a social worker helps family break, does not seem to be progressively at all by this dump. Give me a break. The one thing he can only give once, gives a loser who leaves his family and friends? Schumacher framed this scene as a wonderful and touching moment. Many more examples exist where there is a complete disconnect between what is real and their value was overhead and the acts they made to look like virtue. I think some people can say that "that was the 80s" but I remember it was in the "80's" that men were beginning to be responsible for the kids being fathered in a marriage or out. /> <br /> I think this movie is so bad because it's so out of sync with it's really important and right. As for the technique (not the story), it was awful as well. She is disjointed and feels like a movie 3 hours that has been edited to 1 hour and 40 minutes. Transitioning and jumping in time simply does not make sense. Pick up what's in the editing room floor, put it back and the movie would probably shed better ... but it's still a horrible movie. Maybe Schumacher has become a better and strong director since 1986 (he must have) or maybe he was on his head when he came to write the scenario for St. Elmo's fire or maybe group This actor took over the series and went his own way - that's what I really thought was happening.
