I will probably find a lot of flack for hating this movie - guess I did not approach it with the proper two-eye nostalgia of the previous generation. But it's hard to say-St Storm's bridge was very crap-frustrating-tastic, even as far as Brat's movie went off. Here is another wonderful example of the garbage, independent neurosis which is 80s everything (rents, anyone?) The plot is usually non-existent with the kitchy philosophy at best, poorly rescued in the time. Incomplete lack of objects similar to sympathetic characters does not help the situation. There really was no growth, no movement forward at all. Even the climactic suicide scene was effectively neutered by once again refusing to leave death or something resembling reality or adult life. <br /> Each face knife cookie simply goes on making you hate them in the annoying, most predictable way possible. The Stalker is a creep for no other reason to rally than it is a Stalker and Andie MacDowell is gorgeous. Jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind you he is, well, a jackass. The gorge slip hides really feelings, deep pain and a wildlife. Poem humor and mopes around for a full 3/4 of the movie until it can be revealed (!) It's actually all teddy bear with sun and rainbows. The Virgin finally becomes a whole, happy person after receiving the whole desire of the Virgin in one hot roll in the bag with a Jackass before he ditches it in really changing (for this real time). Cheats cheat cheats until it's time to get caught. And finally feminism goes to the holy water on any soul that uses "engagement". <br /> <br /> Which brings me to my final flesh-that the super-cement bond has kept these people together as friends? I can not imagine being just one of them- Now think of whirlwinds created by all that narcissism centered into one bar. And they all were horrible to each other - head to toilet, near rape, and sleep around with everrrryone. The cherry was after two BFFs acting like baboons total after Feminist's fucking, it's like, "Umm, actually I do not want them and one of us again. Let's have friends! And we can hang out in a totally way unawkward all day knows that I can hook up with one or the other at any given point, but neither of you satisfies enough for commitment (NOT SAW!). "And they all smile as if they said," Golly Gee, I never thought of that! What a great idea! " <br /> Only it is not. Kinda in the way that watching this movie is not true.
