Sam (Thomas Cavanagh) and Gray (Heather Graham) devote to siblings sharing an apartment with a lot of love - dance salon, 1940 musical films and, much of their surprise, an attractive woman named Charlie (Bridget Moynahan ). Historically heterosexual, Gray is confused by his new feelings. <br /> <br /> Gray matter proved to be one of the blandest films I've ever seen. It's dull, predictable, unfunny, wrong and wrong writing. There is nothing about it feeling real and everything was very cheesy. Also, this is not really a romantic comedy with a special twist but more of a "coming out" movie. Sue Kramer tried to make the first half of the sweet and romantic stuff with the second half serious and the actual acceptance and coming out part. Unfortunately, it failed miserably. The first half was largely unfunny and only Heather Graham was able to hold it a little. Then the movie took a left tone and got all serious. The serious scenes were busy and all the emotions just felt phony. <br /> I think I would enjoy the movie a little more if the relationship between the characters felt more authentic. The relationship between brother and sister was very weak and did not seem really close. Relationships just did not feel very natural. Also, the relationship between Tom and Bridget felt very unnatural. If two people will marry after only knowing each other for less than a week, then you would expect to see a little more excitement but the characters spoke about getting married in Vegas in the same way by asking a men who specialize. There was a lack of excitement in the film and it was difficult to participate in the movie with the unmotivated characters. <br /> <br /> The act was particularly weak that was a bit surprising to the decent cast. Heather Graham has given only good performance in the movie. It was funny and had a few good scenes but it was too bad that all of his co-stars were filled with gentle. Bridget Moynahan was very weak and performance was called fake on every level. Also, it seemed like it was reading his line. Thomas Cavanagh was very wild and showed almost no emotions. The chemistry between Thomas and Heather did not exist and damaged the movie because their relationship felt phony. I can usually count on Molly Shannon to be funny in a supporting role but here it was just annoying. Sissy Spacek was on two scenes and was annoying in both of them. Finally, Alan Cumming just had a nasty character and his performance was not very good. In general, gray matter is a lame film and is not worth seeing. Rating 3/10
