I had to walk out on this movie fifteen minutes at the end ... it was through the creation stage and the best of boredom. What really horrifies me, I mean truly interrupting, is that people refer to this drivel fly as' succulent 'or a' must see. I would feel sorry for those who are suffering, not for the impression that different from the positive comments about this fund and humor travesti were written by industry plants. The truth is this is a movie that does nothing to entertain or shine. It is definitely unfunny, wrongly scripted and has all the pace and energy in the cold, pouring rice into boxes. To be good Ms Kramer, the best way to say was a missed opportunity, because she read the Summary before I looked at her, hoping for something more difficult. Possible misinterpretations of a siblings depend on the sister, the unexpected inauguration of 'swearing' sexuality, and the silly potential of such sibling rivalries (for the affections of the same girl) were all obvious subjects for exploration Comic refreshing, yet in every turn the movie frustratingly shies away. Instead, the audience underwent a series of courageous insights and insupidly drawn, featured features and dull performance from a struggling struggling and obviously in need of greater tightening. The lack of control of the regularity is amazing; On the one hand, Moynahan, Cavanagh and Spacek all provide extremely pedestrian performances, while Heather Graham and Molly Shannon - the particular letter - are vehement towards nasty over-compensation at times. One could put the blame for this on the director - maybe Sue Kramer hopes that if his acting actor, they will force a bigger laugh at the audience. But then again, the cast is a veteran; one would expect to do better. Sue Kramer really needs to think carefully what kind of movie he wants to do, and for whom. Given the possible issues of Gray Matters alludes, and given its inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, perhaps it should consider writing rather dramatic. I know it's never easy to make movies about women and women's issues, especially when someone hopes to get a wider audience than women, but whatever direction it takes, disliking and delicate characters like Gray will not cut mustard.
