This is one of the worst movies I've seen this year. You should not see this movie but if you insist on wasting your time you should stop here, there are SPOILERS. Gray Matters Center on Gray and Sam Baldwin (Heather Graham and Tom Cavanagh). Only Gray and Sam are Brothers and Sisters; living together in the eyes of others as men and women. There is no sex but just about everything else. Earlier, the movie begins with its terms: 'The most absurd thing in the most absurd moment and you guessed it's the most absurd reaction.' Gray and Sam decided to check out the dog park with a borrowed pig. Instead, push his brother to find the thin first woman to see for him, he does it and gets the questions nitty-agonizing too. When he signaled his brother came over to start a 3-way date. Charlie (Bridget Moynahan) is the girl in their dreams, like everything right etc .. Sam finally hit Gray on the head and the couple finished the date with a marriage proposal! That Charlie accepts! In a week Charlie, Gray and Sam are in Vegas. In the next week Charlie and Gray are off doing wedding makeup (apparently Charlie has a face off-the-shelf). Gray is slurping a frozen earth when Charlie suggests Gray trying on some gowns as well and picking out a $ 10,000 frock for her. While Charlie is her zipper in this 'down-pay-on-a-house' grid Gown continues to slurp on the latte (I swear it was like a food bag). What should happen, but 'woops!' earth all the gown. He never explained how they came from Bloomingdale's bridal salon and came out a $ 10,000 mocha color. Return to 'reality'? Caesar Palace Las Vegas. They have 'big room roller' (Sam is a resident surgeon and Charlie is an international zoologist? Did they get all this money?) Gray kicks Sam out of the saloon room down the hall for her and Charlie can have a Bottle-to-thong bacon, you guessed it - they kissed. Gray remembers everything; Charlie remembers nada. They make it to marriage shrine and rights when the Reverend gets to his line "If there are any people here who have any objection whatever the union of these two lovbirs" Gray gets their hiccups. Gray excuses himself, for some reason the reverend must repeat his last line, and right on the queue 'okay' again. Gray is coming to NY and starts dating any person it meets, literally. And of course one is you guess it again! Gay. The other is a jerk and the third is a taxi taxi driver (Alan Cummings) named Gordy. It is hit with Gray but their feelings do not return. They become great friends. This is good because when it comes clean and Sam on the kiss. He blows and kicks him out of their apartment. When Sam comes to his senses he goes to his office. Gray works in an ad agency. This office is in danger of sunrise. It has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that are broadcast in all computer monitors at the agency. Sam gets gray at one of the conference rooms for a not-so-private conversation and ends up hiking in the entire office. This is where I doubt that there was a gay or lesbian man on the crew: Gordy came to his rescue and convinced her to go to a lesbian bar. 'Sorry no man' says the bouncer. So Gray and Gordy return with Gordy to drag. Bad drag. She was in a black satin-like belt, a string of pearls, and a grandma's church hat. No lesbian would ever confuse this 'man in a dress' as a queen dragging a lot less a woman. The cafe was also the right man's fantasy in what a lesbian bar is: full of Victoria's secret model. All turn out peachy ?? She went home with her firm client. Gray is happening over the woman and finally doing more than kissing. For some reason nobody tells Charlie anything and it is the subconscious of the entire movie of this kiss with Gray, but that's for the end.
