When you watch a comic movie like 'Hot Rod,' one must sit back, relax, and change one's intelligence capabilities in a state like ?? that is, in this case, a state is dimwitted enough to endure brainless farms that somehow made mistakes for comedy. With a short epimate of 88 minutes, this film was past drawn-out and buried under a pack of repetitive jokes ?? Jokes that came to a minority and were not even funny in the first place. The 'hot base material' is as superficial and irrelevant as the 2004 hit 'Napoleon Dynamite' hit, though it's much more comprehensible and it comes without any of the laughs. In fact, the blatant descent of the film must be compared to 'Napoléon Dynamite' is scandal and offensive, and let me break off, instead of just being annoyed. <br /> <br /> The movie, if one was forced enough to call it, posed a mischievous story that puts self-proclaiming stuntman Kim Kimble in front of us, with the intention of trifling in jumping buses (one more passing his idol Evel Knievel fly, so we're told by Rod) and raising $ 50,000 dollars for his heart-saving heart-saving heart surgery; All that he can fight his stepmother, once recovered, and to respect him ?? because in order to find one's respect, one must first fight them. Huh? Whatever. Each character is no more interesting than stick stick-on the mustache, and from blocking film opening to its ridiculous conclusions, each scene played as a nonsense, and terribly unfunny, SNL skit ?? which, with the addition of an extra 85 minutes, is, essentially, what 'Hot Rod' strives to be. The movie star Andy Samberg contributes a screen effort that observes exercising every last drip-drop in his comic abilities. Unfortunately rather, realistic ?? Her comic talent has no admirable more than a repeat five-year old joke exhausted that somewhere includes the innocent pod and pee-pee gag. And if this is irritating, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands, and brace yourself for the real blow: it's the movie humor! To rescue them from mortality, I'm going to be very impressed by Samberg's co-star role and left the second third of Lonely Island team, director Akiva Schaffer, his non-existent talent as a director ?? or a comedy. Basically, everything one can possibly do more to tackle a crash-course comedy perfectly described here; and do so awogantly, as if the movie should funnier that way. Trick yourself to believe that there's even a single laugh in this pile, or treating yourself in another movie ?? Any other movie.
