Recap: Dr. Markov has developed a new theory of how to produce energy, knowledge that would undermine the world. He keeps his knowledge coded with secrets and desperately wants out of the Soviet Union. KGB on the other side desperately wants the new technology. So they set a move in motion. During an attempt to release Markov, KGB's steps, Markov took a secret place and attracted him to revealing his secret when he told them in Sweden, and worked for the UN. As a backup, the KGB kidnapped Markov's daughter alien. CIA now sends the best agents, a team of Swedish Ninjas to control KGB and rescue Markov and his daughter. <br /> Comments: A movie movie that despite being not very good to see. The movie is quite ambitious but lacking in many areas. The first is that it's very black, probably hiding places and adverse effects, that some scenes are hard to understand. You can not see what's happening. The second thing that it lacks is martial art, despite being a ninja-movie. Be sure to have some, poor quality, but especially the firearm robots ninja or blast. The automatic weapons pose a problem too as they seem to have an endless supply of ammunition. And the ninjas seem almost immune to bullets while Soviet guards die like flies. <br /> <br /> What does he have to speak for him then? The idea and ambition foremost. Some actually, and especially for a Swedish film, decent action-scenes albeit not in martial arts. There are some nice slow-motion scenes and pretty much blood and gore. With some very exciting new technology technology that makes the heart of the victim or brain explode. Mostly the parts that you look at in a B-movie. Because it's definitely a B-movie, no mistake could be done there. But if you expect it, and watch it as a B-movie, it's fun. But do not forget, it's not just a b-movie set in the eighties. Some girls, for example, besides wearing ... allow to say "stimulating" clothes, there are dental lungs in eye shadow and makeup. <br /> In all, see for the cult status and the ambition. Enjoy it, and then forget it. <br /> <br /> 4/10
