Many people have claimed that Orca ?? Killer's Assassin is a rip-off jaw. This is not really true, though the success of the enormous commercial of Jaws undoubtedly made these people .vs. Animal stories more attractive to proposals for film makers in the second half of the '70s. Orca ?? Killer assassins would be best described as a modern-day stall in Moby Dick. It's a story about mania. On one hand a quest obsessive candle to avenge the death of its conjurers; on another quest the bounty hunter kills the candle before it can claim any more life. Unfortunately, Orca-Killer Whale is a very irresistible film, basically interesting idea it's a bit broken by compression performance and plumbing tablets. Nolan Hunter (Richard Harris) encounters a marine-life researcher Rachel Bedford (Charlotte Rampling) diving in the Atlantic Canada. The meetings are almost finished in disaster when Rachel's team is attacked by a large white shark, but a killer whale reaches the nick in time to stop the shark. And Nolan gets increasingly obsessed with capturing a killer whale and selling it to an aquarium. But his plans are darkened when he accidentally kills a pregnant woman in the species while the lousy man looks like. Rachel tells Nolan that a killer whale is an incredibly clever mammal with a strong memory and feelings just like a human. Worse still, native Umilak (Will Sampson) warns him that the candle will always remember his grief and do everything he can to revenge. Nolan initially tries to forget about the incredible incident, but the candle causing havoc in the fishing town and the unpleasant locals begins to demand that Nolan puts in the sea to follow it down and destroy it. Eventually Nolan is forced to pursue the bloodthirsty killer ?? The hunt leads all the way into the floating desert mirror of the Arctic Ocean, where people and animals play out the final fatal battles against each other. <br /> <br /> Two things stand out in this movie. One is haunting the note by Ennio Morricone (maybe the greatest composer of movie ever-ever, his talent wasting on various dividend-rate clunkers during the 70s and 80s). The other is the amazing widescreen photography of Ted Moore, which makes the film always fun in the eye. In each other, Orca ?? Killer's Assassin is a shoddy film that does nothing to enhance the reputation of casting his talents and crew. Harris appeared very ill in the movie, her hair bedraggled, black ring around her eyes and skin of skin death. His performance is lacking in the usual vitality. Rampling hit a lot of sexy poses but neglected to persuade and explaining it long-winded and ill-informed about the ways of candle. The rest of the actors are wasted in short and unpopular, most memorable role in seeing Bo Derek getting her legs bitten off by the vengeful candle. The plot is total nonsense beginning to finish, with the preposterous sequences as the candle deliberately begins a fire in the fishing village that engulfs and destroys the local refinery! Although it's credible supposed that the candles are intelligent creatures and genuine emotions, the idea that a whale can plot revenge against one enemy opponent and bring it out for conspiracy is absolutely absurd. Orca ?? Killer killer is really one for completists of the man .vs. Cycle cycles from the late 70s. Most coming from the movie shake their heads in disbelief and grinding their teeth and despair.
