This movie can not do itself if its message is "the people are evil and bad and the animals are sweet and blameless" or "never go to the water again." A sailor (Nolan) is out of a killer's nail, something very bad, but when he accidentally (ACCIDENTALLY marks you) hits a pregnant cow instead of his companion, the cow - and I use the word in every sense - that The person who is obviously a psycho-bitch is ill and the canonical bitch of the piece - throws himself against the propellers trying to grind himself in the most bold and hideous bits not to mention the ineffective method of killing himself. (I doubt he was his first one.) When the unborn fetus tackled out of his spit self-spitting, his mate went mental and revenge and swore to sore, kill and mutilate each person as much talk to Nolan. It is obvious as among men, totally psychos dating to other psychos. <br /> <br /> Rex in the half movie thinks out anti-human message, "Poor poor candle !! The evil guys must suffer and die!" And yet, he does not succeed in demonizing Nolan at all. It is true that when it was laid its motifs selfish and cruel, but at the first snowboard in the first candle it grows a heart and, as the film progresses, it grows more and more compassion for the candle's pain it seems he'll walk out on the ice and give himself to the candle, just make it feel a little better. <br /> <br /> The final movie tour, in which Nolan follows the candle on a rare trip to the north, reminds me of Melville's Melanie Melanie's behavior, and for a moment that was announced at a truly conclusive conclusion Interestingly, where these two husbands could connect, understanding even respect each other in their own grief, Nolan lost his wife and children who were not yet in an accident. Clearly Nolan respects the candle and feels for its losses. However, he never went there. The candle-character has no compassion or respect for anyone. The final scene loses this focus and it gets Jaw-love the Monster's location finally kills everyone with Nolan and has no doubt in a supervision, fails to chomp up the candle-hugger (which made a good snap for it's a little earlier.) I love animals, I hate whaling, and what more I like candle orca, but if the purpose of this film made me feel that the candle was the victim and that people who are Her and her dishonesty completely failed. Nolan shows compassion and growth, and feels for others, and the candle of thinking about is killing and maiming. <br /> <br /> The only one message can walk away and is "If you see an orca candle, ever, anywhere, run the other way if you step on to FIN it's bad way, it will be hunting You at the bottom of the earth destroy everything around you. "
