Orca begins as Irish Crusader Nolan (Richard Harris) and his crew trying to capture a big white shark so they can sell it for big bucks, unfortunately when a skilled calorie biologist called Ken (Robert Carradine) comes under attack from his shark killed by a killer whale, this raises Nolan's interest in killer whales & decides he wants to catch one of them instead. However while trying to do that he captured a pregnant woman & injured her to the extent she had aborted her unborn fetus on a pile of disorder and his wife, Nolan ordered to throw the candle back to the sea happens. Boy Killer Killer is recorded telling the youngest and killing one of Nolan's crew before reaching the dry ground in Newfoundland in Canada, once the killer has made a series of attacks on the city & it's the person in an effort to lure Nolan back from the sea for a fight to the death ... <br /> <br /> Led by Michael Anderson I thought this blatant rip-off was awful, I'm sorry but I thought it was just plain ridiculous & absolutely dull even in a moderate 90 minute odd. The script is not producer Luciano Vincenzoni & Sergio Donati so stupid I lose for words, the fact that it seems to be very seriously does not help & if I have to listen to Charlotte Rampling going on so intelligent killer whales are just another time again I will cry. I'm sorry but I simply do not believe a killer whale is intelligent enough to know which particular pirate belongs to & shedding it, I do not believe a killer whale can cause a huge explosion including striking an oil antenna from a wall On the opposite side he strikes as there is no way on earth he could know he was there, I do not believe a killer whale can identify someone's house, knowing someone is in the & then wreck it on purpose, i'm not believing a killer whale can move iceberg around them in the trap of a boat, I do not believe that killer whale can physically recognize people & I do not think it has any instinct revenge or at least any that are as strong as this mute movie makes out. Maybe I was a bit harsh, I mean it's only a movie after all but it's a movie that tries to be serious & things just so ridiculous that I've been half waiting killer whale to write a letter In Nolan telling his plans & hands (or should they end up) delivering it, the thing seemed smart enough to do just about anything else. Should be asked to come up with a cure for the common cold! Seriously, this is a statement not far beyond anything else in this movie. I found the movie very boring, totally dull & horrible characters with no screen presence at all. He goes without saying this is a Jaws (1975) rip-off that does not even come close to the Classic Spielberg. <br /> <br /> Director Anderson is no Spielberg that's for sure, this movie rubbishy has absolutely no suspense, crisis, tension or atmosphere at all. All the scene of the attacks are as dull as water & totally forgettable, there's no construct and virtually no pay as Orca does not get a single person's food. Then there's the scenes that literally were my laughs, the shots of the killer whale appear to cry to their best comedy and the opening scenes in my two candle killer suspected of trying to show them as a couple of 'love '&' caring 'but I could not help but think this is the closest we'll ever get into Killer Whale Porn, hilarious stuff. The foot of the head killer whales are bland and boring, instead of footsteps and improves the scenes around it it just looks like wildlife footage that has little connection to anything else. Do you get the impression that I do not like this movie? Well. Forget about any death or decent death either, there's a short scene when Bo Derek has her legs bite off but stick and you'll miss it. This probably had quite a big budget & it still sucks, nothing outstanding about Orca, it makes me think but flat, bland & totally forgettable. The cinematography is pretty nice though. The act is bad, Rampling is the terrible & late Ireland's accent 'is embarrassing. Orca is a rip-off jaw that completely ignores or releases everything that played Spielberg's movie so good, this is one for movie lovers everywhere. Definitely not recommended although not as bad as Mack: The Revenge (1987).
