I watched this movie in the Hallmark Channel lately. In my opinion, the film started out decent enough, but eventually turned. <br /> The story: A U.S. soldier in Afghanistan welcomes one of the Christmas cards that a woman has returned to the U.S. to send out from the troops for Christmas. It becomes inspired by the Christmas card that he felt he had given him a rays of hope and happiness in his life, a continuing motivation. When she gave leave, she went to the very town where the woman lives. She comes across and spunky young woman and eventually finds out that she is the one who sent the Christmas card. He meets the family and after saving his father (a veteran Vietnam War) to get hit by a car crossing the street, the family decided to take him in for a while. We learn that he does not have a family back home. The soldier agrees to help the family during Christmas season does not work with them in their company. The family likes it with vice-versa. The soldier also gets in love with the family's daughter - the woman who sent the Christmas card. There are only one problem. He already has a serious relationship with someone he is in love with. It's also a long distance relationship. The companion is very different from the soldier. He prefers wine and travel to France on hard work and the great outdoors. The woman prefers the milk. Throughout the rest of the film, there is a "love triangle" as the woman's companion is back to visit her city for the season. All in the family seem to want the daughter to be with the soldier and the mother basically wants what is best for her daughter. ** (COMPLETELY) * The woman comes as a soldier more and more, as they have a lot of common. They came to spend a lot of time together. It gradually gets attracted to his character. Then one day she kissed her and kissed her. Now it's so confused! She is in love with her boyfriend and wants to marry her a day, but she became so fond of the soldier. Soon enough, the companion (who does not know about the kiss, but is very protective of the woman and thinks the soldier was trying to move on) decided to propose the woman and accepted. His plans for marriage, however, are not the plans he wants. She wants them at home, have the kids and be close to her family. He wants to travel the world, go to exotic places and if he or she has kids want to take them together. This does not sound too scary for the woman. However, the soldier feels bad about what he has done and does not want to make things worse. So he decided to leave town, despite the father asking him to stay and be with his daughter. It all comes to a head when, in the Christmas Eve and Church service, we find that the soldier has not left again. The companion and the woman talk to each other outside and she, broken-hearted, basically decided to let her go and break up with her. The film ends with the woman and the soldier is getting together. <br /> What I like: I love the soldier in all of the movie. It's basically beautiful and polite, with a strong sense of doing good for others; There are times when the family goes with the Church and participates in charitable causes; The family holds their hands and prays during an evening meal at the table; The father and mother have a long-lasting and obviously healthy marriage; The soldier tries to do what's right in a situation after he does something very wrong <br /> <br /> Things I do not like: There is a very typical "love triangle" story in this movie; The soldier turns back like she slowly and subtly moves in on the woman and then eventually kisses her when she already has a boyfriend; Most of the family practically applaud this behavior - the family goes with the Church and participates in service, but this is how they act; there are some bad languages ​​<br /> Conclusion: I came to hell as the movie ran on, and it got worse and worse. I ended up soon ending many of the movie because I had enough. So the movie started out decent and some gem moments, but ended up damaging itself. Therefore, I do not recommend this movie to anyone.
