This film deserves another bad review. Consider one review of the film's films that include 'no gender, violence or gor'. Yes, excuse me. The extreme set-up of the film has us watching as Cody's young cutie, and the love of life and who has everything to live for is to blow in bits leaving Cody to keep my blood, blood. And, given the nature of war we know Cody has seen horrors on almost a daily basis. So much for those who watch this movie and glasses up that violence that defines Cody's character is erased from visual viewers. <br /> <br /> The essence of any family of his own Cody, like John Rambo, roams the country on his bike to make the trek long in USA in the vicinity of some places called Nevada City. No mention, there is no realization in the clear fact that Cody is quite damaged. We know that since CO has practically declared it so as Cody's command 'to get some rest' away from the death and destruction of war. This explains, as no apparent notice or care, Cody's effect 'flat' effect. It's not wrong to act. It is the flat effect of post traumatic stress disorder. Do not guess here, remember his CO ordered him in the battle field. How about this 'crash' kiss as noted by another review. The collapse was an accident, the kiss was not. How exactly was Cody 'respecting' Faith not to knock on him knowing well he spoke for? Now that was a moment of non-family value. A moment that is then announced the immediate universe as being posted on YouTube. Of course faith of faith in loyalty as well as Cody's 'coming on' to a woman who is planning to marry another receive in the spirit of the Xmas season, all cheating hearts and mouths. knowing little about the Faith of the Faith except that he professes his love for him and took no longer than a second nano to accept his proposal (might have waited if any second thought), he is generous, he loves Her death, the family is nothing really against her, she believes that the marriage is based on compromise and the two never discuss the wedding plan post. No one is doing wrong here .. Asner is a fine actor given on the hill dialogue as 'we love you child ....' 'You are part of our family' literally day after they meet a stranger called Cody. And 'brothers' discussions where the sentence was above all never intended to apply virtual strangers to the battlefield. <br /> <br /> Bottom line: This film is candy foam candy that finds itself in bigger ways. Most enormously when he commended Cody's disrespect for faith by physically striking he knew well he was talking to. Do not re-define family as we know it: accepting a virtual stranger as a full-fledged member of the family because we all love you. How many of you did that or know anyone who did that. PA.
