Banned Mermaid-based Siren 2 Playstation 2 (the game very much 2s). As most video games turn movies, I would say that the majority does not translate into a different way really well. And that goes for this one too, undue. There is a very beautiful prologue that explains and sets the house for the story, and the mysterious island on which a writer (Leo Morimoto) and his children, Yuki's daughter (Yui Ichikawa) and son Hideo (Jun Nishiyama) come to them advanced. Villages do not look all too friendly, and soon enough, they give advice on the island's mermaid, to stay inside once the mermaids begin to groan. <br /> <br /> Of course and slowly, things start to go out, and our siblings go to a beaten mission around the bush to discover exactly what's going on this unfriendly and its foreigners. But in truth, you will not bother and what's going on, as tradition and fairy tale get driven to convince the plot even more. What has really pushed him into the realm of bad comedy is the sick-wearing-out-of-the-normal moments that just drew harsh giggles into his sheer scooters, until he explained much later. It's one thing trying to come up with presenting something smart, but something else is doing it compelling with cover loop. Although it lays down under 90 minutes - I think it's a horror movie phenomenon that has this as an exit reference - it provides that almost two hours feel and slow it slowly to say what he wants. Things begin to pick up over the last 20 minutes, but it's a classic case too little too late. <br /> <br /> What saved the movie is how it changed sneak with its revelation at the end. Again, this is a common device used to try and elevate a very frightening movie of something a little extra in the hope of wowing a hearing. It turned out quite satisfactory, but left a bad taste as you will feel cheated somewhat. There are two ways a twist will make you feel - it either elevates the movie at a memorable level, or gives you the feeling of hokey. Sadly prohibited mermaids that were part of the latter. <br /> <br /> The saving saved will be its movies and its use of light, shade and mirrors, but I'll be explicit - it's still not worth the time, so better to avoid that.
