The best Laurel and Hardy shorts are fitted for rubbing and crashing, crashing and destruction, mainly caused by Stan, but with Ollie being undervalued (!) In the punishment - seeing the 'Box of Music' (1933) or 'Towed into a hole' (1932) as some classic examples. But here, however, for some reason (is it because it was based on a draw by Stan's father?) Boys play it 'right' in a 'comedy' built around jokes and supposedly funny words. He does not come. It's just another 30-quarters third-quarter comedy, intensified only by the personality of Stan and Ollie who never really shows any of their trademarked gestures (Ollie's finger, Stan blank stars, etc.) or funny abilities. /> The movie begins and runs out of the police. Since we never saw or know why, it's hard to believe or accept fear of being caught, and thus hiding in Colonel Buckshot's colony. The website for the 'humor', Ollie passes himself as the Colonel and Stan passed himself as both the butler's chef and the maid never engaged. They do not play 'Stan and Ollie' in this movie. The parties could be played by any of the pedestrian studio actors and it should be as poor. Stan was able to mimic and do whatever he would be funny, but he does not get the chance to do any of that here. It was constrained by talking too much of the dialogue 'dialogue', but none of it got much higher than the comic. We treat them endless chestnuts comedian rates as Gag's run by correctly pronouncing Lord Plumtree's name, "Call me a taxi! Well you're a taxi!" jokes, cops losing their clothes and being seen in John time, with a non-sequel end in Stan and Ollie as the two parts of a really costly horse costume as they escaped on a bicycle for two, and James Finlayson always doing his body silently-full era captured with Keystone Kop skipping jackets. Stan and Ollie do better in a comedy situation in the 'son of the wilderness' (1933) where we get to see what we do to love about them - to be themselves. In fact, 1932-34 seems to be the best years. <br /> Since this movie does not play in any of the forces, why bother with it? I must give it a 3.
