This is a fascinating movie - especially old movie film and historian (I am both). During the first half of the twentieth century, unfortunately, Black Americans were usually not allowed in the White Theater. As a result, theater catering in black audiences wanted to show film that reflects the Black experience and showing Black Actors. In many cases, these films were essentially the same as the draw-wise at Hollywood standard fare, but with a lot of budget, much lower - and typically typing output. You really can not blame the movie makers - they just did not have the money and resources available in the movie movie company. As a result, they were made due to a lot less - including an over-addictive actor actor who has seen again and again, there is no money for re-shooting scenes and a need to get these movies quickly! This movie tried very hard to be a black version of a Gene Autry film - starring Herb Jeffries instead. Jeffries was a light-skinned man from mixed heroes and she starred in several similar cowboy films. In each, she sings a little, fighting a little (though very badly) and loves a little - everything you need in a cowboy. Believe it or not, Jeffries is still alive at age 96. <br /> <br /> The overall plot was doubtful from an Autry photo - complete with anachronism items like phones from the West! The problem is that despite its similarity, the budget is low. Stymie (from the Rascals Li) has blocked a few lines, but they just left it in, the fighting scene was totally unchoreographed and they were among the worst ever put on film, there were some odd funny jokes , there was no background music (leaving the movie quietly quiet) and the act was very awful. Now this does not mean that the film is not worth seeing - only that it abouts with technical issues that prevent it from being scored higher. A review, weird, scored this movie a 10! How can this be and all the problems are beyond me. However, I can understand someone who loves the movie despite its many problems. The draw is generally very good, the characters are unmatched, the excellent music numbers and you know that the people made the movie tried so darn hard and it's a very important piece of American story. But a 10! By the way, somewhat odd in casting, very tall, lean and nearly white-skinned Jefferies is scary and short, challenging and exceptionally dark Mantan Moreland .... as his brother, !! Also, Spencer Williams can be familiar with you. She plays Andy on the Andy "Amos" TV.
