Although some fragments of this 4-part documentary have discussed the need for drug reform drug reform, these are not very well developed, in contrast to the many cuts from those who feel that the drugs that occur now Illegal is a Force for which the only imaginable solution is the imprisonment of even those who are guilty of only possession of these drugs. Although this program, as a whole, leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely a useless exercise and a waste of money, and for that he deserves some praise, almost nothing in this documentary addresses the very issues Real-world wars against people who simply own illegally-owned drugs are the cause and contributing of - the very real problem of the most vulnerable drug users would tell you, if asked, they think the drug warfare is designed to resolve. For example, for many minutes spent on the wave of violence associated with popularity and rising cocaine crack in the 80's, at any point making this program even hinted that the many laws designed to suppress cocaine crack make it impossible For drug dealers apply contracts and business arrangements in court in law, forcing them to resort to violence in business. But instead of seeing the laws as an important cause of the violence, the drugs themselves seem to take the brunt of the blame. Inexplicable, alcohol ban, the following violence, and the subsequent cancellation of prohibition are totally ignored by this program. <br /> <br /> This program will help perpetuate ridiculous stereotypes of drug users, and it is such that the main force of driving the war is very expensive and many drug issues. The ability to incorporate non-alcoholic drugs into a happy and successful life does not really touch on. Using any drug in excess is probably going to cause personal problems, but not all users make the drugs in excess, just like not all alcohol users are alcohol. <br /> <br /> If you want a point of view from someone who believes that the adults have a moral right they must not be prisoners and have lost their lives in the criminal justice system just for using With drugs that the government, especially very arbitrary political reasons, rather than reason based on sound political and legitimate science, has decided to totally banned, whose users have decided not-so-metaforeal wage war against, just forget about it . None of which is in here. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is hardly in the anti-drug propagation category. It is especially an interesting non-prescriptive history of drugs in the 20th century United States such as marijuana, elsewhere, heroin, cocaine, MDMA, and oxycontin. But there is an important element of the individual's point of view with regard to drug laws, and most (but not all) of not very thoughtful or well-informed and slant in favor of mentality of drugs, especially related to other drugs than marijuana. The criminal justice system, with its harsh harshest, is obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate response to every single social problem, but unfortunately there is an epidemic in this nation in such a disorder names whose main symptoms are a lack of imagination related to social policy when it comes to certain drugs, a lack of compassion for fellow humans, a prejudice against those who use non-governmental drugs, perhaps an interest in growth in the prison / policeman industry, and a familiar one with regard to human dignity. It's morally wrong to kidnap or persecute people unless you have a very good reason to do so, and the only possession of a randomly chosen group of drugs is clearly not such a reason. This is really the main problem when it comes to drugs, yet this program ignores it. So, in sum, these parts of this program are without precedents without eating stereotypes of drug users in the heart of mentality of drug warfare are very good and interesting and fun. But when it comes to introducing a non-radical rationing drug-related rationing, and giving examples to viewers not only in people with drug problems, but also many who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives very disappointing.
