For years Madonna tried to prove not only himself, but the public eye, that he can act. Unfortunately, trying too hard while failing to shed its own character by mixing properly. It looks like fare better when it's not the star of any movie: if you look at it in performing performance in desperation SEEKING SUSAN (1985) or a LEAGUE in their own (1992), it actually comes in looking good. Since the story turns on other actors, the weight of the waiter is taken in his shoulder by default. <br /> <br /> The problem begins when she was asked to be star in a movie, regardless of the genre. When focusing on a scheme that needs to be said in a visual way, whether it's good, mediocre or horrible, it has embedded in the analogous way of a real movie performance as opposed to a video performance. This is the difference between Madonna and, let's say, Bette Davis, or Meryl Streep. The latter two, though the film was failing (because the visual story lacked some of the effectiveness of having to relate to it, or because the script had dropped short, or because the actress was not just not at the moment), There is something extra in performance that would elevate the movie from being a complete bomb. Both Davis and Streep had to share: Bette, with a longer career than Streep, in fare such as BUNNY O'HARE (1971) and WICKED STEPMOTHER (1989); Streep in SHE-DEVIL (1989). But at least there was that naturalism in the way both attacked the roles that made us forget the banality of the movie and watch the performance. Madonna, on the other hand, was not a dedicated gifted actress in really leaving us in her ability to convey a character other than herself, far fare, and even in the hands of someone like Woody Allen in SHADOWS and fog (1992), a classic inferior, it's time to screen it looks stilted with a little bit, maybe even nervous, as if it was aware of the cameras and crews and just could not let go. <br /> So here he tries again once again to prove he can act in what is essentially a two-character movie. Guy Ritchie, more known for action movies filled in masculine energy, seems like writing a story closer to someone in love of Michaelangelo Antonioni or Ingmar Bergman, who can tell a story of two people with incredible facilities . And in 89 minutes, the events that take place happen so compelling that when the final half hour comes along and the story takes a dramatic turn, it does not feel sincere. From being an absolute witch with no sudden rhetoric value in love, this has to be most convincing 180 degrees turn since the Laura Fay Dunaway suddenly discovered her passion for Tommy Lee Jones in the eye of LAURA MARS (1978). Equally compelling is the embarrassing Adriano Giannini turned in the middle of the movie - it lacks any humor and feels genuine psychopaths - and when it gives in Madonna's love, it's too quick to believe. This film of slow music with a visual mount of lovemaking and beautiful scenery does not enhance or add to this "transformation" from what would have been a story of survival between characters unlike a love story where both discovered each other. /> <br /> Try to have an end to ending against the movie as well - it only makes it drag, bog it down, and when Madonna has to be filmed in hopes of devastation in a close-up tight, it feels it tries too hard. Many an actress did the best to transmit so much to do so little. Hers is a most effective performance acting style in the late 20s, early 30s where positively rewarding as a party or emotion. <br /> <br /> Have the movie been better? Of course. There are a myriad of ways they have filmed it in a way that would let the viewer feel that these people could at least expect to see each other again - it's done before, in OVERBOARD (1987), for example. It may have been an abundance of existence in which two distinct people have counted on each other, but not necessarily changing (to ensure a moral tone). Many dialogues and erotic scenes are necessary to be killed for a more "silent" look - as in PERSONA (1966). He might even have been something in a thriller, given that the Giannini character has a mean name as Billy Zane had the DEAD CALM (1989). Even if she would have been doing as a sex masker she would have worked best for Madonna as the top, the uber-control freak will get her comeuppance. But with humor it means stiffness, without at least a glimpse of his character that has a softer side that hides behind a mask of bitchdom, and without really defining Giannini's own character, this becomes another misfire try to look like a fight in their sex.
