I almost saw this in an actual movie theater (an art-house theater, no less!), But could not do it in the whole one he played, but yesterday I finally saw it on cable and ... well .. .I was not disappointed, that's for sure! Madonna did it again: YET another BOMB! When does this woman learn? When will they study the studios? (Or maybe they already have, since this movie has been widely disposed, with little moaning and mortal word-in-mouth.) One would expect to be headed by his talented husband, who created some interesting work and / or terribly entertaining, would carry out the same quality Madonna showed in "desperately looking for Susan"; Yes, it's just not meant to be, for here it is, at its worst: Fully convinced of its own greatness, the fugite permeating its frames, made all the unbearable by its incredible faux -British accent, an emphasis that only emphasizes the fact that voices speak it is immature in quality and is not especially pleasant. This can sound unnecessarily cruel, but LISTEN to the woman, and look at her movie, say, the last decade: as a last day Bette Davis, there is an unmistakable brittleness not only her carriage, but in her face 'and body, which here, despite the hot photography displayed throughout the film (perhaps only its grace save), does not make any favor. For her credit, the whole affair is so misbegotten that one wonder if the world's biggest actress on the best day she could do anything with this mess. No one involves escaping bloodshed: Bruce Greenwood actually looks pained to be on screen, though poor Jeanne Tripplehorn seems to bring himself as if it's actually a good thing, which has made me think throughout the time, "Refusal is not just a river in Egypt! "Adriano Giannini, son Giancarlo Giannini, star of the original Italian," sweat ... ", is, like his father before him, incredibly attractive, and not all badly set (although there is a Razzie nomination for "Worst Actress"), but, like almost anything else about this production, it all comes back to Madonna, on which shoulders rest the blame. Why it? Why not her husband, director Guy Ritchie? Just whom do you think was behind this renewal? What actress would not want almost every shot of a movie to be centered on, and only a member of the screen does not share the screen? Oh sure, Ritchie deserves some blame: surely it - or someone - ANYONE! - should have, and he may have, take his lead aside and insist on something on ACTUAL FEELING in reading his line (for his performance so wooden it's a surprise to the rest of the cast did not get glamor), or at least show a pretense of warmth ... but it looks resilient to be anything but a black cinema hole. Above and beyond anything else, this is strictly a worthwhile project for its star so it's finally responsible for it. A movie like this, an "odd couple", war in class, should be light and fun, and drive who can bounce with each other with witty, even romantic, dialogue, for what else can be a Drawing film involves disparate people trapped, really must be? Honestly, I do not think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they tried to; He succeeds as a comedy (I challenge you to laugh even once) or romance (Madonna's Princess Madonna's routine prevents any chemistry). It's not even bad enough for our bad-movie lovers to enjoy. A real shame ...
