Well where to start here? Straightheads presented me with a bit of a dilemma. There was this film from Italy, say, 1975, led by Ruggero Deodatto and starred David Hess, then I should lapping him faster than Labrador drinking water in a summer's day. Because Tarantino and Rodriguez also occupy elsewhere with homage to grindhouse movies, Dan Reed produced a scratch / grvene image of his own very own in England, and about to lose the budget as it would take Rodriguez to turn McGowan's leg legs in a machine gun. Because if you want to play Bingo Grindhouse, then let me call out the 'numbers': <br /> <br /> 1. Rich, high flying queen women meet a bit of rough from the wrong side of The samples are in an implausible way and, as implicitly, become vaccinated for him. Check. <br /> 2. Rash vaccine in high-flying quarry women in various states of stripping. Check. <br /> <br /> 3. Developing complement and extremely easy to trace development that sets character that exists only to what they do and which can not imagine they have any outside existence outside the scenes. Check. Scene graphic graphics without necessity by a gang of men with no recurring depth of personality or background other than rape. Check. <br /> 5. Smile and blood scene of murder and revenge round it all. Bingo! <br /> <br /> Plot, Straight is very basic thing: Dyer meets Anderson and invited him to a party in a pile of land owned by his boss. On the way home, they angered three locals from a landover that took revenge by giving Dyer a good shoeing and gang raping Anderson. The couple then put on getting their revenge. So far, so "dog straw", "late night train", "house on the edge of the park", "i spit on your tone" etc. etc. So why did not I think so much of film that? A number of reasons: I suppose, first of all, the likes of Gillian Anderson at the fine facie have led me to expect better, but it's the complete lack of honesty here over the past. sitting beside her look at her Hess and Ilk terrorist women and killing the menfolk into pieces these periods from the 70's, then they still know exactly what they are getting - to budget schemes that are just the shock and appeal the lower common denominator. Baddies are terrorizing and killing their tastes, goodies are turning their tables on the villains and killing them back, and everyone goes home to meet, their desire to see a bit of nasty violence low and safe in the knowledge that order in the world has been restored. As creator and director however, Dan Reed clearly believes Straightheads has far more say about the state of human psyche than that, and desperately trying to immerse his film with a philosophical depth that is simply not there. For example, when Anderson and Dyer are planning to avenge the attackers, they learn that one of the violent has a fourteen-year-old daughter who is an object of lust for the two men he hangs around. When Anderson finally met him face to face, he confessed that he only raped her as a distraction so that her two mates would take their attention away from her daughter !!! The casual and bold way that Reed drops this revelation to the plot is simply jaw-dropping, it's almost as if it hopes this simple reference to pedophiles should be enough to cast the moral compass of the overdrive and let them leave the movie thinking of you just sit in something of meaning. To ensure that we 'get it', at this point we are showing a run of the rape sequel for the second time, officially in view of the attacker and his concern for his daughter, but Reed ensures that we get many more Vaccines in Anderson are rough and rape on all the rides of his car. Gratuitous does not come into it. After saying his purpose for raping her, Anderson ties her to a table, male end at the end of a sniper rifle (complete with cumbersome silence, just in case anyone is not clear on the phallic image) up her jacksie 'but it lacks the courage to pull the trigger, says Dyer (with no moral evil) that' he's over '. Dyer discusses otherwise with moral dilemmas presented as something that Wittgenstein and Russell may have discussed in the rooms back in Cambridge on tea and cake. It is almost unwatchable in its ludicrousness. <br /> <br /> In justice, Ms Anderson acts his bowel from the movie. Obviously she wants to leave Scully far behind and, blessed, she certainly does; One miracle that Mulder would have made to its former partner squatting down to take a sink to the side of the road and then sodomizing a man with a gun? Dyer, on the other hand, does what he did in virtually every movie he did on date - that is, playing a gor blimey GUV cock type chappie with a roguish grin, a cheeky line of patter and a stronger figure people would never get tired of punching. This is particularly true at the scene closed where, after killing his striker in cold blood, Dyer gazes in the camera, what I am sure to mean, a look at our existential anxiety that invites us to sympathize in but the fate has made him and the moral abundance he had to overcome, but instead is far more reminiscent of Oliver Hardy looking exasperatedly in the camera after Stan landed him in yet another fine chaos. Quite often, summarize this movie quite nicely.
