I rent this movie night at other because my girlfriend or I've ever seen it, even though we've heard of a mutual friend how "great she was". <br /> Now I am very conservative in my opinion, but I knew going to it would be very liberal to giving it to her. I figured before the movie began Michael Douglas would play a popular liberal compassion by the masses, and would have been a conservative stodgy opponent as his antagonist. But I thought that where the political declaration would begin and end. <br /> OK, the plot was solid: only president falls for a lobbyist. OK, this has potential I thought to be very fun, since the draw was unique. But then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial. The film became more in control of weapons and environmental issues than it did on the relationship between President and Sydney (Annette Bening). There were several ridiculous premises in this movie: 1) The play Sydney plays this six lobbyist figure which is a "closer". Could it be more thief? He was constantly disorganized and looked into awe of everything. Hardly a "closer". I'm a salesman, and he could not "close" sell a glass of water to a man dying in thirst. <br /> 2) Second, is there anything more ridiculous than Richard Dreyfuss playing a right wing fan? This is the most liberal man in Hollywood and he plays some straight-wing ideologues. Give me a break. I love how he took his conservative character and made him as disaster as possible. <br /> 3) The speech at the end was simply funny. The line on "I'm a proud card bearer to the ACLU" was a joke. First, no president would ever admit something like that, being an active member of an ultra marginal group. Secondly, why even bring something like that up. You just marginalized about half the movie to attend moderate or conservative hearings. <br /> I think the plot was big and unique. I thought Michael Douglas was a good choice as president. But the film came from being a "film" in a left-wing political statement, which is why the movie fails. <br /> It's a shame to see a great plot ruined by Hollywood has strengthened political views on the audience
