* WARNING * There are many SPOILERS! <br /> Let me start by saying I have a great respect for Gillian Anderson's incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress - that is why I can not understand his reasons for agreeing to make this movie once he saw the script (or lack thereof). <br /> <br /> The situation in the movie was, in my opinion, a great idea and there were some really thought-provoking terms but it ended up as a fall. It shows why I hate 99% of British movies. It feels too long, it's tiring, for the most part, and not much happens after the first twenty minutes. Just when you think there's a chance to pick up some speeds like Paula Radcliffe running a marathon. With little imaginative guidelines and a minimalist draw, there is not much to hold the audience in nodding of the popcorn. As for the script I can only suppress that the writer was trying to save a few trees, and the average reading scene on the lines of "Alice: F *** OFF!" (Adam Stares Adam Run in Woods) (Alice follow) Alice: ADAM! ADAM! "I suspect that, for words, the actors probably paid more than Kate Moss did for his mobile lawyer. What some lines had there was not a lot of variations and a common use of the word that would make Bridget Jones's friends, Shazza, proud. There are little establishments of the main characters before the main muddy event that leaves the audience lacking much empathy for the characters beyond an automated 'Oh that's terrible' reaction. <br /> <br /> Alice is not the kind of women court likes. It has a great job, an expensive London apartment and roof space to die for yet it comes across on the screen as tight, bitter and satisfied before his life takes a turn for the worst. After the attack a few layers are shaved back into the explanation why it is this way to begin with; he grew up with a hard-as-old-boot soldier who thought he was teaching how to shoot his gun was the ultimate expression of love, instead of following his footsteps and ran to The big city in search of something to make it feel like life is worth living. Instead he found a group of stereotypes middle-class Toffs who looked down on anyone who is not rich enough to drive a Lexus and Lux ​​that comes with an integrated security / entertainment system (ie Mrs Robinson in a wanna-be Cockney wide-boy electrician) Someone passed me a tissue. A grace saved by this character is that it is played by Gillian Anderson. In the hands of a younger actress he would have been intolerable only one dimension, but Ms Anderson actually managed to inject a few flowing moments to mankind in this otherwise deadly human being, most notably when he seized exquisite for his road rage a prosperous attempt to stop his attackers from continuing their attacks. <br /> I can not say that Adam packs better either. Danny Dyer has played it well as Jack a boy-fish-out-of-water boy but a good performance could not save him from both the lack of a script and the total absence of any character background. <br /> This movie was mostly counted on the shock but the timing was cut and it felt far too engineered from the beginning to end. As for the shock, the most shocking thing about this film is the unashamed manifestation of how undone Anderson Anderson has become; It was almost as disturbing to be seen as a brutal attack scene. On a side note, only in a British movie would be a gang of violent gender attackers taking the time to offer every other contraception before continuing to applaud their over-talking talk about stiff-upper-lip taken from the extreme! If this is the kind of movie that the National Lottery will provide to make money then I'm not surprised that less and less people are choosing to spend the weekly books. <br /> It says that I hate this film giving it too much credit, I did not care enough about any of the characters that guarantee a strong emotion. I want that one-and-a-little hour in my life back, please!
