Evelyn in the night came out of the damage (Emilio Miraglia - Italy 1971). <br /> I only watch this delicacy piece of Euro-tosh in the Alfa Video's unmistakable DVD-like way (looks like a very bad video-transfer), but in what I saw, not nearly interesting enough to buy no no last-released DVD release. Considering excellent records, it will undoubtedly have a great improvement on all previous releases. And do not pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here, it was not taken in this movie (some girls hold the head of a look-a-like Jim Carrey). Spaghetti Western Star Anthony Steffen sports a hip hairstyle and assumes the role of Lord Alan Cunningham, a man haunted by the memory of his wife Evelyn. This led to a nervous breakdown that he had kept in a psychiatric clinic. Once released, Cunningham channel this shock does not take prostate redheaded his country castle, suggests they are vicious acts of torture. Her doctor and friend, Richard Timberlane (what do you mean, Italian territory sounds "made up?"), Advising her past and remarried but Cunningham is obsessed with Evelyn and even organized a séance of the castle. Eventually, after killing some more girls, she met Gladys, another wheelchair, and got married almost instantly, but the arrival of her new wife spawns a series of disaster events. The bloodthirsty creatures hit Sir Alan's family, killing them one by one. Become aggressive, Cunningham visits Evelyn's grave and finds it empty. Soon, a number of "aliens" begin to suspect something of peace that will be over in the castle and Lord Cunningham's treatment might not have been successful after all. <br /> <br /> Director Emilio Miraglia tries to mix Gothic horror and Giallo conventions with limited success. As usual, the slightest effort has been to convince audience is the film set in England. The cars drive on the right side of the road, all resembling Mediterranean and the castle (and the rest of the architecture) is Italian patent. This is common practice in Italian horror, but sometimes they just take this a little too far. The bad print made this even slightly bundled, since it's dark, you could not see much of the settings anyway. But then again, this is the kind of movie where anything can happen in exploitation and describing reality is not really the problem. A great part consists of sado-masochistic turtle scene of the turtle chamber room, but most of the time, Anthony Steffen Hams makes his way to this and shows some terrible on-act. I guess it all depends on your state of mind and this can be a fun piece of nonsense if you're in the right mood. I just could not take it, at least not with the print I looked. A nice note though by Bruno Nicolai that combines easy-to-listen tunes and some psychedelic stones. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 4/10
