I wonder why I did not like Peggy Sue Got more than I did, when she first came out in 1986, with all the hype. Somehow I found Nic Cage's character off-set. Way off-set. Then the plot did not seem to make sense. Then, at the end of the credit, the question came to mind: What was the movie doing? What did he say? The answer, unfortunately, was not much, if anything. I really do not think this film is aimed at making a statement; unless it was "your life is your life, you will be making the same mistakes no matter what, so keep your eyes on the donut, and not the hole." Not a very profound statement, and I'm sorry, do not make it into the movie. The writing is simply not that good. The direction is uneven, and it is strange to stroke at times. Kathleen Turner was the best, and in my opinion, only the refreshing thing of this movie, and doing something in a miracle creates a whole character despite scarcely, unreasonable circumstances, and a script that had no apparent statement made . <br /> It also finally cleared up the mystery for me in the main reason I did not enjoy this movie much more. He stated in his autobiography that Cage made a point in fighting the direction of his uncle Coppola every step of the way, making it "his own way" (not a good idea for a new actor), and putting on a jumping voice call "stupid". His voice was annoying, abrasive and unnatural, and his character was reckless and overbearing as a young guy. I understand what he tried to do: play a young-guy "hot shot" that is not as hot as he thinks it is, setting up his own caret for future failure. But he goes further, the way he does it abrasive, not effective, and if he listened to his uncle instead of "Man's Battle", we would have a more enjoyable movie. Cage slips a little with his reckless voice style in the movie and occasionally sounds like a real person, and these scenes have more look than others. But if I had to watch the movie in its entirety, I would find myself willing to pay someone to L.A. pour a bucket of water over her head while some of the more off-stage performers (set-on). The film does not aim for a statement, does not make a point, it's a great look at when cages make an impression of Elvis depression (but without the voice), and is, finally, confusing with a waste of time. Given all this, Kathleen Turner surely deserves an Oscar in this chaotic flailing of a movie. I can not recommend anyone to spend two hours watching this, unless you like Turner and you have a remote to get out of the scene. Believe me, you'll miss nothing creepy by skipping the other scenes, and it will do just as much sense. Kathleen Turner is getting a lot of criticisms about criticisms regarding his comments, which proves he's strong enough to be honest, and in hell with other comments. You go, Turner! I'm not particularly a fan of this actress that's more than I am to any other first-rate actress or actress, but it's candor is refreshing. The acting cage can be good to harass, and here it does not work. At least, in this movie, we now know why.
