Alan (Anthony Steffen), a Millionaire millionaire and some loose vice (thanks to his first wife's infidelity and untimely death), sexy enthusiasts, red-headed women in his castle, offer them lots of cash stay the weekend. Once returned to his ancestor's pile, he gets to the nectar, the staves and a bull-rod, and then kill them. But when she meets Gladys Blonde Huge (Marina Malfatti) and falls for her enough charm, she decides to give up her assassination style and get married. Housewife Bliss is short live, however, thanks to Alan's mental state, which becomes increasingly vulnerable when Evelyn dies, his wife starts to appear outside his window and an avalanche of gruesome obstruction reaches the castle's yard. /> So let's recap: a groove 70s Euro-terror and loads of delicious women in various states of strip; Spooky Gothic Retreats and Misty Moisture; A sad sadic pedicure with a trendy droplet-dyed gorgeous shawl and cracked trunk; many vicious killers (including a great tidbit where a victim has himself bashed in with a stone and enters it into foxes). Normally, a checklist like this would guarantee me a good time ?? So why do I find 'Evelyn at night came out of his grave' so dull? Well, for starters, the scheme is way too complicated: there are red erasers, crazy development draws, and abundant suspicions, and it all gets a bit too much. By the ridiculous end to which we discover that, altogether, several people have drawn to their hunger pots on Alan's treasure, and that our red-headed nourish-work is actually supposed to be hero of the movie? ? My head was overwhelmed by care! Second, Emilio Maraglia's direction is very torpidious. Stylish, yes; But as slow as molas of liver. <br /> Then there's the bits that are just too damn funny, possibly even for a giallo: the death does not bite poison snakes (surely one of the most rare options of weapons ever); Alan Agatha anniversary, an old relative crippled by a beautiful young woman; The hiring of a group identically correctly led blonde as maid; Poor attempts to convince the audience that the film put in England (mentioned 'books' and hiring a police uniform for one of the extras is not enough); and then of course, there is inequality to find a bag of sulfuric acid laying next to a pool ... <br /> <br /> 'The Night Evelyn came from his grave' is not a total waste in time (how can it be, with meat so much girl on show?), but there is the best jake out there. Watch this one if you're a fan of the genre and you've already seen the best ... but do not expect too much.
