Lord Alan Cunningham (Antonio De Teffè) is a Nutjob {seen early in trying to escape a crazy asylum}, with this slowly succinct ruin castle ruin, likes to kill various hookers similar to Evelyn, his deceased wife, betray him for another man, and these red locks. This corpse is rich with its underlying status can be very catchy. She, however, is overrun by her mania and her late wife's memory (especially her adultery .. she saw it naked and the lover). While Evelyn's memory is almost devastating his entire existence, Alan tries his best to find true love and beliefs with Gladys (Marina Malfatti, which spends most of the nude film .. this probably attributes her since she is not a very good actress), who agrees to marry her after a very short cut that should probably throw up flag right away {there is a key moment in dialogue where she knows exactly the amount that much she is worth }. /> Alan's real German man can be confident in his doctor at the hospital, Dr. Richard Timberlane (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart). There are other key characters in this movie that turn around Alan. Alan's cousin, George (Rod Murdock), seems to be quite a good friend who often provides him with the victim .. I mean date, while keeping on hoping to get in his owner's estate a day. Albert (Roberto Maldera), Evelyn's brother, is a witness to killing Alan, and instead of turning him to the police, weigh him for cash. Aunt Agatha (Joan C Davis), wheelchair, live in the castle yard and often see snooping around behind split doors. We later find that she has a love affair with Albert. <br /> <br /> All that described above the rest of the story shows what appears to be ghost of Evelyn haunted haunting, someone is killed by members of the family cast that revolves around Alan, and The body of Evelyn is indeed missing .. The ultimate question is who committed the crimes after Alan and Gladys married, where is Evelyn's body, and Alan going to the edge? I have to be honest and say I just did not really care much for this movie. It's seriously unmatched and the rhythm is all over the place. It looks great on the new DVD and the "rising from sequel to grave" is cool, but what really hurt me the movie in my head is that the whole cast is unbelievable. You really have a hard time caring for Alan because it is a psychotic who skirts thin skin in considering keeping his sanity. It can be quite volatile. Who commits the crime really is not great a surprise for after several key characters are murdered off, there is but a few choices that can do it. What happened to Alan does not really make the throat throat because you can make the argument he just gets what he deserves. Those behind the whole scheme of the movie in regard to Alan, as I point out, are not shocking because if you are just a little aware of certain circumstances (or their advantages would have) that would benefit them and falling into the sanity Alan, then everything just comes to less than stellar. I thought that the correction was sharpened and unexciting, but the act of the entire cast is really below the bar. There are some stylistic help and have a smack in the gothic atmosphere of these gracious sections to help her some.
