This film is just another deformation, among many deformations, about the so-called 'sins of consumption'. Please note that 'Reveran Billy', an actor (Bill Talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the 'sins of consumption'. We may want to ask them questions, such as: What does 'Billy Reverend' do for a living? How does he earn it? Does he do live in the organization's "tax deductible"? How does the Internal Revenue justify this as a church-tax deduction or organization? Everyone knows that Christmas is commercialized, but it allows a day out of a whole year in which people have an opportunity to be charitable, and allow a significant amount of time to spend time with their family, friends, or extended family. Everyone is not charitable. Everyone does not spend time with their family, friends, or extended family. But holiday and time to vacation to those who are lucky and opportunity. Yes, America has more than its share of problems - but with perseverance, Americans have and always do it in great difficulty. And, even in times of conflict, America has proven itself to be the greatest country in the world. This happens when Americans pull together and unite, rather than divide and divide. Yes, there are problems with corporations and monopoly, but it will take Americans to bring back small businesses, along with the ethics of caregivers for individuals living in our individual communities. Yes, globalization has brought us into trouble, but it will take Americans to bring back production to America. Americans and US governments need to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how big or small, and we must stop our dependence on credit. Our dependence on credit will do, and keep us poor, from the birthplace of the grave. It is important to buy - but if you buy less, we will count less on credit. And, if we can save, even a small amount, we will have money for a rainy day. Do not say that, as Americans, we will find an equal share of wealth. Wealth is not guaranteed, and it is never guaranteed. But stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of Americans hold most of America's wealth. There is a good proximity that you or I can reach the upper level, middle class. And, who knows what can happen from there? Be positive, hard work - and, at least at least, you and I will be able to reach at least some (if not all) in our dreams. In life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have that something to reach for. And, if you or I have no dream, we might as well be dead. In America, there is still room for many hopes and dreams. As a human, we are part of the pack, but we can always become the leader of the pack. <br /> It has always been my experience that churches and religions offer nothing more than additional distortions, but I pay dignity and respect for people who have beliefs, values, and perspectives. But as far as the deformations are expressed, in this film, I have no faith in the beliefs, values, and perspectives. I ran this movie with a 1 out of 10 - but, in all honesty and truth, this movie deserved a zero. This film has no integrity, and I can not recommend it.
