What happened? Those first words come to mind after this horrible movie ends for the first and last time on my computer screen. Nightmare on Elm St has been noticeably down after its kil-classical film in a first movie, but I doubt anybody expects this awful aberration. Nobody expects this cosmic joke in a movie, and nobody more than I'm over. <br /> <br /> This is by far the worst movie ANOES in the lot. It does not seem too bad at the beginning, and a really greepy intro with a long shower show instead featuring Alice. But then we hit rock bottom right at the beginning and wrong acting with a rush of events in the events. I mean, sure, Freddy Cinema is supposed to dream and climb, but this one is like a train-wreck in its poor sequence of events and terrible scheme scheme. It feels like you're coming down with a terrible headache, not like you're getting scared. So the LED totally failed. None of the suspension and properly fabricated horror from the previous sequence found here, and even the death scenes are mostly just crabs and morons (the death does not eat specifically), except for that one cool scene that is fabricated as a book battle funny. That's why this movie gets a point. <br /> <br /> The scenario ... lame, lame, lame, lame. It was an excuse to get out and get the MPAA angry, and nothing else. Acting ... I should mention how Freddy has become a boogey-man-like baby figure? How does his scene scene make him look like a monster from a 7 year old horror book instead of the dreamer killer dreamer and nightmare dream we've all been known and loathed since the first movie? That arm aroused and stupid chuckling as it appeared again ... ugh. And a material, too. Throughout the movie, they suck. Move badly. A school-class could come up with funnier things then the Freddy's vomit spews over 90 minutes in the movie. Hell, a chimpanzee can come up with many funnier lines than Freddy was told to say here. Who writes the script for this? This movie is really disappointing, too. It seems so frustrating. Such a gnat buz around yourself, a gnat just will not go away. Freddy is just an annoyance now. We've seen it many times before. This is nothing different, and a lot of the time you just want him to take a terrible-his own, and get on your TV screen. Alice, instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie, looks annoying and very deep, and this is obviously due to the horrific, scary script that this movie has been fitted with. Lisa Wilcox can be a great actor, and sometimes it shines through the cracks here, but she can not save this movie. The other actors just suck, especially. The last 15 or 20 minutes of Freddy's existence in this film is horrible and nasty. I hope Englund was disappointed. Who wants to see Freddy running around like a mutant gorilla and his branches stretched out, laughing like a bad guy? This movie destroyed anything positive I felt for the nightmare series. I can never see them again without this image running in my head; The abomination of the missing cartoon was that Krueger came. It has slowly become a joker, delaying pop culture icon, but this is the lowest in the bar. This is under rock. No one has ever taken Freddy Krueger seriously after seeing this movie. It is nothing but a joke, a clown that is long overdue retired. Pathetic. <br /> Of all the films I could hate, why was it to be nightmare on Elm St, a series that I once worshiped and dear? Children of dreams represent the death of a legend, and break into any hope I had in the nightmare on Elm St series. Freddy would go on to continue his spiral under the state of the slot next to the installment, Freddy's death (which was more fun than this was, actually), and then he would go on bringing down the mood of Freddy VS Jason , and finally it might be putter out of nothing, which is for the better. <br /> I know this was mostly a annuity about why Freddy sucks now, but this movie is in general, terrible, and one of the worst movies ever made. Do not recommend anyone, and even ANSES completionists will not want to see this one again.
