This is crap .... completely. I can not believe any company might even find people working on a movie like this. Full Moon has a number of horrible films, but this has to be the worst. First, the scheme does not exist. It's odd. It's like, they took an idea for the story, and the quality never really got around to develop it. They seemed to have just wasted a lot of time filming out shots while the two "heroes" drove around in the desert, and Bradbury talkshare talks for about 10 minutes. There were two scenes in the movie (when Dez and Dazzy are driving, and when Dez and Bradbury are driving) where it just went on and over and over ... it was almost like 2 music videos in the place where There must be some dialogue or action. They just drove for about 5 minutes, and there is nothing but music and shots in the surrounding landscape. <br /> Next, we come to the act, which is simply awful. The first, the girl who plays Dazzy is just an animal. It's so scary looking, I wanted to look away when it was on screen! Terrible casting. Then you have the guy who played Dec, who could not act if his life depends on him. It's "crying" is actually funny, and its antique crazy funnier. The guy who plays the office clerk in the hotel is just as bad, as is the guy who plays Bradbury. There was no act that deserves any recognition of this film as well. <br /> <br /> The effects of makeup ... hmmm, can anyone say pathetic? Their "effects" were so fake, they were mockingly. The crazy little crazy looking katepillar stuff trampled on someone, cut off, and when they came back, the guy has a completely fake wound to wound. Nice. Did they run out of money on the budget makeup or what? I must say the drug chick who is in one girl's apartment ... beautiful makeup there too. I think they were going to look for a drug, and I think he was supposed to have a black guy, but he looked more like cheap zombie makeup for Halloween. This movie is just awful from the start. The story is stupid and very, very first, the direction seems to have been born by a 10 year old, the act is below the bar, and so on. LIVE in this movie at all costs. It is only 70 minutes long in the first place, with atleast 20 minutes of being taken up by either music and no dialogue or character sits around in the hotel. Do not waste your time on this trash.
