SPOILERS: I'm always surprised at how many people gave this game good reviews. It was terrible. The script and voice act by itself ruin it. Gabriel and Grace are the most unlike characters in the game. You almost pray for their deaths. And worst of all, there are fewer vampires in this game than there was werewolves in the animal. The lack of real vampires was incredibly disappointing. If you are looking for some kind of Anne Vampire history story, forget it. History of this game has very little to do with vampires. You will not even see any until the very end and even then you will not get to fight them. The story has radical, and pretty much wrong speaking, the opinion of Christianity. I'm surprised he got in the drawing board. I am not Christian and I found it offensive. Mostly, the center centers around a search for the Holy Grail and buried treasure. The kidnapping of a royal baby, which should be concentrated, really gets pushed sideways. There is no sense of urgency for Gabriel to get the baby. In fact, she almost never asked anyone about the baby after the first few blocks. <br /> <br /> Graphics are very nice. Characters move on to a snail's speed on the best of the systems. They are whimsical and obsolete. And it's hard to go to the FMV in the animal In this terrible game engine of the Sacred. The relationship between Gabriel and Grace takes a terrible turn, too. I really do not know why it was so horribly running, but to sleep together. And it's not fun. Gabriel spends most of the game telling his best friend Mosely how he thinks of Grace as more of a sister and does not think he's the one for him. And he looks really grossed that they die together. But it's so unlike all the game, that you almost do not even care at that point. His dialogue was the worst in the game. And she's still stupid innuendos sexual in anything girl's entire game. At the end of the game, Grace leaves it with what appears to be a Dear John letter. I guess it was like eating with him as most of the players were. <br /> I found the story to be annoying and boring. I was hoping to play a story in a royal baby who was kidnapped by vampires. And I was hoping to get to see and fight vampires, maybe even having Gabriel or Grace turned into one. But no. Instead, the story focuses on the vision of the author of Christianity. What a shame. Here they had the elements for a great adventure, and instead we got this. <br /> For me, only the exciting parts of the game were actually at the very end. We find a few action style patience at the end. But it was not worth suffering in the entire game to get to them. <br /> I can not really recommend this game. I've got it back when it came out, years ago, and I hated the great toy engine that I spit it for years. I only recently collected him to see what I would miss. And now, I'm very sorry that I did. My favorite characters were also lost. I hope there will be a fourth game just wanting to buy the series. And I hope to get it right next time. It would be a terrible shame at the end of the series with this slice.
