Modestly fragmented, but infuriatelyly half-realized character-study, a test of the different personalities of college colleges: a talented but energetic basketball player, with a smoker-tailor, rabble-rouser facial. We never learned why these are friends. They can share confusion over the world and place them in it, but they do not seem to have anything else in common. Making his debut, Jack Nicholson - who also co-writes the scenario with Jeremy Larner, based on the book Larner - does not introduce us to the characters with any clear, nor does the scene form help us identify with anyone screen. Some very decent performance here (particularly in Newcomer William Tepper's central role), but most of the photo is unformed (perhaps intentionally), excuses or wipers. Bruce Dern plays the tough basketball coach, Karen Black older, Tepper's wife has a deal with, and Michael Margotta is Tepper's friend friend (in a set-up, on-the-top performance). Nicholson fails to set up the sequences with any particular taste, preferring (I suppose) to let the character interaction dominate film in the tone; His script does not have any help either, and as a result it is clear to whom we are supposed to be sympathized with them. Small, random moments of work (a battle between Tepper and Black, Dern visits Tepper in her dormitory room, all of the scenes put on the court), however all the third act in the picture is a excruciating mess. Hoping to juxtapose an all-important b-ball game with a sexual assault, Nicholson shows no style in his craft (nor does he earn points for chutzpah, as his internships at these events are squashy and ugly). When a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actor, one has to question his motive in doing so. Perhaps if "driving," he said, "finally made some sort of powerful statement in the bargain, the audience could forgive the movie and fall into judgment and taste. Unfortunately, the nearest perplexing is like dumbfounding as much of the rest of the movie. * 1/2 from ****
