"The Sacred Heart, Without The Dane" is the third installment of the games of Gabriel Knight, a series of adventure games on the roguish / paranormal writer, Gabriel Knight. Gabriel and his companion, Grace, were asked by Prince James in Albany to investigate a series of mysterious attacks by so-called "night visitors." When the child of Prince James is kidnapped, Gabriel pursues the night visitors Rennes le Ch창teau, where he begins piecing along a mystery related to the Holy Grail. Despite the marketing, this game is not about vampires. Vampires have a sign of appearance in the game, but never ordered the center stage, just as the voodoo hounfor's "sin of the Fathers" or the werewolves of the "beast." Gabriel and Grace do not try to uncover the true nature of vampires, or search for vampires. Although the vampires murder three people during the course of the game, the victims are selected at random and have nothing to do with the main scheme. <br /> A great part of the charm of the first two Gabriel Gabriel installments was in the relationships that Gabriel formed with the bandits. Through these relationships, the player could not help but sympathize with the wicked, and thus the villain was transformed into more of a person and less of a monster. However, in the "without sacred," Gabriel's only interaction with the wicked is in one cheesy interview, which makes nothing to put the bad guy into the player. <br /> <br /> The roles that Gabriel and Grace play in this mystery are fairly useless. Gabriel spent his time snooping in the identities of members of a group treasure-hunter tour staying in his hotel but that it covered the amount of nothing more than a red herring. Grace spent his time researching the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau, but all his research was rendered unsuitable by the presence of a perpetuating ally who had known the answer to this mystery for centuries. <br /> <br /> This action embarrassed allies and polar opposites --- vampire leaders --- are insuportable. Ally's left hints about the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau at age ages and expected Grace (and not the other treasure hunter from the tour group) to find them. However, it was able to reveal the mystery of Grace in its entirety on day 1, instead of putting the child kidnapped at risk for another 48 hours. And in the end, it simply tells Grace the mystery of its entirety anyway. Meanwhile, the vampire leader failed to achieve the goals of the century to complain, because he chose to avoid action for two days after kidnapping the child. The only reason given for his decision to delay action is that he wants to taste his victory. <br /> <br /> The game would be best if it was purely focused on the Holy Grail. Kidnapping and vampires should be omitted, replaced with a race against the Vatican to uncover the mystery of Rennes le Ch창teau. Since Gabriel is described more than once as Catholic reluctance, this conflict would have many opportunities for character development. <br /> <br /> All in all, the game was a disappointing installation of the series, despite an improved interface and return to Tim Curry as the voice of Gabriel Knight.
