The tragedy is that this rubbish piece was part of my curriculum while I was studying movies. So imagine how I was forced to look at her in complete. Believe me going to hell is much easier. Our teacher told us that this is some movie ???, but he never thought we would agree or assume the appetite. I do not think that there is a god on earth, we are only people, so all the filmmakers, that's why they can make mistakes, bad movies .. Or very bad too. The main problem was not that art, by all means, is sensitive to endless points of view, but that a lot of people just do not get it, that every single person got his own genuine taste, his own opinion, Hence I suppose it's the greatest movie ever to do, can also be your worst one ever, and how this is right both ways, but how many people can understand this correctly? So, my teacher believed in this movie, and I simply did not. However, the only way to evaluate this "thing" is by measuring it by its original intention to show us different types of popular old stories or whatever they catch on this social, imagination, and nature mentality. To tell you the damn truth Mr. Pier Paolo Pasolini as the scriptwriter and the director made it too unbearable to look in the first place. The movie is so ugly. I can not stand this, so how to analyze it, then discover the potential beauty of it !! It is beyond your self-esteem, and strangely not for the movie's sake or anything, it's for the sake of the unstable vision of Pasolini. Her job is so primitive to underdevelopment boundaries. The deadly cinematic technique, the effective sense of silliness, and the incredible origami made everything obnoxious. Looking at acting, the unfruitful cinema, the awfully poor devices, .. MY GOD my heart was already full. It can terminate your violent objectivity as it is watching this movie is one true pain like taking the teeth in the wisdom of a blind doctor. There are serious nightmares that might have been more merciful than that. So, originally, how to proceed fair to review it fairly? Actually, you do not. As this movie many do not treat you just at all. There are really memorable scenes in here where some boys are peeing in the eye of the camera (!) I'm trying to connect some things like that to the end of the Pasolini as murder.
