Pier Paolo Pasolini, or Pee-pee-pee as I prefer to call her (due to her love of genital show), is perhaps the most fraudulent European Marxist director - and they are thick on the ground. How can anyone see "art" in this room, cheap sex-weak concussion is beyond me. Some of the "stories" here could be reached straight from a soft-core pornographic film, and I am not so much referring to the but simplistic and banal stripping, often the freeware stories. Anyone who liked this unusual relatively watchful, but the mute would really shed his teeth in the "Der Schulmaedchenreport" German-German porn series 70s, because that's what "Decameron" looks like me. Movie is sloppy on almost all levels, from start to finish: <br /> <br /> 1. Correct. An example: within 1 hour: 15 minutes: 45 seconds there is a chasing scene that puts clearly in the wrong place. It was supposed to take about a minute later, but I guess that Pasolini had to hire editor-ups that have little time for the "fine details" of film-making. The pee-pee pee fans are likely to counter this when it says that he has intentionally been - I'm very skeptical. Moreover, even if that was true, that might be even worse, because that story really does not make it harder to follow. (This is not exactly "Eraserhead" or one of Tarantino's broken-formula film ...) <br /> <br /> 2. Acting. Vey sloppy. The three Pee fans (all 8 of them) proudly declare how 3P-O uses "real people instead of actors". (Do not people actors? Or are they martens? Sure, many actors have sub-par IQs, but that means we should treat them with contempt ...?) Other directors have used enthusiasts and succeeding (like Alan Parker or De Niro), so why PUP enthusiasts are so awfully awful in his movies? The answer is once again terribly sloppiness. Pasolini is sloppy in everything, and including trying to get as much from her ammonitor as he can. She is a lazy director, an Imperfectionist if you like. Anti-Cubrick, I suppose ... The pee pee pee Pee Pee Pee Pee Peer when he was filed must find as many people as possible (as the young man in his tastes). In the world of Pasolini there is a simple formula: lack of teeth + weird face = realism. It's all good and fine to have them safe, but at least try to make out some of the semi-decent performance from those neo-thespians inexperienced, otherwise you're an amateur yourself - an amateur director, in the case of the Pasolini. If 3P-0 could not be this feat or simply did not care by changing anything. (Who knows ... maybe he did not even notice the terrible action?) <br /> 3. Audio. S synchronization la. If 3P-0 felt that the microphones are too much of a film film hassle, then it must have at least made a concerted effort in post-production, meaning to get all those boom actors to tell lines on the cue of the studio, so that our viewers should not look lips moving while elusive floating dialogue elsewhere in the movie. Lack of Concept. We have close to a dozen stories that are not connected in any way. Some are anti-churches (more so later), while some are just guaranteed sex is not good men (sometimes gay) imagination designed to titilate and nothing else. The stories and characters are not fun (if at all) on an intelligent level, but on the bass level. 10-year-old kids can laugh here ... And there is nothing wrong with that, but then do not call it up, intellectual art! <br /> <br /> 5. As a result of point 4, there is also a lack of logic in the order of the stories. It goes without saying. Pee-pee pee was able to fix the order in any other way, and we would have been the exact same film. This also means that you can feel free to start from the middle then back to the beginning, etc. "Decameron" is like a spaghetti bowl this way: when you start eating it you can start with any thread you want , it makes no difference at all. <br /> 6. Unusuality in the stories' resolution. Most stories end up with a cheap gag / joke, so some punchline dumb shuffles straight from a comic book-book, whereas some stories do not even have a conclusion: they just finished. Finito. At best, stories are remarkable semi-anecdotes, barely any meaning of the deeper - unless you find "deep" meaning of pornography. There is, of course, nothing easier than looking for and finding "meaning" where there is an absence. Hence even any hardcore porn movie can philosophy / mused on endlessly. It's easy and fun. Try it, oh our 8 PPP fans! As for the Church-bashing ... Some viewers find all excited about his attacks on Catholicism and what-not. At the principal, that's all fine and fine - after all, I'm an atheist myself - but these people ignore it is simple but essential to the fact that Pasolini was a Marxist. It's like the skin called the Kettle Nut. A Marxist criticizes the church for hypocrisy and stupidity? Where does he get the nerve? In addition, Pasolini was not an atheist, hence high-and-vibrant and self-righteous position not justified. After all, the Marxists are believers: they simply replace God who accepts the idea of ​​a Utopia, which is merely another supernatural fantasy-thinking fantasy. Hence I can not get excited about the antique religion of the PPP. This sophomoric humpdorama anthology ends with Pasolini saying rather pretentiously: "I wonder ... Why does a work of art when it's pretty just dreaming about it?" He did not actually refer to this comic little movie as art, it was ...? In case it was - the poor man deluded - then I need to ask why he did not just let him in dreams, and NOT do all those bad movies ... <br /> <br /> Does my subtitle change my Bergman movies? E-mail me.
