I do not know where to start, so I'll start with a bribes from the back of the cover of this movie. "Alive combines the tension of the Vincenzo Natali Cube and its own Versam KITAMURA." I have not seen Versus, so I can not comment on that, but I think Cube was an excellent movie that I recommend to everyone. However, in this case there is a person clearly confused "strains" and "boredom". I'll just go ahead and spoil the entire plot, because besides being a single cheesy cheese cheese in a plot, it's also mold cheese, and the film is not worth spending anytime on even if you do not knowing the plot in advance, so it does not matter. If I misunderstood the plot, do not hit me - it's probably because I've got to keep my eyes open. <br /> So the U.S. military in Nevada once lost a UFO and the Nambi Desert. This apparently makes sense because they are both deserted so surely they are practically the same. Continent or not. A broken monkey in the UFO and rendered an alien thing that happened on a Japanese researcher who had to eat the monkey to survive in the desert. What ever. The alien thing is now over to anyone in "bloodthirsty" enough to kill the current army. The Japanese military wants to use it for military purposes, so they decided to make it out of the current army (daughter of the researcher) to some other dude. But instead of just picking someone out of the military, who is all with bloodthirsty and already on the military side, they decide that it's probably a good idea to pick some criminals out of rows instead. Oh, and the reason to choose this particular criminal in death row is because it was the first person in history not to die from the non-lethal electric shock that is the standard execution method because everyone dies in the placebo effect when they get electrocuted. I do not know if they do this so they can giggle in the employee's room to how everyone dies even if it's not very dangerous, or if they just want to cut off the electricity bill. Turn to what the Matrix would have been if it was really lame, and fought uselessly to fight our tears for what feels like an hour. And oh wait, now they remember that they had already had a dude who was infected with the alien thing, so the movie all up to this point was actually a totally garbage of time and also life. Then everyone dies. End of. One moment of the movie where I did not want to go and sleep or eat a sandwich instead, was when a dude was pinned to a wall by a tap in his chest, and he hung around up with another market dude pa. The head hanging on the wall said "I'm in pain, shoot me". And the lame dude looks at him, and it's not like it is a mean dude or anything, so he really looks sad and does not want the guy on the wall to suffer. So he launched it. <br /> <br /> (rhetoric pause.) <br /> In the stomach. "Gee Thanks a FREAKIN 'HEAP."
