I'm a Motion Picture Production at Wright's largest Ohio University, and yesterday I was sadly giving the opportunity to watch this horrible God-movie movie. We were informed by our teachers that it would be very funny for us, but the reason we watched it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster. <br /> <br /> The problem with early film sounds was that Hollywood actors only knew how to make movies in silence and was not good at memorizing lines. So, producers and directors would look at the stage to get actors. Sounds like a great idea, right? Well, the kind of acting one on stage does not show too well on film. Most of the actors of "Atlantic" look with sounds like they are acting in a play, which results in many of the hearty souls of the acting. Another limit to the sound of the early film was the technology of microphone. You could not move the mikes as you can today, you were statically or pick up the sound of moving air. There was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie. In one particular scene, there is a man sitting in a table. Someone is upright before him, and delivers the lines, then walk away. Another actor comes in behind him, delivering the lines, then walking away. She goes on like this for a couple more people. The microphone is obviously right by the man at the table, making for a ridiculous actor car. <br /> <br /> These are just technical issues. If you find in the story and direction, then it gets even worse. The story is a fictional account of what happened on the Titanic. The characters are incredible and pointless. A "story" about a cheating man on his wife and daughter's daughter does not have room in the movie. It is barely resolved with your leaves asking why it was in the first place. A disgusting attempt at high drama, the actors take time, pregnant pauses between lines many times. It is tedious, and you can not wait for this 90 minute (feel like 180 at least) films to get and with. I'm not going to talk much about racism at this time in our country, but it's really offended me that there were only two blacks in the whole movie, and they were described as animals. They both push past women and children to try and get to one of the lifeboats. They were ordered to stop or shoot, and of course they were not fired. I was amazed. <br /> I give this movie a 2/10. I would give it a 1/10 (lowest rating possible), but I gave it an extra score just because it was one of the first sound films, and I tried to put it in context. If you want to see a good sound movie early, check out Alfred Hitchcock's "Blackmail" which also came from the year 1929. You will find that the best guides were able to adapt to new technologies immediately.
