For me a filmed film, conventive movie heist. With a cast A-Lists, particularly three leads to a experienced maverick director like Spike Lee I was expecting further and in the end felt that what was being saved added little to this sub-genre film. For a start, I did not like the rhythm of the movie, starting off with the Owen Arrangeman stiffness of ether piece of camera, unnecessarily repeated in the conclusion, then finding the narrative peppered and confusing, not tell real witness witnessing witness, then find yourself flying through your scene unexpectedly started earlier. Of course, the camera work is fluid at all, constantly on the move and incorporating hand-camera shots a-lot, but Lee's director fails to deliver emotions or suspicions, falling down fundamentally by not doing anything in the protagonists of the movie. Denzel Washington has been weighing with the bad-bad ass and talked to a film "Shaft" thirty-five years earlier (she even has that "no-one understands her, but her woman" stuff goes on, replete with "hot" girlfriend, baiting her with some gritty ingredients and proper "room-talking") and moderating her "in the heat of night" Riff and Willem Defoe (in almost a bit-part) raise barely a slice rid. Clive Owens plays his character with an English defocusing accent as we are asserting that the gang is Arab-based, also prevented from having to play 90% of the movie with a mask on his face. Jodie Foster delivers another patent-lipped patent, mirror girl, sub-Clarice Starling turns as a well-connected financial bounty-hunter if desired, in little effect. In general it is a real mish-mash in a movie, with a twist but obvious obvious to the end, in fact the title gives it away from start, spoiler fan. The worst scene (in many) is undoubtedly witnessing the Washington-unbelievable interview, with an 8-year-old street-kid, although Owen's dialogue and even the earliest kids run it close to the embarrassing stakes . During the film of jokes-references made by classical classic characters such as "Serpico" and "Dogs Afternoon" - but there is no honor of self-praise. More like the "Hot Rock" instead ... and even that was good for a few laughs.
