There is no movie and Madeleine Carroll at his disposal could possibly be incapable. That said, I have to add that the British movie comes close. The story takes place on board the 'Atlantic SS' and it's wounded-based tour of the Titanic. The word 'unbeatable' speaks, the liner strikes an iceberg, and we hear a chorus in the sky singing 'closer to my God.' Passengers sentenced eventually take on the im, in a bit clever to work sound. But the year of release the movie (1929) means that a modern viewer has to accept sound primitive sounds and many of the conventions to act in silent film and the stage. These are no problems. The biggest flaw of the movie is walking, and the rhythm has been well developed in silence. However, if the dialogue has been delivered at a realistic speed, running time the film will cut in half. The intended effect was drama (and clear in a new way), but the result unhappily is tiring now. The film structure is preposterously illogical and inept. Paradoxically, I found certain details of the correction of the modern technique: fine, cut off an area of ​​the boat to another, sometimes even on the sound effects. Although we're on the 'Atlantic' board from the first shot, we've been fine about 4 minutes into the movie before I discovered that reality. There are long, intense musical passages by the boat's orchestra. (Interestingly, easy to sound.) Personal stories are presented in a completely uninvolvant and compelling manner. Do not even think of spectacles. The mountain is a little bit with the outer exterior of the boat's boot is a minor dowry. However, the scenes of rapprochement riders in the lifeboats - clearly scene on a real liner, presumably tied to a pier - generate great excitement. Other than the beautiful Carroll Miss, these sequences are the only film excellence. As the movie with the ship near the end, the screen goes totally black several times when the generators may start failing. Last, everlasting possibly is the end of the movie, with a sunset / sunrise on, a symbolic sickening effect. 'Atlantic' is a cinema curiosity. At best. <br /> <br />
