I enjoy a good, slow motion drama. Christmas in August, Chungking Express, Virgin Drips Made by her Bachelors, Home Style, Springtime in a Small Town, Hana Bi, Food Drinking Woman, Dolls, in the mood for love, and spring Spring Spring all the movie is enjoyable ?? just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there is a subset of films in the drama genre that attempts to climb the coattails in good films while offering nothing of interest to themselves. These are what I call movie IAN ?? "Incomprehensible artistic nonsense." Tsai Ming-liang is the king of this subgenre, and Vive L'Amour is "his chief." In fact, this cream is the cream of crap-infestedly garbage under the guise of "art." The people walk through the apartments, drink water, come back with ideas waiting to pay the phones to become empty, hang posters, disconnect papers, go to the toilet, feed, do pushups, sex, mosquito slugs, etc. I do not play it when I say that is an accurate summary of the entire movie, which is the posterchild excellence for wasteless waste-garbage. There is no scheme, no storyline, no exciting or noticeable events, no emotions, no meaningful dialogue, and most importantly ?? there is no drama. <br /> <br /> The most sensible scene has two people "hit" on a bed and someone masturbating under the mattress ?? It's ironic that it's also totally tasty and free. The relationship of the characters on the bed is practically non-existent. Tsai apparently did not feel like communicating anything to the viewer regarding those other than the obvious fact that they like "bang." People on the bed are just as scalable and refreshing. He likes to drink water, form and watermelon, and stroke itself. This is Tsai's idea of ​​"character development." A really foolish "Entertainer" really. Tsai's true contribution to Vive L'Amour is perhaps the most atrocious scene of history-film history. It first shows the lead actress walking all the way from one end to one park at the other for 285 seconds one after the other, only then show her crying hysteria ?? for absolutely no reason whatsoever? for another 356 consecutive. The film then suddenly ends. No points. No entertainment. Just pure, focused turtles inflicted on the viewer. <br /> In an effort to beat a dead horse. The hidden theme of solitude is mishandled so much that only true feelings of this movie are the boredom. In fact, Kiyoshi Kurosawa provides a better display of loneliness in his film Cairo film. And guess what? It's actually interested! This film has been moving slowly like molasses in January, but there is the best way to address the loneliness concept than the utter gossip as Vive L'Amour. Cairo is a perfect example of that. Fans of the cinema can thank Tsai Ming-liang to direct this film, as he has shown unmistakable proof that art-home cinema can be just as bad as B-class, made-to-television cops. Art-house snobs have now officially lost their pedestal to self-righteousness. The quality level of your precious genre is now sublime movie like Army of Darkness and ?? gasp! ?? Showgirls. How do you like them apples?
