I saw most of Ryuhei Kitamura's work and I came to the conclusion that he had a talent for action. The kinetic scenes and fast combine elements of martial arts, weapon guns and battle samurai and camera work that effectively captures carnage in screen. With "Paragraph" and "Aragami" Kitamura demonstrates creativity and has shown that it is more than capable of working with a low budget. So, what happened to "alive"? To be more weak, the answer should be - nothing. Nothing happened in "alive" it was an hour of more films and little no action and little no character and draw. <br /> Adapting from a comic book by Tsutomu Takahashi "Alive" is a test of life in one Tenshu Yashiro (played by Hideo Sasaki) a convincing death row that survived his execution. It is then given a choice of either repeating the execution or topic itself in a rare series of experiences. She selects the letter and soon after putting her in a room with a violent and later and an infant girl infected with a strange parasite that in exchange for humanity's host supernatural power grant. Of course at some points that parasites move to Yashiro, the bad thing is that it does not happen very soon. <br /> <br /> Like "Aragami", "Alive" sets its first half to establish the basic display. The characters presented, the motivations placed and the relationships between each other are discovered. All this takes place in one set. The first major problem in this comparison is that while "Aragami" was just a movie 70 minutes, "Alive" shooter over for more than two hours so making the first part of an hour long. This length of time could have been justified, the characters had made a lot more interesting, but Ay's not. Dialogue is dry, monotonous, free without any sense of emotion or depth, the characters themselves are not very interesting. There were some small attempts to make "alive" a bit more ambiguous, but in the end it all went down to the classic: the evil people against the protagonist, the super-market protagonist, of whom you guessed it, saved little the girl at the end. As I have already said the movie all practically takes place in one series, and after two hours of finding boring, even worse the design set itself was not even interesting to begin with, and not much improved on other aspects of the movie. <br /> Now, after the first part is over, one might think that Kitamura would at least make some fun action scenes make up for the boring start. Unfortunately it is not. The only battles are actually rehashes in similar battles from Hollywood movies, filling with bullet time and psychic powers. They're just not interesting or fun, Kitamura's creativity from "Verses" to go, the little bit limited to its very impressive camera-work, it all boils down to generic battles and expectations, a shame really. <br /> <Well "Aragami" was best on all accounts and "Kitamura" learned something from "Alive". So it was not at least a total loss he watched this movie. If only they understand the mistakes they have made, how to fix them and create a better movie more fun.
