This is a mute film. Maybe my judgment would not be so difficult if the film did not promise much, but I just felt like this movie cheated and played me for a fool at every turn. <br /> I did not have any beef and the act, but I thought the characters were awful. The film begins with Clive Owen's character telling us what a criminal master it is, and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, something he often reminds us later. Oh yeah, he also told us that he's in a prison cell, although that turned out to be a mute metaphor. Nobody knows that the best bank robbery is one where the minimum amount of things could potentially go wrong, and you will soon go before the police show up. But Clive Owen's scheme requires hanging around the bank for hours - for no reason, but in blue stalk around and looking awesome as far as I can say. It has also been controlling hostages, bargaining and cops, and most fantastically at all, making a This-Old-House work on the bank's toilet and hiding out for a week (I hope he has brought enough food, and a bucket peeing in) and then sneak out again. Yeah, sure sounds like the perfect crime for me, Clive! This plan has many moving parts that the only reason it did not fall apart was the senarist saying. <br /> Then there are many details that do not explain: Why were the cops convinced that the crooks were accomplices among the hostages? Who the hell is the character Jodie Foster, and why is it important for her to have the mayor of her beck and call and not to tell Denzel Washington's agenda because "is she higher than her pay balance?" How dumb are these cops that they can not figure out a guy who speaks in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang planning a flight? How did the robbers slip away, and why Clive Owen was stabbed for a week? How was information about the bank's past past, and the number and contents of his secure deposit box? Why the hell would Clive Owen leave in Jodie Foster or the cops? By playing AK-47s games that look real-up close? How to hell or bug a pizza box, anyway? How does Clive Owen manage to sneak out of a safe area in the bank during working hours, undetected? Does this criminal dispensation really feel stable enough to cop cop it into a diamond? <br /> <br /> None of these questions are ever answered. There are films that achieve depth by leaving you in wonder of events that occur on screen, but I never felt that way on Inside Man. It felt like the scenes that explain things were cut out of the movie, or these questions never had any answers in the first place and weak. Particularly annoying is the character Jodie Foster, who will not disclose what he does, but it never seems to tire in reminding us how important it is. We just supposed to take his word for it, I guess. The only reason I gave this movie two stars is that I laughed at Denzel's "taksi taxi" and "pina kolada" gags, and in the kid's outrageous video game. Other than that, this film has no rachim characteristics.
