Movie: There are some very interesting comments about IMDb on this movie. It's really terrible. Not enough money spent on the movie and the way Spike Lee did it, it looks like a combination of an independent movie and a flick of action movie. Character / Actors: Denzel has made "exactly" what he does in each movie, so there is no surprise. Here is a little idea idea for the readers. Quickly think about Denzel 10 movies. Now count how much of being in which he plays a cop / detective / bodyguard, whatever. Clive Owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. Best performance I thought of "Beyond Borders". Other than that she did pretty much the same as she did in every movie as well. His tone and way of speaking were very similar to what he did in "City of Sin". Surely this guy knows act, what he does not know is the best way to choose the role. It is in desperate need of a better agent. Jodie Foster was brilliant in the movie, if you're watching it for the first time in your life. He did better. It had better roles. It is so happening in Hollywood that even the biggest stars fall on their knees and choose the class of low grade as Jody Foster made in this movie. Draw: Conspiracy was not confusing, in fact, I could think of such a draw, in fact the whole movie, while taking a dump after a great Chinese dinner. I mean coming off, **** SPOILER on the road ----> I'm sick of the un-unnecessary Haulocast and the racist sign. The movie is about bank robbers, why put the Haulocast and the racism in the, nice try to play with people's emotions, worked on anyone? NOT ME. Police let the bank robbers go thinking of hostages? Riiiiiiight, please, we're talking about US police force and security here. Nobody could find Clive's location, I mean they did not find anything different with that room. Who are we kidding? Conclusion: Be sure to go to this movie, if there is nothing, you will have a nice time talking to your friends how bad the movie was. At least people will not think that you are stupid to watch this movie because they think you've got to watch it because it has a big star thrown "Mystery".
