It seems to me that Stephen King's "Bachman" feather-name was a way for him to put out some of the mill, rawer, more mean-spirited thing he wanted to write without 'contaminating' names' mark it '. If you look back at "Bachman Books" (Run The Man, The Long Walk, Roadwork, Thin) you have a sealed feel of hope and despair on them different from the King of Mainstream. I realize that we are talking about the guy who has the first novel featured a humiliated, bloody, emotionally disabled teenage girl killing everyone at his high school bullet ... but mainstream is still in character and elemental draw the yeast of the lust of the procedure a bit, and especially there are endings that offer at least a glimpse of hope and human feelings. Bachman's books are just plain mean and still end badly. (BTW, "Pet Semetary" could easily have been a book of Bachman if it had not been disclosed anymore then .. And "Half of the Dark" seems to be at least partially on his "Bachman" character.) <br /> < "/ Thinner" was the latest Bachman book, and people, and its terms of war war, revenge, and death by hunger, it is embarrassing. So it should be no surprise that the movie follows suit. <br /> <br /> What is a surprise is that the adaptation seems to be filmed in a talent "television movie of the week" instead of something worthy of a theater release. (These days, something like this would probably go directly to DVD or cable). The makeup job and the hit stroke (hunger in the middle of many, a metaphor for the overfed, undernourished American middle class if ever been one) is all that keeps you watching this firework. <br /> <br /> What went wrong? First I thought the director went for the nasty Bachman vibe, but he somehow somehow sucked all the interest out of the movie and the poor stock - actors here (with the exception of Joe Monetegna) simply can not bring the movie. Then he squished the heat and life from the rest of the film and left rally and scene structure. Plus he could not leave the plot alone, and its changes do not really help. The script and dialogue must work, but especially the movie just lies there. Everything is muffled, dull, airless, and no fun to watch ... and the vivid exception to the spectacle of the main character is getting .... thin, thin and thin. <br /> <br /> As others pointed out, "Thin" is by no means the worst king ever made (or even the worst second). And he has a powerful peasant, passionate passionate energy to the theme and the makeup work very carefully. But first viewers should approach this and lower expectations.
