You will notice that the store, who appears in two scenes and gets talk, is played by Stephen King. "Do not give up your work day" is the standard thing to say, but that's not fair. King acquires itself reasonably well: it's not worse than any other member of the cast, and better than most. The story, on the other hand, is pure waste. Please leave your work day. <br /> Never had I seen many terrific performances - in which the lead actor (the LEAD actor!) is probably the worst - gathered together in the one movie. Everyone acts acting, but not in any fun way; they all somehow go on-the-top without spending, or manifesting, energy. I blame senarist / director Tom Holland. It can not be that all the actors are really bad. What are the odds against that? Admittedly, I've never heard of any of them before, but still, I do not think I was able to walk into a talented agency and walk out with this very bad performer if I tried: ONE actor, despite my best efforts ', would turn out to be talented. So what is more likely - that Tom Holland rolls a dozen consecutive-eye snakes, or that he writes a hard script and then directs it wrong? This would also explain why the actors are bad at direct proportion of the importance of the script. The more direction the actor got, the worst he did. ("Do you want me to bend over like a hump, talk about the back of my throat, show my teeth, and look bored, all at the same time? Well ...") The theory confirmed by the fact that Holland endeavors to manage They co-writing an extreme script. Several writers here have commented on the fact that Billy Halleck is not a favorable character, but that's a tricky way to put it. It's not a familiar character. Everything we find on it before the supernatural stuff begins happens is that it is fat, and that everything he can think about is eating. ("All I can think about eating," she says, with help.) And in the end ... <br /> <br /> (Sigh) I suppose I should insert a throne abortion here. .. <br /> <br /> In the end it gets hurt. Why? I can only shrug. Perhaps it's under some kind of enchantment. Yeah, that's probably it. Not "evil" maybe I mean "inexplicable" - it's not so cruel as an undesirable social suspension of ordinary mean-end psychology. Anyway, his actions in the end do not make any sense, no action does not make much sense, and this is despite the fact that the characters do little but explain the motivations for the benefit of the audience. <br /> <br /> By the way, here's my prospect for the line / delivery line: "I do not think you would like it .. in reality ..." [great dramatic pause] ". .. I do not think you would like it at all. "
