No, I have not read Stephen King novel "Thin," but I'm choking down the movie version. The horrors of film are an acquired taste. Regular movie gives a hearing to a hero applauds as he strives to achieve a goal. In horror movies, the audience invited to taste the character break. In fat-fat drivers, but without Tom Swallow's bloody taste, "thin," nobody has and everyone deserves the bite that puts on them. Gulf New New England lawyer Billy Halleck (Robert John Burke of "Robocop 3") has a weight problem. Although it's rock toilet scale of 300 pounds, it's happily marrying a trim, succulent wife, Heidi (Lucinda Jenney's "GI Jane") and a daughter daughter Yeasty. stupid here. Halleck shows his sagacity in court when he wins a verdict verdict for sleazy Mafia chief Richie Ginelli (Joe of the House of Games) Joe Mantegna. Driving home from a victory party, Billy hit an old gypsy woman crossing the street and killing her. A cover-up came, and Halleck's friends found him out of the soup. The Gypsy father disgruntled Taduz Lemke (Michael Constantine in "Skidoo") retaliates with a curse about the apocalyptic lawyer and the city authorities who exonerated him. Suddenly, Halleck finds himself shedding books no matter how chow he chomps. When he begs the gypsy vengeful lift up the curse, the old man refused. Dezepereman, Halleck Resorts Richie. While Halleck struggles with gypsies to remove the hex, she learns that her loyal wife turned her attentions into hotshot doctors in the city. <br /> <br /> "Thin" qualifies as not only ridiculous insensitive to horror movies, but filmmakers also rely on men and women stereotypes. Tom Holland, led the "Play for the Child" (1988), and Michael McDowell's storyline, served up as a slipshod script that you can not relishly look at Billy to find his just dessert and pick up. "Slender" has many trauma and fewer surprises. The movieist may have the ranguera novel, but they also filleted the sense of horror and humor. Holland and McDowell feature characters, such as the Mafioso, then inexplicably left in the hook. A minor character shows up enough dead and has a chicken head in his mouth. The stereotyped behavior of the characters can be offended, too. "Thinner" paints women as vixens oversexed with men as pigs. When Halleck sneaks home from a clinic, she finds the sports car's car parked in her home. Her memories ripen in jealousy and cook up a plot to get the curse transferred to this woman. Even the end too early to miss any satirical taste. Oscar-winning specialist Greg Cannom's wizard of "Van Helsing" and make-up artist Bob Laden performs a fabulous beefing job as actor Robert John Burke to look obese. They succeed, too, to make it pull. <br /> Only dead-hard Stephen King fans will be able to stab this misogynistic gooledyspook.
