As a fan of Eric Rohmer's study of the contemporary war between gender, I was very eager to see "the lady with the Duke (L'Anglaise and le duc)" for how he would treat men and women during a real war, revolution French. The film looks beautiful, with each scene performed as a painting period, like a living table. And I hope to talk much, as in Rohmer's style. But perhaps, Rohmer has prevented not sitting on the scenario on writing a real woman is why this particular has felt like a docudrama version of the "red pimpernel." As terrible as the excesses of Robespierre et al, how about some recognition that the French aristocrats have been spoiled brats? I kept myself in mind: "Marat, we are poor and the poor are poor; you could also choose a melody from "Les Miz." <br /> I was not all so sympathetic as the central figure was going back and forth between the city's home and manor countries to stay ahead of the Revolution. At one maid point he claims the shelf is to make sure to manage to wear out a fine repast. I simply did not understand it, an English sympathizer who viciously rejected and defended his former lover and employer as he and the Revolution kept moving political focus; I think I was supposed to sympathize with his consistency more than political machinations, such as a character from the "red pimpernel." Hey, the only reason he did not return home was disappointed with an affair with the Prince and Prince of Wales or someone. <br /> Generally in a revolutionary period some groundswell of change will be over in the relationship between men and women, but I've seen none here. I once went to a Herbert Marcuse conference concluded with a long Q & A; The last question, from a hearing audience far greater than the rest of us akolyte, has had gray hair, was "Why Revolutionary So Manure?" He was caught in with Marcuse did not make the releases to respond seriously - but it's the only thing in my substance to remember from the whole evening. Rohmer demonstrates that counter-revolutionary bites and pedagogy. <br /> <br /> (original written 8/11/2002)
