haha! You just have to smile and smile if you actually did it all the way to this movie. she likes to say something about myself i guess. The film itself has created me to think of as some sort of psychological test, or as some sort of drugs, take you to a place you never had before. When Wittgenstein wrote his famous first philosophical piece of tractacus (sp?) He said it was meaningless and useless, but if you read it, after you've finished, it would take you to a new level, such as a ladder , and then you could throw the job and see things with clear and true understanding. This movie is the same as I think. As a movie it is without a doubt, the worst movie I've seen in a long time in a unique way. First of all, this is fir. I liked watching this guy kick ass in various films. and I suffered from a weak weakness. However, although you know the film might be sourced, you would never suspect it might be as bad as it actually was. which is fun in it. I mean this is fir. Do you know it might be good, but it will be okay, right? smile. <br /> So, this thing on each level is the most boring, most unoriginal. The professional reference is both dead and obvious, but so poorly done as to be funny. There is not one character in this movie that is interesting, in the smallest. and to make the whole thing more surreal, they have a sound that sounds like soundtrack parts of various british films, only non-right. In fact, although it seems close to music musical background music, it's just so happening it's done in a way that will grate you fantastically. <br /> <br /> all the scenes in the dark black nuts, where honestly since the characters are so flat, you do not really care what will happen, but regardless, after that happens with a dying person, you just tell yourself, am I supposed to see it? What else? how about stage and blinding, obnoxious flashing at a speed light speed, for a long period of time to carry. Make sure to let's throw in the end as though. When you're tightened with your eyes you can not touch it anymore, make some more of these in the darkness to kill where you really do not see what happened. And on top of that, allow you to face it you do not care. you've been past boredom in the beginning. <br /> So I drifted in and out once a couple, but I caught almost all of this movie. and it becomes something you can watch, without something that engages yourself on any level, therefore, it gets something you can effectively zoom out with, and start thinking about your life, where it's gone, where it was , what we are as people. <br /> <br /> and that ... this is the true magic of this movie.
