Not really know where to start with one of the worst films I had had to look at in a very long time. From the environment that was quite obvious and very clear to anyone who visited London for the same 1 consecutive day ... was not London. In the most unrealistic way the character criticized managed to save the country back to the U.S. without a single problem. Then he convinced the girl and the grandmother to visit him in America, how on earth Grandma agreed with that ... he is a killer! Well that's about how about about the movie, quite unfortunately that was not the best price. We have British cops driving an amazing set of cars, I am sure it was a Vauxhall Belmont cargo that chased the cab after the assignment, but a modern Subaru Imprezza escorted the jail to a few scenes before. SO19 or anyone gun arm toting at the Met was trying to show was happily running through the streets and their gun out kicked after the Snipe along with the CIA. Did kids walk around, but the police still claimed they had a clear shot to shoot him, did this happen to London? No, no, I stay there. We also have the very implausible trip from Central London to the airport (let's say overdo for reason argument) within 5 minutes of getting a call. We also have terrible American crash, a young girl in posher than the Queen, but lives in Elephant & Castle. What does it say for British police air helicopters and a number of officers in which the Snipe can not get the critique and manage to evade capture by hiding behind some stairs? The train station was obviously not even on UK soil and the sound effects of the fighting scenes were awful. The plot was also very poor, boring and wrote and filmed a lot better once a thousand times. But there were a few remarkable actors thrown into this movie, what they thought and please do not let that reluctance to watch this movie! This movie did not seem to know what she wanted to be, if you are going to focus on the dramatic aspects from the consequence of a assignment then you need a strong rigid plot with possible scenery and setting, this It's something visualizer has time to take in and appreciate and if you do it wrong then you notice it. If you want a movie action all out (which is not) then continuity and landscape can be set by the side.
