Someone must Lee an apology. Actually, many people do. And I'll start. I have never been interested in the Angry Movie Hulk, because of the unanimous review of the bad ones. Even the premium cable channels seemed to rarely show up. I finally decided to watch it yesterday on USA, USA, and, wow .... <br /> <br /> ACTIVITIES TO ANG LEE'S HULK AND THE INCREDIBLE HULK <br /> <br /> Is it boring! I almost did not make it to Ang Lee's Mount. Eric Bana's expression, Nick Nolte was awful, Sam Elliott was unlikeable (and this is not fun, it's usually a cool character). In fact, I honestly think of Eric Bana because of non-descriptive figures it was easier to imitate and computer graphics - and it was clear that the Ang Lee Pontoon meant that it resembles Bruce Banner in his non-mad state . When Hulk fought a mutant poodle I was ready to concede Hulk as the worst superhero movie ever. <br /> But then something happened. About 3/4 of the path of this tedious movie, there was a really interesting and - to tell me - reasonably convinced - extended action scenes that begin with crushed mountains from a room hiding in a military base, tank tanks M1 and Comanche helicopters in the desert, then riding a F22 Raptor in the Stratosphere, only to be captured on the streets of San Francisco. This was one of the best action sequences made for a superhero movie. And I must say, the CGI was quite good. This does not mean that the mountain was fully convinced. But it does not require more suspicion of disbelief than the requirement of a lot of movies that are not superhero actions. And that's quite a feat. <br /> Of course, the finish was really stupid with Bruce Banner's dad turning into some sort of shapes-shifting villain, but the section earlier long put any of the Iron Man's ironic short shame. And in general, apart from hosting the mutant dogs, it really seemed like the CGI of Hulk tried hard to convince you that it was real and really interacting with his surroundings. It was certainly better than I expected. <br /> <br /> OK, but what about the incredible mountain? Guess what ... It's boring too! It was just a few appearances by the mountain and here's the thing - the CGI in this movie is terrible. Perhaps the hulk in Lee Lee's version looked at the liver and cartoonish of others - but it was also his compelling moment. The Incredible Hulk looks positively ridiculous. It has tone skin and muscle tone that did not even look like a living creature, just some sort of computer-generated texture. It was really preposterous. The lighting, environment and facial effects did not look 5 years longer than Ang Lee, they looked 10 years older. And there really is no excuse for that. We really live in an era where computer programmers can break a movie as well as any directors, actors or movies could. <br /> <br /> Worse, the writer and director of this movie seemed to learn almost anything from English to "Lee". All the same mistakes are done. Bruce Banner is practically emotional. The general is so relentless, implausibly a dimension that it looks more often than the mountain. The love interest is compelling (I have to give Tyler's credit credit for being more emotional than Jennifer Connelly, though both are quite easy on the eyes). Tim Blake Nelson shakes almost as much as Nick Nolte, though he's only in the movie for a few minutes. The hulk really does not make much of this movie, certainly not any more than Ang Lee's version. The Incredible Hulk was a little more fast-paced, but since nothing really happened anyway this is not worth much. Oh yeah, the wicked is every bit as fascinating as the Hulk. It's actually much more interesting than a human than a monster. <br /> <br /> This is how I can definitely tell Ang Lee's version better: if I ever have to see Ang Lee's version again, I might be able to sit in it to see the good action sequences , or others to try to appreciate the dialogue a little more (most likely I would just be fast forward to the good parts). But there is absolutely no single scene of the incredible hulk that is worth seeing once, let alone twice. It is really at the bottom of the pile of superhero cinema. CGI's cartoonish is a reproach to the audience - at least in Lee Lee's version it seems like they tried to make it realistic (except for the giant poodle, of course). <br /> It's absolutely idea-boggling how the filmmakers intend to delete the feelings associated with Ang Lee's mountains by doing almost exactly the same movie. <br /> It's Edward Norton's credit that she seems to distract herself from this movie.
