This reboot is like a McDonald's meal processed compared to very Lee, but very obnoxious 2003 "The Incredible Hulk" Ang Lee. <br /> <br /> Ang Lee's "The Hulk" is a comic book for people who think. The hulk takes some time to appear (about 40 minutes), but when it comes to seeing the conflict in our core protagonist. He does his best to avoid losing control, but as he admits, when he gives in to his rage, he loves it. <br /> Now compares this to Edward Norton's turn, where there is no display of conflict in his personality, and it turns into the Hulk every time it gets excited and its pulse rate hits 200 batons per minute ( by 183, by 197, but exactly 200). For this review, this was analogous to the introduction of mid-choristering of the Phantom threat, which tells how strong the "force" is with one, as if mystical capabilities can be measured through a blood test. In the 2008 film, all Ed Norton's barrier is to keep its pulse rate lower than 200, as controlled by an embroidery on his arm. And for the file, it's very hard to get one's pulse up to 200 even in a very exhilarating run, especially for someone physically fit. <br /> <br /> Emotions drive the hulk Eric Bana. He traced the memories of his mother's death and his father's role in his early life. On the surface it is calm, but there is underrated anger, enough rage to the mountain when it is unleashed. But the hulk never kills intentionally, even his attacker. Mostly, she just wants to get away or close at Betty Ross (Jennifer Connelly). He's incapable of his shooter and in a critical scene, saving a jet fighter chase him out of a collision. <br /> In the 2003 film, the visual effects are there, but as needed. Scenes of action (and many of them) are necessary to draw, unlike the 2008 film where stocks are elements for the sake of action. <br /> In his quest to turn it into a "saved" story, Ed Norton lost focus on how Bruce Banner feels on the mountain. For him, the hulk is a dangerous side effect of an unexplored experience. And Louis Leterrier, the director climbed to Ed Norton's replica, fails to add any emotional dimension to the Banner-Pontoon relationship. The story can be summarized as: Banner will be prosecuted with mountain bouncing kicks, Banner will pursue and kick kicks off. Repeat as needed. The only thing that was against the movie 2003 is that it is perhaps not the truth of the comic books as version in 2008. However, as I'm a fan of the comics, I would prefer a movie that's not as comical as fanboy's dream but there's a heartbeat about the comic-loyal but manufactured and soulless version 2008 any day. <br /> Perhaps Ang Lee should read more funny. Iron Man, also released in 2008, is a perfect example of a movie that is true of its comic-book roots and heart.
