It's hard to know where this adaptation begins to go wrong, because I think the problem begins with the books themselves. Alexander McCall Smith has worked out that he or she is not for the detective stories, but for deeply seductive and completely divided vision of an African Africa that does not exist. He did for Botswana what Borat did for Kazakhstan - not as successful, but based in as much reality. <br /> Once I realized this, it stopped my gall that Jill Scott, an American singer / actress, is cast like Mma Ramotswe. If it is a non-African country, how appropriate is it a non-African black woman? It's not the only American on the cast; MMA Makutsi plays by Anika Noni Rose. Both women are far away, far too small for the role playing, and far too celebrity. Both brutally murder local accidents, and both focus so entirely on this brutality that they fail to offer much in the way of acting. Mama Ramotswe Scott is bouncy, beautiful and soft. Mma Makutsi Rose is a bitch-bitch harassed. The result is almost constrained. Throw the principal to rescue only by the presence of Lucian Msamati, who turned into a decent performance as Mr JLB Matekoni. Hes comes at smarter and more intense than in the books, but I find myself able to blame Msamati for this - it's a bright light in an ocean of sucking. Contradiction between its performance and the books is clearly placed at the feet of any committee in the butchers writing the script. <br /> <br /> For me, writing McCall Smith was still very fun yet notoriously bad. He refuses to be edited. As a result, his books have experience in Grammar of the Scientific boundary, and characters that change the name of the middle sentence. That's why something of an achievement that the team writing about this project actually made it worse. The dialogue is now largely Anglicised. Characters speak of "opening" and "sensitivity to need". Mama Ramotswe and Mr JLB Matekoni are fully open. Mma Makutsi moaning on not having a computer, but given her always repairing hair, makeup and jewelry, I'm surprised she does not have a MacBook in her purse and her Visa card. do we leave with here? It's hard to be upset with this crazy adaptation because honestly, most of the things I like about the original book of Apokryf Anyway. McCall Smith painted a fictional and beautiful fictional Botswana, which does not threaten black people who are full of fun and gay-nuggets. It reads well despite linguistic travesti, but it's a vision of how a certain type of white person wants those blacks. It's just not true. <br /> <br /> Given that, it's hardly surprising that this show absorbs as much as it does. It remains to be seen whether the European and American audiences will even notice, however.
