And, finally, old, old Michael Corleone falls on and goes 'THUMP!' Who really made the writing for this last installment of the godfather legend? Probably the same employee does "As the World Turns." This flick of films does not deserve the title "godfather" at all. Let's call one "Cosas in our Nostras" or "All My Capos". As someone who has met a number of Mafia in my business life, I can say without exception, that I have never encountered any mob-in-conflict and contemplative mobility as Michael Corleone. Let's face it, these guys are in the Mafia only because they are vicious, nothing more. In this film, Don Corleone spent a lot of time meditating on his past and his weak future, perhaps even the Afterlife, then restoring considerably fast in order to pull off some fantastic business deals or death orders. One or that one as great as its operator time is, deep down. Then there's his failed marriage. After the break in G2, we can expect that Michael & Kay will be united as men and women, but here they seem to become very good, Platonik friends who can laugh and cry and share intimate thoughts about their lives. It's as if the screenwriters try to make Michael in a woman. It's bizarre behavior for those who share the passion in bedding for 9 years. Some miscasting here and there, or maybe they are sinning in paternity. Poor, old-country-beautiful Sophia Coppola is sealed with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that does not fit what a young woman would say in casual conversation - gave "remarks" rather than "lines "emote. It's a 'passionate' scene with Andy Garcia looks like something from a bad gender comedy as they open their mouth-kissing kisses and fondle every other's backsides on the kitchen toilet as marionettes ... having sex scullery brings in wonders Glenn Close and Michael Douglas, but it's just ridiculous here. Then there's Andy's character, Vinnie Mancini, who's also given a hard & unobtrusive role to play. He hoped, I guess, to be new, Don Corleone's new, but he almost released the job on a silver platter and he must do little to boost his position, unlike Michael's simultaneous hit on every 5 G1 family. This hand-I-down process can be an authentic way of transferring power to a Mafia Family, but why is it so much to do this boring routine? Certainly, Don Vincent can honor the respect of his fellow gangster one day, but there is little revelation from the script to us a young man portrait, sadly. Puzo has done such a good job of quickly & concisely developing Michael's character in G1. But G3 has no economy in its history-telling and we suffer from sketching out expositories until we just want to take a recurrence. Third, George Hamilton also provided a job that would not be respected by taking on family lawyer after Robt Duvall had reportedly dropped a 3rd installment as Tom Hagen. George wisely underplayed his role, so he came without damage to the actor. The development of Connie Corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when it takes the murder of his own hands (he could quite end up sleeping with Fredos, if this was the real world). But it's not all bad. The murder scene at the hotel Penthouse is diligent! Also, "they keep pulling me back to" or the word that effect is a great line. And, we recover some old-country feeling as we get to go back to Sicily, though it's all done in 1989 and they have modern cars & haircuts. The drawn lines including the corruption hierarchy of the Catholic Church are very interesting, since it's based on some current financial shenanigans of Banco Vaticani in the 1980s, but it's brought so far, again, and the scenes are too-spectacular, etc. Grand Opera performances are very dramatic and well photographed. But the scene of the death of Mary to the end is an unmask attempt of emotional-manipulation, at best. All screenwriters need to learn that we do not always need more and more deaths to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. You feel sorry for the Home of her daughter to die, she mourns well, but Michael's reaction is hammy, army, and army. Then Michael dies sometime in the 21st Century, in Sicily, alone in a grand estate, in heart-failure ... no seed to play and before it breaks, no wives have mourn for her. What would happen to last 1/2 in this film is Michael being tracked down by someone like Rudy Guilliani, putting on trial, all his family's sleaze little enterprise and bloodthirsty killer brought to light In the day, Michael is then condemned under RICO law and sent to the federal prison for life ... then he may be quenching on dying from heart-failure while tied a floor to LEAVENWORTH. That's how mafia donations ended their career in late 80's and early 90's and they got better treatments than they deserve.
