The godfather part I was a stunning look inside the Corleone family home and how an innocent young man was all but forced into circumstances he never wanted to be part of. Second Part II shows young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of innocence as he plunges deeper and deeper into a life of crime. The first two parts of the legendary transformation of Michael Corleone make for one of the greatest tragedies in Cinemas history. Then joined the party of III godfather. Michael Corleone is currently donating to the Corleone family. It shows remorse for his previous actions not in subtle behavior, but does not try to use his power to good and admit all his evil, and regret to others. Very cliché and uncharacteristic of the complex character which is Michael Corleone. Michael's plan to use his power for good is bothered by an ambitious young follower and his enemies. Michael's daughter is eventually an accident in the continuous influx of wars and deaths he predicted to lead to Michael to realize that his entire life as Don was worthless for being failed in one thing that was the reason for putting himself in His position was to protect his family. <br /> <br /> The second part II ends with Michael Corleone reaching below the allowable: he had his own brother killed. Before Part III did, the legend loved an emotional fixed story of the innocent young people's journey through darkness and the incredible tragic end of Michael forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that has always been most important for him and people who side by side: family loyalty. Part III painted the Michael picture as a man who is and always was just a victim of circumstances. This much corresponds to the meaning of the first two films. <br /> <br /> Part of Godde III is a horrible mess in a movie that never should have made. The only solution to the problem is that this final installment of these godfather films is pretending that it does not exist and that the legend actually ends with Michael Jackson's awful acts of having a member of his own family killed.
