Around the beginning of the "Godfather: Part III," Michael Corleone's son wants to drop out of law school and become a musician. Michael Corleone does not want that. But his former alien, Home, managed to persuade him to let Anthony Corleone pursue music as he wants. So it does. <br /> Which seems like an odd way to start a review, as it is a minor draw point and nothing really does with the bigger action. Just bring with me here; you will see where I am going with this eventually. Now let me tell you about the bigger plot. It is about Michael Corleone wanting to quit for good (he largely abandoned all criminal elements of his family business). But then joined Vincent Mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in a fraud. So, of course, Michael must hold another brush and criminality and gun violence with all these Gangster things. Meanwhile, Vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with Michael's daughter Michael. Oh, and Michael and Kay are trying to patch up all the wonderful things that happened at the end of Part II. <br /> It's like a soap opera. One, awful, 169-minute opera soap. Gone is any sort of sophisticated, romantic, and emotional importance that made the first two cinemas hit home so hard. After a 16-year break in the franchise, Francis Ford Coppola delivers a mess of sop and entirely incongruous pretentiousness with the first two films, once again proving his last great job was "Apocalypse Now" back in the 1970s . <br /> <What's worse, "The Godfather: Part III" is not even a logical follow-up to the "Godfather: Part II." Michael is a completely different person. It was not just going to seed (that would be legitimate, though it should have no pleasure to look). It became a goody-goody who tries to fix all the tragedy that made Part II a devastating ruler. His confession to the priest was bad enough, but that little diabetes attack in the middle pushed him over to nauseating. She also came together with Kay! For what's in heaven, there is absolutely no way that should happen, as the 2nd film made much clearer! She tackled her baby, and she despised her Sicilian to despise her. Do not Francis Ford Coppola even think of things? But do not even get started with Mary and Vincent! For a romance is so banned, it was shocking engineer. Sofia Coppola does not do anything to help. She made the smartest move in her life when she switched from front of the camera behind her, because she was probably the worst actress I ever saw in a Best Photo Prize. Each line she delivered had to memorize, and each time the drama rested on her ability to act, all she was excited was proper giggles. In the climate scene - I will not go into detail, but you will know which scene I'm talking about when / if you look it - it looks at Michael and says, "...... Daddy?" I think I was meant to cry, but the line was delivered so badly I burst out of long, loud laugh! <br /> Now we find the Greatest, and now you'll also realize why I took the time to start the review with a musical description of Anthony Corleone. After 140 minutes of drama little and irrelevant incident, Anthony Corleone returns ... with an opera! So, Michael, Kay, Mary, and Vincent go to see her, and for about 10-15 minutes a couple of assassins walking in trying to kill Michael. On the basis of this climate, I must say one thing: It's really good! But not because of the killers - they were very boring. I just really liked the opera. It has some great music and real great set pieces. And, in that little it showed us, it seemed that the story was echoed by Corleone's family. I'll bet it was one swimmer opera, and I'll bet Michael Corleone was pleased to let his son switch from the musical law school. My biggest wish is this: that Francis Ford Coppola was simply filmed at Anthony Corleone's opera for 169 minutes and ditched the rest of the melodrama mogwa. Better yet, I wish it did not make the "Godfather: Part III" at all. Part II gave us the perfect finish. This turn on was independent and unnecessary. This is not a gut reaction to the film. I watched all 3 movie godfather about a month ago (even though I was retrieving the first one). Not only does this mean that my expectation for Part III was not recorded (in fact, I had set the bar instead for it afterwards), but it also meant I had a good time to think about all three films. While I was a little disappointed with Part II first, the more I thought about it, the better it seemed. But with Part III, it was bad to begin with, then worse the more I thought about it. The sad thing is that many will stop with Part I, but if they look at Part II as well, they will be more likely to attend Part III. If you have the will, see Part I & II and pretend as Part III never exists.
