When Samantha Eggar (like Phyllis Dietrickson) answered the door to her house swathed in a towel, you realized that as competent an actress as Eggar case, she does not have the attraction of the hypnotic Barbara Stanwyck. And it's not Eggar's total blame. In the original movie, Wilder was Stanwyck not only appearing in a towel, but he entered the stage of second-floor balcony in the house. And he does not "come out"; it appears, almost as if not magic. Walter Neff is staring at the bottom of the first floor. There is a reason for that. Stanwyck is higher than Neff (Fred MacMurray) when they first feature. Not only the towel. The towel is added to the seductive attire. Pose it is like a Greek goddess overlooking his domain, and, in a strange way, you feel as if, from the outset it is actually controlling the whole situation. It has sexual, even magic, power. This person does not have ordinary housewives. This person is a mystery and hidden secret. <br /> <br /> Back in 1973. Notice that Crenna has hit the front door. Stanwyck's stand-up, Eggar, answered the door with a towel around her. There is no "appearance". It simply opens the door. The superiority of the ally that tram the audience in the first appearance of Stanwyck in 1944 is entirely absent in 1973. It opened the door with a towel around it. It can be sexy in sorting a Charlie in Angels, but it's not as mysterious. The replicas of the renewal seem to misunderstand Wilder's point. The script can be said "Phyllis looks at towels" for the film makers in the remark to simply follow the instructions and include the necessary towels. The point is not the towel. The point is the Enigma quality of Phyllis, with the potential power it excels. Wilder gave him a towel to add to his mystic. The crew of the remake gave him a towel because that's what Wilder did. And in the choice of shot, losing all of Mystique Phyllis'. Richard Crenna also looks miscast. It seems like it's "acting" and not really in the middle of the dilemma. Part of the problem is Crenna appearing as much as a 70-year-old actor. It can not be found in the 1940s. When MacMurray first speaks in the microphone, sweat begins to drip into his face. Do not sweat over Crenna. And they changed one of the important lines at the beginning. In the original, Neff said, "I did not get the money, and I did not get the woman." In 1973, Crenna said, "I did not get the money, and I did not want the woman." Are the creators completely unfair to the whole point in the story? Or are they dumbing down for a TV "audience"? <br /> This movie made-to-TV is a not-to-number pronoun. All the sharp corners of the original are lost. Only stand-out, perhaps Lee J. Cobb in the role was made popular by Edward G. Robinson. But it can not save the loss of the original intensity. This boring remake of 1973 is a television-movie film made by the same people who made the "Gilligan Island". They might as well have tried to mention "Kane citizens" or "Gone to the Wind". If mediocrity is one of the best to expect, what's the point? The classic 1944 is a movie with a capital "F". This remarkable make-for-TV deserves a "F" class, or, perhaps, a "D" for mute.
