This television remake 1973 in the classic Billy Wilder is inferior to the original. Surprise! <br /> First, things are good. Lee J. Cobb makes a formidable Barton Key. It's not as good as Edward G. Robinson, of course, but it's the only reason to watch this. Only removable removals on the original is that it cuts down the role of Lola Dietrichson, the daughter-femme femme fatale, Phyllis Dietrichson. <br /> And that's it for the good things. <br /> <br /> These are very bad things. The director records everything in a casual way: if you watch the movie and sounds muted you would hardly find the impression that anything specifically was interesting. Because of modern bad taste, the film must be in color instead of black and white. Because of the 1970's bad taste, all of these are distractingly ugly. Walter Neff's most expensive apartment, in particular, is hideous. The modern environment sucks in a lot of small ways. Train trips were a bit more weird in the 70s than in the 40s, so Mr. Dietrichson's take a train to look more into a contrivance. Men stopped wearing hats, which prevented Walter from covering up his brown hair while posing as Mr. Dietrichson's white-haired man. Women mournfully stopped wearing, which depurbed Samantha Eggar in her own Barbara Stanwyck made the splendid use of a key scene. (Strangely, Lola still has the line where she reveals that her stepmother was trying on a black hat and sail before she needed them.) Stephen Bochco holds a lot of Billy Wilder-Raymond Chandler script the same. But it does a lot of small, inexplicable changes in the dialog that leaves the script a little flabby where once it was lean and muscular. Initially, the famous motorcycle-cop bans away, but look very closely and you'll see what looks like a post-production cut where these lines should be. Bochco can not blame. Richard Crenna is striking as Walter Neff. What could have made this lucky version is a really superb Phyllis Dietrichson. Instead we find Samantha Eggar, who comes as a standard-issue villainess from "Barnaby Jones." But who can blame Eggar? And a director who seems to be interested in what's happening in front of the camera, how could Barbara Stanwyck himself come out well?
