This remake of the 1973 classic Billy Wilder film, "Double Indemnity," is an example example of how to destroy a great script. This TV-Class TV provider also shows the frenzy of remittances in general. While Hollywood has gone after vicious executives who color black-and-white films and sought answers on the wide screen movies that are shown in pan-and-scan versions, the industry has ignored the hacks that insist on taking a classic movie and reduce it with a shoddy renewal. <br /> <br /> The first step in producing a bowdlerized version of a classic is to edit the script. The Billy-Wilder-Raymond-Chandler work has been cut by half an hour to fit the movie ends at a specific time-place and room for advertising. Then update the output with bizarre, color photography, smart, upscale devices, and familiar TV actors. So the brand-new "Double Indemnity" eliminates the atmospheric black-and-white film-noir cinema that enhances the mood and characterization of the original. Gone are the dust, shadows, claustrophobic sets that explain the great protagonists' desire to save their situation at whatever price. Gone are the closest bond between Keys and Neff and the erotic attraction between Neff and Phyllis. Looking at Jack Smight's take on "Double Indemnity" is more "Dynasty" than film noir. Phyllis Dietrickson has a designer house for dying, and the comfortable Neff could be hard to pay on a seller's insurance salary, not to mention Mercedes's convertible car drives. Both characters have no apparent motive for killing for a $ 200 miserable. If not money, then maybe murder for love or lust? Not in this version. Richard Crenna shows little interest in Samantha Eggar, and their kisses are about as lusty as such between a brother and a sister. Crenna fails to capture the cynicism of Neff, and his attempt at double entender and sexual orientation falls horribly flat. Eggar is little better and lacking sensuality and the depth suggests the inner workings of a supposedly devious and manipulative idea. Only Lee J. Cobb manages a performance credited by Keyes. Director Jack Smight and his three principals have done the best job. There was reasonable reason for this renewal product except for filling time in a broadcast schedule. There was no reason to resume this dude on DVD and pack it with the original movie except to complete a dual-disc package. The only lesson that can be learned from this tangle is that even a great script and great dialogue can be ruined and filed poorly, substandard, and the value of television production. The 1973 "Double Indemnity" should have the title "10% endamnity," because look it just insist 100% perfection in the original movie.
