Murder and insurance fraud took an adulterous couple to "the end of the line" ... Television was visually vulgar again in the early 1970s and this truncated, made-to-TV hit-off hurt my eyes. It can not possibly be compared to the classic Billy Wilder Film Noir 1944 as anyone in their own right should know -they are unknown - but that does not mean this update should be seen as a separate entity, either. Although based on the original Paramount scenario, there are more than half an hour off and the principal's indifference to what is left immediately forgettable. With rare exceptions, the younger generation was not interested in watching old black and white film on television back in 1973 (still true today, alas) so this lurid, compelling story was the new overwhelming majority of viewers; Then, as of now, the rules of assessment and cashing of the sole is the only reason it is. Gus Van Zandt remembers PSYCHO Alfred Hitchcock for reasons similar and if these reductions led to the seeker from the original or novel films, so much the best. I liked James M. Kay in Cain's sources enough to tune in back then and I enjoyed the second curio's second curio time around for the longish hair, top toothbrush, turban, ugly decor, and lush embroidered frames of "Star Invite "Samantha Eggar, who did not try too hard. In addition to acknowledging a few of the social cast of a child who passed in front of the boob tube, Lee J. Cobb was able to keep my interest as a world-weary, Key-looking Keyes but bland and inoffensive Walter Neff Richard Crenna's only Remind me of Bill Bixby on a bad day. Improvements on the original were, of course, never intended to hurry to make a buck but, instead of a mind retread, a new adaptation of the novel would have a novel idea. Cain's book differs somewhat from its cellulose incarnation and the Madchen Sharks are angry at the end of the moon is bloodthirsty. The fullness of mine is grateful this speed up update "May Decade" was included as part of Dual on DVD expenses, but the experience not only made me long to see the original, it was my nostalgic for any episodes of better perform the TV Series COLUMBO. I also flashed back to a very good 1973 ABC TV movie in the week that I had not seen since its core debut: LINDA John D. Macdonald starts the beautiful Stella Stevens as a femme female femme who kills his girlfriend (sexy John Saxon) wife and then her maternal frame for the crime and, if I remember correctly, there's also a finishing end. Like Demble Indemnity, it was the need for remade and television movie queen Virginia Madsen as the titular vixen and Richard Thomas as the milquetoast husband.
