Before Stan Laurel became the least half of the ever-greatest comedy team, he worked on the Broncho Billy Anderson deal in a series of cheap, many of which were parody of Hollywood's greatest feature. Following a discussion with Anderson, Laurel continued the informal series of parody of Joe Rock's youngest (and more destructive) company. <br /> <br /> Most Laurel's parody movie was only mildly funny at the time, and even less funny for modern audiences that have not seen the original movie that Laurel is parodying. 'The Hot Dog West' is a fairly generic parody of Cowboy shoot -'em-ups. It's a specific parody of 'West of the Pecos', a oater released two years earlier with no major actors. Since the 'West of the Pecos' has never been a big success, it is difficult to see why Stan's film unit has chosen this film in particular as a target for lampoonery, much less why they wait long after release its parody . And where did the title of 'West of Hot Dog' be found? Maybe it's down to the fact that 'hot dog!' It was a sexual intercourse favored by American lechers in the 1920s. (As in the opening stage of the 'Machinal' stage play.) <br /> <br /> The 'West Hot Dog' was produced and co-directed by Joe Rock. Among his many achievements, Rock featured Laurel Lois Neilson, and he was immediately the best of their wedding. Full disclosure: In recent years in his life, I had the great privilege of joining Joe Rock and his interview. Nearly ninety years at the time, the Rock's memory was impressive ... but it does not mind anything at all about 'West of Hot Dogs', and I can not blame it. This movie is eminently forgettable. The leading lady's character called Little Mustard: If this meant to be a parody of something in the 'West of the Pecos', I did not find it. There are a couple of gags 'impossible' here, including Laurel's method of mounting a horse. For just one moment in this film, Stan Laurel reminds me of the great Buster Keaton when he suddenly broke into a run. The 'Hot Dog West' is vaguely similar in the subtle and tune of Keaton's 'Comedy North' comedy, but Keaton's version is much funnier. The plot of this film somewhat anticipates a situation in Keaton's 'hospitality' feature but (yet) suffered by comparison: here, two hard-earned brothers hope to receive Saloon's legacy of last chance, but the previous owner Her bequeath at Stan Stanford. However, the brothers are getting the heirs if Stan dies. Hmmm ... Seriously, though: is such a legal bequest? As soon as Stan takes possession of the property, surely any more issue of ownership or inheritance becomes his decision, not the previous owner's decision. I had a lot of time to consider these points in law while watching this dull comedy. <br /> At one point, a gag involves some gross animation drawn directly on the movie stock. It looks cheap and it's not funny. <br /> <br /> This 'hot dog' is not weiner, and there is no winner: it's just a whiner. My rating: a point out of 10. Hang on, Stan: in a few more years you will be one-half of a comedy legend.
