This film is a blatant rip-off of one of the best novels of all time, Silas Marner by George Eliot. The details of the films shown on IMDb are recognizable to the original authority but I did not see this at the start of the movie, only a credit at the end saying "suggested by the book Silas Marner". Suggest? It was nothing but a complete rip off of all essential elements of the story: <br /> A sick and old man, a craftsman, poor and lonely, has all his money stolen. One night a child woke up at her door as her mother lay dead in the snow out. The man took it and brought it until one day the local coupon (or wealthy politician here) asked to adopt the child. She is the father of the child during an illegal artifact before. The fight then clues as to who should have legal guardians of the child. <br /> In this and all other aspects of the movie, the story is exactly the same. In one I can find a difference. Silas Marner had epilepsy - but perhaps that would have exaggerated ability to act in Mr Martin too far. On top of that she had her colorful hair in some carrot juice companions (presumably make her look younger, but actually make her look more clown that she is)! There is also the addition of nonsense jokes, that this cut comedy can not resist bring to the story that has no part in it and only divert from the depth of the story. Like the child crying in the court stating he can only be happy with the man who was his father all the years. This is aimed at the movie by the girl applying the waisting downward of the bridge to his nose to make it tearful! <br /> I'm surprised that legality and integrity in the film industry allows such a movie to be made. If I was a sender of George Eliot I would insist on repairs. If I were Steve Martin I'd send the profits to this property or give it to the poor. At the very least it should be right Silas Marner - adapted by S Martin. Or better still remove from the archives! <br /> If you are interested in this story - and I hope you are - postpone this completely and watch Silas Marner. Or read the book! The BBC made an excellent adaptation to it in the 1980s.
