Oh if only I could give this garbage less than one star! There were two entertaining parties in the entire movie and that's it! one was where a line or two of the song was not worried, happily sang by the bullets and the other was where Roddy dropped into the toilet roll and landed with his feet and feet apart so that everything else he landed on the way down hit him in the blanket. That's it was nothing more fun than that, at least not for me anyway! Doctornappy2 is not good at saying 'fans of the completely terrible' Shrek "might enjoy, but" fans of Wallace & Gromit "will probably turn away from disgust. As I like Shrek 1 2 and 3 and I love Wallace and Gromit. You see what it nails down to is that if an animation is done very well then it's definitely worth seeing, this however was about as far from doing well that you can possibly get! Continuous errors were too big in number. Some have been pronounced from the makers of this site the others were not. I'm not going to point out all the others, but here's a few more to see: When the young daughter leaves at the start of the movie catch in the cage door down with the hook part of it which is on the right Clearly go back around behind the round button so effectively make sure that Roddy might not get out and yet he does just by simply kicking it off. At one point the Ruby falls under Roddy's back and gets pushed straight into the air by Rita all while the boat is moving forward. At the next stage Roddy held it again. This is impossible. See how the boat moves forwards only when the ruby ​​was unloaded from Roddy's rear shirt where only he could have landed in the water by Roddy. There was a third one I wanted to point out but for now I forgot it. <br /> <br /> Too much, wanting a better word, 'jokes' were repeated in one way or another, was not enough time to establish any sort of connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow , deep and empty, and the entire movie let you want .... want to watch 85 minutes of anything else! Painting drying or growing grass are two superb options!
