A very young Rogers swindler swindler swiftly swapped with a material covered with his rival journalist Lyle Talbot in this 1933 murderous murder story from Allied Productions's Poverty Row brand. The movie opens with a wealthy businessman taking a header from the roof garden to a high-rise apartment house, or was it from a lover's apartment? Rogers actually has two identities at the start of the film, that of Miss Terry, dead death secretary, and his bi-weekly newspaper in Pat Morgan. Error over his story directly to Ted Rand (Talbot) instead of writing his desk office, he fired for his efforts when his boss learned he was scooped. Here's a puzzle - it's revealed during police inspector Russell's (Purnell Pratt) investigation of Harker's death by Terry / Morgan hired as his secretary for three weeks. Why exactly was that? After the fact it would make sense that it was for a story story, but before? The penalties regarding Harker's association with a mobster are known to be a good living in the same apartment building, but again, that the association is not important until it's all across to Janitor Peterson (Harvey Clark). And who will make all the cards called with the snake that is effective a HSSS, and the words "You will hear it" cut and stuck under? Apparently, the sound of the whip in a snake was sounded by the apartment's home appliance radiator, which Peterson used to transmit a poison gas into the rooms of potential victims, like Madam Coby in the apartment below Harker. But in response to a question posed by Inspector Russell about Madam Coby's death, she responded "apparently" to the cause of strangulation. It is this plot to draw controversy that made the movie a little satisfying for me. The revelation of Janitor Peterson as the bad guy in this piece comes under a bit of inaccurate circumstances as we see him unknowingly the body of Morgan Morgan in the digging of the building! However, and note another point against continuity, we see Miss Morgan in a large basement room as Peterson inflates the furnace; he made his escaped, but how? And always nice as a picture. And who gets the necklace on screen if there is no other than Milquetoast police assistant Wilfred (Arthur Hoyt), who in an opening scene falls on his own feet into a room. <br /> <br /> Sorry, but for all those Rezimer who found "A Shriek in the Night" to be a whodunit satisfied, I feel that any Charlie Chan film in the same era is a true " Overall suspects "by comparison. If you need a reason to see the movie, it would be Ginger Rogers, but to be advised, it does not dance.
