Just see a pre-screening evening. What's wrong? He lived up to it in mediocre trailer running, though this he said nothing at all. He did absolutely nothing that any movie before he had not made, and he played out in such a cliche mode that eventually I got to the point where I stopped laughing because I was laughing at the audience, and instead left playing movie in humorless out. So let's see ... we have the less-than-spectacular character that tries to get back with her ex-girlfriend-but it's not good enough for her to check. We have three friends that all have their own "personality" and one being the best friend who tries to find and best friends of the main character but is constantly rejected, another friend was one super The left side can not live down to the positive view of everything 24/7 and is thrown into the one-material (which in this case is just a bunch of movie reference, especially in Disney), and the third guy whose name you will never remember, but is there to fill the square and throw in consolation message for caretakers listening ... check. We have the old boyfriend boyfriend and his parents **** - blocking the relationship of any possible means when things are looking up, not to mention the left relatives from the main character's side ... check. We have the hourly downer period of the movie where everyone is depressed, checked. We have moments of "comic" films from swearing swearing, those falling down or being hit, the trailer scene, and homosexual innuendos ... check. But there is an audacity I call it a spoiler, but we have a finish that ends exactly as one thought it would unfold before even seeing the movie ... check. Honestly, this could have ..., wait ... should have a PG-13 movie. All that is needed to be dropped was any F-bomb. Honestly, it would have gotten more advertising in the crowd that enjoyed this kind of humor, would have less media exposure, and would not have been that much of people like myself who should try and keep it above The latest R-rated comedy like Superbad and hits up. The humor of this movie is just for the awkwardness that it does not fit in with what people look for. I bet even the actors were often unstable times and some of the dialogue and actions were delivered on camera. Let's put it in this way ... in the theater, it will help you laugh because it's on the big screen and others are laughing. Then hit Hit Showtime movie and you're checking it out at 2:00 PM on a day-off, you can inclinely change the channel. The only thing that will keep you watching is Alice Eve's heat (which is not quite a 10, but still very good looking). Aside from the main resolution, this film kicks a lot of side sideways in the sidewalk and seemed to forget to write more stories that they tried to develop at the beginning of the movie, where everyone else Very beautiful thing to fly out the window. So there is a primary resolution, but what comes to it? It's never really clear-cut, or it allows the finish to be "feel-good" and abrupt. There was only one thing worthless in this movie, and that was the good soundtrack. From the beautiful choice of 90's alternative songs, there was a pretty optimistic note that would play in some parts of the movie (more so at the beginning of it) that reminded me of something David Holmes would mix up / compose. I will give them accessories for a great choice of sound. <br /> <br /> Last thing, this film was probably filmed sometime late last summer, because the unmatched sponsorship again proud Pepsi showed the yellow bottle caps that they had during the Rock Band promotion. I just figured out a lot of Rock Band gamers would catch on this one if you saw it. But I say to keep your money. If this was PG-13 and you were 15 years old on a Friday night with a group of friends, I'd say knock ourselves out. Otherwise, definitely pass. He does not try and compete with the R-rated movies in the past few years, and ideally it's not as good.
