Walerian Borowczyks La Bete (1975) was obviously received in different ways: Some were amazed, some were shocking others to applaud the courage. I am however completely intact, bored and can not stop asking myself why the incoherent show, consistent images that vaguely orbit around a central theme are considered an intellectual journey. <br /> <br /> What was this movie actually about? Growing Sexuality in a Woman? I've seen big movies on this subject, but this is not one of them. How one tries to show a growing sexuality of a girl without at least trying to characterize it as a person not only as a narrative device of dreams (in the nude) of animals. Where there is no character, there is no character study. The woman persecuted by the animal was not adolescent, the girl has sex with the black chief butler (is it also characterized as an animal?) There is a very attitute attitude up of sexuality, so where does the consistency? Is it a movie about religion? If so, we would need a bit more thematic material than a priest without function, character and charisma, but with a strong desire towards two boys. <br /> <br /> Is it on homosexuality? The metaphoric feel of the movie banned any realistic quiz of besetiality, especially as realistic quizzes require realistic characters. So, no real bestiality here. Some human beings and two priests talk with each other about the sin of occupation. Enough for a college essay on the subject? I do not think so. <br /> <br /> Is it about sex? Is it about anything? I do not know. I only know that showing a shotgun does not make a film of a movie war. Coping with a topic should mean more than displaying its own association with the theme. <br /> So look through the conflict. Do not be afraid of the best quality, nudity, cumshot, masturbation and other things. I'm not. Look at it as you look at any other story and you might discover that this is a wrong done, wrong edited, wrongly acting, really wrong writing (okay, some pictures are pretty nice, and the main character is a bit really good looking) cerebral masturbation to a director who thinks beating around the bush in a hip-hoping manner will make an intelligent story. It does not. It makes it boring.
