What the hell is this? "Kooky drama"? "Lawyer in Loony Tunes Land"? The world's actress luster, the most duck-faced (even more duck-faced with anorexic than Michelle Pfeiffer) overacts her loop cuts, makes grimaceous crests that would humiliate Bunny Bugs, in one of the most non-animated series anime television ever. This is also the show's most annoying one-hour-format television ever, hence the worst. <br /> <br /> All men act like pansies, and I for one refuses to believe that even hip-large shysters are all as delta-male-like this (sorry) bunch. Wuss Peter MacNicol manages to be even more disappointing than Calista Flockofducks and his Hollywood "shshshs" speech ban speech: it's the sort of pseudo-inability to pronounce the letter "S" by turning it into a "SH" pit that loves Jon Shtewart and Christian Shlater also practiced with wings. Watching MacNicol talk, I always wonder how come the jaw does not move ... Human facial anatomy is never meant to support pronounced "SH" sounds more than three times per second. It's a medical wonder. This design badge and legal-drama / comedy hodgepodge also features some 90s PCs. It has POLITIK correspondence written with large, neon letters. Is there something more unrealistic than a bunch of people who are full of ideal, high principles, and moral fiber? Laughable, but this road defense law has been described in Hollywood since its inception. After all, what is more noble than to defend a murderer, a violent, or a thief? When a TV set as delayed as "Ally McBeak" starts preaching in America on how it should run the country, then it must be time for Paris Hilton to become President. "Ally McQuack" is both a recent product and great Western dumbing-down scale with a committed person. Those who are supposed to touch on "eyewitness", such as UNBELIEVABLY annoying music numbers, are compelling and embarrassingly unfunny. This is not Monty Python. Regardless of the "new" talent-free musicians in this garbage target, they fail and honor. "Ally McBeak" is a very commercial TV company aimed for yupi indiscriminating, housewife bored, and bipolar advocate. It is yet another dull "obsession overruled to sustain your Honor you can call the witness" Baloney legalist that American audiences seem to eat up and relish for some unusual reasons.
