No, I just will not get with it here. I refuse to go along with the program. Are you not supposed to be that perhaps this film is just an over-rated tadpoles? Look at the readers' reviews and star ratings: Most are 6/10, 7/10 or better. I think this is an example when assessments can tell more about the people they are selling than the movie itself, which is unique. How many other fantasy have sex on femminating filling and horse soteups have hit mainstream DVD titles catalog? I watched this movie with a perpetuant sense of involvement, waiting fireworks, and instead there was a blow to a Gucci shopping bag. He looked great, but once the thrill had ended the same twist did not do much to save it. The film's film story tells it all: Film director about 25 minutes of bold hardcore sex fetish sex for another film, informing the foot will not be appropriate, putting it aside, waiting for two or three years for a smatter critical criticism to build, Then construct a feature all around that 25 minutes, filming about 70 minutes of otherwise unrelated, excruciatingly boring foot and inserting 25 minutes into pieces as a sequel to dreams. This 25 minutes of the movie question is striking odd, original and shocking at a deliberate, calculated way to go without saying. But we're not here to assume that 25 minutes by itself, we must consider the entire movie, and ask ourselves why people are so enthusiastic about the movie? Or are they just romanticized by history's stories and stories being banned by those who were stupid enough to be offended by it? <br /> <br /> Perhaps it is an anti-clerical agenda that appeals. The Western religions of Catholicism and Christianity are one of the few socially acceptable bastions of intolerance - Just today it has revealed that the BBC regularly skews broadcasts and anti Christian & anti-Western feelings of regular political advancement. You can say anything you want about the Bible, pedofeliac priesthood, cruelty to the institutions of the church, and how many white men and pennies are sucking their skin dimpled into a golf ball ... but to say one thing negative about religion non-condensing, and you are toast. This film was tailor made for this feeling, with a previous old dried priest with a totally unfriend on screen screen and two beautiful 14 year old French boys filled with proper touch, fawning, fondling, fumbling, groping, and patting in backsides. Ewww. <br /> Then there are horses, pictures of fetishistic like details that portions of the movie can be used as visual aids for a biology class on animal farming. Yes I understand the thematic importance of the imagery - the great phallus beast and a wealth of reproductive liquids just waiting to be triggered like firefighter - but if I wanted to look at horses, you know, do it, I would like to go live on a farm. Has the genitals in my face are about as fun as watching someone use a toilet. Is this movie just a sort of artsy division for social devian? Probably, even though I'm going to award the artistic execution of most of it, filmed in a kind of art of Euro detail that even has a pond jungle pond right from a Monet painting, complete with a bridge spanning arch. And the finish (which I even managed to be amazed by) does sort of wrap it all up in an unpleasant package. But you must remember that some things that can not be deconstructed for design elements and many artists are guilty of exploiting them in their labors to borrow a sort of gravitas that would not have been achieved without it. That's not fair, and even Clint Eastwood has fallen in love with his new movie on Iwo Jima. Whether you're not filming it is any good stand as a separate consideration from whether that battle was a noble cause fought by the hero. The problem is that most people will not be able to separate from the aspects of the film and will be lined up by giving Oscars because of his noble message - not because it is a particularly good or original movie. <br /> While it may seem like an odd paralysis, I see one with the beast: How can anyone see the basics of nature in the eyes of two growing horses? And who can not see the logical accumulation of sexuality in reprimanding from fairy tales in the film-explosive film film where Beauty and the Beast finally make the embarrassing? Somehow I managed to miss both the points, and I'm glad I saw this film so I can waste it as it really is: 25 minutes or so in the eye of the top picture of the top adult head surrounded by By 70 minutes of drainage skull slowly artsy-fartsy Euro trash drakes on some guys getting a couple, and a great finish. It's art for sure, but it absorbs hard. <br /> <br /> 3/10
