Reception, especially in this era of computers, multi-functional copy machines, e-mail, voice mail, snail mail and `time, 'are rural areas and satirical possibilities, a vein already tapped into the films as` clockwatchers' and `Office space, 'and successfully. In addition to the Temp / Humor pool, however, `Haiku Tunnel, 'directed by Josh Kornbluth and Jacob Kornbluth, neglected to live up to his prejudice, and let them laugh at a place outside the door, waiting for a chance to sneak. Unfortunately for the hearing, that chance never comes; So what you get is a nice try, but as the man once said, no cigar. As the animator / star of the movie, Josh Kornbluth (plays Josh Kornbluth), points out of the opening frames (in a monologue released directly to the camera), this story is pure fiction, and takes place in the fictional city `San Franc'l'isco. 'It's an innovative, if not very imaginatively featuring warnings, and not all that is funny. It is, however, a president of what to follow, all of which - like the warning - just not all that funny. Kornbluth plays Kornbluth, an aspiring novelist who supports herself as a `temp. 'It's a work that suits him, and it gives him time to slip into some work on his novel from time to time. But when she goes to work for an attorney, Bob Shelby (Warren Keith), she's done a good job on the first day, and Shelby dispatches head of the head Marlina D'Amore (Helen Shumaker) Kornbluth to convince her to go to Perm. 'The thought is working full time for the same company, though, initially striking fear of heart Kornbluth, but it caves in and signs over for the position. It is nervous about it, but at least now the other secrets recognize its presence (which, of course, they would never do with a temp), and if things get too rough, it has had important milestones up - which now just has to be sent back - to fall on it (it's being kept back because the code is the easy part, and it needs that something is easy to do in reserve, in case it all gets too much li). These are 'important' letters, however, and at the weekend, Kornbluth still have them in reserve, on his desk. And it does not take a genius figure to know that when Shelby finds out about it, Kornbluth's day as the fair-haired boy will be over. But rapidly. Kornbluth, who not only led, but with John Bellucci also wrote the scenario for this movie, should take a page from the Ben Stiller Book of Comedy, where he says' If you play it right, they will laugh. ' But they did not, and the audience will not. Because of comedy, even look at it as the goal as possible, when the main character (as well as most of the characters supported, in this case) `funny '- like in, it` knows' it was funny - it never is. And exactly what Kornbluth does here; So, rather than being 'comic', it comes across as smart and firefighter, a serious mistake in judgment on the part of the Kornbluths, because not allowing it, to sabotage their own movie. <br /> In trying to discover exactly why this film does not work, it comes down to two basic reasons: the directive, which - if not necessarily `bad '- is at least negligently; And secondly, their performance begins with that of Josh Kornbluth. Quite simply, Kornbluth just seems too impressed with himself to be effective here. Unlike Stiller, or even Steve Martin - both of whom use humor deprecating mood humor very effectively - Kornbluth apparently has a month that simply will not allow himself to head into that light; It seems they have a need to let their audience know that it, the real Kornbluth, is in fact much more intelligent than the Kornbluth character. And being able to get past that made it in, as well as the movie. Instead of giving millions of office workers who can view this movie someone whom they can report or with whom they can identify, Kornbluth affects a condescending way that only serves to alienate the many people it attempts to achieve. So what it all comes down is a case of poorly led and compelling act, and when you take into account the scenario itself was weak to begin with, with an inexplicably narrow focus (given the potential of the rich subject matter ), it's easy to understand why this one just does not fly. <br /> <br /> A favor in Saving of the movie is the performance by Warren Keith as Shelby, whose subtle delivery is convincing, with which - in and in itself - is fairly funny. The effectiveness of it decreased, however, as long as Keith had to share his scenes with Kornbluth, which somewhat automatically canceled his positive contribution to the project. <br /> <br /> Shumaker and Sarah Overman (Julie Faustino) also manage to keep themselves up to water and their respective performance, which is praised if not entirely memorable; They at least make the watchable scenes, and Overman even managed to elevate Kornbluth's performance, if only for a while. But it's still not enough to save the day or the movie. The support cast includes Amy Resnick (Mindy), Brian Thorstenson (Clifford), Jen Lomena (DaVonne), Joe Bellan (Jimmy Post Cluster), and a Coming Look by a Clutter Harry Harper , as the Leader of the Orientation - a role that begs for an answer to the question: "What did he think when he agreed to this? In any work environment, there must ever be situations that happen one way or another will inevitably become fodder for someone's cedar cannon, and the films that describe these situations will always be with us; Those good ones (see paragraph one) can even become classic in their own right. 'Haiku Tunnel,' however, are slowly staying very long among them, because it's destined to lie elsewhere - in a domain known only as: `obscure. ' I miss this one 1/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
