From the first time I saw the box cover in the movie and the photography stretched out I thought this guy, this friend of the 'black' must be like 6 feet or 6ft 2in. <br /> No 5 feet tall. Not that, it's her fault. In any rating, I turn on the movie one cool night in Tucson, out on the second-pile story with a good cigar and let it roll. Then my wife had a deal with things going down hill for me, so I needed a good rehab. But as bad as the movie was ... I totally enjoyed it, and a Merlot bottle too, I would admit. <br /> <br /> Surely I watched this movie many times. It always makes me feel good! It's not that he's trying too hard to be cool or that 'so close' to hit the mark for a movie movie ... It's frantic. Then really clueless. Then frantic again. It's the best of the best when it comes to a slow down chase scene. Wow !! I never felt safer in my life. Hot and happy too. I was grateful to be kept on the gasoline during the chase, due to less production in the summer months ... anywhere the direction was 'uninspired' action and battle sequence needed to be choreography, or re-choreography and fitting bolt, the sound cut off the delivery did not hit you, it just keeps on going, in other ways. The 'Locals' in this city being in the city, instead, 'Off Replica' also did not seem to follow what happened very well, would look and even 'fix' in the camera lens. Like a deer in the head of light kind of stuff just a few of them with a smile, a smiling deer. <br /> I feel bad because 'Columbu' I just bet have a good heart and a caring spirit for people in America as well as for their own countrymen. <br /> However the "Island Baretta" is very lethargic and incredible. Even though I love it very much. I'm now x-wife hated it, but I love it! <br /> <br /> The funny thing is, I'm very discriminating when it comes to movies I love or even 'like'. All in all, I love Franco. So it is. <br /> As a movie adds this addendum if you like to kill a few hours and really enjoy watching, straight to video-B movies or movies 'bad' for your little library collection then if you can get read, check out the 'Big Sweat' (1991) and Robert Z 'Dar..you know the big guy from' Tango & Cash '. 'Big Sweat', a bomb in an angry story that has no real plot discoveries and acts that is so lame, it might as well be 'crackers' and the 'big sweat' end I think Run out of money, because they have a picture of the cast and just put it on fire and let it burn during their credit. -Bon fun. But all in all, not as good as Baretta's Island, I gave it a '1' and an overall rating of 'terrible' for Horror-B good movie. I'm waiting for the end, perhaps like Baretta's revenge on Montazuma '(Franco taking a Mexican vacation and getting sick on the water then declaring war on the water CO.) Or' Baretta's Bargain Powder 'where as he would lead a large drug master in his hometown and chemically young-splice and create a super hybrid bug (bug) that should be elevated and dropped into the cocaine field and feed the coke and over his passing through the insect, a chemical reaction that turns Coke into powdered sugar. Then another end would have to get the youth to deliver from excessive cycle addiction and so on. He was able to find a big company stuck to endorse and partially fund the project with prestigious placement products in the feature. Right? (*)
