Unfortunately, the print in the movie we went to look at the fire at Universal Studios last week, so we were stuck with videos. This might even have a metaphor for this second-rate King Kong movie from Studio Studio Studio Toho Ishiro Honda. Essentially it's a heated "King Kong against Godzilla". It even uses the idea of ​​a Mecha-Kong, such as Mecha-Godzilla. Of course the climate film and King Kong fighting Mecha-Kong on top of the tower at Tokyo Expo, but if you did not know already then maybe you are in the age group that this film was designed for. <br /> Throw in led by a guy called Rhodes Rezon that we have never heard of ... glancing on his list I see mostly a lot of American TV premiere, so it's interesting that they drag him 'All the way in Japan so that they can have a nominal American hero. The real hero of the movie is the most sensitive Japanese captain played by Akira Takarada, whom I recognize in the Hiroshi Inagaki's Iconiar version of "Chushingura" (47 Ronin) and also in the original film Godzilla by Honda. I regret Rhodes why you are, but this guy has the way more screen presence and you can bet that everyone wants it to end up with the cute little blonde, played by Linda Miller. We laughed in the way Reasons that would always find a way to interact himself between Miller and Takarada, who he looks like he's kind of preferred. Of course as all her leading princess's relationship Kong is with the king herself. She discovered a nice trick: if you talk to a giant Ape really ..... really .... slowly ..... she will understand what you are saying. But if you are a blond gonster, it means he will do whatever you say. This fact does not lose on Dr. Who (Eisei Amamoto) and Madame Piranha (Mie Hama) - representing a "non-calling nation" - who is planning on using it as bait so they can find the kong digging mineral deposits are blocked by the North Pole. <br /> Yes, this is really the plot of the whole movie - apparently only a giant Ape that will be able to dig out those minerals that can be used to perform super powerful weapons. Dr. Who built Mecha-Kong to find it, but the circuit came in the way, so they decided to go for the real Kong. Kong himself seems to influence moments with Mecha Kong, a story element that could make the movie more interesting, but it was not followed up on. At the end of the film, the beautiful blonde shouted "Kong" or "King Kong" in her chirpy voice many times when the two heroes told her to let her go to the end talking for all of us. Basically this movie squanders whatever majesty was possible in the Kong character does not make it a heroic and friendly figure too soon, just like the newest version of the story. Kong is just a guy in a costume in this movie, and shows quite a lot of it at the point where the figure jumps become impossible to take seriously. It's a good looking movie, I'm sure it meets the demands or desires of fans of this kind of thing, which is really more of a movie movie than a movie movie in a lot of ways. The monsters never really scare in the movies, they just jump around and push each other around so much. It's not a movie worth anything, but it's pretty predictable and so formula for anyone under 10 years or so it probably will be just funny as comedy.
