This is an interesting side turn for Reel 13 Indies. DE HARBORS is a B & W 75 minutes film from Minnesota featuring non-actors features and is about to get a connection through a search for alien life. I congratulate Reel 13's producer on thinking out-of-the-box when choosing this movie. I just want to have chosen a stronger movie to be bold with. As a matter of fact, I wonder if the choice was more accomplished with the uniqueness of the movie than the actual quality of the film itself (Not that of the HARBORS is completely without merit, but I'll find that a little later). <br /> <br /> As is common to independent films, two HARBORS are limited in terms of location. There are only two real places? a large dealer junk dealer with a very trailer trailer, which is the home of the main character, Vic, played by Alex Cole. Writer / director James Vculek uses the market environment to provide exhibits on Vic, who is one of the dealers there. It has several people walking up to Vic and start very long conversations that provide us with just two pieces of information ?? Vic sold game space (he prefers to call them "face face figure action") and he is a crazy store. This is the emblem of one of the two key issues and two HARBORS - all discussed. I told her before and I'll tell her again ?? We are faced with a visual means and filmmakers need to work harder to tell their stories visually. There are exceptions, of course, but generally, endless partners are not so engaging on movies ?? especially if the dialogue was used as a display. Pretty much all the conversations in the movie are long and unnecessary verbal. A remarkable example would be a few scenes that Vic features trying to play himself as a boy scout leader in order to find a discount in a store. He argues with the clerk to return with ideas and these scenes are not even advanced to the one conspiracy. This is the kind of thing that makes even a 75-minute film feel long. <br /> <br /> The other problem with the two HARBORS is the act. I can be a bit of a negative when it comes to the movie performance, but I really do not feel like having a good excuse for not having good actors in your movie. There are so many good actors out there, many of whom want to work on low-budget projects ?? even in Minnesota. Many movies have a great deal of importance for acting as high in visuals, but that is naive. In film-based narrative, next to the story, there is nothing more important than acting / performance. If you do not believe that the people are recording your story, your audience is lost. <br /> <br /> Originally, I thought Vculek was using non-actors, but as the movie went on, I decided to be a theater actor-community actor. It was not what they were comfortable on camera. It's being overly theater (it's great). Granted, the best of the actors drove them two? Cole and Catherine E. Johnson as Cassie, a young girl who gets caught up in Vic's extra-terrestrial hunt. They seemed to have the most training, but they were still a little rough around the edges. The eyewitnesses appear to have seemed to be just surfaces - not coming from a real, organic place. Ms. Johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. It definitely has a presence ?? a midweek charm on it, but that charisma backs the crowd to the character's character to have. He struggles to show idiosyncrasies from a supposed life in loneliness and slave labor, relying on stock gestures such as eyes, lips and stammering suggesting discomfort to the outside world. I mentioned in the first paragraph that two harbors are not completely worthless and here's what I mean. Without giving too much, there is a white fade an hour in the movie. And the story takes a stunning turn, allowing last fifteen minutes to be evocative and downright powerful ?? It's like a punch to the gut, but in a great way. It's almost a great relief to feel something after a long time with these characters. The last five minutes of the film has no dialogue all and the result is the best part of the movie ?? subtle, detailed (Cole does her best work in the movie) and most importantly, cinemas. And then with the closed credit comes the most stupid revelations at all? that it is based on a true story, which got me into thinking. With all the dialogue, where the minimum and lack of cynical qualities, it happened to me that with two ass kickers with a tightening re-writing, from HARBORS might make a really kick-ass play stage? Maybe even one-act. If there are any boring theater producers outside this reading, I definitely recommend seeing if you can get a hold of the movie and contact the movie, reel 13 or whatever. Can you have something in this story after all? <br /> (For more information on this or any other Reel film 13, check out the websites at www.reel13.org)
