Genghis Cohn is a (very) proudly proud British film about a German police commissioner in the late 1950s who haunted by a ghost of a Jewish comedy that he killed 15 years earlier while serving under the SS Hitler. The ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a Jew to risk the killings he committed. Otto, the German policeman actually knows this ghost because, the last thing he did before he died was said, in Kreyòl, 'kiss my ass'. The policeman did not speak Yiddish, so he asked around to find the meaning. 'Kiss my ass' leaves such an impression that everyone involved with those killed learns and remembers the comedy name, Genghis Cohn. There are a lot of people murdered by the commissioner's law enforcement, and there is no useful indication. The men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher. The seal announces that his knife is missing during the commissioner is in the store to get once and onion sandwiches, so the commissioner is a suspect. It's the first person to die while making love to the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. But the butcher maintains that he should be very busy if he killed every man who had sex with his wife. All are killed immediately after the climax of love. <br /> I think I might be a little nicer than ghost of Genghis Cohn if I was killed as she was. It seems they are very good-natured about it, as if it were just in a mild car accident. I can only guess it is because it's a British movie and they are known for being a very nice person. He used some of his materials to his stand-up routing, and I just did not find it very funny. <br /> I gave this movie a 4 because it was just kind of jumps. I thought it would be a little worse than it was. The movie turns out to be a murderous mystery (where does this come from?), And it seems that Genghis would be much more useful than it was. The film gave me a tiny look at Jewish culture, but it was only pot-deep. Do all Jews love liver sandwiches and onions? Are they all saying `shtoop 'and' meshuganah 'in their daily vocabulary? Is there no more important thing that we should know about the culture? <br /> I saw this film at a Jewish community center in Berkeley, CA, and I was the only person in the room whose hair was not completely gray or white. (I have no gray or white hair.) There were 18 of us, and after the film were left for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. There were 2 main concerns that were expressed here: 1. The film had the way to generate too light-hearted and future generations could not understand the gravity of what happened with 2. As the Holocaust survivors are dying, the generation The next will not know what's really happening. I thought that this second worry was ridiculous and I told them I thought they did not have to worry because there are tons of literature out there and they're still there who likes watching movies, like myself. The assassination of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will never forget. I write this last paragraph because they loaded me and tell others about my experiences that day.
