RUN ... Do not walk away from this movie !!!!! Aim of the very young kids, this film will make you tears. If the Gamera trilogy in the 90 raised the bar, this film just lowered it. It's slow to rhythm and the monster battle is good, but rarely seen. This movie made me circle up in the cat's box. Just a poor offering after the 90's phenomenon. <br /> <br /> SPOILERS BEYOND THIS POINT !!!!!!!!!!! Here are the top 10 reasons why Gamera fans in the 90s series will hit this movie. This movie is a drama that follows a kid trying to cope with the death of her mother and fear of losing baby Gamera in a fight after his father saw gamer in adult die. You see the adult gamer for perhaps a minute at the beginning of the movie. He gets his butt pursued by a few Giaos and destructive self ??? It looks old and lethargy. Plus it seems nothing like any gamer you've ever seen. His costume seemed cheap and he was rushed. The young gamera you see in the rest of the movie looks like a Pokemon. Big-eyed and beautiful ... it will remind you of the baby Godzilla from Godzilla vs MechaGodzilla 2. Gamer is now too nice. This film has the speed of watching a NASCAR race during a 3-hour delay. I watched this movie with 2 other Gamera fans and nobody was happy with how slowly this movie was moving together. I saw a full SUV of people who are very hungry up a mountain road moving faster. Like Godzilla: The Final War, this movie has a lot of time lapis on the screen. Final war was more, actually, and better fought although short. Kids take the title role. The friend of all children's theme and writing poorly killed the original Gamera series in the 1970's and history repeatedly in the year 2000. The most successful films Gamera abandoned the feeling of Sesame Street, went to a darker place. Why go back to a failed formula? This was a new trilogy and sales ticket to kill any hope for this story to continue (thanks). Gamera loses its iconic roar. It now sounds like an elephant and throat strep. This film can produce a new Olympic event ..... Imagine a relay race that involves throwing toddlers into the wrong way. You will see how to understand this point. Where were the parents? Oh yea..right has sent the children to a fighting kaiju area. <br /> <br /> 2. The special effects were good, but sub-par for a Gamera movie. Regions with Iris had the best effect. The best effect was to show that baby apples gamers fly. Not too impressive. <br /> 1. This film is just not that adult Kaiju fans coming to expect. The director has participated in Power Rangers and it shows. It comes as a cross between ET, Always: Sunset on Third Street and TMNT. Kudos if you know all 3 references. <br /> <br /> The best rental or look once if you buy it to fill the DVD set.
