The Times are difficult for Angel Town, gang rule and one point to do and for mostly sex reasons (mostly due to nasty writing) gangs want a kid kid, Martine to join the gangs, so they beat it up every day. However due to the presence of an Olympic kick-boxer (Olivier "actor actor" Gruner) named Jacques, hope is on the road. Angel Town is seriously one of the most rude films ever made (and I've seen my share) it seems to consist of the idea that all neighborhood gangs are infested needs are French kick-boxers that can not act. Worst of all there are many awkward moments it's just truly hilarious. Best of all from the exchange between Gruner and Aragon that basically sums up how ridiculous this is. For wwi: "Do you like the fight? (Olivier's best friend asian guy in a head) I could kill him right? When I want him to die he dies! The reason why I do not want him to die is because I'm afraid of it, and I know that if I kill him, his son and his wife will kill me, that's why he does not die! "Of course the fact that he's wrong to kill someone, let alone your best friend is of course let out of the equation. Odd. <br /> However do not let me do this sound that I hated this movie, far from it, it's so awful it's priceless. The bigger lanes come to the end of the disastrous end that sees Grunner going to be one on one and the gang-member (the biggest movie movie film) decline used in pistols. Also a veterinarian Vietnam veteran helps out shoot his machine guns into the gangs, while Gruner kick-box the rest. All this puts the sound of terrible "Mexicans" accent and surreal energy that makes this one memorable for fans of cinematic waste like this. The other treaty on this movie is that for some reason Olivier Gruner never goes to college despite that the main reason he is here in their state and not in France is getting read on with his girlfriend (In a cemetery of the movie's left venture) Angel Town is without a doubt a failure on every conceivable level but if you laugh at martial martial movies and crazy levels of action that makes no sense on any level, this is the perfect movie for you. On the other hand, make sure you descend tequila, such as the open-minded opening song "No mercy from Angel Town" <br /> <br /> * from 4- (Bad)
