The Billy Chung Siu Hung (films of the swordplay killer from 1993) movie love killing (Hong Kong, 1993) is among the strongest products in the category III Boom that remain cinema in HK in nineties early. He is born in films with strong sex, stripping and violence, more or less free of shock only. Love to kill definitely belongs to the "plus" category and some unforgettable ideas and pieces of seluloid disease. <br /> <br /> The HK Witch Anthony Wong (from the award winning The Untold History by Herman Yau, from the same year) plays a business man with a husband who loves torture, humiliating and raping young women she (Elizabeth Lee Mei Fung) who for some reason did not let her, and saved herself from their little son from the disturbed tormentor. A policeman (Danny Lee, famous actor of police films such as Dr Lamb (1992) by Billy Tang (and co-directed by Lee) and the Killer (1989) by John Woo in not just a few) however sees the problem and begins to protect the wife and son but Anthony naturally does not like this at all, and it brings him all into the ultra-ultra-mean spirit and final graphics during a rainy storm. almost completely without any merciful basis as it's just a piece of exploitation in order to cash in when those types of films were so popular. The image and those are something that has never been found in the Western cinema, at least in mainstream, and it all gets even more mind-blowing when some or more tabs for Westerners, including violence and perversions are witnessed by a child, are broken off These films are so often that reading the plotlines alone would make most viewers feel sick, and that's just fine for this movie too. The movie still has a rather interesting and creepy band of the tradition of Dr. Lamb's mention that practically started the whole boom in 1992. Usually the music and bands of HK film are interesting and add to prints especially in these horror films. Also the movie is worth mentioning as the movie baths, especially in the final, in blue colors and lens cameras (like killer, too), and the bad storm captures nicely on the camera. Otherwise there is nothing that would be the movie of any higher than the nastiness-master. <br /> <br /> The actors and actresses are talented and professional and so do not make the movie worse and act. Always the movie has the usual HK humor in it that makes the sick go-on even more sick as some "humor" is thrown into the soup. This includes some Danny Lee's jokes and so on. Something that can never be found in the "serious" Western movie either. And this thing usually destroys otherwise noticeable HK film like humor is just so obvious way and trying to entertain the audience and mass. The movie has a very incredibly high level as it has many scenes depicting abuse of Wong's wife in various ways. She gets raped and sick, beaten and driven by her husband. We also get to see some flashback from Wong's own children who turn out to be violent as his own father also killed and turns his son into what he is right now. These flashback scenes, especially at the end of the movie, include some totally unexpected experiences as the speed up imagery (for example, striking them in an ax) and creating completely crazy and mean spirited atmosphere in the scene. Again, something that HK operators seem to be able to come up with. The finish itself includes lots of sudden and shocking throats as diggers in its poster plate and also satisfy some nails, for example, on his fury. The film is also really nice "suspect" in my opinion as the violence and horror is realistically painful and dealing with things that should never be taken as entertainment, especially I mean rape. The version I saw (I saw two versions) includes a very long and completely runaway scene that just tries to be as sadistic as possible. I'm not sure that the HK audience really like such prints but I think there is not one with some sense of morality in the movie / entertainment never would accept or do something like it. Women get brutally and slaughtered in the most sadistic way and low so the fate of the men seems almost to be tame when compared to the brides. The other version I saw, the newly released DVD in HK (without subtitles) has this "brutality table" scene in a much longer form than the subtitled Taiwanese DVD which is otherwise identical to the HK version. I've also heard that the old HK Laserdisc is different from those two and since the end credit credits with scenes and images are not found in the current movie, it is impossible to say how "uncut" versions that have been released or show Theatrically. It was obvious that many feet had been cut out, possibly even before the release of the theater. The film was written by the Gam Fai Act and Lau Wing Kin, the former also wrote films such as Dr. Lamb, The Untold History and Gun (Kirk Wong, 1988) but from other films that I saw, thanks. Dr. Lamb and the countless story of both are very brutal and violent but there are also some attempts to criticize the authorities and men in general as to how it is easy to turn into a creature when chasing or fighting one. The torture image attack in the untold story, the victim of the criminal, is very strong and definitely has its impact changing something that can rot in society and among the police for example. But no one in this love is killed, it is just honest, calculated and fast doing exploitation that is, by the way, produced by a Kirk veteran director "Organized Crime & Triad Bureau (1993), Crime History (1993) "Wong! <br /> Love to Kill Earned by more than 2/10 in my hands as I do not have too high appreciation of this movie. (HK) Cinema means that they can and can be more and more like movie killings, only commercial parasites living among the real pieces of the art.
