"Run The Jumping & Stand Still Film" is not a movie like that, but it's a short set of clips and a funny slapstick theme. This movie has found Richard Lester acknowledged and paved the way for directing the Beatles' first film: 'A Hard Day Night'. Richard Lester led and wrote the music for his first film in 1959. This film was entitled to Run, Jump, and Stand Still Film .. He intended to be seen only by those who helped in his production .Since the film was designed to be seen by Lester and its partner alone, a small amount of money and the time has been invested.The salt problem in this film is entertainment, but the main reason for its existence is the fact that he served as an experiment in working the movie camera at cost 70 pounds to make, and was filmed in Sepia- Tonad stock movie in a garden on a couple of Sundays. All the films that were filmed were included in production to finish; The finished finish is eleven minutes in length. <br /> Run, jump, and stand Still Film is a comedy about English Sunday with the small hobbies that people have to pass the Tim. All events in this film take place in a field. A few of these funny events include a woman scrubbing a lawn, a man running around a tree stump with a needle to play a file, a photographer developing film in a pond, an artist helping to paint by the numbers on a figure The model, a man building a tent, an athlete running on the tent, with a duel between a man and a knife and a man with a gun. Not only the film is keen to enjoy the hobbies that people have to spend the time away, but it also pokes fun in English culture by comparing American culture. Another one of several events in this film includes a group of people with a kite, built from the flag of the United Kingdom. One of the men jumps inside the left while others try to fly it, and break to leave. According to Neil Sinyard, author of Films Richard Lester, this event symbolizes the United Kingdom as the youngest of power and technology when compared to the United States during space age. According to this stage, the British fly jumping primitive while the Americans, the world-powered after World War II, jumped to the highly advanced rocket space.
