There is nothing fresh, hip, or smart on this movie - liking it just to reveal an unaware of true art movies. How can you easily forget that the central fact of this movie is that these mean and the ugly people are. . . SERIAL kill! If they are to destroy the Gentiles so they "become a family again," then we do not want them to be "a family." Which part of you had to start typing? Why applaud this brutal? <br /> <br /> This funny misfortune is what you do if you can not do art! One's life & life must be deeply inferior to this viciousness error as "interesting." This is a camera without a brain. What really does an artwork is profundity, questioning the situation in a perspective informed by a knowledge of history (or, in this case, a knowledge of ANYTHING would be preferable!). Instead, this is just randomly blistering the ugliest images available in a world of meltdown, thanks to just the sort of legendary virtue glorified as "the reasons that cause it to so far AUG!"). These same violent events are actually happening, every day. They are not "just in the movie." They are referred to true souls soul who would do the same things in YOU. Do you want things to do for you? A child might think this up and ask zero imagination, not surealism. This lazy lazy has no content, he says nothing - it's just the worst of the evening news, & he says nothing new, nothing we do not already know. It's the "Emperor's new coat," the director hopes to have enough uneducated children, proud of the traces of inhumanity, for this sloppy flying garbage. I can see Miike's fond lunch fans now: dog-smoked teens-and-twenties drunks covered in tattoos, with metal hanging in hole holes in their face, their knowledge-bases overflow the proportional intelligence estimates at themselves. <br /> <There is no PLOT this - it's just absolute exploitation of shock-value violence. There is no "hidden meaning" anywhere in this movie hurt. It is fine to explore a movie to see if you can find cinema devices that invite artistic, but you can not uncover a hidden meaning if one does not THERE! To do this you need to see & review a REAL piece of movies. There are PLENTY outside, directed by Fellini, Bergman, Fassbinder, Herzog, Altman, Bunuel, Kurosawa, Lynch, Tarkovsky, Peter Greenaway, Tarantino, Guillermo del Toro, Richard Linklater, Eisenstein, Aronofsky, Gus van Sant, Soderbergh, Shyamalan, Ordet . Why do not you see a real art film does not like these great ones? This wholesaler, Miike, never made a movie equal to one of the geniuses I just listed because it just does not have the talent! Anyone could calm down some chaotic crap like "Visitors Q." Young people could throw it together in an afternoon! There is no message, no meaning, no scheme, nothing of it at all. There are long lists of ART films to learn from - but that "Visitors Q" is NOT an art film in any respect. It has no content in it. It's just one banal horror to pick up on another, and the point is to remember about these horrible crime is that things are happening, every single day, somewhere in the world. They are not OK because they are "just in the movie." They are referred to true souls soul who would do the same things in YOU. Do you want things to do for you? For others? Why? Because this world is already ugly enough, thanks to those who enjoy thinking about such horrible events. <br /> <br /> There are so many artworks sooooo out there to use your idea to deconstruct, but you are wasting your talent with this piece of crap. There is no deeper meaning. Nothing to analyze; why keep trying? I spent almost 40 years watching practically every movie ever made, and keeping up with all those new ones, but I never saw anything as disgustingly useless like this. It's not imaginative or even shocking, because these kinds of events happen every day all over the world. To make this movie, or even favorably reviewed, has caused more than 50 young airports who do not know any better to think it's "cool." They can grow thinking, convince others, some of them may end up doing things - convicted killers often reveal how they started out just this way, when they were desensitized in the horror of this recklessness that really was. Trust me on this, - I know cool, and cool this piece of crap PA. Visitor Q has the FEEL in a SNUFF movie theater, and I'm still not sure it's not, actually. <br /> <br /> Your actions have consequences, son. The world is awful enough already. Some violence such as this has happened to you, or the irresponsible social director who cranked out this Fake Art film. Believe me, you will not think it's "cool" when someone sees your skull in half!
