(BIG SPOILERS) I saw another Takashi Miike film, and that the audition was very disturbing and brutal, which was a test of Japanese ideals in femininity! The 'Q'-Visitor I think' Visitor Question 'means - it examines, in a very distracting way gross, family unit. Miike's successful vision of a dysfunctional family almost tries to be Lynchian in terms of confusion and film-making, but ultimately lacking the style and intrigue. We, the audience, are presented in a rare array of scenarios from the opening stage and the father's face (Kenichi Endo who was actually quite good) to pay for sex with his moving daughter (Fujiko). Then, as the father returns home, he hits the head by the "visitor" (Kazushi Watanabe) that is valuable to a great justice stone, and for some reason they both end up in the family home. The mother (Shungiku Uchida) is beaten and intimidated by his son (Jun Muto) who is also beaten and intimidated by his schoolmates. When the visitor enters the house, it's a bit ominous to establish himself as part of the unit. Eventually, the family begins to improve their relationships, with the visitor's assistance, breastfeeding, killing and maintaining a sense of family pride. <br /> And there are other crazy scenes that somehow bring the family closer together. It has humorous humor, but is equally frustratingly funny, and over-the-top of its etirdness. There is a necrophiliac scene that is utterly disgusting, but ends up being ridiculous as the scene progresses. In part because of the situation itself, and partly because you can not believe the filmmakers and the actors are actually doing so! The style of the film is poor to say the least, and the plot is stupid and unbelievably weak. The characters themselves all over the place, and while I understand this does not mean to be realistic, there is hardly any interest in these characters confronting with situations as all of their boundaries on the absurd! The camera-work is sloppy, and they do not have what cinemas feel that Lynch's work entails. It's hard to take this movie seriously on a surrealist level, or on an interpretation of examining the family unit of Japan. It just seems that Miike was out of shock, and the film looks like self-knowing that it's "trying" to be shocking, and it gets almost funny to be taken seriously. All in all, I would say that this movie is a bizarre black comedy, but it looks like feeling unprofessional, and it seems unnecessary to shock. Miike's film, Audition, has widened swinging between lousy thunder, character development and techniques-which has established more intrigue in the way the film has been manufactured to allow the viewer to become engrossed with the draw. 'Visitors Q' is a step down as it tries too hard to be outlandishly scarce and intentionally confront, without really having much to say in the process! <br /> <br /> ** from *****!
