I should say that this was a bit embarrassing for the 'King of the Cowboys'; made in 1948, the picture came out a decade after Roy Rogers' earlier photograph in which he had a beginner role. Roy's character comes as a little clueless in this one, with her girlfriend Jane Frazee co-star, which substitutes her allegiance between Roy and Robert Livingston, portrait of bad guy Bill Regan. The whole story seems kind of hurt, and missed opportunities for what could be a fun or fun hour. Like the legendary 'Hangman Hotel' for example, that tells the man to hang in midnight life. With Andy Devine at the cast as Bullfincher cookie, you'd think the story would get a small mile from that set up. Instead, you have some complicated procedures that would be best served if this was a boy boy boy. It was a sad attempt at a haunting hotel gadget that rely on poor Genevieve old, who truths said, wound up getting more time screens than triggered, who's contract as 'smartest horse in the movies' by There was nothing to say about getting upstaged by a mule. Then you have Foy Willing and his rider at the Sage Violet to replace Bob Nolan and the sons of the pioneers to interlude your music. I do not know about you but it's been halfway through the picture and I've been looking for Pat Brady - oh well! <br /> But there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking hard enough, and that turned out to be Roy's athletic Roy to trigger while still on the run from the bad guys. OK, it was probably a double stunt, but I did not see that one before in a couple of Westerners. Jane Frazee makes the honors as the female lead in this picture, as she would in four other films opposing Roy in the 1947/1948 time. In "Under California Stars", she appeared as Andy Devine's cousin, accordingly named Caroline Bullfincher. You are never quite convinced at what's going on in this story though, since it starts out pretending to be someone he is not, and wind up on good guy side almost does not crash. Fans of old Laurel and Hardy films might be astonished as I saw James Finlayson here as the sheriff in Sintown. I would like a little more comedy relief to write in his role, but he played it very straight after all. I needed to ask, when he was all over, why he and Old Vanderpool (Charle Coleman) wound up in the shaft and cookies when there was no reason for that to be. Just a way to close it out I guess, and about as much thought as coming into the rest of the picture. I hate being harsh, but if you've seen enough Roy Rogers flicks, you've got to know that this was not one of his minor efforts. <br /> Say, Sintown - I wonder if that's the same place that has grown to be Sin City?
