Although a movie with Bruce Willis is still worth watching, you better skip this one. I watched this on TV, so I did not have to drop cash for it. Lucky me. The draw develops slowly, very slowly. Although the first 30 minutes or so are quite credible, it becomes more and more incredible towards the end. It is very doubtful, if a seasoned soldier like Lt. Waters would disobey direct orders. And even if it would, if the rest of his platoon would. They know that he puts them in direct danger, and they know they will certainly die if they follow him, but what he is, he is our Lt, let's do what he says (despite the direct orders, remember). <br /> Still, there are some nice scenes in this movie. They are a bit saved a village, where the total population is being massacred by the rebels. Well, to save a dozen villages or so, the rest was already killed. The strange part of it, that they took the trucks that the rebels left behind. They rather go on foot. Perhaps because roads are not safe, but there was no explanation for it. Anyway. I think this was what earned the film at the one point I gave it. <br /> <br /> What made this movie a insult to the brain and hence quite incredible is that a group of 7 soldiers could kill many rebels without being hurt or killed themselves . Only near the end they released a few comrades. And that's just because they have to fight in an army of almost 500 or more. Can you believe that? <br /> They fight in a host of numbers, killing hundreds of them, and only loose some of their heads. And they have round and round ammunition. Never run out of it. The Grenades and Min miners, a M60 machine gun and even a RPG. Where to find this. Do it around or what? They even got a laptop that shows the activity of enemy rebels. Then the laptop has a battery that goes on for days. Really? Who thinks up this crap. <br /> I guess if you close your brain completely and accept that rebels are a bunch of idiots, you give this movie a high rating. If not, skip this one. It saves you time.
