Here are the matches. . . (Warning = adventures) <br /> <br /> Warriors (Ultimate Warriors, Texas Tornadoes and Legions of Doom) v Perfect Team (Mr. Perfect, Axis, Crush and Break Demolition): Ax is the first to go in seconds when the warrior jumps to the comb (4-3 adv. warrior). I knew Axe not a healthy person, but if he was unhealthy why bother him on the card? This would be his latest PPV. Eventually, both Legion of Bankruptcy and Demolition work out cheaply via double disqualification (2-1 adv. Warriors). Perfectly apply the perfect Plex on Texas Tornado for the PIN. He then try the same thing about Warrior but Warrior does not sell it and kicks off. Warriors come back with a perfect comb splash and become the sole survivor. 5/10 <br /> The Dream Team (Dusty Rhodes, Koko B Ware and The Hart Foundation of Million Dollar Team (Ted Dibiase, Mystery Partners and Rhythms and Blues): Mystery Partner is Undertaker and, on His First ', make a detachable impact at Koko straight away with the Tombstone (Monsoon still manages to say its correct height, weight and finish moves while pretend to not know who it is) to make it 4-3 at the Dibiase Team. The peak (3-3) and his career with the WWF are over. Shortly thereafter, he is Niedhart who falls victim to Dibiase with the help of Virgil (Dibiase 3 team.) Rhodes next to an undertaker Double Undertaker - Cut the top rope, but do not let slowly attack Love Fever .. Undertaker goes after Dusty and gets counted out despite being the legal person (2-1 adv. Dibiase to team) .. Almost right after, Greg gets caught up in a crib by Hart tries to put four leg-locked face on it and it is estimated He comes down to Hart v Dibia is and after a few minutes of beautiful wrestling, Bret becomes flesh-crossed by Dibiase for the comb. Dibiase is the sole survivor. At least hart is set to use good. 6/10 <br /> <br /> The Vipers (Jake 'Roberts Snake,' Superfly 'Jimmy Snuka and the Rockers) V Visionary (Martel' Model ', Warlord and Power and Glory): After spending some time In the ring, Marty Jannetty gets power slammed by Warlord as he comes to the top of the rope for the comb (4-3 adv. Visionary). Snuka gets estimated in seconds by Martel who reverses his body cross (4-2 adv. Visionary). Michelle gets into the Plex power and estimates by Roma (4-1 adv. Visionary). It is now Roberts versus four people resembling its surviving Series two years before. Despite Hitler's and DDT's attacks, Roberts gets out of chase after Martel. Visionary are the first team in Survivors' history to completely survive as one. Not much here worth looking to be honest as the psychology runs. Hulkamaniacs (Hogan Hug, Jim Duggan, Bigbossman and Tugboat) of Natural Disaster (Earthquake, Dino Bravo, Barber and Haku): A Slam Bossman eliminates Haku early at the end (4-3 Hulkamaniacs). Duggan gets 2 him by 4 out after Whacking earthquake and finds disqualified (3-3). Bravo committed suicide career shortly afterwards by allowing Hogan crib for the comb (3-2 adv. Hulkamaniacs). Earthquake managed to overcome Bossman and two seals for the pin shortly afterwards (2-2). Hogan gets battered and FINALLY tugboat gets a tag (who knew it was at this point?), It wrestles for about 30 seconds before counting out with earthquake. Only Hogan and Barbarians leave. Barber puts in some good offense but but inevitably gets caught in the big boot and drops to the pin. Hogan is the sole survivor. 4/10 <br /> The Alliance (Nikolai Volkoff, Tito Santana and Bushwhackers) v mercenaries (Sgt killers, Boris Zhukov and Orient Express): All Mercanaries were carrying camouflage face paintings. Lightning fast pins here with Santana pinning Zhukov in his latest PPV in seconds (4-3 adv. Alliance). There was not even a Bolshevik confrontation. The Bushwhackers hit Sato and Ram batteries though Tanaka was the legal man (4-2 adv. Alliance) and should be his latest appearance on WWF PPV as the Orient Express finds repackaged. Tanaka follows Sato when Santana stuns her and flew the forearm (4-1 adv. Alliance). Despite killing getting in the ring against four men, he eliminates Volkoff (which is career beyond), Butch and Luke in this order and relative ease. Eventually, Santana beat killed by disqualification when General Adnan hit him with Iraqi flag. In recent few interesting booking even though the match was awful. Santana takes up the angry victory as the sole survivor and gets his last-minute finale. 3/10 <br /> <br /> The egg hatch and it's Hector Guerrerro in a funny outfit. He dances with Gene Okerlund and gets booed by the crowd while Piper and Monsoon pretend to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> Match in Survival: Ultimate Warrior, Hogan Hulk and Tito Santana in Warlord, Power and Glory, Rick 'Model' Martel and 'Million Dollar Man Ted Dibiase: Just Simply Another Catalog of Eliminator Santana Bowl Warlord in seconds and flying athletics at least fired before Summerslam defeats (4-3 adv. Dibiase to team). Substitute Santana Warsaw afterwards for the comb (4-2 adv. Dibiase Team). Hogan kicks out of Plex's power and amount to Roma Roma after a line dress, effectively killing Power Power and the Glory (Team 3 Dibiase 3). Hogan eliminated Martel does not count-out with Dibiase and the leg of the comb's leg (Hogan's 2-1 team). Hogan finally allowed the warrior to the game that quickly drove into ancient Hercules heres after a splash. A very predictable ending at the point of drug. 2/10 <br /> <br /> Overall, too many and too little matches obviously had a detrimental effect as the wrists were almost waiting on a conveyor belt to be estimated. Most of the heels are desecrated by Warrior and Hogan who are a poor way to handle a great list of wrists.
