This one was injured by potentially big matches that were very short cuts. The opening match was a waste of the Legion of the Curse, but I guess the only way they could be eliminated by demolition was a double-dQ. Otherwise, perfect men should wear in overtime. Kerry von Erich, the I-C champ, was wasted here. And then the third PPV was in a perfect placement place. Remember, before he never lost a match. <br /> <br /> The second match was very good, perhaps the best of the night. Ted DiBiase and Undertaker were excellent, while Jim Neidhart had one of her own, pinning Honky Tonk Man. Koko B. Ware continued his tradition was the first to put on a new heel (remember the Big Bossman and Yokozuna?). This was a foretaste of Bret Hart's single career, as it turned out to be two-on-one and almost survive the match. He and DiBiase put on a literary clinic, making us forget that points in the match were DiBiase's boring foliage and Dusty Rhodes. Even though the visionaries were the first team to have all its members survived (and only the second since '87 has four survivors), this match was not a squash. This was the longest match with the night, and Jake made a repeat of his '88 performance when he was alone against four men and dominated. I think he could actually pull on a mad. These days, the match would have ended the other way around. One of the shorter SS matches was still also one of her most surprising. Perhaps the most wrestler wrestler ever, Tito Santana was inspirational wrèstler in the night, wearing war paintings and pinning Boris Zukhov, Tanaka, and even the Warlord in the final match survival. It was so strange to see her put on it unmanageably, then going right back into his mediocre career. Sgt. Kill also did well, get rid of Volkoff and the Bushwhackers, but that's just not a surprise. Tito te. <br /> I think the only point in the survival match was Hogan and the winner wins together at the end. <br /> <br /> This show was boring and the matches were too short. The first Undertaker was cool, but Tito Santana is the reason I'll remember this one.
