Amy Poehler and Rachel Dratch are among the funnier women being on "Saturday Night Live". It's the unfortunate that, along with Tina Fey and Maya Rudolph, were on SNL during the longest stretch of sketch-making and sketch-making (up to 2002-2006) show that ever had. Still, these two women most especially know what's funny, and they know how to write a funny movie. <br /> You will notice in this movie credit that Dratch and director Ryan Shiraki wrote the story for "Spring Breakdown", but who writes the current movie, including dialogue and everything else to fill-in-loop who makes a story of a multidimensional film? Yes, just Shiraki. Just a guy wrote the dialogue for this movie, and no women have written the script with him. The result is a very bright spring break movie that is not so much the parody holiday faux as much as exploiting it equally as much as MTV does annually. <br /> <br /> If Dratch, Poehler, and even co-star Parker Posey could contribute the scriptures to the scenario, it would have been far less cliché. The first is original, about three thirty-something women who were unpopular in high school (and apparently college, too) who never had the fun fun spring trip they had allegedly dreamed about. I say "supposedly" because you never know what fun are these characters. They went into the talent show in the past time by singing renowned pro-female entrants like "True Color", and lodging together holding your make-your-own-pizza parties. Even though none of them are especially unattractive, the outside world looks like they are. There's a scene where a blind student in the Poehler (played by Poehler's real life life of Will Arnett) asked him out on a date, only to touch his face, and immediately changed his mind. If Poehler's character is supposed to be unattractive, they obviously hire the actress wrongfully. The movie continues to show promise, even though we doubt our main characters, when the boss Posey, Homer's Home Senator Bee Hartmann (Jane Lynch, funny as always) Posey's employees look at her popular daughter in college of age (Amber Tamblyn, playing yet another woman who attracts in real life, but not in the eyes of any character of this movie) while she goes to a Laguna vacation spot Beach-like for Break Spring. Poehler and Dratch come along, and reluctance to get boozed up, such parties apparently should have been when they were in college, and then came the ultimate confrontation with the lead sorority bitch by Sophie Monk. An incredibly attractive woman with a body of both men and women would be killed for different reasons. Unfortunately, his film career goes on a rough and abominable start of unfunny "Movie Movie" (2006) and the impressive "Click" (2006). Here she plays a South Belle, although her voice sounds like she steals Delta Burke's voice box. She hams her up a little too much, trying too hard to play a bitch brun that he comes on as much as a cartoon of colorful kids spoiled as the rest of the extras. <br /> <br /> "Spring Break" released straight to DVD despite the star power of Amy Poehler, but this is because the story is also a cliche. It may as well be called the "Spring Spring National Lamp Lamp", and the magazine probably would not have sued for trademark infringement because of the free advertisement. If Shiraki director gave at least one creative opinion woman, especially Rachel Dratch, this movie was great and not as the run-of-the-mill as frat-house trading we had seen before. I know Dratch will come up with another funny concept, and hopefully be allowed to fill in the rest of the scenario itself. It's funny enough, and she deserves better than this half-baked comedy that would accept Stiffler's brother and open arms.
