Another great star thrown, another glamor series, another reputed director, another flick of films filled with the song that featured on the board board, but Ay what is missing at the end of the day is a story that every Movies expect to come from such a big budget movement picture. So much hype is what has been lurking around the movie before it's got 'premiere carpet premiere. A hype goes to an extent where Anil Kapoor envisages that the film should be one of the finest favorite stories ever made after Dulwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge. Well Anilji, what movie did you talk about? Well the plot of the film is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, which have a different position different towards life, but despite their different approaches to life they all have one common problem, that's LOVE. Well really a reader theme. But little we had hoped that the film would be like boredom that it will let down expectations of the recent audience would have come from such a multistarrer film. These are kind movies that I totally tie because after spending a buck for a multiplex ticket I get close to the theater for 4 hours just waiting to agony for the climax. <br /> <br /> The problem starts right from the start. The director becomes so confused with the plot that somewhere he gets baffled as how to share the time place six six different stars. Some of the couples like Anil Kapoor-Juhi and Sohail Khan (any girl who oppose him) just makes no sense for their existence in the movie. Salman (who calls himself ambitious in a strange way for the movie all .. Well something like Rahoooooool) again as usual tries to be extra cool and accentuates his Videsi Hindi accent. Hey Sallu Bhai, now that Aish is married, at least to get some tip from Abhishek to improve your acting ability. A simple striptease would not make films in a box office hit each time. And Anilji suspended your beard or trade mark or you look totally like a eunuch. And smooching a girl in your daughter's age just looks as uncool as she watches Jack Nicholson in a romantic movie. And please Nikhilji avoid putting these unseen scenes to a movie that is totally not needed for the shot. <br /> <br /> The second most significant flaw in the movie was that there was no perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. Each story itself seems that if it is taken from different flicks, put together to form a sadistic draw in Salaam-E-Ishq. Bollywood still has to learn a lot of movies like Snatch, Mentire where the director knows the perfect art of filing the different sequences related to forming a perfect mixing storyline. <br /> Somewhere while I've evaluated the pre-release movie review someone predicted that the movie would not do good because the title of this movie adds up to the number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in numerology. But I totally take up my mind when it says the film is weakening by causing damage to its numerology, but because of the myriads of defects that persist in the movie. But when directors such as Nikhil Advani can make the big blunders of the entire scenario of the movie, any amazing would not have saved the movie from the Box Office bombing. <br /> <br /> My suggestion for all that you guy is, please avoid watching this movie at any cost. It is not worth a bag that you pay for the ticket. There are indeed good movies on current theater screens that are worth more than Salaam-E-Ishq.
