Six for the price of one! So it is a time bonanza for Cinegoers. Is not it? Here it is not one, not two, but all SIX-loving stories, a cast of buttocks in the top stars of bollywood, plus all stories in the genre of your favorite director Johar, Bhansali, Chopra et al. You will find to see every kind of damn in love story that you have enjoyed or rather tolerated for years now. So there is no big deal for you. Do you need anything more than that? No man, thank you. Why are you guys? Enough enough. Please supply us. They have signed all the stars themselves that they have signed, if necessary or not, to complete a circus of stars, believe it or not. Too Many People Everything described here is exactly as prescribed in Bollywood books in romance. Plus you must justify the lengths of each story, as each has the stars. Therefore, it's been too long-three hours longer. The gags are filmy. The movie characters. Problems, barriers, situations, resolutions ?? Yes you guessed it right, again ?? movie-tried and tested. Even hundreds of dancers dance in colorful backgrounds in background. Why Do They Have No Other Works? All couples tend to be sweet-style, fashion stories, perfect photos. All are good looking. Every beginning story in a perfect way and therefore should also end in which way impossible to perfect? Too bad. You can not connect to a single story. Here you have everything that you already see one million times. Bloody fake, real, normal storyteller is considered normal for more than a hundred years since the evolution of this American cinema. What is a mockery of sensitivity to hearing today? Yes he might have been working as an imitation if he just pays tribute to love story of happening again, but ay even does not explore. At least, Director Nikhil Advani should try one original story, undermining love, but then what will happen to the tradition living up to the mark of bollwood commercial bollwood brigade? Oh! Someone has to carry on, no. Imagine about one audience but find it hard to sit in a love story like and here we have six times the pain. I mean six muddy stories. I mean double pleasure in the Mohabbatein Chopra (Year 2000) At this age and time, find something real, guy. We are now desperate to see some people not so colorful and not so bright story Oh, What did you say just now - come on, that is entertainment. My advice, please do not waste your time now to read these reviews. Going instead, there are some more fun! Thanks.
