I never read Roman Gary Paulsen, Hatchet, for that 'a weeping in the pasture' is the adaptation, so I can not make any comparison of the book. I'll, however, say that as a movie about its own, adaptation or no adaptation, it was an underdeveloped adventure that does not give greater explanation of its few characters. <br /> <br /> Think of a 'weeping in the wild' as a little luxurious, young mountaineer (was Quincy, California where the only place was filmed?) the version went off. 'Jared Rushton is 13-year-old Brian Roebson, a kid headed over a tiny plane to his father, until craft crash on some desert terrain, leaving the kid locked up for quite a while and has to defend himself li. > <br /> There are basically three parts in the movie. The obvious were ten or fifteen minute introductions of the characters, namely Brian and his mother. The third next film (which really consumes almost all the movie) that is in Brian "stirring it." These scenes have no particularly amazing action, nothing spectacular than many beautiful scenes in a beautiful Yukon landscape. There is nothing to put you on edge, no real encounters (except a brisk confrontation with a kid), and there is no important dilemmas to start some sort of fun or connection to the character on the screen. You might even feel momentarily bored with the passage of time as we witness Brian to cope with her situation at first, primitive, and then more improved (using tools, etc.) to survive. It is much more like the ordinary time than if you were actually stuck in the situation, and that's pretty much about it. In other words, they do not put any meat on Paulsen's words when they are translated into a visual media. And, of course, the third part of the film is his relief. /> There is a subplot that continuously seeks to make itself known during this time, however. There are some conflicts between Brian and his parents who have created a rocky link, between them. However, for the most part, it is only explained in brief, intermittent, minimum flagsback dialog that looks more like a back story for a music video. Any minute, the singer from Jefferson is friendly, should be the sonnet of a song starring 'Sarah.' Other that the viewer can draw from the implications, or guessing for its own needs filling the gaps in the narrative, we find a very unpublished back story that was probably necessary to enjoy at least part of this movie and Creating a connection to character, whether it really had nothing to do with Brian's survival adventure in the third part of the movie. These are the flaws in the narrative of the viewer's in a stupor as it was struggling to find out which exceptions those who are on the screen are doing and, for me, almost done at the point of screaming on TV say something and tell me more! <br /> <br /> It certainly was not, for me, a good adventure story. But for fans of Jared Rushton, it was one of the few recent cinemas he did. So look it purely for nostalgia, if nothing else.
