Who are these "Yo" - the actors? the filmmakers? Certainly would not be the audience - this is among the most air-pervasive productions of existence. It's kind of movie that looks like a lot of fun to shoot ?? For much fun, nobody is getting any current job done, and that almost always makes for a movie that does not have fun to look. <br /> <br /> Ritter dons glasses so as to characterize his character's hammer home as a sort of doppleganger in the spectacular Bogdanovich; Scene and Strate Ms. Strates are sweet, but there's a nasty, look-guys-I'm-date-prom-queen feeling. Ben Gazzara sports her usual cat's-got-canary grin in a futile attempt to elevate the lean conspiracy, requiring him to pursue Audrey Hepburn with all the interest in a narcolepsy at a insomnia clinic. In the meantime, the respective children of the burning children (nepotism alert: daughter Bogdanovich) spew beautifully and picked up some fairly disturbing point of 'love' while observing parents. (Ms. Hepburn, drawing on her dignity, manages to rise above the procedures - but she has the monumental challenge to play herself, officially.) Everyone looks great, but so what? It's a movie and we can expect so much, if that's what you are looking for would be the best of picking up a vogue. Oh-and he must have mentioned that Colleen Camp quite annoyed, even apart from his songs, which, while competent, is utterly compelling ... The land and west numbers are mischievously mismatched and the standards on the soundtrack. Surely this is not Gershwin (who wrote the song from which the movie titled Out) was in mind; Her musicals musicals in the 20 cases were slight, but at least they were long on charm. "They laughed" to try their best intentions, but none the least of all Peter Bogdanovich - has the good sense of putting on the brakes. Because of the small part of the tragic death of Dorothy Stratten, this movie has a special place in the heart of Mr. Bogdanovich - he even bought it back from its producer, distributing it on its own and going bankrupt when it did not prove popular. His rise and fall is among the most sympathetic and tragic in Hollywood history, so there's no joy in criticizing the movie ... there are _is_ real emotional investments in Mrs. Stratten's scene. But "Laughed" is a bathing echo of "The Last Show," "Moon Paper" or "What's Up, Doc" - these "Daisy Miller" and "In Long Last Love", it was a confirmation fantastic in the phase from which PB has never appeared. <br /> At all, though, the film is harmless, only a waste of lease. I want to look at people who have a good time, I'll go to the park on a sunny day. For the expression of joy and love, I will stick to Ernest Lubitsch and Jaques Demy.
