The problems with Sahlam-e-Ishq Nikhil Advani are numerous. A single concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in a French movie earlier - love actually) went terribly wrong thanks to writing inept and deep. A well-intentioned idea to smash smithereens under the weight of its own gigantly ambitions. A director so completely besotted by his own very first movie stick goes further with the devices that worked in his earlier movie (Kal Ho Na Ho) - try to count the number of times the device in the split screen is used in this flicker movie. The problem is - that worked fabulously at Kal Ho Na Ho was emotionally excessive at the movie-film Karan Johar, but here, 'emotions' do not quite favor us with its appearance on the screen - no , not even kursorily. The writer / director tells us 'six relationships with one common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the 'emotion'? A 'Tribute to Love' sense of emotions? And one that goes on them and on and over ...... Nearly, it just can not work! <br /> In my opinion, the basic requirement for a Portmanteau film like this work is that not only every individual story should be 'complete', it should - in some ways or the other - follow the graph Traditional three-acting structure (Screenwriting Screen, Syd Field Paradigm). That's the real reason why Salaam-e-Ishq did not work for me. None of the stories had any depth or roller coaster roller in emotional ups and downs one expected in mainstream Hindi movies. Also, the link between some of the stories seemed very wrong and very compelling. It is not clear what Salman Khan is doing at Ayesha Takia's wedding. If she had to be present at the wedding scene for a clean-up wrap, why not summon a few more coincidences and bring two other couples to the wedding? That might be neater. <br /> But yes, some of the stories had a lot of promises. For one, the story of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla tries to address a very real-world crisis situation, but its travels are so linear that you will be wondering if it's really a problem. Similarly, the problem of commitment to the Akshaye Khanna-Ayesha Takia story is also true in life. If only it has developed a little better. I felt that the most promising stories of this mish-mach were said to be the male point of view, which is fine, but it brings down the emotional quotation of these stories because the female characters - Juhee Chawla and Ayesh Takia Particularly - they are all in depth in a half-bath tub. Is not this movie supposed to be '12 different lives'? Now the actors. John Abraham still needs to learn to act, while Vidya Balan is dependable and endearing as ever. Anil Kapoor gets a writing role just for him, but sometimes overplays the boredom of his character. Since she did not find a violent character in show, Juhee Chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover up for her. Akshaye Khanna is ami despite being a submarine trifle in a few scenes. Ayesha Takia has nothing to do, but he reminds us that she is the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in Dor. Govinda tries to make great mistakes called Bhagam Bhag, and he succeeds in making a great deal of limitations. <br /> What brings me the most disappointing track of the movie (which unforgettably ends up hogging the maximum screen time) - Salman Khan and Priyanka Chopra. The track is disappointing especially because of them. But I must credit them for their consistency. They are always BAD all in the movie. Priyanka could well be the next queen of Hamming - I do not buy the crap that her role (that's an 'article girl') asking her to act on the top. Someone should say the difference between being flamboyant because the character asked him, and downright hamming. If you've seen Rakhi Sawant (which seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in his interview with Bigg Boss you will know what I mean. I strongly feel that if Nikhil Advani took Rakhi Sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like Priyanka, the story would have worked best. Salman Khan's Salman Acceptor is ..... well, Hindi Shannon Esra is less accent by Salman. <br /> <br /> To be just the director, she managed to add some good manual directions to the movie. I particularly enjoy the use of gray as the dominant color of Anil Kapoor-Juhee Chawla's story as a metaphor for boring existence, with the bright colors that enter the story and reach the other woman. But does anyone choose to paint the houses of various types, the color depressions of gray? This cinematic acceptance license I would say. But when the movie runs almost for 4 hours, it almost feels like the director tries too hard to give the audience a glimpse of 'touching' him in an endless montage of the uninspiring sequence. <br /> <br /> Maybe Nikhil Advani wants us to sit in the theater for as long as possible humanity is possible, so be it.
