This is a sad movie made for sad people. I sat in the theater tearing my hair apart, wanting to break my seat in front of me as the film strewn out a rehabilitation scene-induced after another. But there were those roaring and laughing behind me, which made me wonder what kind of movie people to watch watching actually enjoy this horse-s ** t. Nikkhil Advani has six stories with no draws and no interesting characters. Simply is dull, probably he was drinking when he wrote this movie. There is no strong hold on any of these stories. There is nothing new, nothing to keep the audience and full of dialogue that you would hear a million times before. One of the stories about this couple could not be sex because of disaster disaster taking place every time they want to do it. I mean seriously is this story really necessary? It's not funny, not creative but only proves that Advani has no sense of comedy. Another of the stories (which was probably the only story I was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and that too end up in a lingerie-old-saty-savvy party-parmeshwar crap. I have no idea what the plot of Salmaan-Priyanka was all about. There was no problem in the plot for it to be a plot. He can not take Karan Johar's movie because he has married Salmaan ?? Why can not he get married and still take the movie ?? or Advani and Priyanaka just want to prove the world that it is in fact true that female cant actors are successful if they marry or that they should not act in film once they marry ?? With six actors in the film obviously Advani cant produces the entire movie alone. So it does all the use of supporters like The Times Group, without promoting the Filmfare Magazine. And also some jewelry brands that women in the movie absolutely seem to worship !! I come to IMDb to give it the worst rating and I'm shocked to see the praise's movie posts. She just goes to show the sad state of Bollywood and how star hits the fans. With fans like these, movies like Salaam E Ishq will continue to do and worsen probably have a hit.
