I'm a big fan of Ludlum's work, and in the Covert-one books, and I've often thought how incredible should be made in a movie. Imagine my excitement, then, about learning that such a movie actually existed! The 'Hades Factors' being the first in the series seemed somewhat obvious to begin. <br /> From the start the movie was disappointing. Simple elements of the movie like Griffin's first and Smith meetings are unusually different from the book, and much less exhilarating. Several characters are poorly cast, too. For starters Dorff is worried as Smith. Not a bad actor, just an extremely bad choice as it is far too soft, and failed to show much of the definite features of John Smith. <br /> <br /> Re-naming, re-placement and even forgetting of certain characters further degrades this movie. For example the removal of Victor Tremont and the entire back-story of the virus, including the involvement of VAXHAM makes the whole point in the movie a bit dangerous. Marty Zellerbach is a very large part of the book, and in the chair it takes a lot of a back seat (not to mention that the character character shares nothing in common with the character of the book) is another big mistake. <br /> Rachel Russel is presumably assumed to be Randi Russel in the book. Not only does she suspect Sophie Amsden (she should call Sophia Russel) but she also supposed to work at the CIA, PA "Covert-one". Which brings me to my final point, and I think one of the most important. COVER-ONE does not even exist at this point! Not until the second book of the series is Covert-One invited by the president as a preventive measure against more biological terrorism. <br /> <br /> To be honest I could go all day. In short - if you love the books and want to see a good adaptation, I'm afraid you will become ashamed. As a movie action it is quite average, especially due to the many lack of bright-ness correction and the poor effects. Line in bumbled and mat-as-holes-water scroll to the final nails in the very cheap casket of this movie.
