As expected, a Mazursky film made in the 70s should be counter-culture, sympathetic towards the hippies - and have a lot of hippies in it - and, of course, it is embarrassing anti-authoritarian (eg the scene on the bordering Mexican, when Sutherland provoked a customs officer by showing little respect and then accused the latter to make him open his luggage only because he (Sutherland) had long hair). Usually the left side could have come up with my nerves not prepared in advance; Sutherland muse with his family and friends about potential film ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are either black or Indian (unusually said, he would welcome and open arms in Hollywood today). One of her film ideas is about a black uprising in Beverly Hills - a war race, so to speak, in the midst of LA .. This is kind of nonsense that Mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his movies . Fortunately, some of Sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this black-revolutionary pinch, and the resulting dialogue is not bad; a little later, the Jewish guy makes a crack on Sutherland make a movie about "masturbation with the black matter", when the latter begins to talk about masturbation. Another strange moment is when Sutherland's older daughter makes some crap PCs on stage and white school-mates, and they all say, "We're black people in the Republic of South Africa ...". There is still a certain amount of self-indulgence when Hollywood makes a movie about Hollywood - especially when it's Hollywood to make a Hollywood movie to discuss Hollywood doing movies. Now, this very, very self-indulgent, indeed. The scene with Fellini (playing himself) is much more fun than annoying, though. Mazursky launches the standard flower and anti-Vietnam cheats children in the soup, and also pokes the pleasure of Hollywood, but it was just as much a part of the Hollywood Hollywood (lyrics of that song of the surreal war segment) as anyone else; I am very assured that he, too, does particularly small-speak in the Beverly Hills parties and grins fakily while shaking hands who he either does not know or love, but whose money he wants seriously for his next ( left wing) project. As for her hair: she has the worst hair I've seen in a very long time (on film or elsewhere); It's sort of like the type of hair long that a middle-aged accountant would have been if it had grown long. The movie remained relatively interesting in spite of its aimlessness, but it bog down a bit of Buddha in the last third. If you would like to read my parody / biography Donald Sutherland (and other Hollywood actors), contact me by e-mail.
