The movie-made-for-television movie concept is ludikrous beyond words, but hey, it was late 1970's and literally all the stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable, so why not exploit the idea of ​​a dog satanically own? The plot of "Devil Dog" is unlikely to describe fans of the horror genre: simply think of the "omen" and replace the newborn baby with a niche in German Shepard pups! Seriously, I'm not kidding, that's the movie is over! During the opening sequence, members of some types of satan purchased a female dog in heat only to have it impregnated by Satan himself. You would think that the Lord of Darkness has other things about himself than being fornicated with a German Shepard and taking over the world one evil puppy at the time, but apparently not. Exactly like Little Damien in the "Omnia", one of the puppies taken in by model families and is growing up to becoming a beautiful and charismatic creature. But Lucky ?? this dog's name ?? That's wrong worse and liquidated neighbors to harass and to school teachers in the derivative and tamely executed way. He also influenced his unfortunate character on the family wife and children, but he can not force the father (Richard Crenna) to stick his arms into a lawn because it is a "pick one". The whole thing becomes too moan for words when Crenna eventually travels to Ecuador to search for an ancient wall paint and get tips from an old English-speaking witchdoctor. I guess she learned that living in isolation above a hill all her life. Director Curtis Harrington ("What's the problem with Helen", "Ruby") and lead actor Richard Crenna ("wait until dark," the "evil") desperately trying to create a suspicious and mysterious atmosphere, but all is in vain. Scenes like beautiful eye puppy naturally set fire to a Spanish maid or a dog dodging bullets without even moving sushi chuckles instead of frights, and not even spooky music tunes may be lucky. The "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end when the Satan-dog mutates in a cheesy net on the wall. "Devil Dog" is a really dumb movie, but it's definitely hilarious to look late at night with some friends and loads of liquor. There are knives of Martine Beswick ("Dr. Jekyll and Sister Hyde") as the queen heads up with R.G. Armstrong (The "Car", the "Package") as the fruit, vegetable and puppy seller. And, yes, the girl who bothers is the same kid who blows on complaining about ice cream in the Carpenter's "Caution 13" Caution.
