You all know the story of "Hamlet". I do. <br /> Well, "Do not be the" phrase (not the talk of himself) that was beaten to the ground many times that it is not very interesting (in fact, it was not great to begin with). In fact, I find "Hamlet" a good but vastly tough game. It is not even the best Shakespeare: "Julius Caesar" and "Romeo & Juliet" are ten times better, and "Midsummer Dreams Night" and "Othello" are not too far behind. "Macbeth (hit your table, in his drawer, pucks will make compensation, OW!)" It's not wrong either. There are many other people better than this by Shakespeare. <br /> I will not really comment too much on the movie instead I will dissect the extreme terrible MST3K episode. Okay. . . Mike and the Bots have a card game, get to choose the movie. . . they ask for "Hamlet", Pearl sends this, yadda yadda yadda. . . and preparing for the most boring sci-fi episode of MST3K ever (admittedly, I have not seen any of the CC Ons). While "without water at Dr Z" does look at this horrible spice, because it is not really a movie, rather random, spliced-along scene (I recall Mike's line from "Future War": "Maybe this is an antology of short, plotless cinema "), the SOL crew received many of the good good ones. Can not say the same thing here. The riffs fall flat, the usual segments (usually the usual) are the best mediocre, and when the movie itself (which is not bad) is actually much earlier (I mean, as a quality movie, not like camp , like "Prince of Space") than the MST3K version of it, you know the show must be bad. I laughed (last time I saw it was several months ago), oh, maybe eight or nine times at all. I tried and tried and sad to be entertained - but I just could not. Only the occasional line, like "Queen Dilbert's boss!" (and then the funnel line of the episode, well, ahem) - and not casual, I mean every ten minutes or so - maybe I even chuckle. The second time I tried to watch her, I did not even laugh at the few jokes I'd find funny before, and simply abandoned forty minutes earlier. The film is not terrible; it's just a German version of Hamlet. The actors are good enough, and even though the duplication is not the greatest, it's not in itself a reason to hate this movie. <br /> <br /> Four stars for "Hamlet"; Three, yes, THREE for the version of MST3K. <br /> PS: why why, MST3K!
