*** SPOILERS *** With a family gathering and end-user Christopher Dean, John Carradine, hearing his latest will and God's dealings get a bit of a surprise from Dean's fortune, some 140 million dollar. The money is to be divided between them but only after successfully spending a week at Dean's castle. It seemed to have been a mix-up in the story when we later found that it really is an overnight sleepover, not a weekly vacation, to the castle for guests to qualify for the Dean's money since almost everyone ends up dying by sunrise. br> <br /> The first victim of the Dean cursing has nothing at all to do with getting money from Christopher Dean's estate, Dan Garcia's sheriff, Rodolfo Acosta. Acosta has itself cut into fridge and then served on a charger in a shocked group of guests. Later that evening Little Chin and Laura, Jeff Morrow & Mary Anders, little pet pigs found dead outside floating in the pond. The film has all the inhabitants of Dean Mansion being taken off one by one until it reveals that the killer really. We then have what seems to be a double-twist of the story where the original killer suddenly kills along with the last two remaining guests. The real assassin ends up not only getting all the loot, 140 million, but then finishing no cracked and his accomplice does not do it, or he, does not give him a poisonous poison cookie him on the spot. br> <br /> Nonsensical who makes it, and haunted houses, films and a cast of these immoral and inaccurate characters that even a mother, much less audience, would have simple problems. There's everything you can possibly think of in the movement involving the selective guests including S & M sadism incursions and of course double-faced and back-knotted by even counting killing. You just could not care less who the guests continue to live collecting Dean's fortune at the end of the movie hoping for hope then none of them does. <br /> Even the big surprise at the end is not really that much of a surprise since the killer's identity is released and the movie-maker has forgotten to keep his face in the shadows so you actually see who it is before he reveals himself! We then have a draw-twist that eliminates the killer and a number of guest guests just to make the movie a little more confusing then it is already there. The final draw-twist, which you can see from up to ten miles away, was just to show how cleverly the very obvious assassin was to deceive almost nobody watching the movie.
