I rent the video of "The piano teacher" knows nothing about it other than what has been written about video boxes. I did this with some trampoline because the movie premiums in Cannes are usually very good or very bad. Unfortunately, this one falls into the milk category. Approximately a quarter of the way in it I find myself shouting, "This movie is boring." Approximately half way across I said to myself, "Where did I see this before?" In my three quarters I calculated it out. In spite of its literary origin, this film is essentially a remake of Robert Altman much earlier (1969), and better, "That Day Cold in the Park." Although the details are obviously different from Altman's work more drawn-drive and less of a character study, the two films are thermal identical. There is nothing "new" to be seen in this production. Each aspect he did before: a spiral character from increasingly destructive behaviors and behaviors (Abel Ferrara's "bad lyete" 1992); a 'bad' bad 'and' sentenced to a scene of death surgery (near) (David M. Butterfly "M. Butterfly" 1993); uncommonly brutal sex scene (David Lynch's "Blue Velvet" 1986); and so on. Therefore, I am tired of the fact that many have found the movie to be "shocking," "crushed," etc. This very derivative film seems to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel comfortable, and clearly succeeding some. However, I largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of movie-watching experience. Watch enough movies and you really will, eventually, have seen it all. And while it's true that I've seen the 'R-rated' version shipped, I doubt that the extra scenes would change my overall opinion to "The Piano Teacher." Technically, the film is not merit. Some good camera work and lighting are excellent. Isabelle Huppert's credit performance also helps save her from a waste of time. This is the first of Haneke's films that I've seen, and if I've seen more I hope I would have the same opinion in him that I have in Ferrara: an interesting director, but not nearly the genius of others him out to be. Rating: 4/10.
