I rent this shortly after renting Ben Stein to "expel" and think it would be interesting to compare them. Before I go further, it seems only just that I point out the following for a reader to see if I'm prejudiced or not. I'm trying to be objective, for the file. <br /> I tend to enjoy the HBO Maher show now and then even though I rarely think it is the source of humor. I do not really care to stand-up it either. But he did some good points on the show now and again, and I loved politically incorrect, though he was always fairly politically correct (which I consider a negative because of the many orwellian terms or at least fascist). As for my religious opinion, I will say for the sake of simplicity that I am a non-denominator. Christian and some opinions are objectivists and some that agnostic mix in. What they say, this is a bad "documentary" for reasons that have not been touched on yet by many reviews - though they are also valid. The reason it does not convince is not only that it discusses the main point without leaving others speaking (and points it nail down to anything logic either, it just "come on, really?" Which is not a point, just a Ask David Hume if you want a decent argument.) The reason this is not to convince lies in his lack of expert on the subject. I saw this about 2 months ago and I only remember him speaking to one who has qualifications as a professionally mentioned if he was not a clergyman. There are probably hundreds of scientists or at least teachers and Masters or Doctors wanting to do a bit of verbal verbalism, particularly in the fields of History, Anthropology or an Army of others. <br /> <br /> If one compares this Ben was "expelled: No intelligence" it will find that Stone interview about 30 credited teachers, professionals, churches, etc. It does this with a variety of different sources and backgrounds. He also makes a point in his film about freedom of thought and education. Maher could easily have revealed bad things that had been committed by theocratic rule for centuries or that persecution. Instead it idiotically refers to the exclusivity regime of the 20th century as evidence why secularists need more socio-political power !!!! (it's the bonus features where he stood in front of Anne Frank the house I think.) This is a real Orwellian self-tour. It blames Christianity in particular over many useless deaths - which has its part, though far smaller than most !! - without even having a basic view of the evidence. Perhaps this is because this argument is dwarfed by miserable human human records in the 20th century ALONE. Another blatant weakness is its unwillingness to talk to anyone who should be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. And he took the cattle of the flock; How difficult is that? How to prove the existence of exceptions to move toward denying the general rule? It does not. Wow, so do the people think out of the norm? How enlightened know this. Great job Maher! Again, it might be easy to interview someone like Laurence Vance and include his work on refuting the idea of ​​"patriotic duty" that demanded a person to fight in any war his country is involved. That's just not funny here. Some of the clips are covered by "smart" from the context / way that irreverence can garner a laugh, but especially the works illustrate how a real context argument from Maher will not be forthcoming, much less convincing. He spends most of his time bashing Christians, spotting blunders, and interrogating rogue groups that he does not allow them to really answer his questions. For the record, there are good questions honestly asked in as religious and many should ask themselves. It touches on almost none of these. I found the feeling that I could answer the best of most questioning him than the people he had interviewed, but the whole thing reeks into pile-stacked in terms of what included and that was edited out.
