I was a fan of everything Bill Maher for 15 years but this movie was disappointing and in disgusting times. Of course, I Catholic, from a well-educated family and attends church in my own election, which probably puts me to finish with quite a few of the bill's views. <br /> <br /> Bill's issue is that it proposes that the religion is even negative. It is correct to document its sociological association ie one faith builds its holidays on top of another and that many wars have begun because of religion (or, more accurately, does not appeal to men in the ultimate and contested by God), but it was said that it never appeared in its positive side. Quite frankly, I think that hell would freeze before Bill would ever submit himself and travel to the slums in Calcutta where Mother Theresa spent his life working and poorer in the poor. He died right now, but he could easily visit the Jesuit priest in East East who runs Homeboy Industries, who works with young men typically with gangs and prisons to teach their career skills, get tattoos removed, and become responsible members in the corporation, or he could visit the USC Institute for Advanced Catholic Studies, which brought together some of the world's finest theologians, diplomats, and bankers investors studying the way for ethically integrating the world's poorest in capital markets global and thus improve the standard of living for half of the world's people who live on less than $ 1 a day. Of course he will not do so because he wants to consider evidence that is not easy to fit into his religious beliefs about religion, and it is so much easier to continue making grid, superficial jokes. This fits into other big issues with Bill's film, which is that he never subjects himself to anyone either at his or her level or who is better than he is. In this movie, you have Maell's graduate Maher than most of her time talking down to truck driver at a Christian community service station safely, at a night club with a Dutch guy who smokes pot all the time, and the minister of a shopfront shop in Miami that claims to be the reincarnation of Christ, and an actor playing Jesus in a theme park "Holy". <br /> <br /> What you will not see in Bill's film, beyond some superficial speculation along with a Doctor of Grand Central Station that chemically transforms the brain like iron drugs and that religion is the illusion of forced tradition On the masses, any sort of interviews is serious and questionable with philosophy and teacher theology at schools such as Notre Dame, BYU, or Wheaton College, who could easily rhetorically decapitate him in a debate on the issue. You will not see any serious discussions in any of the writings of CIS Lewis, G.K. Chesterton, or any papal encyclopedia, and of course you will not find any discussion any of the non-Abrahamic (Judaism, Christianity, and Islam) faith too. All you get at the end of the day is an example example of a condescending, snobby elitist from the west side of LA making a movie for its own kind and has absolutely no understanding of the level of aluminum in any of the other Half of America elected George W. Bush (twice) live their lives or school in thought behind it. <br /> I found a lot of what Bill says, but for someone with his intelligence and influence, this movie was nothing less than tackling. Anyone interested in the type of scholarship scheme that independent documentation typically brings can get more excitement in an old return to the Teletubbies.
