Now do not get me wrong. If you need a summary of the perspectives of everything that has been wrong with the history of human civilization as well as a flawless path to future brightness for mankind, who is best to turn into a comedy and practitioner of pop culture? If you need a healthy dose of all solid, why are religions outlined in Utility then going to Sagan or Dawkins, by BILL MAHER for God's sake (?)! That's a good point in and in itself. Maher dismissed our religious past as a neurological disorder to easily ignore how all his society, art and science are rooted in it. <br /> In this movie, she relies heavily on talent-honed skills in irony and cinema to make her point while trying to appear deliberately and wisely. Unfortunately, his intelligence is not up to the task. Maher makes us laugh, but it is clearly not the bulb shines in the box. As an example, she responds to an interview (and I use term in injuries as clearly all "ambushees") statement that the existence of Jesus is historical fact and a deadpan "No, it's not" followed by a time setting means to ignore the naive nature of the subject (a nauseatingly device overused in this movie). The problem is that the person was incorrect and Maher died badly in his statement that Jesus is mentioned only in what he considered to be the historically-suspected gospel. I guess Mr. Maher never read the contemporary contemporary of Josephus. But the masses will be the pseudo-documentary sheep as they make the fictional works of other intellectual rails like Michael Moore, and they will be loud brave and guffaw (they've certainly done in my show). <br /> It is duplicating, however, that most strongly and muted-like brave was performed for about 70% of the time running that the movie devoted to it's anti-Christian tirade while the audience was totally mute while 10% of signs are devoted to criticizing the self-described prayers of peace. Hmmm. Either criticism of Islam is off-limits of the hip and liberal target audience or were just scared to laugh. Very hard, either way.
