There are some funny bits, but come Bill! A movie? Leave the Detection? Keeping the TV shows and interviews, but a movie? I probably overreacting but what a movie is provoking ... I do not know. I laughed, agreed, agreed ... this movie is very confusing and consistent. <br /> <br /> The bill is a funny guy ... but also very cocky ... The Bill's speech is similar to Bill Hicks, a brilliant comedy. But like many comedies, the boardinghouse between comedy and preaching can be annoying. I think the biggest problem in this film is its lack of tenderness. This might be just a personal taste, but comedy that constantly demands someone can not take as truth. Bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious foundations. I agree with Bill that religious fans are not sensitive, but the answer to it can not be sensible. It will create unnecessary turmoil. We can do better than just react to fundamentalists. His conclusion is that "we do not know" and was really trying to convince the spectator that nobody knew anything, at the point where the agnostic community was concerned and his lack of serious research in comparative religion. Her humility that she knows only that she's not, is a contradiction as she tries to insist that all religious thought is non-meaning. <br /> I had great trouble seeing bits in the Eggist, the movie in the movie Bill. All astrophysical influences that are not sensitive to simplifying all religions are just as irresponsible. Zeitgeist has provoked a lot of conflicts and has messed up the validity of many of the valuable valuable Religious Scholarship. It's very sad how bad information has been enlisted around with no reliable source in English. Astro-Mystic source that reduces everything in the "stars say it all" seems from the Middle Ages. This film is a confusing statement from a confused "agnostic". Agnosticism is far more complex and academic philosophy than defending every single problem as "we do not know." This film is an obvious evidence of postmodernisms that could oversimplify and generalize major issues in human history. <br /> Watch the movie (it has hilarious interviews with bits) but TANP does not compassion like Bill. You can not expect anybody to have a mature conversation if you are commenting sardonic in each other line. Its disguised technique is degradation and insult, provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical discussions .. There is need to be a most mature way of dealing with these issues.
