Like any movie genre, there are good Gangster movies and there are bad Gangster movies. If you asked me to name a good gangster movie, I'd have dozens to choose from. If you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first one to pop up in my mind is one that always has me in a sort of depression of deception about a week since I've seen the movie for the first and I promised you the last time. This film is the "General", which relates to the 1926 silent film of the same name. This is a very dry, very amazing gangster season that raises questions not about the story (it's more than easy to follow) but why the filmmakers chose to do this rather than flimsy endeavor. <br /> <br /> Like "Goodfellas" (1990) and "American Gangster" (2007)? Two movies movie superior ?? The "General" is based on real people and true events. The film revolves around an Irish criminal named Martin Cahill (Brendan Gleeson) who began his long chain of crime stealing food as a teenager and then moving up to stealing museums and houses as an adult. Meanwhile, the police headed by an inspector named Kenny (Jon Voight) tries to desperately and vigorously prove just one of his crimes and convicted (or killed) him. Maybe because it's a movie in the same category as the beautiful "Goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "godfather" films, I was hoping too much in the "General." But that can go too easy. This would be a bad movie I did not see the aforementioned princes before they jumped by boredom in this oater with its far-too-running time to screaming bad scenes. Let's start hitting the movie by just looking at the style in which it is presented. For some reason, director John Boorman and Cinematographer Seamus Deasy chose this film in black-and-white while his style and presentations are clearly the elements that belong to a full-fledged color film. Now I have nothing against b / w pictures, not even those who did in modern-day times. "Schindler's List" (1993) was more than ninety percent of films in black-and-white and he is a masterpiece. The "General", which was made just five years after the "Schindler's List" is not. The camera is also far too blurred out with high lighting keys that seem very distracted and give the movie a very high quality video quality like I've found simply annoying. Filmists have obviously gone for documentary-such a realistic style, as the "Schindler's List" has made, but they fail to make it seem too much like a documentary and at the same time, too much like a classic-style motion picture. The performance of the movie series comes from the striking of the poor. Brendan Gleeson and Jon Voight have given decent enthusiasm for their roles, but it seemed to me at times that even they had become kind of run down to the terrible scenario from which they were quoted. Sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it a 40s crime-call call, but that also failed because he did too much as a recent picture and looks largely out of place. /> But the worst thing that happens is that there's not one ?? not one character in the movie that I felt any emotions or opinions. In fact, for every moment of each scene, the only thought to go to my head was "okay? So what?" The fact that in a better movie might come across as shocking or appalling are just dull and time-consuming here. I did not sympathize or hate persona Brendan Gleeson because the road is the Cahill character written simply flat and dull. Gleeson just plays the common criminal and does not strike out with the real Martin Cahill's impact obviously. If a character is killed on (as they are in gangster movie), we feel nothing. No remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. We just say "so what?" And that's all I did during the whole time running in this very little boat, very poorly-made crime movie.
