Written by a woman, and another. Whoppie. Is our for a feminist ride or that. Faced belt-straps, ladies, for us is about to enter into a world of mean and innocent women, well-intentioned women. <br /> In this trish trish comes across a guy in the work agency that behaves, looks, and dresses like a pimp (!) and gives him a job with the hope of nailing him some time later. In his office he even touched the chin road a megalomaniacal heavy in a Bond movie would touch a girl just after he had captured him and just before he was ready to kill him along with Bond. Some time later the guy pimped / worked in Trish in a lady-dress, girded her, and even came close to her rape. Oh, what's wrong, wrong. They are all bad, you do not know. You can not even look for a job nowadays without getting violated, right? Well, we'll show 'em! In this movie there are some types of women's divorced or something, there is a Janet Leigh who speaks for all women involved in this movie by saying "boys are all t **". It moans over how horrible hands are; he was divorced five times. Now, seriously: any woman who wakes twenty times and then uses this statistic as a discussion that men all "bad" must have eventually realized that the explanation can lie elsewhere, or? It must be done: a) it's a bad judge of male characters, or - most likely - b) one is impossible to live with - her ex-husband was probably the victim, or if they were a true ** hole then he probably had what he deserved. (Do not like Zsa-Zsa Gabor and Liz Taylor prove this point? Show me a likable woman who has been married this often and I'll show you a way to reach Mars by using only roller skates and a ladder.) Trish eventually meets a computer guy who restrains his faith in men - but keeps your horses; This guy turns out to be married, so proven SAN a doubt that people are indeed all "bad". Is not that, of course, for a cool old vegetable seller in the corner who loves his wife even though he's still dead - proving that all are "bad" except for old-old ones penny does not work and "can not find any" anyway forcing them to abandon a life into a ** holocaust and ultimately give respect to women. Even the characters support the boys all "bad"; The black guy in the employment agency is chilly, and the guy in the mortar is out-right rude - and sensitive (the batter, * sob * ... * sniffle *) And what's with this banal, cinnamon ends. ..... Minutes before Trish's time to abandon the claim to any of his husband's money, realizing that he is now "free" and that he can finally make that jump to the pool ..... that's all about ?? Flying to the pool is then - very adventure - frame-frozen as the credits begin in the role, while my life-inspiring-no need-to-revenge-i-mame-i-husband-money Music starts kicking her girlfriends. They are shocked by her abandonment of money claims, but they do not remain shocked for long and soon begin to kidding each other as a trish's heart-attack lawyer will get when she hears about that. Shyster's lawyer is naturally a person. A bad, evil, terrible "bad" person, whose only interest in this world is money ... Ah, these guys; all that they care for is money; They do not know anything of the highest value in life-like shopping. I'm glad we have movies like this; They bring sex closer together, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all horny, selfish, skirts-chasing bastards that will throw you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they find . So girls, open your mouth a stick to your tongue or to your girlfriend. Lesbian Power!
