Previous comment Steve Richmond stated that a walk on the moon is, in his words "not worth $ 7". I ended up paying a bit more than those imported which is one of the worst-quality DVDs I've seen yet, in this movie or any movie of existence. Even when you ignore the fact that the DVD is clearly sucked into an intermittent meter and just plain embarrassment to watch in motion, the movie has no kind of devotee (save Anna's presence) to watch a quality Blu-Ray head transfer refreshment. Not that this is any blame of the other actors. Liev Schreiber, Diane Lane, Tovah Feldshuh, and Viggo Mortensen all high notes on Anna Paquin's acting boarding skills. Far so Holly Hunter or Sam Neill made in spite of an equally disgusting script, anyway. Tony Goldwyn's director is nothing of troubling, but Pamela Gray's summary includes the most dramatic Wes Craven excursions out there in the genre or genre slasher, so one might forgive for thinking that this is a bad case direction. As I stated previously, the sole reason I watch this movie is Anna Paquin. In his first act, he literally acts veterans in the industry with a minimum of twelve years' experience above his table. While it is not as far ahead of her castmates here, her performance as a girl who starts the piece as a spit and grows in a woman whose world is crashing down around her to prove her Oscar has not had no fluke. For some time I was told with friends that it would be the best choice to show the heroine of my complete complete, with a seventy-three-minute dialogue in this film is yet another demonstration why. This woman could literally act the paint on the walls. Anna aside, only Liev Schreiber comes near elite any sympathy from an audience. Sure, her character spent the vast majority of the film neglecting a wife and an existing crisis, but she plays the angry reaction of a man who feels cheated. I should know, though it does not come out of the same circumstances here. Viggo Mortensen also deserves credit for painting it in a seller traveling, although perhaps not at the same time limit. In a way to talk, it is the villain of the piece, but it successfully gives the character a third dimension. Yes, his actions even after the whole explosion are threatened, but not many people would act any different in his situation. Nobody wants other people in this type of situation messed-up, so Viggo deserves a lot of credit for giving it a try here. Unfortunately, these are all the participants in a story about a woman who feels trapped in a stagnant wedding where Tovah Feldshuh tells us that the ark and the Boon Thousands of women were the only ones who feel life than not simply does not exist. Either writer Pamela Gray or Tony Goldwyn director thought they could put this line in the movie without thinking about how the audience could get it. Anna even talks to the audience by asking Diane that she is to read anyone about responsibility. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie has a couple of things besides Anna going for it. Morris Daring's original music, while not standing out in any way, gives the film a certain sense of being in the show time that helps place other elements do not. Roger Ebert is right when it shows that while Liev is a great actor, putting it together with Viggo in the story of a woman forced to choose between her marriage and her fantasy is a big mistake. It is also very correct in that when the films on the scene of Lane and Mortensen thin-soaked or mounting with each other under a waterfall, losing their focus from being a story of a transgression and becoming soft porn. The film looks like terminal confused about the position of its history. No matter how many times I reviewed Liev's scenes, I could not help but feel it was short in direction or correction. One does not have to make their drive particularly nice or beautiful, but taking the steps to make them the most interesting or developed characters in the piece would go a long way. <br /> Ebert also struck the right nail on the head when he said that whenever he saw Anna on the screen, he thought his character was where the real story lay. History about the wife feels overlooked and runs into the arms of a man who looks interesting or even dangerous to a dozen a cent, in such a limit now that even puts the story in parallel with an event as Earth-shattering as the landing Moon will not help. Although you feel rioting in the way that characterizes her character, Anna might also walk around with a neon sign over her head asking the audience if she would not prefer to see everything in her eyes. While I'm all too aware that it's difficult to monitor exactly what audience's character will find the most exciting of your disposal, it's so much as if they did not bother try with Lane and Schreiber. Fans of these two should be well advised to look elsewhere. Hopefully my current ramblings on the respective performances will give some ideas about where everything goes wrong. <br /> I gave a walk on the Moon a third out of ten. Anna Paquin earned her a bonus point and one of her best performances (and what says something).
