I was working my way through a film Lugosi collection recently, and having just hauled away a couple of days ago by the combination of Lugosi and Boris Karloff in the "Black Cat" I was really looking forward to seeing collaboration in the "Raven." Alas, it just did not work for me, and at the end of the movie I was quite disappointed. <br /> For the first three quarters of this movie or I thought the story was missing any real suspension. Lugosi has done a very good job of keeping things together as a little crazy Dr. Vollins, some sort of surgical genius that falls in love with a young woman (Irene Ware) and is treated after a car accident but can not has it - partly because it has already engaged, and partly because his father (Samuel S. Hinds) does not agree. To cope with this situation, he encourages the help of Edmond Bateman (Boris Karloff) - a horribly ugly person who wants Vollins to make him look more acceptable. Aside from Lugosi's performance, though, I found little to keep my interest. Then suddenly, in the last fifteen or twenty minutes, the film shifts around completely. Suddenly it gets quite suspense, but I thought Lugosi's performance fell apart, largely because the movie tried to change it from crazy crazy - and there was a difference. It plays the role "role" very well controlled and in control, but wrong. "Crazy" is a more out of harm to control, and I did not think Lugosi pulled off well. At one point, it offers some maniacal laughs that just come across as fake. Meanwhile, Karloff was a big disappointment. He never grabbed me at all. As a sidewalk, he must have been grateful to Lugosi who - in the movie where the co-stars - Karloff becomes the top bill, though in the "Raven" it's clearly Lugosi who is the lead actor. This surely gives a hint of how Universal ranked two great horror stars - inexplicably, I would add, because I always thought of Lugosi as the best actor of the two. <br /> In any event, there is no real connection here in the story of Edgar Allen Poe's "The Raven" - except that Vollins is a Poe fan, who tries to recreate some of the torture techniques from Poe's story . In general, a deception. 4/10.
