Recently, I had the opportunity to see a working print in Kansas City (Olathe, KS.) In this title. It's hard for me, is a lover of the art as I am, to recall the following, but the truth sometimes hurts, and quite frankly after sitting in this drift (I use the jargon definition here - statement worth or writing) for an hour and a half, I feel compelled to share (WARN) any interested party. Let's start at the beginning, a good place to start as always. The first 15 minutes are not really bad, a couple of laughter, and decent development, but then it is down from there. This is the story of a woman, among thirty years, that (as the writer would like for you to believe) is satisfied with her life and unfulfilled. The biggest difficulty occurs when you do not know that reality will go into the movie, you will not know it when it suddenly risks it all, in my opinion, a very uncomfortable and easy fly with a local seller. There is little development (drastically insufficient development) justifying his actions for the affair he has, and when it comes to, one feels, as I did, that he is just in low moral character. The word "breath" comes to mind, hopefully, that will leave the review and post the comment. This, in my opinion, is the first disastrous fatal of the film. If you are married or you've ever been in love, irregardless if you are male or female, it goes to your turn. Quite frankly, I felt that he would have made a better "blue film" - that's the level of my opinion in which the scenario deserves. The second defect is deposited, Diane Lane just did not work for me here, and Viggo Mortensen is not the right person for the job, believing me. The only tribute to the movie is Anna Paquin, the depth of her ability as a brightly-actress actress, to transmit a subtle yet very weak (I apologize for the dichotomy but it is accurate) paints in an emerging teenager. Bravo, well done. I'm not going to give the finish off, but I was disappointed, being billed as a slice of romance life is one thing ... but a finish like that ... Well, if that's techine enough to see this picture Do not say I did not warn you, but you better to peek - if this celluloid is released, I doubt it goes four weeks before clash of flames. I would like to wait for the video, but free of the sex education tape in most videos video rental is more enjoyable. Hmmm, Dustin Hoffman this product, you think she would learn after Ishtar. This film once brought the titled "Man Blouse" title and should be left on the shelf. If you're never in life you wanted to walk out on a movie, giving this one 35-40 minutes, the only thing worth staying for is Anna Paquin, if you can bump into the fact that you'll get your idea drifting you name or not you took the garbage before leaving home, which is probably where you should stay in the first place if you are going to the movies to see this one. That's my two cents for what it's worth.
