I remember then came out a lot of kids were black on it. I guess I was a bit too old to get all excited and I was a fan of real martial arts movie and still get this a bit cheesy. In the early 90's we were cracked with programs like this to make kids feel like they might fight them and be a power ranger or equal to those kids on 3 ninjas. I think eventually parents and movie makers seem to have been sick of it because all we have in fact have been abunching in kids who will be around punching and knocking everyone. Many children cinema have some big points trying to do with its beautiful ones for your kids to watch and get the message, this one has no message at all ... it's just Exploit a million different things in less than 90 minutes. There is no high quality visual, but would one expect it? The act is very bad. Victor Wong is a cool actor but it was embarrassing to see him here .. Short, fat, gimped ancient Peas fart as a powerful ninja who was just hilarious. The children on acted too much way with the younger Tum Tum's ninja was perhaps the worst kid's actor ever seen. The film has a plot that anyone knows before they even read the review. 3 ninjas ... yes you know they will fight a lot of bad guys and win obviously ... need i say more. I'm sorry if I spoil it for anyone. <br /> With all that said the kids will love it. This film is aimed at children and kids only enjoying it. If you do not mind your child watching this movie about fighting children this is a good movie left to see. If you do not mind allowing your kids to see complete garbage that has nothing to do with real martial arts, real act or real-time period then you've found a movie for your kids ... I tell kids because I think Girls will be like her ... I remember all the girls who have a break on Rocky. <br /> 2 out of 10 stars because I think you can make a movie for kids and still make it enjoyable for adults..this movie failed great time at that .. It is beyond cheese and nothing original or unique and I would not allow a child to watch her ... The Koun Fu TV series is on DVD and there's tons of great Shaw movie fees out there. .. Why not show your children something that will really entertain them and not make them mute along the way, perhaps even teaching them some moves and not just how to kick someone between their feet like dad made on 3 ninjas. .. no no ... never kick someone between the feet ... never .. this is so ninja.
