... because 99 out of 100 times, the producers have been lying in the teeth (or someone else) to make you rent or buy * them censored *. <br /> <br /> Concussion-O-Rama Cinema proves this truth again once again with the release of the "Food Masses," a possibly intentional but absolutely entertaining involvement in the genre of zombie. Folks, this is not just low-budget film-making, this is very low-budget film-made by a bunch of people - I'm sorry, I know they have loved ones - never, all ever in the variety of any important fashion. This is one baaaaaaaaaad pizza, as, and not just because it's cheap. <br /> <br /> The act is mediocre, but I do not blame the actors; they had no direction. They had no direction because the script was a half-zombie fantasy without any sense of the real story of Cinemas. Characterization is the best thinner, no thanks to weak dialogue and soporific direction. Am I mentioned again that the script and the direction are very blame? They are. There are no dramas, no tension, no character characters, nothing. The government's first reproduction of the media was wasted on a sophisticated "commercial break" with an undramatic scenario that challenged rational analysis and unwieldy shelter in its ridiculous endeavor. Syd Fields would not be happy. How could the government prevent the truth from a virulent zombie epidemic when the reality of it would be apparent everywhere? Why would it give him more than an excuse attempt? To this day and age of cellphone cameras and wireless access, what can be expected to accomplish for more than a day or so at best? Now, if they've covered something up, as their own guilty .... but "Eating the Masses" never explored these possibilities. Instead, it remains on the absurdity and wrong scene events to dig for laughs and / or meanings, its audience prayers will not notice missing the total lack of output value beyond basic movie equipment. Was there anyone in this movie paid? I hope the actors have made, if only for their time wasted on the carefree blind career as this one; At least technology has reached some legitimate work experience. <br /> Even zombie fans will get little to get out of the "Eat Masses." The throat is remarkably tame for no budget-in its rank, and there are no different set pieces or memorable effects. They're all eminently forgettable, in fact. KNB has nothing to fear. Even junk as the Aussie subtleties "Undead" was miles ahead of "Eating the Masses." Sorry, guys, go back to the drawing boards, and take your deceptive marketing with you.
