First, a brief summary. This reporter named Torch is basically trying to find the story of a zombie outbreak and found the military & the government to control it. Nice message, government censorship and all that, but the way the movie was, well let me explain. <br /> <br /> This movie is beyond description. The idea that someone holds him in higher regard than anything by George Romero is justifiable for the review to be engaged in a mental institution. The script is atrophy on its own, as it was written by a sixth grade student. As for special effects, I understand that independent films have low budget, and some gore effects look unacceptable, but if you want a scene and fire, here's a tip: buy some inflammable material, have a ready extender, and get a fire away! Do not digitally add it in and make it look like an explosion from a Nintendo 64 game. The act, well let's put it in that way. In my summer theater program, a cold reading of the script is, compared to this, the Godfather. I will not even go to the inconsistency. Find them yourself. <br /> <br /> What disturbs me the most, though, when everything was finished after shooting and correction, someone would say, "Well, this looks good. He sends a chill down my spine Even think about it, to think someone felt that this was good enough to drop DVD. This is not quality DVD. This is not Sci-Fi quality channel. film school If you submitted this to a project at a movie school, you would get a F. No, not even a F, more like a F-. I would not be surprised if it would try to expel you. I've felt used after I saw this thing Blockbuster and the musicians in this movie have my money now, and I'd rather not think of what they are doing with it. Elaborate, nefarious to legalize theft, and it does not feel good to think that I was upright in it, looking at the back cover and lovely memories of 28 Day Later only to get a movie Ed Wood would look and say later, "I did not 'Care for that.' This movie is the only terrible movie I've seen. I have not seen anything by Ed Wood, but I'm confident this is worse. If you are looking for serious movies, many being in ten feet in it will probably give you a bad headache. If not, I always recommend that you personally write the director and ask how she sleeps at night. However, if you are the kind of person who finds a laugh out of really bad stuff then I recommend you check this out. You will not be disappointed.
