As you may have gathered in the title, I wholeheartedly believe that this movie must be the worst movie movie of all time. Acting, camera-work, writing, special effects and anything else remotely related to this movie is sucked. People have argued that while this movie is terribly-acting and terribly-produced but it comes in with a clever smart script. Wow. The plot has more holes than me or anyone else can possibly count. For starters, why would the government say everyone goes back to work when it's not safe? I know the government is supposed to do wrong, but they do not find anything to kill the entire population. There should not be anyone to govern! Another thing that I asked about, though the government told everyone to go to work, why would people go if the streets were swarming with zombies? The zombies are going to hide in the bushes and ambush people are unsuspecting in order to help the government in plotting to kill everyone on the planet? And how about the finish? That guy Torch guy killed his life in order to get a few close up shots in the zombies. It is probably forgotten that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom feature. And another thing, why she said Hindenburg before she died. The Hindenburg was a rare event seen by a lot of people. The threat of zombies will be seen by everyone in the country, perhaps the world. He does not think anyone else will get a few snapshots? They also managed to break the only semi-interesting scene of the movie when the soldier watched the exotic dancer. Why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl? Especially when the zombie could reach DOOR. It's probably just something fanatic fan of unintelligent wing as I would not understand. Daily I pray to God and increase my brain's ability to be sufficient to evaluate all the subtle nuances of Mass Foods. <br /> <br /> Anywho, I think it's interesting that this is the first movie that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production. Hey Trent Haaga, I call you out!
