I could not believe this terrible movie was actually done at all. With the worst actors you can find, the worst script written (Mark Frost & Sollace Mitchell) and by far the worst trash in the time to look. I will not amaze the story as it really does not worth it. But I'll elaborate on some of the performance and definitely the story. As the story, it's pretty hard to believe that this bitty crazyer could actually do what he did. That in fact the wife could not defend himself against a little bit of something. That the husband can actually get the black case attractive at all. The defense lawyer was able to break down all the court rules and continue to do so after the judge ordered the blank to close. And the final result of the film is a reproach of justice, film, and the male species. The theme of this chaos is to let women do as they want, kill people they want, defend the killer and get away with it, while the robot guy imprisoned the innocent prisoner. Major believe that Sollace Mitchell, the director and a man, would even want to make this dribble. As they act: Jordan Ladd, the killer is terrible. A loony toon, who needs needlepoint during his murder trial (this allowed in court?) He bored me in the pig. A further look at it's bumping eyes and indicating how innocent it was and I would throw it. It does not even attract enough for any guy to leave his wife. The husband, played on a level by Vincent Spano, just seems to watch and act stupid most of the time. It was so predictable that his performance fell into the traps set by him by all the women surrounding him. The worst by far was Holland Taylor as the defense notice. He passed the whole movie and made a mockery of justice. If he would cross examine me anytime, I would have told him to go out a hike. All others in this movie smile did their job as directed to do so. <br /> I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. However we are forced to start with 1. Too bad. Let's not be painfully watching movies like this. All the time can do better then I know it. This is a postscript: Made mistakes in turning this movie insupid about by mistake. As soon as I saw the Jordaan Ladd bimbo I knew I would see it before and did not like it or her. I'm not just turning this stuff off, but my anger was added to people like Sollace Mitchell who wrote the scenario, but also directed this terrible movie. Doesen't anyone see that message / it is that paid illness. Being sick and going to murder is okay with this director / writer. Totally make the male species idiots. Well, this man tells you to go things in a painful place. We are not all that stupid and will speak from your so-called movie, which in mind this person deserves to be trashed. <br /> It's still the deficit shown. Why ???? Have you not comment on this stupid and jerk movie? Are we still victims of seeing the Jordan Baddock again and again? Get it on TV, film and out of sight. It's just awful in every sense of the word. Phew !!!!
