So Angela grew up and received therapy with an operation to turn her into a real-life daughter, rather than the son that she was born, and now holds a job as - wait for her - a advise camp! How appropriate, right? I know, I love it. Anyway, the first end of the Camp Sleepaway franchise obeys all the rules at the end of horror - more bloody, more mysterious imaginary (non-imaginary, but still more so than the original), more nudity, a more elaborate plot, and Generally worse than the original. <br /> It's fun in the same way as the original was, in which the characters and collectibles are so jumpy and genuine 80's that you can not help getting a good laugh. At one point, a guy asks Angela out, and says "I'll call you," and then quickly walk away. The guy says himself, "How will he call me? I do not have a phone!" and then he sniffs his track, wondering what turned him (it's the hair, dude !!). It's a well-known fact that in 80 slasher movies, the murdered teenagers were more often than not punished by the killers for some kind of bad behavior, usually being too promiscuous. When I first started to catch in horror movies and saw the film the 13th film for the first time in the mid 90s, I did not realize this. I learned it in a movie grade a year or two later and was surprised to have some Madness method. I was very impressed, not only that movies have passed on some kind of message, albeit one morbid, but there were actually some thoughts put in it. <br /> But not in this movie! At one point just before Angela killed one of her victims, she said "That's a lesson for you. Tell no drug!" Real subtle screen writing, guy. Then again, the dialogue is the most fun thing in the movie. Angela (who, by the way, goes through all of this therapy with these operations and all that problems to clean her past and reinvent her as a normal and well-developed person and rename her to Angela , Umm, Angela) said at one point, "I do not like being the cruel witch in the west, but I know what happens when things are out of control." (People start killing ... not me!) <br /> <br /> then later, she asks one of the counselors, tie, make an apology, which the girl responds, " I'd rather die! "Sorry, Tied, but you really walked into one that ... <br /> Two years ago I was a camping counselor in a sleeping camp similar to the one described in this movie (except the camp that I taught in there was more than three children at 15 or 20 adolescents and there was also regulation, which one of the films did not). This has made me notice the myriad of disagreements in the movie from the really loving world of life. <br /> <br /> That's ok, though, you can hardly make a movie like this and a lot of kids 9 years running around, although there were some 10 or 11 year old kids killed in this movie a. I did not see the kind of thing before. <br /> <br /> Definitely bad taste, even for a cheese 80s slasher flabby.
