I arrived on this flick on a rainy Sunday, which intended the tune of something else. From curiosity, I get access to the comments here, and found myself watching it in the end. I really did not do that with intent - this was one of those movies where you're "fascinated," and watch it for "another couple of minutes," until you finally just look at the end. And the accusation of it in most of the comments made it more fascinating to see. The one commentary where the person really liked it seems to be only as a result of sympathy to Ladd and Spano, and the earlier roles. But big is not anywhere they can find anywhere here - history, performance, and particularly the absurd hi-jinks room. We all know that Perry Mason (before Raymond Burr passed the 300-lb mark), and Ben Matlock, are granted some leeway in cavorting around the court room, instead of being busted prisoner in a speech. And Matlock is specifically granted the privilege of entry into frequent exhibitions by simply going to the jury and showing them before the judge and prosecutor were even informed of, or shown. No real judge or prosecutor would stand up for that. <br /> <br /> Both Perry and Ben almost always ended the procedures by twisting a confession of the real killer. Actually Perry almost always does, but often Matlock would simply introduce overwhelming evidence of the true culprit, pronouncing it "reasonable doubt," and then leaving it to the cops and prosecutors to proceed against the guilty party - sometimes over- Camera, sometimes supposed to be at the end of the show. <br /> But, said Holland Taylor's histrionics and the amount of leeway to give it, to the court's portion of this story, made the actions of Matlock / Mason more-very similar to slow, often boring details such as seeing on TV court and real courtroom. <br /> Each character of this presentation was either acidic, unsympathetic, obnoxious, boring, improbable - or some combination of two or more of these. <br /> <br /> The finish was the most banal, absurd, even funny conclusion possible - but again, fascinating because of this. Ladd and Spano are those who are attractive, and t.v. Movies would appear most strong - probably the 2nd best lead (probably better if "3rd"), even at this venue. Taylor could be cast as aunt or mother at one of them. Give this one 1 star for story / performance, and 3 extra for the passion factor.
