This is an immoral and repugnant piece of waste, which no doubt wants to be a 13th Friday (1980) script. The poster for this movie makes it seem like there will be some sort of cross between Jason and Freddy, which is likely to attract film-to-goers. There is nothing or fun about this movie on this movie. It just makes me sad, just think that some people will fall on Sleepaway Camp II: Unpleasant Campers (1988) on video or DVD, and waste time with this sad, cynical, depressive film. Angela Baker (Pamela Springsteen) is a camp counselor at Camp Rolling Hills, who hopes that other cameras are as nice as it is, and that they stay out of trouble. Meanwhile, other Campers realize that people disappear one by one, and Angela makes up the excuse that he sent them home. Could Angela be the killer, who was once a man, who had gained a gender shift earlier years? What do you know? Who cares? <br /> <br /> 1980 was home to a lot of movies that made the cross between the Mad Slasher films and dead teenagers, in which an angry killer goes berserk. Some have a draw, some do not, but they are all wrong as this one. Sleepaway Camp II: Unpleasant campers are 80 minutes of adolescents being introduced and then being stabbed, harassed, impaled, cut up, burning alive, and mutilated. That's all this movie is. It's just mindless, bloody violence. <br /> Look at this movie, I recalled on Friday the 13th films, in which the message for its viewers was that the main function of adolescent is to be hacked to death. The creators of Sleepaway Camp II have every right to be disappointed in themselves. Imagine the patient's message that this movie offers for its young children: "The world is a totally wrong place," this movie tells you, "and it will kill you. It does not matter what your dream or hope No matter if you have a new companion, or a new girlfriend.It does not matter what you think, what you do or what your plans for the future are. You can forget these plans because you're just going to Wind Up Dead. "And the worst thing is - and not to give too much away - the movie simply sets up room for an end. Well, why not? They were probably already taking the bucket at the cesspool by doing three or four of these movies. I miss out on the original Sleepaway camp (1983), and, after watching its first end, I will hopefully stay away from the other papers, as well as the original. And for parents, if you know kids who actually love this movie, do not let them date your children.
