The original trancers are not by any means a big movie. It has massive holes and very small in the way of internal logic. However, it was fun, better to do than lower-budget B-movies, and it might be amazing witty. Unfortunately, Trancers II is not one of these. <br /> <br /> Twilight II suffers from many of the same issues in most flop sequels. The plot is thin enough to see in and writing is insipid. It seems that people behind this film felt that bringing the familiar faces in the first movie back would be enough, and they did not bother with anything else. Not even veteran B-class actors like Tim Thomerson and Jeffery Combs could drag this film out of the film. <br /> A short scheme: Jack Deth (Thomerson) is a cop from the future that was sent in 1985 to save the ancestors of members of his government. Tranble II takes place six years after the events of the first Trancers. Jack Deth married Lena (Helen Hunt), the woman she met in the first movie, and both live with Hap Ashby, whom Deth's sent in the past to protect. He discovered that the brother of Whistler (the bad guy from the movie first) had traveled back in time to create an army of Trancers, who had returned to kill zombies, killed Ashby. Complete Jack's mission is the fact that his first wife, who died long before Jack had traveled in the past, was also sent back to Whistler's stop, and now Jack finds himself working with him, . <br /> I have two real issues with this movie. One is that the method of creating trancers in this film is radically different from the method used in the first movie. What makes it harass is that, in a rather poor example of Soviet revisionism, they act as it was still the technique. <br /> <br /> Other things that annoy me is that the love triangle between Deth, Lena, and Alice Stilwell (Jack's first wife) have given very little screen time. This bothered me particularly because it was much more interesting than the current scheme of the movie. It felt like it was just something that was thrown into filling space in the movie. Alice's character in particular seems very unconcerned with the fact that she is assembled with her husband only to get it is re-married, making it either deep or very badly written. <br /> <br /> The only reason I can think of watching this film is if you are interested in watching the troll series all now (six total movies). Otherwise, even if you are a fan of the original Trancers, stay away from this endless tepid.
