While I can not deny that his movies are often fun, I've always felt that Martin Scorsese is just a little over on his ability. Using it in flashy styles in a good amount of movies it seems to be calling "Look at me, am I not an imaginary director?". His best movie that I saw is one and youngest added flourishes, the Supreme "Bull Raging". To notice it appears it was business as usual, though. Reserve the dull film in the 1950's transformation was so bland as to be a distraction in itself. Melodramatic shut-ups are combined with the sub-parity imitation of the classic "psycho" score they are likely to induce smirks in derision than a sense of atmospheric fear. The score for "Psycho" was brilliantly unnerving, this 'homage' just sounds swell and annoying. Even the throw, who can be decent at times, delivers histrionic performance that just calls 'cartoon'; Exceptional exception to this being a clever turn by Lewis as the impressionable young daughter of the Bowden family. <br /> <br /> The worst offender act here is surprisingly De Niro. Sure, it seems invincible ominously but as soon as he opens his mouth that just wrinkles away. Now, I have no expert on American accent, I originally come from near Manchester in England a 'whole, but surely it could have come up with a more compelling southern drawl than that? To be the physical gift actor is he, he almost overcomes this fatal flaw, but not quite. She was helpless for me, like a Fan De Niro, to be wanting to be on screen, rather than rapping her performance. <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS possible.) -Top-style of the whole movie ends in the ridiculous final blockage. When will Scorsese learn that underplaying the situation can sometimes build tension as effectively as to give the visualizer a visual and sonic shelling? I also thought that he had too much respected a resort reputation of the cheapest 'killers-by-dead-again' who less talent could hired .. All in all , a 'comedy'. Scorsese and De Niro did better work together.
