First of all, really Basinger Kim? Much rich banker leaves you alone in your hands, most likely to pay off cash for your home, and you can not even put on a decent shirt? I'm a woman, and yes, I'll get right out saying it - something clean, starting with your hair. And while you're in it, it's Christmas Eve. Buy your kids some gifts ... or at least a Christmas tree. Do not drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall, park your car 3 miles away and weep over it the whole market, and simply buy paper packaging. Also, when the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note, do not sign up. I refuse to feel sorry for Della. Obviously, due to the fact that Kim Basinger is chief executive producer, he wants you to feel bad for the poor blond blonde woman. We found it. Alec Baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, not a horrible movie model after your own life. Also, you are in your 50s. You definitely would not have 8 year old twins. AND THE NAME? Terry and Tammy. Keeping your kids grow up with any decent chance to honor themselves. It's also very fantastic to hear the characters in the film constantly calling her lovely or refer to it as a "girl" ... obviously Basen wife had some say about what goes to the script. It's also very scary how any of the criminals can fight back. Apparently, magic Ninja Delta skills are impossible to beat. His driving skills are also very diligent. This movie is so cliché, it hurts. Wahhhhh! They spell your name badly on the cup. Or your husband puts a hole in the wall but all you can think about buying nail polish when you're in the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint. Or the woman you went to high school and bought the Teddy you were looking at. Boohooo! The fact that he refuses to take off light dress clothes while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything in his path to prove my point - this woman is a moron. Who thinks they grab the toolbox from the car, but not the purse, full of identifying matters like your ADDRESS. I never wanted the "bad guys" to succeed as long as I watched this movie. And did anyone else get to catch the "African American" shirt black guy was sporting? Oh yes, reselling and keeping your eye on perhaps the most rational stereotypical prop into a movie again. Do not waste and hours and twenty minutes in your life. Instead, go doing that Della could not figure out how to do ... take care of your kids, and perhaps brush your hair. This powerful balloon to the end though was very impressive. Sing "I'm going home for Christmas" in the rain while your arms are stuck on so tightly on your packaging paper as emotional as it gets. Thanks Della!
