I really do not want to compare Cape Scorsese's Martin Scorsese's classical 1962 Cape Fear movie, but I can not help it. Not only is I a great fan of Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck playing Cape Scary, but when Scorsese includes scenes right from the movie before (Cady takes the keys out of the ignition, dead dog) and even using notes Bernard Herrmann's all over the movie, she does not give me a lot of opportunities to make a comparison as I can not help but think of the classic Cape fear almost every scene. When comparing the Scorsese version of Cape scary with the classic version, the rumor comes out destroyed by the classic; but even when taking the movie itself, it's still bad. <br /> Now Scorsese and Seniors Wesley Strick did not just mock the 1962 stage scene scene, trying to do things differently. Unfortunately this is one of the movie's problems. Gone is originally crazy and cats like Max Cady who come out for personal revenge, Max Cady's version of 1991 is a religious fan of "save" Sam Bowden and who is in touch with her feminine side (her words , not me). Also gone is stand-up and Sam Bowden's stronghold in the classic film Cape Fear, Sam found in 1991 that the remake is very jumpy, Magoo, challenged, and very easy. Even Mrs. Bowden is a completely different character - she's crazy than Max Cady is! The story in general has also changed - Sam did not testify against Cady in court to put him in prison as in the classic version, Sam is now the senior lawyer Cady who Cady suspects does not do everything he could to keep him out of prison and from his "save" him. The story in general has changed, and I do not keep too much against it, but the script is in general tougher all around. Other sub-cemeteries have been thrown into the mix that not only distract from the bigger picture, they are also just wrong writing. The film also includes a few frankly absurd scenes and it's full of appetite and even ridiculous lines that you can not take bit least seriously. These aspects take away the harmful and thrilling nature of the movie being supposed, but they also have some help in this department. <br /> Now the classical version of Cape is extremely incredibly filmed with brilliant lighting and a powerful finer effectiveness combined with a barefaced brutality that delivers emotions when the movie calls for it with a sense of danger in its entirety them. However, Scorsese is able to do any of this in his Cape fears, giving the movie a candy-cutter early 1990s look, no sense of danger, no suspension scene, and small style (unless you count animation fire and the skyline style). Yeah, some serious violence and some effort have been put in making this cage fear bigger than the original, but it ends up empty and shocking, but there is no awe. <br /> If all that was not enough, the act is not great either. Robert De Niro (being somehow nominated for his Academy Award award) starts off as Max Cady, but he progressively gets worse until he starts to find anything but laughs instead of being scared by the end of the movie. The opposite thing happens to Jessica Lange and his performance at Ms. Bowden, going out of overacting for most of the film to give a convincing display of fear and despair towards the end. As Sam Bowden, Nick Nolte remains the same throughout the movie: beige. Juliette Lewis (who was also pulled in an Academy Awards nomination) is decent enough in her role as Danielle Bowden, but she's called on to play a real stupid character and it's hard to really like what we see on the screen from her. <br /> This movie seems to be often counted as one of the few good remakes, and I can not figure out why. I wanted to love her; I really did - I mean, if there's going to be a remake of fearing Cape I would rather like one too - but I just could not. That nothing has to be great on its own and was broken by the inevitable comparison of the original original cape, I found Cape Lévy Martin Scorsese to be a very bad movie indeed. The best thing about the movie is Robert Mitchum and Gregory Peck in their support role - go face.
