Ghost of the Vietnam war has hailed the American psyche for thirty years now. If not because of the fact that tens of thousands of US soldiers have gone to MIA in Vietnam, or the way in which those who returned have been treated, then because it was the first war that America could say was lost. Many people came out of the war with a shadow of the former, and without the first original managed to give a little insight into the issues as they tried to turn back into the world, as he said. First Blood Part II, on the other hand, is little more than a point-pumping mess that goes to illustrate how hurt America can be, both in victory and defeat. Stallone puts in another sluggish performance as the Special Commando Special Title, while Richard Crenna tries to keep the quotes of the actor serious. Where it all comes undone is in the script, which did not do any better when it was called Missing in Action and starred Chuck Norris. What little pretend to logic was in the original now go, as the filmmakers decided to paint a big S on the massive robe. <br /> <br /> The movie picks up shortly after the end of the first hundred. The movie, that is - the novel did not allow for the possibility of suites. In this mediocre follow-up, Rambo has been set to work in what appears to be some sort of open-air. As it is breaking stones and working up a sweat, a prison guard pulls him away and has a cat and Colonel Trautman, who advises him that his government wants to offer him an early release if he goes on a covert mission. Rambo, never one returns from a violent, acceptable day, and is rapidly embarking on a covert base in what appears to be Cambodia or Thailand (I forgot that). From there, it is commissioned to seek a camp where MIAs Americans are supposed to hold, with their photos. His mission clearly specifies that it does not make any unsafe efforts. Rambo being Rambo, however, has other ideas in spite of possible political implications. <br /> <br /> Of course, things go a little bit curious when it turns out that Rambo's job commissioners have more interest in making sure no American MIA they are found. It is the age-old scheme of theories, and there is no excuse for exploiting the plight of many an American family who has left without a son for the ten years that the Vietnam official war has rage for. Of course, and the genealogy that was inherent in American society during the 1980s, they could not help but work in a tangent plot on the Vietnamese army in bed and what appeared to be a single battalion in Russia. Together, two antagonists try to extract what information they can come from Rambo, but it's on their own in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets, and destruction. Concerning only the missing thing is the moment when rambo cocktail comes from a grave-like cup and declares himself unstoppable. <br /> <br /> To be honest, First Blood Part II is a well-photographed, well-choreographed, spectacular action. Hand-to-hand combat with the largest Russian captain is one of the few battles of the movie that has any dramatic tension as well. The rest is merely a case of lead actor and director of building a fantasy for Americans to pump their dots. Fortunately, this portrayal of America on all action films soon fell down when more intricate and smart films like platoon began to make the rounds. Some of the killings shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. The Vietnamese commander meets the end that a lot of a ruthless movie action would be envious. The Russian commander bites it in a way that is as spectacular as it is ridiculous. Only in one 1980 action film would one see a law used in a helicopter. Sure, there were rocks movie action films in contradiction in reality, but never this ridiculous before. <br /> I gave Rambo: Part One without a single one out of ten. It's so bad it's ridiculous, and so ridiculous that it's often funny. One does not even need to be served in the military to know how stupid some of the sequence actions. The only risk it takes is to try to make a stupid political statement and that's a heartbreaking topic for people involved directly. Hold the tongue firmly in the cheek, and it might be lookable.
