I do not see many reasons to get into this movie in great detail. Sylvester Stallone is once again John Rambo, author and survivor of "The Season of Hell", recruited from prison by his only friend, Major Richard Crenna, secretly returning to Vietnam, taking pictures of American prisoners believed to be still held in terrible camp, and returned without engaging the enemy. <br /> <br /> Great chance. What if it actually did nothing more than sneaking into, taking pics, and sneaking out? Who would come to see the movie? <br /> It's essentially a Stallone muscle celebration. Prepare for his mission, we see the oil well oil inflated. (They were oil and swollen at all.) There are ritual ceremonies on black leather, ugly guns, and even elves elbows. The black weapons are cleaned, assembled with loud clocks, and almost as oiled as Stallone's muscles. The bow is tested and, yes, he has enough weighting to drive a bolt in an enemy's forehead. The knife is sharpened and slick snick. <br /> <br /> Stallone and one of his POWs are betrayed by one or two of the costumes from Washington, cynical politicians who, you can bet, never even in a fight at grammar school points. No courage, do you know? Just sit around with the legs on the desk and drink beer aliens. The movie does what she put out to do, but what she put out is meretricious. He deliberately inspected the coffers of the mid-1980s that there were countless numbers of MIAs quietly kept in the disadvantaged camps by the North Vietnamese. With the exception of the stickers being omnipresent. (Free MIA.) Why should they keep up? It has never been well-resigned, but perhaps they turn their POWs into a slave labor force - in a country that has absolutely no other resources than work. Or perhaps for the propaganda values ​​as an outraged United States instrument - a propaganda weapon that the Vietnamese holds secrets in the world. As a prisoner, Ranbo is treated in a medieval fashion by the Vietnamese nation. Soak in his neck of pork excretement and then hauled out of his wrist, his muscles still on display. Then, by content and submissive Vietnamese, a Russian officer was brought in to play a part of the Gestapo officer - "Vee Haff vays to remind you." One kind of high-tech, the Russian uses psychology and electricity, not just cast pigs. <br /> <br /> Rambo returns and declares that he intends to float azar until "this country loves us as much as we love it," bringing up another myth that returned to Vietnam was exactly the same Cursed, and so I guess we're very much elected to Congress and appoint others in their high-tech position. The last three lost presidential candidates were among the despicable groups. At least the Rambo flying drifting left the room open to an end, which came to an end. <br /> <br /> The action films with Schwarzenegger and Willis and others were leaked by wisecracks but rambo is humorous. It dully walks in it is imaginative marshy ideological, killing without mercy, barely speaking, barely able to speak. To talk is a sign of weakness.
