While the original first Blood had its far-reaching moments, it was at least interesting in part. In Rambo: First Blood, Part II is the emphasis on lots of comic books. Plausibility is totally rejected; logic nose-diving; Stallone gets so impenetrable that there can be no doubt he will succeed in his mission. Like any shareholders who will be scheduled at this time (such as US Invasion, Bomber, Red Scorpion), Rambo: First Blood, Part II canceled its own opportunity for real stimulation by presenting a hero too invulnerable to fear. If you can say in the word goes that Rambo will wipe out hundreds of enemy soldiers, what left to get excited about? <br /> <br /> Prison after the events of the first movie, John J Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) offered a pardon if it will join a Covert operation in the Far East. The year is 1985, with a mission being arranged to find out if any Indian PoWs are still trapped in the forests of Vietnam. Ranbo is encouraged to take the job by advising his old Colonel Trautman (Richard Crenna), but the assignment is actually the brainchild in a government outfit ahead by Marshall Murdock (Charles Napier). Rambo's job is simply to head for a prison camp in the jungle and check out if it has any American PoWs ?? if it does not, it is scheduled with a helicopter; If it does, it is to find photographic evidence of their existence so they can be saved at a later date. Helping him in his quest is a lady soldier who has the local knowledge, beauty and resources of the Co Bao (Julia Nickson). Sure, Rambo discovered that there are poWs in the camp, but it exceeds its order by saving one of them ?? When it comes to the appointment point, the relief helicopter abandons it on the orders of Murdock which, it seems, does not really want to get any PoWs because of political and military implications. Rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but after an explosive escape he lay out of the free PoWs and get his revenge on the treacherous Murdock. Some good points in the film from Jack Cardiff's polished photography, Jerry Goldsmith's screams, and absolute professionalism in the cascade team to perform various antique actions. Beyond these insufficient nails, the film is a failure. The actors are reduced for posture justice, the fake scheme, sequence actions are soulless and suspenseless, the absurd dialogue ?? Even the violence has become numbingly predictable. At the time of his release, America was under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, a man who felt simplistic and near-isteric anti-communist. For this reason, contemporary audiences lapped this Commie-bashing shoot-fest as if it were the greatest movie of all time, transforming it into a successful sanitary office office. Fortunately times have changed? Nowadays we can look at it as a simple-minded flick of action with a ludicrously high body, ludicrously political mute, and a ludicrous hero.
