Not right, never should have a "First Blood Part II". The original script for "First Blood" was John Rambo committed suicide at the end of the film, but it was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make an end, but because the audience was the original finish too depressing. But someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste, because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties, plus recently released the fourth installment. "Rambo: First Blood Part II", but it is most commonly known as "Rambo". It starts with the title character in prison, where it is presumably to export the crimes he committed to "First Blood", although this has never done too explicit. He was removed from prison by his senior commander, Colonel Trautman, for a secret mission. Rambo is expected to return to Vietnam to investigate reports that US POWs are still being held captive in the communist regime. It is under strict instructions not to attempt to save any prisoner or engage the enemy; It is to be simply a reality-finding mission. What Rambo does not realize is that he is set up, not by Traumman, who described as brave, honorable and incorruptible, but by the organizer of the mission, a military bureaucrat called Murdock. Murdock intends that the mission will prove that there is no American prisoner in Vietnam, in part because of improving relations between the American and Vietnamese governments, in part because it will make his own life easier. Unfortunately for Murdock, Rambo discovered that not only Americans are still held prisoners, they are also kept in diabolical conditions. Of course, it is far too much of a hero to leave them in their fate, and try to save them. The rest of the film is more or less one long battle between Rambo and a few allies (including a lovely Vietnamese girl) and soldiers of the evil comedies and Russian allies. Most of these committees, of course, end up dying, although I was amazed to learn in your "trivia" section that the total number of deaths was as low as 67. Sometimes it seemed as if Rambo tried to skip all Vietnamese Lame. <br /> The sound of this movie is very different from the first. In "First Blood" Rambo was incredible to a criminal, though his responsibility for his crimes has been reduced by serious provocation and his mental instability. In "Rambo" it is a good all-American friend. A few years earlier the director, George Pan Cosmatos, made the "Cassandra Crossing", a partial piece of anti-American propaganda. Cosmatos, however, was nothing if it was not versatile, and "Rambo" proved that he could also turn his hand into propose pro-US propaganda right wing. The one thing from these films has in common is that both are mutually bad. <br /> <br /> "First Blood" had its fault, but it also had its beautiful qualities. His position, that the anti-war movement was partly blamed for the issues that faced Vietnam's veterinarian re-engaging in civilian life, was a controversial one, but at least the movie was trying to make a declaration of war, social attitudes in war, and roots of violence in society. "Rambo", by contrast, is very virtuous, except that the sequence actions are quite enough to please those who love this sort of thing. It is essentially a sort of fantasy jingoistic vengeance for Americans who have always hurt the Vietnam War. Rambo re-fight the single-handed war, and this time the right side wins. Take this, Charlie Cong! At that point, no doubt, the movie admirer (and there seems to be a lot - more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars) will conclude that I'm a liberal pinkie-loving. Far from it - in fact, I always despised Communists as a pernicious ideology. What I do not like about the film is not its politics but its lack of intricacies and its suggestions that the solution to all issues, including ideological discussions, is going to be with all blazing weapons and try and kill many people possible. He does not make any effort to understand the political complexity of South-East Asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-American. For all its anti-Communists, the film is the sort of morally sledgehammer propaganda that the Communists have been very good at churning themselves-except to attain all the world's problems in capitalism, or imperialism, or revisionism, or whatever other ism they took a flu for them. Compared with "Rambo", the "Green Berets" was a mastery of political analysis. 3/10
