An over-the-top top-action action, First Grade II seemed to hold the attitude of the U.S. at the time of its release in the mid 80's, with winged reaganism and virulent anti-red sentiment still does not end anymore, though emergence to a certain Mikhail Gorbachev in the heart of the 'Imperial Emperor' in Moscow would soon render these types of redundant films; Even Reagan himself eventually admitted this truism. <br /> <br /> In this regard, we can be more grateful for 'Gorby', not for its disarmament treatment with the U.S., its politics in 'glasnost', or even his support in democracy was restored to the Eastern European countries in the former Soviet Union. In it, the ultimate crackdown, jingoistic, oatmeal cold-war adventures like this. The first RAMBOBO was hardly perfect, though at least was a comedy struggle with moderate action with a not too bad storyline. At the end of this, any sense of the same elimination of conviction is immediately jettisoned for comic, girl Directions and incidents in which Rambo one-handedly take on notes of brainlessly stereotyped Vietnamese vernacular and Russian to rescue the U.S. Americans after the conflict ended, and the Americans on the losing side. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the reason why the movie was a big box-office success left so many Americans lowered into fantasy; They may lose the war, but still have finished businesses, and funny comic-striped hero and a robot-like hero who practically kills practically everywhere on the eyes, and hardware as much as possible, is ideally far-fetched ideal. <br /> <br /> This could be fun on a SUPERMAN / SPIDERMAN level, but sadly everything is played absolutely right. But that does not say that there is no humor in the movie; Unfortunately it is virtually all unintentional. The action stocks, though technically adequate, never once carry the slightest bit of conviction or conviction, because they always put them in the most spectacular incredible harm in context; Namely, our hero's rambo is still unscathed (aside from a few snaps and bumps here and there) despite tons of explosives, grenades, shots, etc. Between the destruction, what's in a script consists of the dullest and banal clichés. Stallone, who co-writing the script with James Cameron (a long way from the exciting tormentor to the previous year), deliberately looks like gave Rambo the character as tough in understanding English, and simply out with moron grunts, almost as if he had invented his own patio brand only to understand in itself. Perhaps Cameron colleague he thought of the terminator again with little communication little involved with lead characters! In this sense Rambo looks even less of someone than the Terminator did! The rest of the cast does little better with good actors such as Charles Napier and Richard Crenna to make the most admirable and their hackneyed dialogue provided, and Steven Berkoff hamming it incredibly longer with another of his Russian KGB / Red Wicked Army role. The Berkoff supporter is lightly enjoyable, but does not address menacing. Now who Sly managed to survive Berkoff's electric torture to kill again in these Red Commie scumbags? Well, credibility is never the strongest point of this film.It is a work of fantasy that is comparable to WIZARD at OZ. At least that WAS means to be a fantasy, and a classic immortal it turned out. is only a classic of most involvement, and indeed offensive, kind.And as for the climactic sly speech ..., rather hypocritical after killing all of these, eh? By the way, in the same year, he also made ROCKY IV .......... <br /> RATING: 3 out of 10.
