A seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. The first seems simple enough: Yentl, a little girl interested in studying the Talmud, wants to go to school. But only the boys are allowed to study, so after his father's death he decided to disguise himself as a boy getting in. He did and became close friend of Avigdor, who must marry a beautiful woman named Hadass. Hadass's family learned Avigdor's fees to commit suicide, and the wedding is called off. Yentl, now calling himself Anschel, is then choosing married Hadass. He does but does not consummate. Yentl / Anschel and Avigdor go for a few days, and Yentl / Anschel reveals his secret to him. The movie ends with Avigdor returning to (and married?) Hadass, and Yentl went to America to continue his studies although he would have to continue to do so in disguise. The above component looks interesting at first for a movie about 2 hours long, but there are several things that ruin it. For starters, there is constant in singing. (I can already hear the crying crying.) Yes, I know this is a music so there should be lots of songs and dance numbers. But the movie could have improved if it was ruled and played without them. The songs become tireless after a while, and no one dances as one would expect. Many of the songs forgettable, with no real memorable lyrics, and people with any meaning can easily be replaced by a voice-over. Only a song from the rest, "Dad can hear me". It is obvious that most of the others have been deliberately set up so Streisand could simply have a reason to show in his vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. Chances are anyone who will see this movie will already know what a superb singer and actress it is, so the songs really are not needed. <br /> <br /> Second, Streisand's makeup, which can be seen during its stage as a man (the lipstick, strengthens silently, and traces of the blush are all obvious) making it difficult for the audience to believe in Yentl / Anschel characters , that it is actually serious, and distorting her new friends, colleagues, and even Hadass, believing she is a man. But we are asked and hope to believe that many things. There seems to be a controversy, just as his character talks, or rather singing, in how it does not think it can pull it off, but wonder that everyone seems to be fooling because it is wearing the waist. This means that we are then hoping to believe the other characters, so naive they can not see the other differences, such as their actions, which are gift gifts. Their face differences can not be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of the male or friends families did not have a beard or other facial hair. But in the 1900's, if a woman dressed as a man, but put as much makeup as Streisand's character made, and she still tried to pass herself as a man only because she wore men's clothes, judging unacceptable and causing an outrage. Chances are it probably be forced to leave town, or even the country. Therefore, the "brunette" makeup on Streisand does not borrow the credibility of the character, and only weakens the scheme. If it was only applied to making Streisand look more beautiful, it should be treated. Third, when Yentl / Anschel himself reveals that he really is in the end, we are then asked to believe that the other characters are not as clever as the Streisand and only when they learn the "truth" to make them come a little better understanding. Now it becomes more and more noticeable that the whole plot is so far sought that it is nothing more than a custom vehicle held for Streisand gas. <br /> <br /> Lastly, there are those fans of Streisand who will get any fault with this movie, its plot, or the songs. For those I respect in respect. While she has excellent vocal abilities and acts, I am not a "fan" in her style of singing. However, I enjoyed lots of other features including musicals. There are even some songs in that I love, so I'm not a "hated" nor being put out to hit him. I wrote this review in an honest perspective, from someone who tried best to watch this movie - several times - and he mentioned the issues. If Streisand was interested in creating a big or even credible movie, he could do this here by not injecting the show and proving how talented, beautiful and smart it is in almost every turn. This movie does nothing more than hurt her ability, makes her appear herself absorbed, and thus turns the movie into a laugh-fest diy of her fans or audiences.
