I remember when this trash came out, all the newspapers were squawking about as she took Barbra Streisand years to get the movie done. Well he could not have taken that many years; The play only opened in 1975, eight years already. He made a Broadway star of the great actress Tovah Feldshuh, who probably should be thrown into the movie, but NOOOOO ... The Great Barbarian STAR made it his way. AND MUSIC NAME MESSAGE! This film is a total disaster of beginning ending. For one thing, Barbra was old year old when she did it and looked every minute into her. There was no way anyone could possibly swallow it as a young girl to study Torah. Then when she dressed like a boy she came to campy. I found the impression that Streisand could not bring to be unattractive so she played around with the make-up; She is more beautiful than a boy than she is like a girl. And as if it was not bad enough, she became involved with both her colleagues Avigdor (Mandy Patinkin, whose best time is the injection at the end of her naked butt) AND her fiancé (Amy Irving, doing her usual sleep routine , a bit of poor women's schtick still resorts when the director ignores it and does not know what he's doing). Yentl goes too far for the bride; I will not even need to mention the scene of the "Wedding Night". Then there is the music. Nose totally impeccable, all sung by Streisand via voice-over (presumably as a look inside his mind), and each one as intrusive and irritating as nail on a board. <br /> I will not say that Streisand does not show a glimmer of promise as a director here; Some of the visuals are beautiful (especially Patinkin's Foot), and it has a good eye for balance. The problem with this movie is that it will not get out of its own way. I did not believe it for a second in the title role; It should never have added songs, and on top of all the chaos go on for two hours and fifteen minutes. I was sick of all the mess sorry after forty-five minutes. <br /> <br /> Terrible, terrible, terrible.
