Michael Williams, who works for BBC, finds a somewhat impressive Italian picture that gets mixed in the material of his continuous work titled Diabolic Art: A Documentary. But since his mysterious wife, his daughter, Emily, was emotionally disturbed, so she went to Spoleto, where the picture is the problem, and she and her nanny, Jill. And there is a Countess, who is also a psychic, and he informs that the photo was somehow made in the night that a young witch named Emilia was executed. Michael does not believe his story, but after that Emily has surrexist spasms and Jill has died ... This Italian film is, of course, almost innocent influenced by the exorcist, but this one is cheaper, so much simpler, and in a sense, very dirtier. First of all, it should be said that this film is full of confusion. For example, the story shows Emily is a reincarnation in Emilia. But when Emily saw her in the flashbacks, she perceived her only from a third-person's point of view. But if it is the reincarnation of Emilia, it should and must see the past from anything but Emilia's point of view. Confusion of this type, that the film has a lot, are almost exclusively based on a matter of fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its own quasi-freudian theme, namely, one-way teens pre-teenage girls. To make matters worse, this film also has the problem of problem (if not confusing); Each character is too naive and discouraged to be realistic and / or credible. Regarding Emily (or Emilia), she is after all a child, and one can say it is difficult to blame it especially for her future and helplessness. (And according to the Freudian theory, every girl wants to have her own dad (clean) in her own way. In that sense, Emily is not only pathologically, only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is pathological problem., as I already mentioned, this film is not too coward to be Freudian.) The problem is that adult characters are as infant and naive and helpless as Emily is. And because of this weakness is the same psychic that can see almost everything can not do anything down-to-earth, and because of the same weakness is the very story of the movie ended in a seriously escapist way. In addition, the special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and ridiculous. Although the music Stelvio Cipriani is noticeably beautiful (indeed this one is so good that it seems to be worth having to be alone), the movie as a whole is nothing but a cheap B-movie that can disappoint even 1970s'-Italian-movie-lovers.
