A MTV-style film team formed by American television producer Zack Zardine (Matt Borlenghi), Cecily's Australian (Kate Fisher) and 'Scene' scene called Bog Hall (Dax Miller) and Jeremy (Joel West) some nice looking island somewhere, it does not actually reveal places. The crew plans shoot an exposure to 'bloodsurfing' which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports. Surf throw darts into the sea and cut the heads of attractive sharks, just to see if they can out-surf them without eating them. Once being welcomed by Sonny Lofranco (Cris Vertido) and his wife Melba (Susan Lafrik). The search for the perfect place leads to infected water sharks in Lilo-Cay. Sonny, Melba and Lemmya daughter (Maureen Larrazabal) took them to their boat. Shortly after arrival and already shot some sonny footage sonny, Melba and lemmia were all killed by a 30-tall crocodile water that some say 'owned' the island. The shaft ships. Zack, Cecily, Bog and Jeremy appeared stuck on the island until that time a rescue party came. However, after a run in with some, explaining well I do not really know what they are. The Pirates? Contraband Drugs? Revolutionaries? Fat people who just do not like being with others? What do you know? And most importantly who cares? Not me that's for sure. Anyway, after escaping from those similar pirates, they were picked up just off the coast of the island by Captain John Dirks (Duncan Regehr) and his girl Arty (Taryn Reif as Tara Reif). The film team believes they are saved. Little to know that the crocodile and Captain Dirks go back and he has a resolved note and four members of a movie crew will not stop him. Captain head back to Lilo-Cay for a final confrontation with the giant crocodile who eats. <br /> <br /> Directed by James D.R. This Hickox is one horrible film, but it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers crocodile (2000). Everything about this film is absorbed. The script by Sam Bernard and Robert L.Levy is awful, very slow as the crocodile does not even see or mention before the 30 minute mark and by that time I was badly bored and annoyed with the characters that may not seem to have thought up by Bernard and Levy. The whole movie is also frustratingly predictable as well, in the first 10 minutes of any person familiar with stereo horror stereotypes and stock characters will be able to guess who is dead and who will survive. The crocodile effects are awful and seem to be repeated over and over, there is a small puppet that obviously has someonesone stuck inside it controls its movement as the flying water gets big! The CGI vaccines in the crocodile are just plain nervous to watch. There are no grenades apart when a character bites in half that is achieved using the numerical CGI to remove the actor feet, yet it looks terrible. There is also a short scene when someone is nailed on wooden spikes when they put a trap off. There is a reasonable amount of stripping and gender, the more female actresses are beautiful and easy on the eye. There is a continuous baseline and logic errors in the movie too, in one sequence Cecily is filming Bog and Jeremy 'bloodsurfing' but at the angle and distance it is in it would be physically impossible to find footage of both the sharks and surfers of the same the time, and surely what is the whole point of injection? When Dirk manages the crocodile harpoon of the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots, in one shot the angle of the line looks out of the sky, in the shot straight after the angle is completely different and it seems as if the line is coming from below the surface of the water when in actual fact the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and the line should be almost level with the surface. I could carry on, as to why the crocodile jump on the edge of a cliff if it's so clever as this movie tries to make out? But I would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if I listed everything that was wrong with this movie, so I will not. I hate this movie, but rather it's still not as bad as Tobe Hoopers's efforts in a giant crocodile film. Definitely one to avoid.
