Oh, CGI. A blessing when used properly. A sin and it is used by people who have no idea what to do. Unfortunately, this is not the only thing that has been used wrong in this umpteen rip-off jaws. <br /> Ok, no one has read any number of reviews posted I probably notice 2 things. 1: I like low-budget movies. And 2: If there is a nice guy in telling low-budget films, I'll usually score them out. So let's just get this out of the road right now. This is one low-budget supreme movie I did not like. The act, for the most part, is hideous, ridiculous, and the script wrestling battlefield of Earth as the worst I witnessed this year. As far as the cute resident boy ... Dax Miller (Bog) wins the price but goes down. This hot boy! And amazing, it's not just a tone body with beautiful eyes and a beautiful butt ... it can actually act (well, as much as it can in this smell film). Now that we have some work from the way, let's get on it. <br /> At Cliff Note Version, here's the story (do not worry, I'll try not to give anything away) ... A movie team travels to a remote island movie documentary on two Surfer (establishes cute boy and his friends) who surf and sharks. Unknown are a crocodile rather big water caches around the island. Croc shows up, appetizers, and people to eat. Credit end of the roll. <br /> As I said earlier, this movie is very beautiful. It started very well, but quickly disassociated in being funny and stupid. A main character gets lunch (in a rather funny way), and our remaining heroes utter one-piece material in the victims costs. Also, if this hook is at the top of the food chain on both the country and in the water, what's with all the sharks around? If this stuff can be fed a 40-foot boat, I do not think a few chain sharks have been sticking around. The FX is some of the worst I've ever had to displeasure to see. The CGI is horrendous, and even managed to screw up the animatronic crocs. Caution, filmmaker. National Geographic. Discovery Store. Croc Hunter. They know what crocodile looks like. You obviously did not refer any of those judging by the monstrosity to see towards the end of the movie. And what's with the pirate drug / pirate ship? Did you just need another reason for ripening a woman's head? <br /> <br /> It's funny how we get the small sub-aspect of the movie world. With Alligator and its windows, Lake Placid, Crocodile, and now without surfing, it now looks like "over-sized crocodile / cayman" movies should now find their own category of blockbuster. Cayman was good. Lake Placid was good. I even thought that Tobe Hooper's crocodile was good. Without sailing, aspiring. <br /> <br /> My Class: D-
