Although this seems to be quite an old show (2002), I watch my first ever ever last night and I must say it has to be the worst show. . . ever. <br /> I'm not one for commenting but I was so shocked that a show could exist that blatantly trying pander, and I only assumed that this was target audience, children under 12 years old or people which has an IQ average less than .. The episode I've been experiencing last night has many disjointed story lines, they tried to include each imaginable plot possible imaginable and all while trying to preach on friendship, family, religion and politics. .. <br /> <br /> The basic stories that are covered in the episode: Frat House Hundreds go wrong with alcohol too much - death turns out to be senator son who wants FBI to investigate. Death is actually murdered by peasant allergies Senator thinks he could swear to the enemy and best friend of the child who did so because Senator took the money to vote for legislation, but eventually got a conscience and said 'no no 'means mulit millionaire. Everyone is a suspect, but all have the usual aliases (ex-girlfriends shagging a brunette teacher had to lie, unbridled students who were reported by victims actually had life changing experiences, enemy senators did not pay desperate deaths to death sworn enemy of the son, giving free money to many of the students broke). All the while the heroine of this dribble has his niece stay who 'at that age' and has a break on a boy, who he eventually gets the courage to speak with the help of his aunty but Only to throw it because 'in' girls say it is not good enough and thus keep in with them reading his storage. Do not worry, he comes back with boy after learning the truth about life and 'the' girls drop it out, Aunty also explains that God is the only one who really can count on (I was almost sick at point that) . The 'Drama' becomes even better when Sue and FBI team get the killer. . . you'll laugh at this, I'm sure you did. . . <br /> It is one of the Frat boys who only a year ago found out she was admitted and that her real father is an international terrorist and she tries to impress real father by killing boys and planting funeral bombs. . . . . . . the characters are the cardboard story The cardboard continuity card is the cardboard story is cardboard Anyone who says they love to show this cardboard card for a brain <br /> <br /> Why the writers at that The show tried to pack at eventually each of the one show shows that they obviously have no confidence in the development of character or actor ability to carry on a simple line drawn. Watching this show is like watching 'Hero's last action' and Arnie killing 5,000 people with a tooth decoction, except Arnie is a better actor (wow, never thought there would be a day that I could say that !!) <br /> In the words of Simpsons character the Simpsons character 'book guy'. . . . <br /> <br /> WORST TV shows. . . . . EVER.
