Well after three times I still have no idea what this movie is about because, quite honestly, it fails to generate any real interest or anxiety. But here it goes: A bunch of too old to be teens teen teenager dressed in the modern modern 1980s (make us seem like this too ??) decides it would be a really good idea to get in a motor and go visit abandoning the Alcatraz after one of them has the nightmare of those killed in various horrible ways that managed to rip off POLTERGEIST, DEAL, and Freddy Kreuger in one fell swoop. The same vein suggests itself being roasted on an open fire and some freak freak slags on bucks. Good thing it was only a dream or it could hurt, and good dreams had a decent budget to special effects. Mine is usually very blame: Girls, space model ships, blowing things up with a bazooka, etc. <br /> One time on the island Alcatraz find themselves in a Slasher movie, and meet with Tony Basil Those who can not help but break into a couple dance at lunchtime and its own lighting crew (complete with a smoked machine for smoking the 1980's infused light look, which I kind of miss). And these reminds me that Mrs. Basil helped David Byrne's choreography to talk to some of his videos and performances. This of course has nothing to do with the movie but keeps popping up in your mind as the very little movie poses actually to think about. It sort of happens, and you can either watch or continue working on marking your page and read on the TV set on the side. But since the movie is not really interesting, you'll keep deciding to end up something last instead of wasting time, the movie will keep up, and you will find yourself asking what you missed every time you achieved the finished credit they are starting to roll again, dammit ... <br /> <br /> * * * movie movie movie movie 1980s can be copied as specialist watch: Umberto Lenzi's GHOSTHOUSE, CHOPPING MALL & it's Killbots, hard to ignore the night The CREEPS and the -Top SLEEPAWAY CAMP all come to mind. They are films that, like them or not, require your attention and usually pay with some good Gore or T & A, and typing into your work as proof that you've watched the TV instead of your keyboard. I'm sure HELL ISLAND (as the British version I glommed on titled) has indeed some good stuff in there but honestly I do not care. And nothing is more annoying to meet art in any genre that does not inspire admiration, some decent influences or even good old honors hate it. The content and simplex film away from 80-regardless of minute time and never really accomplished anything more than being a distraction sometimes in spite of my best effort to try and give it a chance, but no bones. Some offbeat production design will be over, the use of lighting is struck at times, and the occasional explosion of destruction will probably hold fans of teenage horror teenagers interested. The rest of you will be warned though: YOU will be Wonder if you dress as in 1987, and the answer is probably more horrible than anything happens on screen. Try to look at it as a free rental if possible so that if you shame you do not stick to the damn thing: Movies like this take countless shelves that often in a commodity these days, what with the world comes to an end & all ...
