Wow. Rarely I felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one is especially begging for a beatdown. Let's start at the start. First, writer-director Susan Montford puts Kim Basinger in the role of tired old victim, filling up with the abusive sloppy husband and the abdominal abdominal sale. Let's say now that almost all content in this dummy movie is completely inherited and trite. Montford's ammunition attempt at senbism involving the Christmas tree with no stars is mockable. <br /> <br /> When she goes out for some Christmas packaging one black night and night threat, Della is furious that a double-dumped car on the busiest night shopping in the year. He decided to do something about it, so he left a nasty note on the car's fast car. The next few minutes of the film will be devoted to Della market around the wave of the mall. When he finally gets into his car, the thugs confront him on the note, a killed killer, and he runs, and catches it, and it gets away, and they chase after him a few more, and over and over. Everything is completely predictable and uninvolving. Thugs are not scary or ominous at all, and they all get chosen one by one in every way they are usual. This is one of those movies in which all the action depends on the characters being as stupid as you can imagine. Why the bad guys do not just kill him instead of waiting to hit them with a rubber tape is beyond me. And once, just once, in a movie like this, the leader of the pack has to die last? What is important that they all chose one by one when they are all equally stupid? Many of the film simply consists of Lukas Haas running around in the woods screaming "Della !!!" With the inclusion of the Joy Division on the film in this miserable movie is insulting. The part that really makes me run for my computer keyboard was when Della, tired and hurt, crying from the sky, "Where are you, God? Where, really, is God when this movie was? I give it a 2 only because of competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as the 'BTK Assassin,' the ultimate marker to judge any horrible movie.
