80 late saw an inexplicable rash of supernatural horror film set in gloomy penitentiary settings. Renny Harlin's superbly fearless and Moody "Prison" got all the haunting hoosegow ball rolled; It was immediately followed by strongly inferior "President," John Saxon's enjoyable garbage "House of Death," the picture of psychic beams "Destroyer," and this exercise is limp'n'lethargic to exercise in hopelessly comedy teddy. <br /> <br /> Your normal annoying collection of horribly unsympathetic chowderheads chowderheads students lead by dreadful mischieving Alex Twerp (largely unappealing Nicholas Celozzi) to Alcatraz Island to investigate the scarce circumstances that surround the sudden gruesome death of The upcoming rock star Sammy Mitchell (pride played by Toni Basil in "Hey Micky" fame). Alex's brother gets possession of the devil's evil spirits in a vicious canadian cannibalist U.S. civilian commander and goes on hoping to kill hope, thus forcing Alex to wimpy to overcome his passivity and to stand against this ghoulish viewer. Although Slickly photography by Nicholas Von Sternberg, with a few decent piece of gore set and a fair amount of spooky atmosphere (the film was shot aside in the rusty, rusty, torn tears of Alcatraz Island), "Stone Rock" While just do not cut it as a solid, efficient feature of scary. This is largely due to the unusual uniform character and unlike the smartaleck college, a wide range of smirky strokes with antique funny inserts prove to be grille rather than fun. The flat acting in a noticeable cast interpreted hurts all the most, with onetime playboy playmate and denier blonde cutie hottie supreme Hope Marie Carlton makes an impressive Linnea Quigley imitation as a sign of oversexed nympho bimbo. Dimitri Logothetis' direction displays a modicum of flotty visual style, but the tone is unmatched up between serious gravity and jumps, sorromoric sillomoric sillomoric, and the most damaged, Ted Landon sloppy, consistent, overly complex and ultimately quite confusing script miserably failed to develop the internal logic needed to make the story far-fetched even remotely possible. In other words, this stinker sadly succeeds in making a scant 90 minutes seems like a sentimental sentence drawn-out census.
