A really bad movie, with a very good or kind moment. <br /> It starts off with Linda Blair pregnant, who runs down a hallway to run what could be monsters or people with pitchforks, I'm not sure. He jumps into a window and gets up, and we see it very pregnant. The degree of pregnancy varies widely throughout the movie. He and a boy bothered and possibly delayed little that I thought had traveled his son to an abandoned hotel on an island. Italian horror directors find the most irritating little boys to the movies! On the island is already David Hasselhoff and German-speaking virgin girl (you know how Germans say Hasselhoff likes ...). It took photos, and he translated a German esoteric book about witches, I think. <br /> <br /> Also traveling to the island is an older couple who bought it, with a real estate agent, and a woman I thought were their daughter. Obviously it was an architect, and Linda Blair and the boy are the older couple children. I guess they all travel to the island together, but it really seemed like Linda and the boy were apart from the rest of them (maybe they were filmed separately). The hotel looks clean, certainly out of the exterior, but it does not use any major effect. An old woman in bad makeup with a black dress keeps appearing to the boy and sings something at German sometimes, which she eventually recorded on her scepter Street Tape. <br /> <br /> People begin to kill, either in their dreams, or aspire to hell or something. Some of these Gore scenes are OK, but not enough to recommend the movie. Even though the copy I look to declare it is enutely on the box cover, the death of a character whose exploding vein really seems to have been cut. Many of the scenes are showing the reaction of another character, since we do not see anything ourselves. The creepiest scene is the one that a man or a demon and a really damaged-looking wound from a person who violates bladder. It looked particularly embarrassing. There's a sad and painful scene of Linda Blair who owns. I wish if a horror movie would throw it, they would do something original with its role, and let it leave exorcism behind it (except for the annual horror conventions). <br /> In strange, hugely Italian, the tradition claims to be an end to something it is related to, this is also the AKA La Casa 4 and Ghosthouse 2. That is, it is allegedly a sequel to Casa 3 - Ghosthouse, The (1988) - it's not (this is also a movie better than this one). La Casa 1 and the two were The Evil Dead (1981) and Evil Dead II (1987) - again related to magic and La Casa 3 (and better than those). There is also a Casa 5, La (1990) AKA House 5, which seems to want an end to the series La Casa and House Series: House (1986) House II: The Second Story (1987), The Horror Show (1989) AKA House III, and IV House (1992). How to show off the horror show in the? It's not really, he stated to be an end, so demanding to enter the real series to change itself causes less (or more?) Confusion. Strangely, the movie show is also AKA House Terror, and La Casa 5 is also AKA Horror House 2. Is Yourself Sick Again?
