Magic / Magic / La Casa 4 / and whatever else you want to call it. How about .. Crucifixion. <br /> A gathering of people in a Massachusetts island resort is besieged by the dark black powers of an evil witch killing each person using cruel, torture methods. Gary (David Hasselhoff) photographer takes photographs for Linda (Catherine Hickland whose voice and abilities are similar to EE-YOR in Winnie's Pooh cartoon), a virgin studied magic, on the island resort without permission. Rose Brooks (Annie Ross, shows an incredibly rude bitch) who is interested in perhaps buying the resort, and, with Freddie's wife (Robert Champagne, who still aggrieved many other women than her), pregnant daughter Jane (Linda Blair) and Tommy's grandson (Michael Manchester, who just seems bored at all, probably want to watch Seesame Street instead of starting in this waste), going by the resort ships to being treated in a look at The property by Tony Giordano's Jerry Realtor (Rick Farnsworth) is obviously a pup of the business getting his wet feet. Together with these folks, Leslie (Leslie Cumming, whose character is a nympho), that would help Rose re-design the resort. Captain the ship dies by the Black Lady (Hildegard Knef, puts her make-up with extra thick lip-wood) and a storm is brewing. The ship drives itself (guided by the invisible power of the Lady of Black, I guess) and everyone stuck in the resort decorated, which is in need of concern at their repair. Most of the victims, before meeting them grisly destiny were brought to a kind of red wormhole that has vortex leads to another dimension (perhaps a kind of hell or something) where tortured by these fiends dressed in raggedy shorts and a crummy visage. A victim has his mouth sown before hanging up in a fireplace, grilled like other light fireplace. A poor soul tortured by harsh twists of rope tightly wrapped around his body before being hanged in the snake of a penetrating sword around his neck. A fellow slowly chokes as his veins bulge (and bleeding) and blood vessels burst squirting in Hasselhoff's face! A fellow nailed to cross with nail layer in his hand before hanging up on a flame. Blair's pregnant victim gets herself and her hair stands at the end of talking in the voice of another woman. One is violated by the demonic man with a "sick" mouth as standing in hellish hobos nearby gleefully cheering. The film, despite its over-the-counter, is mainly fodder poultry for those who really want to see the lowest point in the careers of Hasselhoff and Blair, who deserve better than that. Almost unbearable at times, build little-to-no suspicions. Clumsy execution of the death sequences that look cheap and ridiculous. Ensuring some gore is okay, but most of the movie shows the victims after being run in the ringer. We get a chance to see pregnant women (who look exactly like stuntmen in costumes and bad wigs) jumping out three story windows. Oh, and the Lady of Face Reflected Black often pops up on inanimate objects for the characters to see. Tommy had a small Sesame Street architecture that Lady's tape of black mumbo sings, obviously used for later. For some reason, the Lady of Black loves visiting Tommy. It's not all at his fears, so Tommy's just too bored to show any expression on his face, much less scary. Need I say more? That's one of a real stinker. Ugh.
