Oh i ... bad clothes, worst music sent and the worst: David Hasselhoff. The 80 years back and revenge of Witchery, an American-Italian co-production, was eliminated by 'saddened Joe Amato' on production side and short career director (Sky thanks for small miracles) Fabrizio Laurenti directed. Walking as a kind of end to Ser Raimi Evil Dead series in Italy (dubbed "La Casa" in the), magic delivers some gore grocery shopping and misconduct. <br /> A mixture of ghost stories, possession and magic, the movie bounces clueless from the scene to another without leaving some seriously sticking to wood and hilarious days and mixed-ups night slowing its progress toward undesirable endings topped with some great WTF surprise climax. (I just love to look at her face ...) Surprisingly, Laurenti managed to pick up some suspense and air from the few males - very few - scenes; unlucky for him, these glimpses some of the damaged movie magic down quickly and effectively. The more experienced ones, when the gore hits the fan. This department is quite effective and fun in that classic latex and red paint style at the Italo-Gore at the 80, when things are made 100% but made and as shocking and vivid as modest budgets could be enabled. I could only watch with sadist Gary and some laughs all over-the-top that obnoxious characters (and actors) were mangled and misused, one by one. I was just sorry for Linda Blair, who apparently had not tried any other than that good old-fashioned girl / girl role ever in his career, or so it looks when you check out his filmography. <br /> /> Well, folks - no more say, and even less tell your home about. Do not expect too much time to spend some rainy hours with this, and you probably will experience at least some fun too. It also helps if your heart aches little heart to the beat of the 80 euro gor horror. And talking about heart - every movie with David Hasselhoff is being skewered by an adequate metal object with heavy bleeding in the hall and corridor, must have it at one in the right place. it's for you?
