There are many different versions of one floating around, so make sure you can get one of the unrated copies, otherwise some gore and one striped strip can be missing. Some versions also require most of the opening sequence and other bits here and there. The cut I saw has WITCHCRAFT title on the screen: EVIL ENCOUNTERS and was released by Shriek Show, who holds the original US release WITCHERY's title to release the DVD. It's a beautiful-looking writing and looks like the whole leg, but there are some cropping / aspect ratio reports. In Italy, he was released as LA CASA 4 (WITCHCRAFT). The first two of the CASA releases were actually the first two films DEAL (retitled) and the third LA CASA was another movie by the same company (Filmirage), which is best known here in America as GHOSTHOUSE. To make matters even more confusing, WITCHERY has also been released elsewhere as GHOSTHOUSE 2. Except in Germany, where GHOSTHOUSE 2 is actually OGREE: DEMONS 3. OK, I'm better off just now. I start to confuse myself! <br /> Regardless of the title, this is a horrific hit-or-miss effort. Some of it is good, some of it is not. I actually was in this movie for the first half or so, but toward the end it became a mess mess. A large, empty hotel located on an island about 50 kilometers from Boston is the setting, as various people choose one-by-one by a German-speaking witch (Hildegard Knef). Photographer Gary (David Hasselhoff), who wants to take "Light Witch," and his virgin writer girlfriend (Leslie Cumming), who studied magic, shacking up the hotel without permission. Together comes Jerry Real Estate Agent (Rick Farnsworth), who is in the show the potential buyer Rose property (Annie Ross) and Freddie (Robert Champagne) Brooks. Also tagging together is the kids; Linda Blair and many young Tommy (Michael Manchester), as well as oversexed architect Linda Sullivan (Catherine Hickland - Hasselhoff's wife at the time). Once everyone is inside, they are boat drivers killed (hung) and the ship disappears, so they find themselves trapped and fundamentally at the mercy of the "Lady of Black." So what can you expect to find here? Very unpleasant! One of the characters with the lips is sew closed and it is then hung upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slow-grilled in the rest of the throw. There is also a crucifix, a witch feeds a dead baby, a sword at the top, a fireman, a possession, a sesame street tape recorder, the girl gets rape on some demons, a swollen men's swollen and Explode thanks to pood voodoo dolls and some other things. From a technical standpoint, it's a beautiful-looking movie with nice good cinematography, a decent note and good gore effect. The hotel / island setting is also beautiful. Blair (particularly at the end) and Ross both seem like they're having fun and Knef is great as the evil witch. Though people like to repatriate Hasselhoff these days, it's not bad in his role, either. On the side down, despite all the gorus, the film looks a bit dull and it becomes monotonous after about an hour. The supernatural terms are injured and confusing, too. When the characters were swept into the witches' lairs to be tortured and killed, the filmmakers unwisely decided to suppress the actors screaming on some scrambled red vortex effect that looks supreme cheesy. And witch witch itself is empty and cheaply made of finished wood. And while most of the cast is at least decent, a few of the performances (particularly the "actress" who play Hasselhoff's girlfriend and the kid) are so bad they're still distracted.
