Perhaps I really get old, but this one just misses me with the old Comic Bone completely. Surely there must be something powerful wrong with this Irishman (that's me, Schultz!). Lordy, lordy what I would give them to see the light! Firstly, Phil Silvers energy manic, understanding and driving was a great part of the comic breakout and general education of life, if desired. Although it is possible that the series, first titled: "You Never Reached" (1955-59 *) might have gotten on the CBS TV Network and someone else in the title role of Sgt. However, it's very difficult to photograph any other Actor / Comedian in the business wearing these Sergeant's masters. That's a strong identification is inevitable, but not the same sort of career-wrecking typecasting in a nightmare that it proved to be some other guys, such as Clayton Plus ("The Ranger LONE"), George Reeves ("The Adventures of SUPERMAN ") and Charles Nelson Riley (the" UNCLE CROC Block ") <br /> <br /> A large block barrier successfully adapted and upgraded as a work from 1950's screen TV to the 1990 public film is collective memory our. Without being sure of what percentage of the people remembered the Bilko character from seeing the original run and regenerating early syndication, and the numbers were substantial; even a great segment of the youth saw bilko reruns in recent times. It was obvious that the new film and the source were miles; or even light years apart .. <br /> So, as not to be thought of as a totally square, crap please let's consider some other points. <br /> <br /> Right here today, the 14th day of November of the year of our Lord in 2007, let me swear and affirm under oath that I was a Martin Martin fan for almost 30 years, moreover From that, I enjoyed the wit and talent of Bilko '96 co-stars Dan Akroyd and late Phil Hartman. After all, it was the talent of guys like this and many others, alumni of "NBC Saturday Night" and "SECOND CITY TV" held last quarter in the 20th century. But a BILKO re-do; it just did not click. <br /> <br /> Perhaps if the movie was made as a Comedy Service (always like 'em!), but without Bilko Show names, it was given some identities in her own it would be more highly regarded not krabbi, old guy like me. So, we've already had plenty of sitcom and cartoon series that has come back to movies lately, what's next? Howse on a person who made the Haloach World War II Army Comedy Series in DOUBLEDAY SUBJECT & AMES and the 1st TV series "CRADAD RABBIT"? Remember where you first heard it! POODLE SCHNITZ!
