Returning to my day as a "Private Lesson" Usher played in the 4-plex I was working. It was a swing hit sold out Friday and Saturday nights for several weeks. I've never been around to see it, but saw that it was on this weekend's cable, so I decided to give it a shot. What I witnessed for the next 90 minutes was one of the worst films I've ever seen with one that made me very uncomfortable to watch. The basic story is a young lover after her sexy maid (Sylvia Kristel). She, too, seems to feel an attraction towards the boy, but for the most disaster. So we get to the scene of the boy watching it strip and invite him to watch. And it goes out of there. <br /> Eric Brown, like the young boy, was to be one of the worst actors I've ever seen. It "scary" the reaction every time Sylvia takes on a piece of clothing or when it touches it awful. I did not laugh at once during this junk piece. And let's not get started on the subplot of the maid and planning drivers to fund money in the kid. Let's just say it involves faking a death, burying a body .... I could go over and over but it gets ridiculous. The sex scenes are the worst I've ever seen. Though Eric Brown was older then she looked, the fact is it looks like a baby. It appears that she has no idea how to kiss a woman (if they act then maybe I should re-think my criticism of brown) and it just came too close to the child pornography to be erotic . I've never been so turned off by a sex scene even though Miss Kristel is pretty nice and with clothes without. <br /> <br /> ** IMPORTANT INFORMATION ** I have to be mentioned in the past scene. For me it's just plain sick, but I can remember hearing cheers as the film frieze framed and dissolved into credit. Our hero returns to school and begins a flirtation with one of the female teachers. She asked her out for dinner and gave her a look as if Tom Cruise was just asking her out. He nods affirmatively and goes on, smiling at the camera in triumph. Give me a slice! Yes, I'm sure all teachers are pulling everything for a kid looking for youth. <br /> I will never understand that the film appeal was in 1982. Certainly it was more then nifty because there were many sex and nudity sex candies that were bombed at the box office. And think that these same youths have been encouraging that 22-year-old films now work their way up corporate ladder and possibly help in running this country. This is a scary thought.
