Let's set policy guidelines aside and just look at this in terms of many sex comedies that came from the 1980's because I for one does not think that this is any better or worse than others The people. Unless you are a few religious cooks or a female girl you can probably see a comic movie like this without getting all worked on the content and I personally had a totally innocuous center toward this before and after watching it. The story puts in Albuquerque, New Mexico where a rich 15-year-old named Phillip "Philly" Fillmore (Eric Brown) is naturally horny like hell and starts spying on the attractive maid who just started work for her dad, . <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** Nicole Mallow (Sylvia Kristel) is friendly with Philly but things heat when his dad goes out of town on business and starts flirting with him to point where he invited her to his room to watch her strip. Philly is awkward and does not know how to react at first but quickly she goes for it and has sex but thundered it seems that Nicole was killed in a heart attack! With the help of driver Lester Lewis (Howard Hesseman) was buried but a note from a blackmailer show up and Philly must get $ 10,000 out of his blood safely. Philly is shocked when Nicole shows it and learns that everything was an extortion plan set up by Lester and that he only went along with it because he is an illegal alien and if he did not do what he said Lester would call the immigration office. Together they try to get his father's money before returning home and engaging in the help of Jack (Ed Begley Jr) who is a tennis instructor but pretends to be a scary cop Lester. little comedy has made for less than $ 3 million but has surpassed more than $ 50 million worldwide and has made it one of the least likely films during this time to be so successful that invites me to ask why this was a hit and not any of the others in genre. Director Alan Myerson can boast that he made a movie hit but the truth is that he never really had a career in film although he was going to be very successful on television. So ... why was that successful? I have a thought that it just can because of Kristel and you before you decide that I'm crazy to listen to my reasoning. Kristel was an international star because of her soft core film so that alone alone made many adults feel curious about watching her in an American movie that received a wide release. With that, the adults would also be nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy of being taught the ways of lovemaking by a senior woman who brings to the least audience members most likely still very inexperienced and curious about the movie . Anyway, this is my thinking and if anyone has another reason I would like to hear it, but back to the movie itself it's apparent (and very sad) that a movie like this can probably never get Doing again (except in Europe) because of the religious right and other prudish phenomena that just can not come to terms with the fact that a young boy getting laid will not do it any harm. In fact, it is a valuable service that all prayers will happen to them! The film itself is clumsy and the double crystal body is all too obvious in certain scenes especially if you take note of the difference in nipples. The story (although intriguing in its basic form) is neither very funny or revealing so they left aggling the nude scenes that are really the norm for the genre.
