This film has become a totally forgotten star from the 1930s, Jack Pearl (the "Baron Munchausen" radio) as well as Jimmy Durante. However, 7-1 / 2 decades later, he was billed as a Stooges Three movie because they are the only ones in the movie that the average person would recognize today. Movie film will recognize wonderful Edna Me Oliver along with Zazu Pitts. As for the Stooges, this is a movie from very early days - before MGM had no idea what to do with teams. At that point, they were known as "Ted Healy and his Stooges" as Healy was the front man. Fortunately for the Stooges, they soon leave this nasty and rather untalented man (he's up to it - you'll see what I mean) and the rest is story. Within a year, successful Columbia shorts and executives at MGM were soon kicking themselves to losing the team. This sort of thing was a common incident at MGM, a great studio that had no idea what to do with comedy (like the films of Buster Keaton, Laurel and Hardy, Abbott and Costello and others). In fact, up until they left for Columbia, MGM put them in a wide variety of odd films - including acting with Clark Gable and Joan Crawford at DANZ DADEN. And, strange, in this movie they did not act as a team - they just did various supporting roles, like Larry playing the piano! This particular movie begins with Pearl and Durante lost in the African jungle. When saved and brought home, all sense of the film's structure falls apart and the movie becomes almost as a variety of shows - punctuated by the scenes and drives here and there. As for Pearl, I could really see why she never had a successful transition to film, as she has the personality of a sluggish (but slightly less welcome). As for Durante, I never knew what the public saw in it - at least as far as its film concerned - it was loud and loud! He apparently took the time out of helping MGM break down the Buster Keaton career to make this film. Together, Pearl and Durante count on many verbal humor (?) And Vaudeville-style routines that tend to fall rather flat. In this movie, the stooges have not yet had the right chemistry. See Healy doing the job that Moe made in later films are odd. What they did in the movie was pretty good, but because all the segments were short, they came over and over too fast camera to allow them to really get in their routines. Stooges fans can be very frustrated by this, though hard-hard fans may want to see this in order to meet their life-long goals in viewing everything Stooge - even Joe DeRita's rotten and Joe Besser movie (oh and e has been bad after the deaths of Shemp and Curly). <br /> <br /> Overall, the film is rather dull and irritating. However, there is something interesting couple to look for in the mess. At about 13 minutes mark, you will see a short scene where a tour guide on a bus is singing. Look carefully, as this is Walter Brennan in a role you would certainly never expect! Another strange thing to look for in the movie is "Clean as a whistle" song starting at about 22 minutes in the movie. This song and dance number is clearly an example of a scene called "Pre-Code" scene that would never allow them to film after 1934 (when the Production Code was reinforced). Despite the word "Clean" in the title, it is a very titular number with naked women that shows lots of meat - enough to stimulate, but not enough to really show anything! It is quite shocking to see today, though these excesses were very common in the early 1930's. Finally, in the 63-minute mark, Jimmy Durante puts the race relationship back a few decades. Watch the movie, you will see that I mean!
