Well, it turned out as I expected: visual overload but nothing else added to the original. What was my surprise however was that the scenario was fairly drastically changed compared to the 1968 flick. Initially this was waking up my interest, but that eventually was surprised that the new twists and turns (a) were Apparently invented in order to present us with a typical Hollywood-like product and (b) made the scenario everything possible! 1968's history was readily straightforward, and it was included by storm storm or any bogus of this sort: it just stated that when you came home after a long journey, things could have changed a bit. Earth would fall into the hands of apes, for example. Like many 'old' movies, it's the main ingredient suspended (hell, anyone who understands these words these days?). In this movie Burton, an attempt has been made to turn everything into a movie action, but at what cost? Certainly, the images are overwhelming, and lots of time and money have been put into drawing a full-fledged culture (even brand-music!), But what's wrong? <br /> <br /> First, the suspension of disbelief is made very difficult, because I have a lot of Hollywood-person features. I especially refer to Ari and the trader slave. These features include emotional skills such as irony, sarcasm, and an unusual array of subtle 'subtle' emotions. It reminds you that the saints are, they are essential. <br /> Secondly, the TALK. Of course, we can imagine that people never forget how to talk, but the fact that their monks had speeches and people did not make the human / human role-tune commodity and insistence in the version of 1968. The Injury Throat which Charlton Heston has become essential in his survival and later reserve the essential speech in his insight with the interest that Dr Zira has in it (so no need for things such as human rights activist or human love-loving in order to explain things). Third, the fact that they advertise a great deal of implosibility, but it's a twist is necessary in the new movie, since Captain. Davidson has to play Hollywood-let-all-the-world-with-win-a-good-end-to-everyone-and-always-do-it-to-room-bar-for-a-cool-diet food-coke character. Oh my gods, they will never learn? I am new to her from the start, when one guy was lost! They needed a hero! Then the script writer goes on reasoning: we need one guy ... so why would one guy get lost ... because he tries to save a brand from an electromagnetic storm ... implausible! But it is necessary because it shows the audience that he respects husbands! Since, in these modern and politically correct moments, we can not have a cenophobic window similar to Charlton Heston's 68 characters on the screen: let's give them a bubblegum version! Fourth, okay, the general twist of the original 'discover the truth' of the 1968 film in the modern version (she finds that her own mother's boat crashed on the planet of that age and whose labors develop their society, where Heston simply discovers that just, somehow, they have surpassed the ground while it was far away) is nicely done. The second, fight-party comes as an anti-climate. That's because this film has added the first planet to the movies to make in one draw. Nice to try, but the frost you feel when Davidson and you discover that she's lost on the planet forever just washed out due to the exciting party-party part. <br /> <br /> Fifth: the end !!! For chrissakes, who came up with that? (a) Davidson crash TWICE and his escape pod, which looks like an unstable object, while the chimp just manages gracefully land? Come on, who would believe that? If pods are really small space crafts (Davidson simply flies in space at the end) and not just escaping ships, it might manage a safe landing at least once, no? And what about that end ???? I mean, in the original film it was clear that everything took place on earth. But here: the whole movie takes place on a distant planet, and suddenly the same (there's a Thade image) Ape culture is on earth ??? How come? Are the husband of the planet far evolved technologically, flew to the storm of the time and earth colonized before Davidson's mission was taken? Why Thade worship? Stupid stupid stupid. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is even adorable and beautiful as a brand, but I would expect no less. I preferred to mark it above Estella Warren as a human, but maybe I got some loose threads in my head. But only being convinced were Tim Roth as Thade (Wonderful!) And Ari at home (formerly in general, but I forgot his name). Noo, a lot of things could and should have been added / changed in the 1968 pic, but not the draw, at least not that way. It was simple and clear and does not need to explain more. It was nicely-tongue-in-cheek and caricatured. Do not stylish everything ...
