I had great hope in this film (the title, translated, is "How do you get rid of the other people"). After all, the concept is great: a near future in which the ruling elite took consequences of conflicting persecution of the elaborate and legislative wing of so-called freeloaders and the left wing in general, and decided to just kill everyone which can not prove that they are contributing something to the facility (the establishment is called the "common good," but actually means the interests of ideology of capitalist decision). <br /> <br /> Very cool ideas! Ideal for biting satire! Only this film completely runs its luck. The satir comes out only in a few scenes and performances of absurdity, but this satire does not sustain; It's neither sharp nor witty. And for a comedy allegedly, the movie has almost no comic scene. The comedian, I suppose, is supposed to be in the absurdity of their situation, but situations are so uncomfortable and over-serious, rather than evoking either laughter or thought. <br /> The script is abusive and grave mistakes in disposition. The action should focus on political aspects and how wrong it should be to do something, but instead of the time spent on a young woman who was the one who wrote the new laws for fun and who tries to save everyone, does not organize a ship's resilience in Africa. All this is around the point! A movie like this should not pretend to be so serious! It's a satire! A political statement. But it does not even begin to actually address the problem it supposed to be on. Maybe she was afraid to go too far? How to hunt. This is not art. It's not even real satire. <br /> Sell Pilmark, a very serious and by now one of Denmark's absolutely ancient actors, was very good. It largely brings this small amount of entertainment to the movie. Everything else: nothing special (well, perhaps except for Lene Poulsen, who gave a convincing performance). In fact, a problem with most movies is that the language never sounds natural. Both the formal and the delivery. Why is it difficult to make it sound right? Why should it be so vibrant and artificial? I hope, when people watch these movies fifty years from now, they do not think this was how people spoke in Danish general society. <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10.
