If you're going to look after a child, make sure they do not live anywhere near a graveyard. Especially if said kid has a habit of drawing design photos and disappears at night in the tombs to see his 'friends'. But our long haired heroine, subconscious of all the signs, shocks up with her Norton family, including a strict father and an older brother who becomes a favorite love for our budding babysitter. Even more spooky than the outside zombie gang is the tendency to throw away when the lips do not move, and so the words do not match the motion in the mouths. But enough of that .. The pets sacrificed, old ladies have eyeballs worn out and the orchestra will not close during any scene, even those quiet. Oh, and the editor has a day off in the path of the movie drones on. <br /> <br /> In fact, it would be best if everyone involved took a rumble, feeling what they would sign up for and then go. Yes, I know it's hard to get in the movies these days, but this sort of starter point is not one on your CV you want. If this would be like a trainee firm who has a conviction for chicken chewing. Featuring one of the worst lead performance ever by Laurel Barnett's shrill, and another almost as bad by the actress children of charisma Rosalie Cole (Next to Dakota Fanning it is not) the movie meanders over and over and by There is nothing but padding until we get what's happening to a climax. This involves five or six members of the barracks hostile barracks useless useless in a sink, while its bit of roughly forbidden these ghouls with a beam in one shell drop and whatever it can put but it's over. But back up a minute .. Earlier on being in the car, and accidentally discovered that the animals found the noise in the cone for their repaid shuffled in the sound of it. So, to stay safe? No now, they run away from this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the blockage can prove to be a hardnut it is the girl can act like it's having a nervous breakdown. movie closed. It does not end, it just goes to a grinding stand. The main character is seized back in his car that is covered in bloody fox, as if nothing terrible happened. But my dear viewer, something terrible happened. You've just sat in one of the most lamrrained films, your boring horrible movie will never be seen, and lost 82 minutes in your life you will never get back. Just think .. years from now on your deathbed, what would you trade an hour and 22 minutes for just over a while in extra time with your family. Unfortunately, it's already too late for me. Do not make mistakes: (2/10
