Watch the life of kibbutz <br /> <br /> This movie is less a cultural story about a boy's life in a kibbutz, but the deliberate demonization of kibbutz in general. In the first two minutes of the film, the letter man in charge of the cows to cows one of his bulls. And it all descended from there in terms of the characters representing typical "kibbutznikim." In addition to the main characters, a women's clinic depressed and her young, everyone else in the kibbutz is a gross caricature of bad assets. <br /> <br /> History centers on how the kibbutz, like some sort of cult, slowly drags the mother and deeper son into despair and what inevitably follows. There is no happiness, no joy, no laugh at this kibbutz. Each character / situation represents a different vicious human vicious such as misogyny, hypocrisy, violence, culture, etc. For example, while the protagonist is a beautiful hit European look 12 year old boy ?? Her older brother is a typical young kibbutz complete with her appearance "physical" and brutal personality. He cares for more about volunteering aliens than the health of his mother dies. He treats such volunteers as waste. After his younger brother struggled to visit her dead mother whom she had not seen in a long time due to his military service and order, Quote ?? "Linda, go to the shower and I'll come in two minutes." <br /> There is another "good" character in this movie ?? a European foreigner who plays mother's companion. When the meat tries to hit the son of the mother, the companion defend him by breaking down the brawl. It is survived kicked out of the kibbutz then for "violent" behavior against one of the kibbutz members. More hypocrisy: The indescribably annoying French woman who plays school teachers preaches that sex can not happen before age 18, or without love and giving an account of the current act that is supposed to be funny for the audience but is really just stupid. It's course is to blur the top of the kibbutz in the gardens then at the boy's boy's turn when mental health takes a turn for the worse. <br /> <br /> The movie shows the kibbutz as some sort of cult. Children get yanked out of the beds of the night and take in some ceremonies where they swear allegiance in the fields supervised by the kibbutz heads. The mother apparently can not "escape" the kibbutz, although in fact, anyone who was / is free to come and go as they choose. It's a mystery how boy's dad dies, but you can rest assured, the kibbutz "drove him to her" and his surviving parent is another pair of tender characters, serious characters that weigh on the mother and her son. <br /> <br /> This is in this movie. A dimensional character, about dramatization, dry performance, and an insidious message that keeps hammering himself at the top of the audience ?? That life kibbutz was degraded, miserable and even very dangerous for those who did not "fit into." I feel sorry for the guy who made this movie ?? Obviously it had a bad growing experience in a kibbutz. But I feel as if he took a few guys in truth about life kibbutz and turned into atomic good stereotype bombs.
