A girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the country. Rosalie this girl has some psychotic trends as the movie opens with her kitten to eat it in some kind of animal in the cemetery, and she has recently lost her mother who has gone crazy but alive to enjoy living in the woods all night. The first of the movie has a new young lady coming to Rosalie to take care of her. It is introduced into the evil of the woods while driving with, imagining the suspense here, experiencing a great blue barrel falling on the side of a cliff to somehow stop his car dead in its tracks. From there she walks in the nearest house and discovers Ms. Whitfield who then goes through a whole lot of explanations about Rosalie and her family. The ceremony was examined by Mrs. Whitfield's character who must have seen to be believing. Well, the young lady is meeting with the child and we soon learn that not only is it strange but everyone in the movie is also very rare. They all belong to one thing that is not one of them ever heard of a school act. None of these people can act - as evidenced by the few cars any of them in the movie all appear in before or since - and all of them look like they have little idea what is going on, pause to remember lines , and have all conviction of a paper bag. The director of the plods of the material at a slow pace with this horrible piano crescendoing music here and there are things that they supposed to be scared. It takes us a bit before we get into a couple of murders by the animal friends, but by that time I did not care. Murder people are not convinced either, and the truths told the whole movie looks like someone in it together on their friends' farm and the people and things in hand. That all said the ending has some creepy aspects of it even though we do not learn something darn about why Rosalie is like this or most important that the animal and the cheap masks. Cheap does not even begin to describe the budget here with them. It is basically a couple of old farmhouse with some sheds at the end and of course the woods. Someone who lent the director to an old car too. There is no special effect of any kind and only the minimal make-up. There are so many guffaws / ridiculous moments in list, but I'll just list a few here that at the very least makes me chuckle out of lack of skills from the creative powers involving: 1) Watching the field properly after it was " kill ". Come on and see her stuffy and you can see her fat stomach up and life. 2) The scene dies at the end of which actress playing Rosalie dies. It looks like it will listen to the direction and take the sweet time it dies when considering the method. 3) How about the guy playing Dad Roaslie gives us a Griffith Andy poor man. The scene where he is laughing about boy scouts was a weird carpenter. The child is indeed a very bad movie and it's very bad even for the standards of 70 if you want it. This is not a B movie, but more like a Z film and producer Harry Novak makes some money on virtually nothing.
