Yes Awa fights how one can forget about this real show. First they had a very short interview called Marty O'Neil who made "Buck n Roll" Buck Zumhofe look like a nose tackle. Then he was Gene Okerland when he received "crazy as the wrestler" would say either "was out of time" or "Well be right back" to act like he was crazy but actually sounding forced. After going to Wwf Ken Resneck was taken over though his mustache seemed like old soup week stuck in it was a very well interviewed "Georgeous" Jimmy Garvin called mouse figure that made me fall on his chair I laugh. After flying ships then Larry Nelson came on board that he was so bad that Phyllis George would be in an improvement! Then there's Doug McLeod better to announce the struggle ever to make every morning extraordinary with its description of course! Then he was offered more paid by the Minnesota Star Hockey Team. In ringside that can be forgotten Roger Kent that's mispronouncing in words and phrases was historic Like when a wrestler was great "Hes a big-over!" They were drawn or chased by the "Gussets right" guts or when they were running "It punted him" or "The pilgrimage should be banned" after Nick Bockwinkle used it on a discouraging opponent. (Right Roger like you care!) After leaving green money (WWF) they had Rod Trongard who announced style was great, but different. Like a wrestler scratching the sole of his boots across another guy's cheeks he would say "Right across the front-e-lobe" or when a wrèstler is in trouble "Hes in a bad way." He also said baddest AWA, hardest, hardest, most scientists are here right in the AWA! (No more money to Verne Gagne!) After leaving (WWF) Larry (Wheres Phyllis?!) Nelson took over and I would talk to someone else or totally ignore her. (WWE wisely did not take it!) Also Greg Gagne had the ugliest boots I've ever seen a yellow color in something I do not mean. Also when hes looking for the tag it seems he wants to get read on and so that it can run in the nearest toilet! Jumpin J in Brunzell was such a great dropkick artist that you asked why Greg was her partner. Jerry Blackwell (RIP) was also a superstar wrestler but you wonder why Verne was himself involved. (Puhleeeeze!) Then when Vince McMahon would hire Gagnes workers, he would make most of them struggle squash matches. I like to see the Gagne family say real struggles right now!
