I saw this movie, just now, by the time it was released and considered the best photo of the year here in Israel. and summarizing everything right now, I'll just say: this is not a good movie. This is Shaul's second drama drama, and I must admit that his first and the TV drama he did before this picture is best. more, this is his first attempt at directing a drama. Early work was comedy, and they were funny and ineffective. <br /> The first thing you should know if you'll ever see this film: Israel in the 21st Century hates the kibbutz and the values ​​it represents since the formation of the state of Israel. The real situation in the kibbutzim is very stressful, and some of them disappear one by one. The Kibbutz, Hebrew for collective, was a sort of village for only members, where equality and social values ​​were the dogmatic for daily life. with changes in social values ​​and time, it seems now that the kibbutz was a place where the human spirit was reprimanded, close to the pragmatic rules, with no tickets out. Entering capitalist value and way of life in the 90's and so far made it very difficult on the kibbutzim to survive. The crazy mom in the movie is the central metaphor for that. But I consider this movie as nothing to do with nostalgia for the good old days of the kibbutz. Once, it was a dream of every young couple living in a kibbutz and kids got up in this nice and beautiful setting. but the movie shows the opposite. That the kibbutz, with his social dogma, was a sort of place like a crazy person, crazy and insane idea to undermine the freedom of each person in the collective. This is the central philosophy of modern capitalism: your individuality is the most important thing. You must put yourself in the center, and no one else but you are the problem. This movie is philosophy meant, and it's just the first to sin. If you do not agree with me on the political side, I'm sure you will agree that act, the tone of the movie, its script and its direction are the four sins that follow. The movie has no real visual text and none of her shots are something to remember. It is also very "delicate", a delicacy that is no more than trying artsy Fartsy provokes emotions, non-surface, not in the movie and not with the viewer. it brings nothing but boredom. <br /> <br /> Can someone please explain: why this movie has a lot of prizes? Maybe because it shows that Israel is in line with the rest of the world, hates socialism and human values? or maybe it shows that Israel is a "delicate" place, does not give in dogma and fanaticism? that we are fundamentally very human and good people, which can be emotions, especially when they are false, just like capitalists hope to be? or maybe because it says one of the biggest lies in Israeli cinema in recent years, a misleading affirmation of the existence of the Jewish state? no matter what the answer is, it's not a good one. not for the world, not for human values ​​and not for the Jews.
