The first home alone was a decent movie ... the end was pretty much the same, in a new setting. This one tries to be the original, and succeeds in some degrees ... of course, the formula is basically the same, so it's like watching the same movie for the third time and plotting a little changed . The new note is quite bad (though the new "setting traps" piece was, if nothing else, interesting and different), especially compared to the grand score of the first, and the almost-but-not-well note like-good in the second. She (almost) makes up for her using some nice good music that is not original, but it's just not the same. The plot is just, and somewhat the original franchise, but it's still basically the same movie as the first, and worst acting with a less impressive example of 'scary characters turning out to be good'. The act is especially impressive. Characters are mostly caricatures. The new thieves are less entertaining than those old ones (and make fun of spyware-stuff, which is almost criminal, given the limited amount of good spy cops there, and how precious some of them are cool) . The fact that there are more of them (and thus more traps) is just a weak attempt in trying to go one above the first two films ... and it does not work. The idea behind the thieves and missions is a tad too ... adult and serious for a child's movie (and there was a sexual joke or two, though not the first time in the series). It's also unnecessary complex, as is the overall draw. I could follow it, but I doubt a kid could. Some of the exhibits are delivered obviously that even children may find it stupid. Things are generally not fun. There are fewer brothers and sisters, which should mean that people have more developed, but they have fewer people than younger ones featuring those of the first two films. All in all, just not particularly good, or worth seeing, unless you * really * like watching criminal getting hurt in cartoon violence. I recommend this great fan of the series only. 3/10
