This was one of the movies that received a ton of plays on the waves in the early 1970s, usually on the "4am Movie" or once, at 7:30 PM "Channel 6 Big Movie" and still another on feature feature feature .Which local channels used to run movies as part of local programs (mostly going today in favor of infomercial) was in the time. A couple of Abbott Low-Rentals and Wannabees (Frankie Ray and Robert Ball) are in a platoon of soldiers (half a dozen gentlemen of the left Army of Suri) who were sent to field maneuvers to look at some unusual radiation, and wind up encounters extraterrestrial. They first go to Bronson Canyon what would later be the famous Batcave on BATMAN, and meet the remains of a dead carrot monster. And in the cave are being pursued by a carrot-living creature-fundamentally a guy in black suit and top market papers, and sparkly stuff on it with ping-pong eyes. Two of them-geeks completed, Ray and Ball-were captured and wake up to the table tide and were "examined" by space-to-space Poona (nooo kidding!) With stunningly beautiful professors and even moreso of skimpy bikini " uniform ". We were too young at the moment to realize what later slavery and fetish scenarios this scene "exams" would be more than suggested. Turn out that the two gallows and monster carrots are trapped on earth and a well-hidden boat and trying to return to their world. The movie was made as a total comedy with different tastes but remembered this was in the time when Eric Von Zipper and his crew of Frankie and Annette's movie were the height of B- film, drive-in comedy. So it only seemed a natural jump on the move for some quick bucks. <br /> For some reason I only thought I'd imagine seeing this movie starting with. No, I really saw it. But when it was released on "restore" DVD I was assured of my memory. The comedy goes from lusty humor to just plain stupid, but whatever.The budget is non-existent, which is a minor miracle when you think about it, that he even did and we can talk about a "restore" version here and now-over 40 years later. The regulation is the girls who want to learn about "love" and "kiss" and, the upshot is the geeks - that all of us have - find the girls and love to wander out. It's just jumpy and funny and for places, there are nostalgic meanings.
