Apparently, Shakespeare is equal to high that is equal to turning a bunch of people out to see something for what it really is. At one point in this movie, someone (I believe Pacino's producer) warns him that film is getting track, that he once was about how mass to think about Shakespeare in the car of Richard III. Instead he decided to shoot a cut off play and random comments poured at all. There are some scenes that seem to be included as a home theater for Al (there was really any reason for the quick visit of the Shakespeare landmark, other than for a laugh at something unexpected happen there?), And before movie At really even starting, we are treated to see al preparations around and act nice and funny for the camera. I thought her unusual act and house near the GODFATHER III end and the throat knife was an ACT - but apparently she's how everything really behaves to people. <br /> <br /> Ase rambling. Here's a smattering drop why I did not even make it 3/4 of the way in this: 1) Pretention - Always know when the camera is over it, whether it acts as Richard or a 'real' Conversation with someone - you can see it in the corner of his eyes, too, some of the actors around the repetition table become untethered and the extreme hosted host. If anyone reads this ever has any time with a group of actors and has witnessed this kind of thing from outside, it's unbearable. "Look at me, grind all the scenery!" 2) Winona Ryder. When she looks like Lady Anne, this movie comes to a halt stop, which she never recovers. It's nothing to add to the discussion scenes but the camera fears about it brings to the kiddo. His performance is obnoxious, in boots. 3) The things you really learn from this are said to you by many intellectuals filmmakers are trying to keep from the picture. Of course, you also learn that Pacino should not direct films (or make Richard in the first place). I'd rather watch BOBBY DEERFIELD than that. <br /> Finally, she plays in and learns for yourself. Go out and see it. In 1997, I saw plays performed at the University of Washington Ethnic Cultural Theater, and he did what we see in this film looks like high school drama (except for the Free Clarence Claw! My God! Was It Necessary? !) <br /> <br /> It's all just a bunch of sounds and anger, Nada's meaning.
