Wha-BAM! Someone surely had fun devouring a whole truck of mushroom acids and then instantly skipping this crazy excuse for a motion picture! Writer Howard Cohen expanded the concept of "Sword & Sorcery" with a couple of extra ss, such as Sex, Silliness, (plus) Sex and Sheer Clown! This is not just a movie, this is every juvenile dream of kid & fantasy has come true! "Deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, troll, mud-licking women, rape, successful violence, life-sized pig (!), Terrible puppies, muscular body oil lenses, multi-sexual orientation, gay warriors , for-the-death, delirious witches, unraveling, wicked bandits and holy, holy, BOOOOOOOOOBIES! "Deathstalker" literally wet the floor and obvious role-model "Conan: The Barber" when it comes to cheese theme and absolute flamboyant. The story is, of course, of minor importance. Lone and gay (only he does not know yet) Warrior Deathstalker goes on a mission, as ordered by an annoying witch, to pick up three notorious elements of creation ?? or something like that. On his journey, he combines forces with a troll-turned-human, a fighter that's even spreading than it is with - but not least - an appetizing lady who does not really seem to have a strong support in the concept of bra. Together they head for the kingdom of Munkar ultimately hurt where they will be involved in a warrior competition and conquer no less than two out of three elements. Munkar is a bald guy with a half-web of a tattoos spider on his skull and an impressive harem that would even make the rich rich rich and jealous oil. Well, granted, "Deathstalker" is a very damn awful and at times even undesirable films. Sequences to fight are lame and costly and make-up effects are outrageous. For a moment, when looking at the open sequence, I was actually scared I was watching the "Trol; Prequel". The monsters look incredibly cheesy and the complete opposite as menacing, but it's entertainment clouds if you're in an undemanding mood. I suppose this is not a favorite among feminists, as the overall painting of women is a bit ?? at ?? discrimination. Most of the gals only serve as eye candy in the harem. They are allowed to crawl on the naked floor and play in the mud, but strictly forbidden to open their mouths. The "leading" women (Barbados Benton and Lana Clarkson) are ravishing but - in all honesty - if it would not be for continuous exposure, they would hardly be worth mentioning, either.
