Syrians swept the critics on the release and everything seemed to be ravaged about it. I suppose it is one of those intense films that are smart ... So clever that I think you need to be well versed in the oil industry with a politically brilliant idea. I do not consider myself unintelligent, I have been studying politics since my early teens and I enjoy a smart movie but for the most part unless it's a documentary film they are meant to be primarily fun as well as having a message. Syrians tried to intelligently and turned some people away. I would even go so far as to say that people are rave about it and insist it to a 10/10 to lie because they think they look better. This movie was more confusing, meaningful, dribble sense I saw in a moment ... Especially consider the critical criticism, the Oscar nods, and the cast. Screenplay writer Stephen Gaghan was ashamed of me. She was doing the original movie raid before this movie and I think it's just trying to way too hard. I can not believe he has offered the opportunity to write the Da Vinci Code Scenario. On top of that Gaghan led the film that made it an absolute mess. I had no idea who was, why things were happening, who was that and what was that. It was a disaster. Because I do not really know who I could only mention the actors and what I thought about their performance because despite the horrendously complicated actor script they did well. George Clooney plays C.I.A. silver garden and killer i think ?? Bob Barnes. Clooney has never been a favorite, but recently he managed to churn out some decent performance and this seemed to be a very good performance on his part. Barnes was a complex character with a brutal story and if I knew what was going on with him I would really enjoy his character. Matt Damon plays Bryan Woodman and is rather bland and always looks like a deer in the light ahead that I can understand her confusion after reading this script and then trying to do it. Amanda Peet plays his wife and does well in the few scenes he gives. Christopher Plummer makes a appearing appearance as someone to do something. I love Plummer and likes to see him show up even if he does not get bills again. Throwing is intense if only the story has made sense. I would like the exact quote description on plot on IMDb. "A missile disappears in Iran, but the CIA has other issues: the Emirate of an Emirate to provide an oil contract in China, cutting off a US company that promptly fires its immigrant workers and merging with a small farm that landed a oil deals Kazakhstani Department of Justice suspects corruption, and the firm's firm oil finds a scapegoat .The CIA also needs one when its plotting to kill the emam-apparent failed. Agent Bob Barnes, the fallen guy, sort out the cross Double siblings parlays her son's death in a deal for Sheik CIA's advisers want to die. Pakistanis is unemployed joining a fundamentalist group .. All roads begin and end in the oil fields. "WHAT! Say what ?? Syrians might be the movie person to think of but it bored me in tears and no matter how hard I tried to stay with it I eventually repaid and turned it after an hour and a half and you did not. could be bribed me enough to get me to finish it. I suppose if you want to form an opinion than by all means to look it, but I promise you a person looking for entertainment, or an enjoyable movie sleeping in the first half hour. 1/10
