Woosh ??! Man ?? What can I say ...? <br /> <br /> Opening-the-scenes, maybe? We see a lot of mongoids-barbarians and bad make-up jumps on the walls of some crush. They sneak around and attack some dude and a scantily girl dress up prisoner. The dude runs, the mongoids follow it and one of them stays behind violently violating the girl, but instead exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps. Then the dude (always on the run) sees a horse and tries to steal it. Toudenkou? a blonde god like hero looking with a bad wig appeared and said, "That's my horse!". Deathstalker's death just did its appearance. The Mongolians arrive, Deathstalker kills all of them (including the dude) about the tunes of some rather the appropriate Mexican western notes (this is a sword & witch flicker, so this with the 'arriba trompettos ?), And then go up to captive girl and expose her breasts. It starts rubbing with fascinating girls looks like it. He begins to smile his mouth and fears Deathstalker. Just when they're down to get it, this old dude appears, interrupting what could have been a perfect day for Deathstalker (with a possible finishing finish for a short movie). Now tell me ?? Is it not the point where either a feminist would have changed the movie, or any other viewer would say "This will be a hell of a good movie!" The plot is as simple as throwing a kitten out of the balcony: Deathstalker must find the sword of justice and use it to steal the amulet of life and the chalice of magic from the evil magician Munkar. decapitation, unraveling, bloodshed, fighting late nuts and nasty sword fighting, this movie also has a massive amount of t! t & a $ vaccine. I initially wanted to add one extra point to this film for each rash shot of naked rub that I could count. After 9 points (not even half of the movie), I gave up counting. He distracted me from the rest of the movie. And the rest of the movie was worth it. Totally crazy thing. Check out this mutant cat / worm-like Creole Munkar has as a pet with which he eyeballs and fingers. And here is an interesting question: What would you do if a man in the body of a woman would enter your room and try to kill you with a knife? The answer is simple: You calm down in a bit, take the knife and then try to break it. Then you discover that it is actually not a woman, so you throw her out of your bed and tell her to leave your room. She works well, I tell you. Deathstalker does it too, and the Deathstalker-style is a great way! DEATHSTALKER is a wonderful movie, really, as pointed out in other comments. The wicked are vile. Girls are tasty. There are blood, sex, violence, rape and delicious chicken. There is a completely free tournament that just features a bunch of Barbarians beating, hacking and hacking the crap from each other. My favorite weapon used in this tournament was a giant wooden hammer, used to beat a poor competitor in blood. And my favorite contender was undoubtedly that one brutal with the Warthog head (reminiscent of Gamorrean guards from returning to the GUED). I will not reveal how the film ends, but just preparing to ravish in fun when I tell you is a 4-way untimely disposal of the movie's Biggest Movie. <br /> And of course, there's a wonderful display of ineptitude throughout the entire movie. Watching a guy being dragged behind a horse on a dirt road, with his point-of-view shot next to his show was dragging on grass (no road). See that awesome tattoo on top of the magician magic changed where to the same scene (on shot has it on the left side of the head, the other on the right). Well, after all, Munkar is a magician. It's that, or this movie was shot in an alternate universe where things like "continuity" simply do not exist. <br /> As much as I enjoyed this and as much as I'm looking forward to the other 3 installments in this series, I have enough shredder in the end to let's not let this movie pass. I'm prepared, though, giving it the maximum amount of points, just so I could be able to deduct a couple of more points for their succession. DEATHSTALKER could be a fun superbly, trashy & sleazy CONAN rip-off, it is also an abominable movie.
