I was looking at Hollywood's video last night with a friend trying to find a good-looking horror movie watching over the New Year weekend. As I was looking at the shelves, "Severed" spotted my eyes, and I grabbed it in the shelf and it looked like it could be a decent movie B-decent movie. The cover looks fairly good. The semi-interesting blowing scheme. So I rent it. What a mistake. Do not be fooled by the lid, which actually looks decent. I think more money spent on the artwork is covered than the movie itself. The film follows two police detective following a voodoo-inspired, ritualistic bloodthirsty series called "The Top Hunter", who decimates the victims left and right in some unnamed cities (probably Los Angeles), and they draw in his world ritualized murder. <br /> <br /> History sounds a bit good? Well, it is, and this movie could have been half decent. But good God, it was bad! Almost everything about it was mockingly. The opening scene features some redheaded actresses in a car trying to talk about this cell phone, outdated, and for whatever reason, he goes out and speaks to some guys. Then a shadow comes behind them, trains on his head, and the girl drops to the ground and begins to crawl (for absolutely no reason) while trying to call 911. Odd sounds? Yes, you bet it is. The movie all seems to have filmed it on a VHS-quality camera, and I am assuming it was. The act was especially terrible, and the special effects were far from credible. And the scenes with the policemen in the phone were terrible - the voice on the other line was echoed and sounded as it was recorded in someone's toilet. Everything about this movie was simply humorous and tiring, and it did not keep my interest for many years, and I often found myself bored and tired, especially because of the bad act and the terrible movie. The rhythm was bad. Everything was just wrong. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Severed" is a failed attempt at what could be a decent B-movie. The plot was good and I think if this movie was busy and it had a higher budget, it might have been well. But this film fell flat on her face. If you are waiting for something semi-decent, you will be seriously disappointed. Only recommended if you can tolerate D-class flip-flops. Otherwise, you'll probably want to stay away from this straight-to-video dump. It has a little potential, but it was beyond a mess. 1/10.
