I must admit that this "re-imagined" movie of the original 1968 was a great disappointment. Especially when taken into consideration that this is a movie by Tim Burton. It is defenetly one of the most original, and, might say, cool director of Hollywood has produced. <br /> I'm personally a big fan of her work, but something obviously went wrong and shouted his last movie, The Planet in the Hills. I really enjoyed the original movie. When it was first out people expected just another science fiction science fiction, but a surprise is supposed to fully prove the theory of evil. It has indeed a clear cut message. An obvious anti-war message. Fearing in the cold war, where he took the world and fear of using nuclear weapons played a major role in the mind of the movie-makers. Those reasons why the movie climbs above all expectations and it has become an instant classic. Although, the new movie, "re-doing" or whatever, let's do anything. No message, no ideal behind it. It's just another money-minded summer blockbuster. Visually Tim Burton does not let you down. The black and creepy settings were excellent and of course the make up was terrific. It is obvious that it is not enough to keep people interested in a movie. There is an interesting plot or scenario. In this movie the plot is very refreshing and it is very seriously thought out. The script is lame and full of gaps. It seems that this movie was written in a great hurry. The explanation why my monks are there, and why ruling the planet was indeed very stupid and has proven the script writer expressions. He raised a lot of questions, which had no reasonable answers. br /> <br /> For example; Why did they speak English?, Why they had other species specific than chimpanzees on the planet (provided they had only the chain of spacecraft that the crash landed on the planet) where the hell of all these out? How were a few chimps able to evolve at a high rise in all kinds of monkeys in only a thousand years. (I mean it took a few million years to evolve out of the monkey in person!) And finally, the surprise of the bad surprise was just mute plane. He was probably just thrown into because the original film was like an end, then felt that the audience was waiting for the kind of finishing. The finish also raises a lot of questions, which I know, no smart answear. Did Teyyd learn to work the space ship, which was less powerfull, and learned to fly back in time and take the world one hand? And, what he did, crossed with all the women? And to say that that would happen, I higly doubt that history would remain the same as Washington should build exactly as it is today! (I mean wouln't have a banana instead of the memory?) Well, just say something positive about the movie. Some of the cast was great. Character Helen Bonham Carter was interesting and well-acting, as for Tim Roth as Theid. It was very good, slightly exaturated at some point in the movie. Michael Clark Duncan was also fine. I was not happy with Marc Whalberg. It is not much of an actor, and plays here a very twin color-less character. Very unbielevable and nothing compared to Hestons characters in the original. And the main female character had no reason or place in the movie. He just casted for their looks. Slowly said a word in the entire movie. <br /> Well, I think in the future when people think about the planet of the Saints, they will think about the original one. The last will soon be forgotten.
