This film is another of Timothy Burton's attempts to capitalize on an unfamiliar title to bring his vision to the screen. He did it with 'Batman', `Sleepy Hollow 'and now this. This is not a remake. The only thing she has in common with the original is that she has syllables that can speak (and Charleton Heston makes a call). Burton has reconstructed the whole story, watering it down for mass viewers today. <br /> <br /> The original planet of the saints was a product of its time. During the 1960's, America was struggling to redefine its civilization. It was a turbulent time of soul research and repetition of social norms. It was the civil rights era where the time group considered inferior is required to be treated as equal. In this context, POTA was allegorical, reflecting the philosophical turmoil of confronting the hearings of the day. POTA was a highly intelligent film that hacked challenging and chic questions that led to asthma in American society until investigation by making the white guy justified his intelligence in a species he considered inferior. The dialectic between Colonel Taylor (Charleton Heston), Dr. Cornelius (Roddy McDowall) and Dr. Zira (Kim Hunter) thought provocative and intelligent and irony both subtle and obvious. Burton's version <br /> <br /> is as much a product of today as POTA was in the sixties. This is Apes for Dummies. It is superficial and jejune, replacing politically correct platitudes for intelligent dialogue and focus more on form than substance. The Finish `surprise 'is utterly absolute and contributes nothing to the film except a cliffhanger who lays the end. While the original finish of POTA gracefully sets everything together in a single powerful scene, Burton ends simply mocking the audience, taunting, 'I know something you do not know, and you will have to wait for the end to find out . "From a technical perspective, as is the case with Burton's film, the movie is excellent. The makeup is fantastic and Burton is exceptional (though I continue to watch her dark look). However, thirty-three years of progress in prosthetic makeup can not be compensated for the insulin blank script. <br /> <br /> The story has been reduced to a monster movie. The group of people joined Captain Davidson (Mark Wahlberg) to fight the monstrous apes, helping and abetted by a few turncoats (emanely Helena Bonham Carter as Ari). The presentation is formal and simplistic and very violent, perfect for fast food mentality today. <br /> <br /> The act mixes. Mark Wahlberg is a fine actor who merely miscast in this role. Walberg is excellent in playing darkness, diving characters who are suffering from strong hands. This part requires an inspirational hero, a profile not in the Wahlberg's repertoire. Helena Bonham Carter is a brilliant actor whose character is so far under its ability that the disconnect is mockable. She tries to desperately try to do something with the delicate character, but her interpretation is presented as a cross between a college peaceful demonstration and loving teenager. Then there is Tim Roth. It's a virtuoso performance, single-handedly saving the movie from total ruin. Roth is devilish lovers as the General Malware Thade. He creates one of the most cruel and evil males I can remember at some time. In addition, its physical action is superlative, rendering a chimp-like person that is such a perfect meld that one can almost believe that the species exist. <br /> <br /> This movie is a great disappointment. It is decent fun, as long as you check your brain at the door. I rated it a 3/10. From a technical perspective it is better than that, maybe a 9/10. However the story is an insult to the original franchise. It is simply another attempt by Burton to self-adultery, using a familiar title to attract crowds from box office so many people can see what a genius it is. Of course, it is true, but it would be great if it used to produce substantial films of talent, instead of being quite well-formulated for mass consumption.
