If there is one thing that annoys me most in seeing a bad movie, he sees it does not have experienced film-makers to know better. This "re-imagining" planet of the Apes could use some imagination, to say nothing of the essential elements of character development. Nova, the girl of the original planet in the APs, was a better character developed than Daena in this version, for all that it does not say a single word. One certainly hopes a lot better in Tim Burton, a man who has hitherto combined an incredible visual imagination with intelligence, understanding and humor, all of which were notably absent in this production. <br /> There is the basic problem to draw development. The first big mistake allowed people to talk. This is the fundamental difference between husband and wife who made * all * the difference in the original movie. Even while he was mute, his ability to communicate was what marked Taylor Heston's mark as being different from the others. In the current film, Mark Wahlberg urges the slaves of the human (talk) for riot, but there is no reason not to have rebellion and claim their emancipation already. They are drugs-tools users and have the ability to communicate in order to form plans, something dumb can not do. He does not need anyone to fall from the stars to save them. Indeed, since it comes from a technological civilization and finds itself in a pre-tech era (at first) any gadgets to help him, it is Wahlberg that should be at a disadvantage, not the people who used to live la. <br /> It was sad to see Helena Bonham Carter working so hard to generate some spark between himself and that brick wall unresponsive Mark Wahlberg. His best scene was with Roth's wicked. <br /> <br /> People were practically ignored until they needed the third act, at which point Daena began to show some real interest in Davidson (Wahlberg), and a young boy suddenly changed from part of the background of a gung-hoist freedom-fighter. This was poor character development. (Estella Warren, in particular, looked as if he could be a great deal more he gave in the script). Wahlberg's element in the end as those people see in him were certainly shared by me, as he had just interacted with the people at all. <br /> Creating the Saints: Half a plus point and two ministers: Ape Make-up was excellent on men, particularly Michael Clarke Duncan who has extremely expressive eyes (which was why she was so good at the Green Mile), and The makeup design allows him to use them completely. But women look like nothing on the ground, neither the monkey nor the human. Ministers were the monkey jumps that looked as realistic as Gordon's Flash Rocket: Jumping jumping look as if they were just fired from a catapult, they had no in favor of the long-limbed true genuine. Secondly, the sound of the poor mix - when the gorillas roar it quite clearly armed in some animals, probably feline, making them sound ridiculous and unrealistic. In the original movie, various "people" things are done and say they are busy as light relief ("I never knew a Mark I do not like.") "Human view, people do!"). Here, the hell is just talking matter-of-fact exactly as 21st century people do, and there is no humor in it at all. The only true original idea was Ari writing with his feet. <br /> <br /> There is nothing that makes me get over "V-Ger in Star Trek" moments near the end of the movie. First of all, it was apparently able to read Roman writings in the past, to know the names of the forbidden Zone in its formally hidden part. Secondly, the mysterious inscription is merely covered with Sand that Wahlberg just brushes away, something any Ape could have done centuries ago. The moment was, for me, far worse than the most maligned finish of the movie. <br /> <br /> Things that nature, however, are typical of today's science fiction cinema. Returning to the '60s and' 70s, they generally did not have the budget to convince futuristic together, but they were faced with original original themes and ideas that were really fictional science. I think in 2001: A Space Odyssey, 1967 Planet of Hiking, THX1138, Soylent Green, Silent Running and Solar 1972. The first thick planets even use only scientifically valid and physical methods to travel in time. However, this film includes just about all fiction science fiction clips: Space Storm, Anomaly and Worm Hole from Star Trek; The planets of the solar system and the moons are apparently all visible together as large globes (in fact from any one planet, all other bodies, even their own moons, are just the point of light); a conventional craft that travels from Saturn to Earth in a matter of minutes instead of years; Two-thousand-year-old equipment shoots up and fully works the hero half of the press button. To say there is nothing in a virtually odd bullet glass door. In a contemporary setting, you should explain * why * it was proof of bullets, but because of the "science fiction" you do not need! <br /> <br /> In general, Burton's most irritating film.
