Warning: Spoilers Galore! Tim Burton noticed this sinus movie film is about as sensitive as renaming Psycho - oh, that's right, some idiot has already done so - I rest my case. <br /> /> Open movie and chimpnaut a simulator, proving it is not smart from the start. Marky Mark appears in shot without his girlfriend's features that show, then being turned down to a plain woman who prefers touching the chimpanzee. <br /> <br /> The perfection set in the space station orbiting station for any reason, the interior of a boat-hustle and genetic experience. Do we have to travel 1.300 million miles to Saturn to experience these? The special team's effect decided it. <br /> <br /> The Marky Chimp gets lost in the staple of the 60s Sci-Fi Cinema - Time Warp. Marky then demonstrates the mindless self-boggling security space by stealing a pod without anyone noticing, while simultanously demonstrating its addictive sort of mounting a deep-space relief mission in a worm hole for a expedable testing chimp, and a million vehicles with limited fuel and oxygen supply. Before anyone can say 'Pointless Remake' Marky had surfaced the glass-hole, crashed on an alien planet, removing his helmet without any thought of lethality in the atmosphere and is being pursued by a Sound stages that almost resemble a lush forest, if it were not for the plastic cliegs to the plastic trees. <br /> <br /> Surprise! It APES is doing the chasing - or at least, it * would * have been a surprise if no one saw the Planet will have three years-three years. <br /> Since Marky Mark did not get to show him ', take down his pants, or lick his lips whiteboy rap, he was character. Michael Gorke Michael Clarke Duncan appeared crookedly helped extensively to establish his * lack of character. Helena Bonham-Carter (aka irresistible chemical activist), at a loss without a Shakespearean script, has done a great job of outdoing both Marky and Clarke as most cutout papers. Paul Giamatti, the orangutan slave trader, guarantees the role of comic signs and interspecies klutz. Even though I grew up in a deep sense of this film, one title review captured the essence of this planet of Apes 're-imagining': 'Apes in Roth'. While all the other subjects such as extras from One Million Years BC or Greystoke, Tim Roth, as Chimpanzee Thade, chews massive amounts of landscapes and hurls shit splendiferously. As fun as his painting in the psychotic thade thade, his character was missing a behavioral ark: Thade is upset when we first meet him ... and it is pretty much at the same level in the angry end of the movie. Very nice. The original poem (1968) featured a leading character, Taylor Charlton Heston, who was so disenchanted with humanity that he left the earth for space with no regrets - again as film progress, Taylor unwittenly found herself close to a proven fight to mankind worth - like the sole champion! The original film was finally a story of humiliation, not saved: when Taylor discovered the Statue of Liberty, he was forced to realize that his species had no power. Is there something cerebral or ironic in the Mark Mark Mark? Or Thade Roth? No, but there is plenty to run. <br /> <br /> The slogans wept: Take Back the Planet .But it's the APES planet. In this film, people with ill-crushed land here together, those who have degenerated to cavepeople, allowing the coroner to talk to sensory body weapons; My will be for the heir of the planet! Together comes Marky Mark, in the true anthropocentric arrogance, taking it for granted that people have to be prey to Apex, simply because they're there. "Taking it back 'is as comic as landing artist here in 2001, complains,' A place where people evolved from APES ?? !! 'and then causing problems with invading themes and hairstyles on his whole body. <br /> <br /> Heston was thrown in the POTA 1938 because he established his reputation as a maverick: he was Ben-Hur, Michelangelo, Moses! To throw him like the mute, cattle In an alien society, stupefy attended the audience: how crazy should be a world where our man Charlton can not order for respect? Marky Mark has now only established that he has tight hoops. Though Heston has been stunned constantly The Great Ape, it dominates the screen with its charisma and gorgeous overacting. When Marky Mark tries to encourage people in mongoids, it's like what folk guys at school suddenly had to do classroom controllers, who told you Stop drawing pennies on the board and throw a shoe at him. Burton tries to elevate Marky into the iconic icon, but it comes over as they In the original movie, I considered Taylor a devout, but he was, in audience and seniors gathered, an icon of humanity. That ion again. <br /> It was just that a man who elevated scene-milling into a acting technique - Heston - should play the father of the prime scene-chewer movie, Thaddeus Roth. As Roth-father-in-law, Charlton made her own immortal line, turned to people this time, "Damn Them! Damn Them All In Hell!" The movie becomes dumb and dumber towards the end. Thaddeus is giving Marky a donkey-beaten, a poddy down from the high and Marky's chimpnaut into it. Apes demonstrate the errors of the obedience of this unbelieving creature, while Marky proves his self in muttering, Let's teach these monkeys about evolution. ' First of all, it was the genetic manipulation and manufacturing of imbilsic drawings that made the saints at this point, not evolution. And what you intend to teach is not to blame them with Lasergun who is called to call misanthropy, not evolution. <br /> <br /> Giving away the end of the twist would only confuse viewers urgently believing that Estella Warren's role-half was actually integral to the draw (be still my pants.) No matter what he was the ultimate hope of mankind in hope; in the end, the jaguars take Marky to prison prison Prison where he was last heard uzulating, "It's a madhouse! A Wife !! ... '
