Spoiler alert ?? although I think this one has been spoiled coming out of the case ?? It's hard to imagine that a movie with these stars, from this studio, made in this time period, would be so awful, but it is. It's the biggest movie's flaws by far as it just makes no sense of humor. <br /> <br /> Rich Indian American Aristocrat Penn Gaylord leaves his daughter "in charge" and goes to the First World War where he is dead. Then we flash forward to present day (1942) and total confusion. The three sisters in the courts say they spent the last twenty years, and some jumble called Barclay trying to take their home away from them. This is just the beginning of an endless series of unanswered questions including the script, plus the hole in it than the Warren Report. What happened to the fortune of Gaylord? If the willingness is worth half a billion, why does the family house go to a luxurious palace in the house on the Munsters? Which devil is this Barclay clown? And why can he take someone away from them? Questions are just piles on top more questions. <br /> <br /> George Brent's usually bland and spacious playing Barclay, who is inexplikably a total turkey trumping all over, taking whatever the crap he wants no matter who he belongs to without a punishment of guilt; But no one among Fiona (Barbara Stanwick) seems to be particularly influenced by this Christian. Why? None of these questions have ever been answered. We instead follow Fiona's life from one wrecked trail to another, the evil Barclay takes home, her fortune, and even her children. What is it? Shoot it? Put on fire? No, too logical. In a completely unobtrusive wrap-up, this woman, who's only romantic involvement with Barclay, was saved for the technique of marriage, rape, suddenly decided to intercept (literally) that he did not hate her, . And they will live happily ever after. All of a sudden for no reason in the world, this model is early female role of independence and transforming the usual fabric to the twisted twisting fabric most commonly found in the film this era. Yeah, be sure, steal everything in the world that belongs to me and I'll fall in love with you. What planet does this happen? I can only guess why I've never heard of this film before I got to catch it on Turner is that it was as lost on contemporary audiences as it is today.
