I wish more movies were two hours. On the other hand, I wish more civilian Indian Civil War was FREE for two hours. "Gone to the Wind", "Gettysburg" - that's about the length I've come to expect; although these are at least entertained for quite a few hours; and even "Gettysburg" lasted as long as he did because things happened to his neck. <br /> In contrast to Ang Lee's film is stuffed. It actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours. That was not a compliment. It's really not different to any other form of deprivation: at the moment it feels as if it never ends, and later it seems to have taken no time at all. <br /> <br /> The movie gets off on evil foot, as Lee plays its unbelievable credibility START the opening footage (bad mistake) in which we are featured in some characters we take an instant flu and will later suffer. Both of them are Jake, the son of German immigrants who are supporters of Lincoln, and Jack, an equally focused Southerner whose value Jake shares. (I was re-reading this phrase to ensure that I did not write "Jack" instead of "Jake" at some points or vice versa.) Two go to become "bushwhackers" - South militias who strongly lust after revenge and violence that can not even be bothered to join the South Army's official, which I suppose is for sissies. I'm afraid Lee lost me. It's easy to feel for moral mistakes: if we have some reason to love them, or feel like we know them in a way, then the moral defects can take care of them all more again. Not so here. We do not well present Jake for at least an hour; when it becomes clear it is a gormless button to a man, who is not a Confederate by many choices by habit - the type of person who says and does that all around him says and does, whose psychology is purely imitate. People are associated with either just or positively wrong in some way refreshing ways. I found myself brilliant whenever the North rider appeared on the screen. I thought: good - kill the rebels, end the war, let me go home. <br /> <br /> Agravating this problem is the horrific, terrible dialogue. Everyone speaks of the same twin southern accent. I have heard accents from all over the English world that speaks to this is the worst of them all. I do not care if the Sisters really spoke like that, it's simply not just asking a hearing to listen to it for two hours. And believe me, we listen to her for two full days: Lee's photos are one to speak, largely because characters have long been saying what they mean in their ungrammatical, say-all-three-times, folksy drawl. It would help if they talked faster, but not much. Can not these people find a more effective language in which to communicate? <br /> In short: the movie is little, but a gallery of exact characters unattractiv that does not have inner life, who speak in an ugly offensive mode of speech, which does not bathe often enough, that nothing of interest happens, despite being involved in a war. Good point? Jewel was beautiful looking, and so was the landscape. But I have complaints even here. The cinematography, nicely framed, looked as if someone had movie-movie films for black and white by mistake; And folks for Jewel, we were rooted in with his body, but never actually allowed to contemplate it, which I think is the least we ought to have.
