** SPOILERS ** This was an ugly movie, and I'm sorry I watched it. Like Dobermann John Back, he suffered mainly from poor correction - or lack of it. It is as if the director was so in love with his work that instead of cutting the movie down at a speed that kept your attention, he added all of the foot he fired together. There may be two cool scenes in the entire movie. One of them is * SPOILER * when Benkei is petrified and the camera starts spinning around it. That was cool - but okay, we got it! Move on please! The camera will not stop spinning around this guy! There may be one or two coolest scenes that I forget about this flood of mediocrity, but the last show scene is not one of them! It may be because of unlike the sword-touching scene earlier, Shanao is not masked - but just because the director could not find a stuntman who would rather say Asan Tadanobu does not give him the right to go ahead and make up 80 in the sword fight with extreme close-ups in clashes clashes! And all from the same angle, I can add. The director should learn from the American producing 1995 Bullet-Train Movie Ninja Hunt! I personally saw scenes of village attack as a pay tribute paid to social activists in the previous generation who were confronted by the police in the violent protests in their college years. The situation where innocence is being harassed by a branch of authority and army of government wants to understand seems to be a common message in the Japanese media, due to the strong influence of socialism and communism that is a political minority. Movie versions of GTO and Kintaro Man Wages are two other recent examples * END SPOILER * I do not understand. I just do not understand why people who do not speak the language of the film get praised worthy of this material. Maybe the worst was lost in the translation. Finishing in the movie - on which marketing played a lot, is a different interpretation of the legendary encounter between Shanao and Benkei. But this legend is not famous in Japanese tradition, and it is so detached from contemporary terms, that after 138 minutes of playing visual technique, who cares about how the director wants to re-interpret the story! Director of Sasaki Hirohisa OOO said that there was an unpleasant trend among Japan's new directors to ignore Japanese audiences, and target cinemas for foreign film festivals - in order to get faster international fame. This works, although it does not make sense, because the point at an international film festival is to present in the world what kind of movies are being made in other countries - the type of WATCH people in these countries. Certainly not Gojoe with the love.
