Well, where to start? I guess I can start with the general complaint about the way in which this film is marketed. Call me ignorant because they do not know Schneebaum books before watching the documentary based on it and deciding that I lived under some kind of a rock, but not to blame me for picking this movie up since the title and description of The box does not make any notes to the fact that this "documentary" is actually a book companion. Yeah, I felt quite stupid after watching this little flick to see how the reason why I sat for watching it in the first place was to find a good portion of a "modern Cannibal Account." I mean, am I crazy for waiting for this film to actually cover most of her story about the behavior of the jungle tribal cannibalism? I certainly did not expect an hour and forty-five minutes into one old geezer kissing his ass by whining about every little detail of his dull and torn life. I certainly did not expect the insurance to be directed and I better did not expect myself to laugh at that hard in Tobias Schneebaum and all of her over-set glory. <br /> <br /> Schneebaum is indeed ineffective. The old man just rambles and bitch movie all makes the whole picture a personal story of it though it is not even interesting to a character to complete a story. Oh really? Was it a cannibal? The eighty percent of the movie focuses on the next nothing about the past of Snowebaum. Only once we really get to see some cannibal action is when Tobias ultimately broke the silent treatment of what happened to him in Peru and said he was "a bit." That's it, folks. Eight minutes of bull later with Tobias Schneebaum is a cannibal by three inches. It's like calling a movie "The Life of a True Don Juan" only to see that only the protagonist's time of film has done something sexual happened during college when he once played "just tip." Incredible. The report is, indeed, superbly frightening because there is no sink or rhythm in the story being told. Well, I understand that I have not read the Schneebaum volume before watching her celluloid history, but I can still recognize some bad rhythms and even worse correction. One minute Schneebaum is talking about cruise ships and tourists and the next it will be over and over on how it can not drive and then jumping to talk about some dead relatives or some legendary failures and misery of his life. I mean, Jesus, you can at least slam her story back to the first part; followed up with some items covering his homosexuality and then finished it off with a hearty look at his visit to Peru? Also: I'm not particularly careful about insipiding the little Xsibird about life and living, but at least complaining the old man keeps consistent with his ramblings. If I hear a guy talking about how he prefers life in the jungle I do not expect him suddenly brun and moan about wanting to go back twenty minutes later. Absid. Another note on the LED is the random clips in the story from the small TV appearances in which our hero appeared. While some may find clips to be fancy little breaks in the story, the director overused the guard and smashed his entire movie into pieces by seemingly trying to put most of the efforts to tell the story about the old coils. <br /> The bottom line, here, is that Tobias Schneebaum is a fraud. Most and simple. I know I do not read the book, but I always keep on the argument that this movie is totally useless by anything that a good movie should stand on its own. This documentary depended too much on the assumption that the viewer is already an avid fan of Schneebaum's work and instead goes in from this assumption as a supplementary disk found on a DVD. Schneebaum is both arrogant and bitchy, striking a combination back when mixing with the fact that its history is remarkably un-riveting. If you are looking for a solid piece on the nature of man and cannibalism, turn away because "Keeping the River to Your Right" is an anbarrassingly hilarious independent portion of a man who is long overdue for a straightforward jacket and a gag .
