It was with a simplest time (sixties), a simpler place (San Francisco), where a man could make a simple movie about a psychiatric psychic psychotic drug drug as a woman on non-acid never end up dreaming and interrupting their flashbacks while they have a multi-racial banning orientation regardless of financial liability or moral consequences. <br /> <br /> This movie, tired, slow, boring, is the worst example of heavy artistic attitudes to heavy art school than art in the mid 70's. and I love it! Once this wrecked trains in endless motion slows crawling ins and heavy reverbed echo acids guitar acid guide begins you can not take your eyes off in it until the ridiculous and absurd end. Its kind of cross between Jesus Christ superstar, beyond the bottom of the dolls, and an acidic journey is truly discouraged by your parents on a water bed. it's a wrecked, completely fascinating trawl, and also a great snapshot of the worst (or better) element of b-grade sixties genre genre genre. <br /> <br /> The plot. <br /> <br /> I'll just tell you the draw because you will hardly be able to say what is happening due to the combination combinations of constant corrective events that may or may not occur in characters that can or may not themselves, and The figure painted hippy freak Nike endlessly cavorting over in the banal sequence of performance centrist censorship levels such as street theater. <br /> <br /> "Logan" is a iconoklast movie maker really bothers who is calling to people who are surrounded by a mostly silent film equipment that always drives acid and has what looks like really bad orgies . Richard Dreyfus has a superior role as what looks like the accountant. The movie team seems to hate him for some reason and breaks from laughing maniacally to his torment. The "Suzanne" title is a blonde willowy that stays vacuously in space with the totally crazy "character" character of the character. The "artist" will be completely upset, by the way. either from hamfisted it overacting or the incredible horror of painting it. all of course terrible nature of Susanne. some other characters are randomly shown up, a cigar chumping character "man". who is also hot for my Suzanne guess. it has a monologue. I could not really ever figure out what he did with the story except everyone hated the "man" back then and you could not make a movie without one. There is also a dumb girl. The dumb girl paid off by the end of my trust, it's incredibly stupid.
