Mindless dribble about the second coming of Christ in the form of a hippie and albino looking Sandra Locke. You have no idea what's happening on the screen and this song is disappointing song "Suzanne" played on and off throughout the movie until "The Second Coming of Suzanne" is on you already know it's not hard no matter how hard you try to forget all this. <br /> This off-the-wall movie movie maker Logan, Jared Martin, is out making the film of the century, but so rude and obnoxious that none of the banking world is willing to fund his project. Planning goes on his own Logan then stats this couple in a seaside café and is captivated by Suzanne's young, Sandra Locke, who reminds him of someone he knew of another life: Jesus Christ. The Logan's assistant and all around Clavius ​​Gofer, Richard Dreyfuss, somehow get a $ 740,000.00 loan from the bank to finance Logan's chief and start working on Suzanne by flattering her talent as an actress for his interest in her her movie. This leads to Suzanne not only leaving his boyfriend Simon Simon, Paul Sand, but later Simon was so depressed and feeling all alone taking a gun in his mouth and neck his neck out. The movie also had two somewhat related sub-scheme of it having to do with a girl autism Dorothy, Kari Avalos, who was healed in autism by Suzanne After all, at the psychiatric hospital that he was engaged, failed. It does not really know what exactly Suzanne did in the hospital but it seemed to have some sort of order or the volunteer; Was it supposed to show us at the hearing that he, like Jesus, could perform the miraculous illness of the sick? <br /> There is also this journalist columnist and big businessman Tycoon Jackson Sinclair, Gene Barry, who seems to either go through a difficult mid-life crisis or has seen a biblical vision that's like changing his life forever. Sinclair has sought the meaning of life as well as it's all about all of the movie and wanted to know why all this suffering in the world, like this film that she is in, and seemed to have found the answer when he first looked down on Suzanne. Sinclair also had some sense of self when his private driver, Mark Rasmusser, who got sick and tired of his strange nightmare and crazy almost ran him in a cliff of a kamikaze like driving along the coast The Pacific. <br /> The film "The Second Coming of Suzanne" goes on with a number of associated sequences, probably filed or pad in some time by its director and film editor, and then goes to it the final stage a Christlike crucifixion like a mountain as Logan has all the cameras rolled. It seems that the Crazy Logan was taken so carried away with his prince as he tried to replicate, the discouragement and ties Suzanne, the current crucifixion of Jesus Christ some 2,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> It's hard to sit down and almost impossible to follow "The Second Coming of Suzanne" puts you in the same type of torture that Suzanne put in by Logan and the musicians in the movie. The movie tries to be artistic, but this is just an excuse to cover up to brainless and non-existent scenario and even the terrible and amateur painter acts by everyone in it.
