96 minutes into this is cruel ... and I love the former Munster. Yes, the scheme is stuff; Yes their lines are trite; But anyone who was at the helm of this was not a fan. There are many 'intrigue' (and I use this word with a great pause) that I wonder if it's an old Starsky & Hutch episode. I lost count of the number of times I noticed that makeup was missing a place near the necklace. Refusing to recognize that any time passed since mid-60 (ludicrous) producers simply replaced Marilyn & Eddie and younger actors. Why not let them grow up with age? In addition to Addam's Family style meetings do not add to the taste of the Halloween party. <br /> <br /> Father & Herman fly in Transylvania and back in a few hours (preposterous.) Sid Ceaser is the most, yes the most incredible character (I include the bad robots) since it babbles a Combat combination of gibberish & yiddish, but claims to be a former Arab ruler. And yes, it seems that the laugh laugh is missing. In fact, there are several spots where there is time to die, as if the street laugh had to be put later. The actors seem to wait for the faux hearing. It's not ridiculous; it's sad. Oh, and the best part! Yvonne DeCarlo has a line that just goes to show you how to handle the writers and producers. Marilyn says something like: "Where uncle Herman and Dad can be? They could be in an accident. They could be hit by a car ... or a train!" Lily said to respond with something like: "You're uncle Herman going here if he was dragging himself on the train track." What's amazing about this is: Yvonne DeCarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 60's and lost a leg and was almost killed in a stunt cascade. He never recovered from this family financially devastated. (check out the biographic review of life and career) It could be this line easily changed to be more sensitive to it. <br /> <br /> If you're a real fan of the Munster then you'll have to rent this chaos. It shows how some things are best alone. Even with the cast (almost) original, this is almost as bad as the attempt tried to show off a few years ago.
