To be clear from going to go, the 'Tackle' is very, very, very bad. It suffered terribly in almost every aspect except for one: the finished product is such a horrible movie that it's actually hilarious funny to watch. This is a very low-class movie. Budget contenders for the movie should be obvious to anyone watching even the sequence of opening titles. I'm not sure if much of the humor of the movie was intended or not. For example, the movie takes place in 'Doomsville.' Note for all prospective home buyers: if the town you are moving in is called 'Doomsville,' keep moving. Stephanie Beaton is quick to pull over her head for a very entertaining scene in the kitchen. I could not help but laugh because it has intentional humor (it turns on the gas stove ... get it? The sex is hot? Get it?) And unwanted humor. Unintentional in this case is the music. It's like the theme music for 'Fire chariots' going to Electronica. Break out the computer and the syntheses! I realize that coming up with music for a small output like this is listening to prohibited. I really feel so because the work here is so intent. The problem is that cheap music is not necessarily good music. I have not laughed so hard in having sex on the screen since 'alone in the dark' with that 'Seven Segonds' song (I guess they were saying that poor Mr. Slater was a bit ... quick on the draw? ). Even the credit ends are hilarious. Intentionally or not? You must be the judge: a pet dog and cat is part of the credited cast - and a creature wrangler was about to wear for them! - The boom is credited to 'Mr B. Baton,' and the unit 's wardrobe unit (Yep, having a third unit) is credited with K-Mart. Perhaps it's just me, but I think the hilarity of this over save the movie. The movie is very, very bad, but the goals of Stephanie Beaton, her friends and family are so well intentionally in the 'Bendman' that you can not help but as the movie has been produced. The 'bush' is bad, but not obnoxious. In its own sweet way, it even managed to be somewhat endearing. It puts its flaws so honestly that you can not help but forgive them. "Best" movies that try to hide their flaws are almost worse in one way. I guess this is just a movie that knew who his audience was and was producing accordingly. <br /> <br /> Look at any number of movies and most of them will probably be a lot better than this. Some of them might look cheaper, or they have worse act, or sillier production value. They can not suffer as much as the 'tackling' makes from terrible, sound, and foley effects. Mr B. Baton did not do a very good job. Special effects are looked at where most of the money goes. They tend to be more funny than rude, although when the 'Bickman' finally unmasked at the end, the make-up job has surprisingly well done. <br /> <br /> 4 out of 10 is a little high but the humor has helped a lot. This is an ideal movie tracked under a small night with a few friends and a few beers at hand. Great entertainment is to be had anyone who seriously consider themselves B-movie or low film affiliate film. Everyone else should be avoided with great prejudice.
