The "Bubble" is an effort to make a gay Romeo & Juliet history story with an Israeli and a Palestinian, although it seems to come in by way of "Friends" or "Beverly Hills 90210." Characters are deep and trite as they are the dialogue and draw lines. The film seems torn between fluff and depth. On the one hand there is a pointing effort in being deep (in an example of many) some minor characters even ask questions that invite the development of insight into the conflicts by hand, and find answers like, "Hey, we're here to make a poster for a landfill against the occupation. Do not get politics! "Beyond the obvious absurdity of these lines, it's just one of the many si-fisted signals that the movie is just as hollow and insubstantial as its title suggests. On the other hand, mainstream films in depth follow the lovers of a presentation of "Bent" a play on gays at a Nazi work camp. The scenes on stage are clumsy run, weakening its erotic power (understood to constrain them in film-time, but still this could be edited most effectively.) And it comes as flimsily as the rest of the movie. Too bad. This game deserves better. <br /> <br /> The characters are so one dimensional cartoony even having the names of all telegraphs (though the word seems appropriate here) substance. The aggressive soldier from the crack Golani Brigade named "Golan." Palestinian militant called "jiad". The backhand-for-chic faghag collar is "Lulu." Anyone familiar with the dams and life of Palestine, whether from real-life or documentary will find the post scenes as absurd as real? Well, the rest of this fantasy fluffy. When a Palestinian woman goes to the fastest job on Israeli soldiers' records is helpful and helpful, an ambulance shows up in minutes. (The birth result is used to show Palestinians as an impeccable Israeli benefit and even paranoiac.) All posts are shown as a harassment, not a series of bones, crushed souls, humiliating obstacles that do not have any consideration for medical care or Necessity in the case of birth, death, or serious illness. Ashraf, the Palestinian lover, seems to find in Nablus in Tel Aviv with no problems, no papers, no hassle. She just shows up every time she likes. When the Israelis want to get into it is more of a challenge involving a plot worthy of Lucy Ricardo. <br /> <br /> Against the backdrop of beautiful, Israeli encouraging and Palestinian homophobia we move into a resolution that is utterly lacking in motivation or purpose ?? except as a dangerous dramatic device of letter sympathy for lovers to ban. Israeli-Palestinian romance has been occupied on stage with much more skill and depth as of Saleem's Salaam / Shalom for this film is hardly just as groundbreaking as some people would like to think. <br /> <br /> Glorious movie bad ?? such as Ed Woodwork - at least some indiosynkrasy hits to distinguish them. This one does not even have what is going to be for her. Most of the sound sounds like Simon and Garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with the touchdowns of strange gay sex scenes, the overall incompetence that exacerbates this movie plays out as a television-movie-in-the-week mediocre.
