here there was no effort to put in Valentine to prevent it from being just another teen slasher movie, a sub-genre of horror movie in which we've seen entirely too much over the last decade or so. I've heard a lot of people who complain that the movie creeps into several previous horror movies, including everything from Halloween Night to Carrie, and as much as I hate to be redundant, the rip off is so blatant that it's impossible they say nothing. The bowl punch on Jeremy's poor ear in the movie so obviously was taken from Carrie that they may as well have just said it's right in the movie (`everyone, this is the director, and this The following are my Carrie-rip-off scenes. Enjoy! '). But it's just a suggestion. This film is structured piece by piece exactly the same as each other juvenile youthful jumps were structured. We get acquainted to girls shortly at the beginning and come to death, those who ask in old oh-but-that-just-just-happens-to-the-other tone, and then begin to get killed. The problem here is that the director and writer are clearly and honestly want to keep the mysterious film and thriller, but they have no idea how to do it. Take Jason, for example. Here is this hugely arrogant guy who is so full of himself and his wife and woman that he divides the check on a date according to which each person has, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after the story's lesson Shortly after the poor poor Jeremy was treated, he was supposed to bring some meaning. In addition, and more importantly, it has initialed the same as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in sixth grade, with the initials signed at the bottom of all four Valentine's jokes. <br /> It is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes successfully deceived by the behavior of one or more characters that appear as suspicious first, and Jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not as a good example of a successful effort. Sure, I thought for a while that he might very well be the killer, but that's not the point. We know from early on that it is terrible to women, which ties it to the little boy at the beginning of the movie, but then in the middle of the movie, he looks at a party, flirtatiously smiling at two of the main girls, and then give them a look look and walk away, disappear from the party and in the movie with no explanation. We already know he's a cartoon character, but his role in the movie was so bad to think they just took him out altogether when they did with him. <br /> <br /> On the positive side, the true identity killer was, in fact, made hard predict in at least a subtle way that was also, unfortunately, yet another rip-off. Earlier in the film, when Shelley kneels the killer in the leg and scalpel his own, he does not sound, suggests that the killer would be a woman to stay silent to prevent revealing himself as a girl, rather than a man as everyone suspects. But then for the rest of the movie, we just have this stolid, relentless, irresistible killer and the emotional mask and gigantic butcher's knife. Director Jamie Blanks (who, with all due respect, seems to have had some problems with the girls themselves in the sixth grade) to mention being influenced by Halloween. This is, of course, completely unnecessary, because it's so obvious from how it is wrong to plagiarize the movie. The only difference between the killer of Valentine and Michael Meyer is that Michael's mask was so much more effective and he did not have a problem with nosebleeds. This is cynical. <br /> <br /> In the end, there is a brief attempt to deceive us once again who the assassin is (complete and slow down and draw out `and-the-killer is' remove mask) but then we see Adam's start nose bleeding as he holds Kate, his girlfriend often hesitates, and we know he was the killer all at once. Nothing in the movie hinted that it would be the killer until the final act, and these unnecessary nosebleeds were not exactly the smart way to identify the true killer at the end of the movie. Valentine is not scared (I look at her in an empty house by myself after midnight, and I was scared of the dark for as long as I can remember, and even I did not scare), and the characters would be possible to care about whether it was not so obvious that they were just going to die. I remember being impressed by the theater forecasts (although the film was in and out of the theater faster than the Battlefield), but the end result is the same old thing.
