** STANDS OF SPOILERS ** Sean Young (who in some scenes, and her hair poofed up, looks like something like Elizabeth Taylor) is struck at the opening time of this film. Sitting in the back of a police car waiting to signal a bust, face and body tense and distracted. Unfortunately, once the bust is about genuine controlled attitude is never changed. This is one active inhibitory difficulty. <br /> One has only to compare the Young Scene to play his coworkers with best friends, Arnetia Walker, to grasp what's missing in Young. Walker is open, emotional, and eased at all times ... in that there's no apparent barrier between what he can feel with his or her expressions. It is an open book. Young, on the other hand, acts in the obsessive way, self-conscious you might expect your neighbor to act they were suddenly thrown at the start of a movie. Basically, it does not have a sign. <br /> With this major cancellation appear in the center of the movie, we are leaving meditating on the implosities of the story. For example, after Miss Young kidnapped by the criminal she's finished and locked in a closet, she broke the door down when left alone. Granted, she was dressed only in a bra and underwear, but in a similar situation, with a psycho capture due to returning any moment, you would head for the door ... or take the time to go to her dresser, take some dress and dress? I would guess that this and other scenes are trying to suggest some sort of mix of Miss Young's character to experience, but Young can not transmit this type of complexity. There are a few that affect the time of the movie, such as short police interviews and past victims of the criminal, but usually this is a vigilant endeavor. It's too bad Miss Young has been replacing while filming the comic comic comic book that would exploit its boundaries with some humor (BATMAN and DICK TRACY), because floundering it while trying to play current people is weird to touch. Watching Miss Young trying to act, at least in this "thriller", is a sad spectacle.
