Small SPOILERS are included. I lost that movie to save you trouble having to look at it. <br /> <br /> Jet It's Cinema Falls In one of two categories: Shaolin's cinema and movie theater set in modern-day Hong Kong cannonball around Triads or Triad like organization. Each genre has its best and worst movies. `Twin Warrior 'is the Best Coalian Jet It's epic epic while` `The Wrong Culture' is his worst. `The legendary point 'while in the past the past is the" modern era "Jet Li film. "Black Mask" without a doubt is the worst. <br /> <br /> Jet He plays a self-esteemed mercenary who has received a shot that gives him abilities than normal, but shortens his life span. In 'new life' it exiles play a Pacific librarian. When his old mercenary squad goes on a rampage, Jet has become a vigilant determined to stop them. It produces a very bumpy cartridge mask so it hides its identity from the police (and public) as a librarian, as well as hiding his true identity from his former comrades in arms. The version I saw was armed, and horribly in that. Why Jet It captures and maintains its hostage to co-worker if it is a passive? Is there a love story between them? Why does the police officer do not care when learning the true identity mask? The draw is just plain BAD. Bad by the superhero wayeness, bad in the sense that the characters are never well developed, the bad of its character's interaction, all topped by a half story explains I quickly lose interest in. and martial arts sequences are way over the head. Many blood, gore (partial body full of aplenty), explosions, and matrix style superhuman martial arts fiascos are present in the movie. Unfortunately this is the best movies and only selling points. If you want to see Jet It plays a vigilant superhero on a missile style Black Mask movie style. For the rest we Jet His fans are a true disappointment. This is one of those movies where Jet never came Jet Jet: it has never been our chance of being charmed with his charisma, nor a chance to impress us with his impressive yet realistic martial arts ability. <br /> Normally a Chinese knockoff in Ozzy Osbourne would be enough to upgrade me to a movie, Unfortunately `Black Mask 'proves to be an exception to this rule. Indeed, the antagonist of this movie, by the way, dresses, long hair right, and trendy round sunglasses look like the modern and great Ozzy Osbourne. However the cruiser is not on the screen long enough to make the gadget refreshing. I agree with Ozzy was intentional; In addition to looking at the villain, he also ran a satan looking cache. So much more could have been made out of the ozzy Osbourne Gimmick bad! If only the writer, director, or anyone has been bothered to give a background to and develop characters in the Arch arch arch! <br /> `Black Mask 'was the first jet film she released on video in the USA after lethal 4 weapons, and I'm glad I stayed away from it until now. He may well have lost both my perceptions to Jet Li as a martial artist and actor. If you want to see Jet It's His Worst, Rent 'Black Mask' and 'The Wrong Culture' and make it a dual or horror feature, both intentional and unintentionally. Otherwise the movement uses the talents of Jet Li, and they have semi-conscious plots out and possible. 3/9 stars.
