Ouch, what a big movie SORI FIC! And this especially saddened because the 15-minute openings were so much-loaded and full of potential! During the intro, we followed a bunch of nervous security officers and staff striking people as they pursued a physician who escaped from a mysterious lab and a suitcase full of top-secret records. As it's about revealing the supposedly terrible and punctual events that took place in the laboratory, it was executed. Figure ?? From then on, the 'action' rapidly returns with ideas between the two sides, the aforementioned laboratory and the rural mansion of a corruption senator (or something), and it quickly becomes clear that their experience is actually the opposite about disturbing. More like dull, freewill and wave. Scientists choose four random people without living families and really really really important that they speak the truth even though a giant car reads the content in their minds, anyway. They all hide black secrets from the pasts and those who suffer when getting revealed; But I failed to see how these tests could be the result of a threatening humanity. Perhaps I missed something, but I doubt it. The interactions between patients and doctors are even less interesting to follow, as really none of them have personality. So, basically, "Brain Machine" just handles a bunch of lame living in a well decorated room. The film also could be half a shorter hour if it was not for a thousand stagnant shots in buildings! Relocation from the lab of the villa and vice versa are indicated each time by a five-second shot in the places. Either the musicians really need the padding or they just assume that all sci-fi viewers are likely to notice a change in place by themselves. Gathering in a moving pool with a castle in the background for the tenth time of only five minutes gets quite annoying, I assure you. James Best performance as the Reverend and mental problems is rather decent, but one person definitely can not save this thing from being an absolute waste in time. Avoid!
