"A Lady of Distress" is definitely not one of Fred Astaire's best musicals. But even the bad movie Astaire still has some good times. In "Damsel", Astaire is Jerry Halliday, an American music star in London on a personal appearance visit. She meets Lady Alice Marshmorton (19-year-old Joan Fontaine), a lovely English heiress, who lobbies in the back of a taxi she is taking to save an influx of admirers. <br /> <br /> Jerry believes Alice is being forced into a wedding by her rich aunt. She tries to rescue her from his home man's home, but quickly discovering that the housework is putting bets on which Alice Alice will be married. Keggs (Reginald Gardiner), the combination chief, and Albert (Harry Watson), the boy's bratty boy, each taking turns to assist and seduce the romance Lady Alice and Jerry make sure they win the bet. Music has many problems. First, the plot, based on a novel by P.G. Wodehouse (which co-writes the scenario). The story is slow, painful, and nerve-grating. When Fred does not dance, we must endure the infinitely scenic scenes of (a) Fred Romance Joan Fontaine or (b) Keggs and Albert to convince each other. Butler's and boy's home are especially disappointing. They are only one-dimensional character of the head, the kind of guys you just want to punch in the mouth. You want to get on the screen and let Fred dance. <br /> <br /> Astaire suffers from the absence of his usual partner, Ginger Rogers. Joan Fontaine is a leading lady in this movie, and she is in a musical mood. He has little to go for it, character-wise, other than his beautiful face and smile nice. George Burns and Gracie Allen joined the ride, as Jerry's publisher and his diary secretary. The duo adds some sophisticated chemistry to the draw, and Gracie has some funny lines, but it is also very annoying at times. The way in the film by George Stevens is not quite done. Sometimes, the movie is horrible and off-focus. There are a series of outdoor performances set on extremely fogged streets, trying to convince the audience that we are in London, not Hollywood. (They have to use tons of dry ice in this movie.) On the other side, the songs by George and Ira Gershwin are terrific, and they became standard classic songs. And of course, the dance of the movie is outstanding, thanks to Astaire and choreographer, Hermes Pan. But the music numbers and dance are ill-used and ill-scene. At times, the cast looks to start singing and dancing because, well, it's time to start singing and dancing. The music numbers seem randomly set in the bending draw. (At one point, the Butler steps outside the manor house and crushed into a solo opera for no apparent reason.) The numbers included: • "I dance and I can not bother Now" - Fred dances well on a foggy traffic-full London streets. It does some great "can-twirling" with a rolling umbrella - but the number ends too early when Fred jumps over a double-decker bus pass. (In Broadway music, "Crazy for you," Harry Groener has made a better version of this number with a group of choral girls.) "Put me in the test" - Fred, George, and Gracie do a piano dance threesome in an english cottage. George and Gracie match Fred stage for stage, but the number ends badly and everyone kicks for each other for no reason. <br />  "Upper Lip Luster" (Fun Fun Number) - In an amusement park entertainment home, Fred, George, and Gracie have fun dancing on the floating floor, barrel rotation, and mirrors are fun. It is the best amount of film, but it gets a bit repetitive at times. - "Things to Seek" - Fred and Joan Fontaine sing one dances together in the film, which are widespread around the woods back to land manor real estate. Fortunately, it is a very simple dance number because Joan is not a great dancer. <br />  "One day in a city in London Town" - Fred traveled around the fog mania estate at night, crooning on the foggy day when he first met Joan in London. At times, it seems that if it is not sure how it will be in the fog - much like the music number itself. <br />  "Nice work if you can find it" - A great song that is wrongly used in the movie. During a social event in the manor house, Fred gets drawn to a chorus of the dour-faced musician who has the chance to sing this song. Every time Fred goes in, other musicians look at him as if they want to leave. (Again, Harry Groener made a better dance with this song in "Crazy for You.") • "Dancing Number Drum" - As Fred and Joan were eloping, Fred stopped and held one last dance intermittent while hit a group of drums. As usual, it is a great dance number. But there's absolutely no need for it, except for extending the movie. <br /> <br /> The most comparable moments of the movie come when Fred decides to grow into a high stone balcony in the country's real estate to prove his love for Joan Fontaine. As it leaps out of the balcony, it finds a well-traced trapeze - that's right, a * trapezoid * - hanging in a nearby tree. Fred (or rather, a stuntman in Fred's clothing) grab the trapeze and swing to the ground from it. The movie is worth owning on DVD for the dance numbers alone, but you feel the debt the guy who invented the Fast Forward button on your remote. >> The FF button lets you skip to other, boring scenes in the movie to get to the dance numbers.
