I rented the armed-english version at Lensman, hoping that since it was from well-known novelty it would have some substance. While there were suggestions of substance in the film, it mostly did not rise above the level of kiddie cartoon. Perhaps the movie was a bad adaptation of the book, or it lost much of the armed version. Or perhaps even the source novels were lightweight. But for whatever reason, was not much there. <br /> I notice many details that have been derived, sloppy, poorly dramatized, or otherwise deficient. Some examples: The scenes open look borrowed from the 2001 "scene scene" scene with the star wars image in hyperspace. The robot on the catch was similar to an anthropomorphized "R2-D2". It starts out trying to lend its comic relief style to Star Wars, but thanks (since the humor does not work) give up on comedy and play it seriously. In this regard, it is superior to the Star Wars franchisee, which began with a clever sense of humor, and eventually deteriorated in the annoying Jar-Jar fertilizer. The agricultural details were apparently drawn by someone who had never seen a farm. The Harvester was driving among unharvested in the middle of a field, dumping silage on unharvested crops, rather than working from one side to the other and dumping the silage on rows already harvested or in a truck. Corn (maize) was drained out of grain, but the firm grounds were dotted like a blue field. When it was time for Kim's father to face his fate, there was no dramatic weight in the scene. This could have been part of the blame of the English-language voice actor, but the drawings did not show much weight either. Kim's reaction to this scene was just as compelling. Similarly, when a character named Henderson was killed, Chris showed very little reaction, though apparently was supposed to be closed. (Henderson's death has no beckon, his name has not been disclosed until his death scene.) He looks promptly forgotten. An expression of sympathy shows more feelings than it does. I think the voice actor deserves most of the blame in this case; There's at least one hint of feeling in the designs of Chris. <br /> <br /> On several occasions, bandits fail to fulfill their orders. An evil leader often punishes those who fail and miserable death. I can not tell if this rose from Star Wars, or if that comes from an earlier source - perhaps the Lens Books. There's a scene where a space crash-ground ship. As he plunges toward the ground, the parts break into the boat. But many pieces fall that there should be nothing left of it by the time it lands. While in most cases Chris seems like a competent, heroic space hero, there's a scene where he shrieks as an incompetent girl in distress. Someone who is hard enough to find Henderson's death quickly should at least be called, "help, he got me and I can not reach my gun!" instead of just calling. <br /> <br /> The character and personality most (too much at times) is D.J. Bill. He sounded like Wolfman Jack, D.J. of American Graffiti. I wonder if it's as well-voice in the original language. <br /> <br /> Two planets in the movie exploded. The explosions were impressive, and they appeared in a lot of inspirational Star Wars. For its credit, however, the cause of the explosion was completely unlike the Star Wars Star. The dialogue had a good, interesting explanation for the cause. Many other explosions in the movie have looked good, just not the planetary explosions. Some of the sound effects are very cheesy, as if borrowing in a late video game 1970. Some of the images look like primitive video games, and some influences from Tron are also visible. On the other hand, the sound effects are often very decent, although this emphasizes the cheesy-sounding parts. The art is also good, particularly when it stays away from graphics that are often fake-looking graphics. <br /> <br /> Finally, there's the story. If a movie tells a good story, it can get away with a lot of production shortcomings. But the plot here was very lightweight. A naive boy is trying to help someone on a disaster space ship, and buy a great power it does not understand. He and his group of companion very virtuous struggle against a powerful, enredeemably evil. He makes friends, learns about his special power, and grows in a young man. If it is persistent and virtuous enough, it might even defeat the enemy evil. Details on the road can make such a story rise above the simple description, but there are very little more than that in this movie. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's just a kiddie cartoon. But then, since it seems the main audience intended is older children, maybe it does not need anything more than that.
