Wow. Watching this movie today, you can not help, but be surprised by writing in this movie. Spencer Tracy and Loretta Young play a couple who, in modern times, would be featuring the "Jerry Springer Show" - as they have a sick and abusive relationship ... and inexplicably, the writers appear to endorse it! The movie begins with a Loretta and Hometown Loretta being shown by the poor, but very resource ropes by Spencer. She shows her how not to connive you can do very well with little money and take her home to her shack to stay. It's never clear whether to marry - and consider it in a Pre-Code movie, you can assume that they are not even though they are cohabits. Relationships are very strange ... and rather sick. While you can see that Tracy is busy on her by her actions, she is verbal verbal and a total jerk - and Young comes chasing for more like some sort of dog. He calls it "slim" or "ugly" and so, in a sick way, his way to use indifference! And when she starts to deform around with another woman (Glenda Farrell), she says to her friend that if she wants it, she's okay with her !!! It's sure smacks of a sado-masochistic relationship and you can not help, but feel a bit frightening. Sure, it does not hit him but the relationship is very abusive. To show how sick she is, when Young is pregnant, she tells her "... it's your baby and she's mine, but you do not have to worry, I'll take all the blame for her" !! Yikes! Does not this all seem a bit like looking at a peephole in a sick and dysfunctional home? And in a case of imaging art life, Tracy proves that sort of person she is and disappears. After all, it can not burden with a baby - even if it's it. But he changed his mind and decided to return home. Wow ... that's a bit of it! And when it comes back, it's embarrassing and acting as if it's staying, it's not necessary to care for the kid! And, telling him it is "a free man ... free like a bird"! Wow, I was almost in the water at this momentous sensation ... NOT! Soon, this crazy madness is marrying ... and, of course, Young is depressed because it seems to stay as long as it suits him - not because of any love or sense of responsibility. So how can you save anything with this kind of sick character? What were you doing? Well, just as for the writers, Tracy has soon committed a flight to help pay for the brat! The romantic aspect of the movie is underwhelming to say the least! During the flight, Tracy behaves like a shock - making almost nothing to be careful not to get caught - as she secretly hoped to get sent to prison. And, to show that sort of nice guy he is, the guy he tried to rob is one of his best friends. <br /> While there's more in the movie, the bottom line is that Tracy is a jerk and Young is an idiot of the movie. Although both were very good actors, there's absolutely no way they could do anything to this crap writers to produce. Nice music, beautiful, good acting ... with a script that is 100% poo. How the movie is currently rated 7.4 is beyond me and I wonder how anyone can ignore the best quality of the characters. A terrible misconduct that somehow did not destroy the careers of those involved. <br /> Oh, and if you wonder if Loretta EVER gets a scream of this movie or plays someone who is the least bit strong, the answer is NO! In the end, he learned nothing and did not change one mourning for the better. <br /> They make sure you do not make movies as they use ... and in this case ... thanks!
