may include debris !!!! So, I watch this movie last night on LMN (Life Network Network) that is not known for showing quality movies. THIS PICTURE is true! I'm still amazed that I watched all the stuff, as it was terrible. Does this movie have more stenotypes? (Harping Jewish mothers who want their children to be a doctor, Catholic family and son of priests, great big crescent of every room shown in the family home of the Catholic Mexican whore, "bad" guy who is really a softie of heart, incredibly bad country accent) GAG !!!! I was first intrigued by the fact that I had never heard of this movie and after seeing that small cheryl pollack and nemec were in it, I decided to stay awake until 4am to watch it. Anyway, the only thing that sticks out on this movie is the beauty of the amick. I suppose the polage and act acting are okay, but they have a rough script to work with them. Unlike the other review that commented on the lack of Texan accent (the movie is supposed to take place in austin and very few people have to have a drag) I think the accents were (supported by characters such as Mary married and date) and were needed . They were also very pretty bad. I am so very tired of the Hollywood "South" accent that sounds nothing like the area where the accent supposed to come from. and since it was supposed to take place in austin and shooting movies there in 1991 would not have been expensive, I fully expected to have to be vacant shots in the city: the beautiful capitol building, the UT tower lit for a football game, etc. None of these things were there. Also, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to Mexico from austin. At one point in the movie, Michael and his poses take for Mexico to lose their maiden and can drive in when it is dark (during the summer and early autumn it does not get dark at austin until 9pm or so), passing time in Mexico is getting drunk and sex with Mexican (with any other kind?) whore, and then returning to austin by dawn. While this is theoretically possible it is not very likely. and if anyone started school in the mountain (usually the third week of August, but may have been in September 1960) they knew that unless they wanted to pass out of the heat stroke they did not put the letter jackets !!!! ! In August and September in Austin and surrounding areas it is 90 + degrees. Only those who have no body temperature should be stupid enough to wear sweater or jackets on the first day of school. all in all, a very bad one made for TV movie experience.
