There are many puns to play on the title of Valentine's spectacularly bad that I do not know where to begin. I'll say that though; here is a movie that made me long for the complexity of the Valentine cards we use to give out to elementary schools. You know, the ones who and Batman are calling "You're a super-fighter Valentine!" Valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of screams. The villain is omniscient and nest-invulnerable. The heroes are easy to fear when people run around corners and catch them by the screams "HeyIjustleftmycoatbehind!" The score is more overbearing than Norman Bates' mother. <br /> <br /> The delicate conspiracy follows many childhood children, now grow and very curvaceous. Since the movie gives them nothing else to do, they stand up and wait until a masked martial arts kills one by one. This stalker appears to be former Nerd Jeremy Melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beats in boys at high school. And Valentine's Day approaches, women begin to receive four pairs that predict bankruptcy. Melton looks like the obvious suspicion. The only problem is, as many characters warn, in thirteen years Melton could change its appearance to look bold and beautiful. So (insert wasting the pair here) everyone is a suspect! <br /> Here's one problem. In order to have any sense of suspension while watching Valentine, you are required to accept a reality in which a high school nerd can become David Boreanaz. Nerd does not turn into angels when they grow, they turn into older, nerd candles. It's not a terrible actor, but the script, not less than four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do, but cry and make out. Denise Richards (actress of bustiest in Hollywood never star in Baywatch) especially exploited; The most blame of the blatant excuse to get him into a bath suit just before a specific crisis scene. Note yourself: always carry a bathing suit on Valentine's Day party. Just because it's February does not mean you can not feel like taking a little dip. <br /> <br /> The Slasher in Valentine Dress Up in the top-to-the-toe black and a cherub's mask. Here's the problem number two. The movie makers clearly think this would be a disturbing image there on someone's head in whacking people in the face and hot iron. Plain and simple, it's not. Instead, it just makes me wonder how a guy with a mask covers all his face, including his eyes and ears, can move so heavily without bumping his shins on chairs or tables . Then again, given the kittens killers, maybe it can teleport with his eyes on his hands. <br /> <br /> Not only is the movie bad, it does not even make sure the killer is; The final "twist" is more "Huh?" than "Hah!" When you do not scratch yourself you give, then groan, then seek out the nearest exit. Do not watch this movie. Even if you are alone on Valentine's Day, find something, ANYTHE, else to do. You will be glad you have done.
