This could well be the worst movie I've ever seen. Despite that Mikshelt claims, this film is not even close to being historically accurate. It starts seriously and then it all goes down from there. We have Hitler's father curse his own bad luck on the "reality" that he would marry his niece! They were in fact, second cousins. Hitler's mother, Klara, called his father, Alois, "uncle" because Alois was adopted and raised by Clara's grandfather and brought him as his son, when he really was his nephew. Alois was older than Klara and so a child would come into the habit to call Alois, "uncle." The scene of the trenches where Hitler passed army by his fellow soldier and decided to take it out of his dog is simply a shame and an insult to the intelligence of all viewers. We see Hitler chasing the dog in the trench, when he catches up with the poor thing he's got to thrash her for disobeying him. In the distance we see and hear his fellow soldiers continue to mock and chastise little people, but then a land shell directly on his prosecutors, and each one last, they tell us, is killing outright. How, if Hitler was the only person to survive the scene, did the story of brutality and hunting come to be said? Is Hitler heading around "boasting" about it? - I do not think so. <br /> Next, Hitler bullies and intimidate a poor, stressed out and faintly Jewish officers of giving it a cross! I can only assume that this Jewish officer was a partisan before fighting for the patriarch, and he thought to bring together some medals engaged in his store, because I'm sure Iron Crisis has not been repaid as shown in comic mascarades . <br /> <br /> All the grotesque clichés are here, not least the calming and hypnotic effects of Wagner's music on the little man. If only the producers held Ian Kershaw on the side. Then they might have discovered that Franz Lehar's "Merry Widow" was more likely to float Fuhrer's ship than any "flying Dutchman" from the cannon Richard Wagner! <br /> <br /> Hitler may be responsible for the deaths of 60 million people, but how can he ever be forgiven for tasting its tune in music? <br /> I could go on but I should be in it for hours. missing.
