** SPOILERS ** A little bit ridiculous for television movie sexy and medium-sized gold-digger Isabelle Collins, Susan Tucci, made a number of people everywhere she came in contact with the movie. First win on the hearts then the wallets and then when they no longer use it, throw in the rubbish basket as a used Kleenex tissue used. Isabelle's first victim is non-other then abused her to keep Isabelle from invading her bank account, Stewart husband, Jan O'Hurley. It's later in the movie when Isabelle gets very friendly with former plumbers and now yacht seller Richard Davis, Philip Casnoff, that she, without really telling her, has the totally ill love Richard found a deal out on his life, mefyan husband. When he was the former, in fact as soon as he was released from prison, Daggett, Nicholas Campbell, to do the work on Stewart Richard soon found that he did not get exactly what he paid, $ 15,000.00 in cash , for. /> <br /> Getting a little greedy Daggett not only blew Stewart's brain out, but took a solid golden look, which Stewart offered him in order to spear his life, as well. The look was easy to draw Daggett as he tried to paw it into a local jewelry store where he quickly grabbed it. With Doggett reversing his bowel from who hired him to Whack Stewart he does not take time for the long arm of the Stewart's arrest law, by hiring Doggett, Isabelle's killer husband to be ex-plumber and yacht seller Richard Davis! Davis' arrest by the police happened just as she and Isabelle took the vows of marriage to a local church! <br /> <br /> Isabelle manipulates everyone, only men who fall on his heels, to the advantage it does not get to perform his dirty work. Still playing part of the naive housewife or widow or lover or even client Isabelle seems to live a seductive life always a step ahead of the law and police. No matter what she does Isabelle covers her pretty back so it's almost impossible to get down on any, to have others do, to the many crimes that she committed, in a second part, in the movie. She is her first husband, Steven's second husband, for less then ten seconds, Richard and finally her, or Richard, lawyer Gavin Kendrick, Kamar De Los Rey, Isabelle knows that she's only a matter of time before police he is wise. With D.A finds both Richard and Kendrick to turn her evidence against Isabelle she now knows that everything is fast closing in on her final move. When doing everything in order not to transfer all cash abroad, Isabelle and Ruby, her 10-year-old daughter, Lauren Collins, shot down the passport office so they could get clearance, passport, and out in the country. <br /> It's then when the cagey and smart Isabelle make first and last potent mistakes and fatal in the movie. Isabelle was told by passport Clerk, Don Carrier, she will have to wait a full 48 hours for her, with Ruby's, clear passport! Just enough time for police to get and arrest it! Outlandish ends up against almost everything and all ethics in a movie noir or crime movie. An end will not only blow your mind, but your concept of good and evil in the world!
