For your own good, it would be best to respect any positive reviews about this movie. This cops STINKS. Now I like (at least in theory) to film horror movies, but this one makes the worst mistake a low budget flash can do: It succumbs to it too badly. And, unfortunately, is not it just a problem. <br /> It is the story of the murderous Beane tribe of the British Ilses transposed in modern times. An interesting site, but there are two things that are immediately embarrassed on this movie once you start watching it .. 1- Why is the bigger name on the CD Jenna Jameson CD? She is a woman lower than women who can not act, and she has a minor role. REPLY: It's apparently a well-known porn star (as you have no doubt in other reviews), so I guess this is a "comedy" appearance. He gave the film much needed "name recognition", it seems. Bill itself is not any indication of his talent, though, it's an indication of how UNTalented the rest of the cast is. 2- 2- How can movie makers be so stupid to think Canada can be spent as Ireland? It does not even look like Ireland. And the guest house / victim is staying in this great North American wooden frame Edwardian stuff. They should have jumped all over Beane and developed a story that took place in NA Also, if you're going to make a movie that takes place in Ireland, it's probably more than one character and an Irish accent (and that it was a really really really Irish accent.) Now this would not have been so bad if the director did not try to make the next "overnight lifetime", but it seems he was. Too bad. He might have had some fun with it. In fact, some of the scenes were not far from being incompetent comedy as they were. <br /> Like the sad sad scene, the women were chained to the table, stripped naked, and then sliced ​​open and eviscerated. That's funny, you ask? Well, in the deleted scene version, the mutant killer pulled out miles after mile after intestinal mileage. It's actually funny after some time. And what self to respect cannibal meal intakes, anyway? We eat cows and chickens? No name, we eat blow with ribs and drumsticks. Oh well. Some of the other cast have been annoying: the whiny, climb Howard Rosenstein. I'm not sure, but I think he was supposed to be cast as a STUD. In fact, it's as great a loser and ball ball as its name would mean. That would explain why the character played by Gillian Leigh's harassment dropped for him. I checked Gillian Leigh on his ties on IMDb, and apparently it is important to know that he graduated high school and honors. I can not decide whether it's more fun or enthusiastic to know that only a couple of years after graduation, the honored student will make nude stage porn scene in a shower and a guy named Howard Rosenstein. Ask if his classmates saw this movie? If they have, hopefully they will get the message: THIS IS THAT! Go to college !!! I could go over and over, but why. If you love Gore, you'll get something delivered in this movie flick but not much more.
