I'm in Iraq now doing a lot of time watching movies. We also have access to lots of movies thieves, this gem came along with 11 other movies, and this is the worst worst I've seen in a long time. I've seen a few other reactions that claim this movie does not take itself too seriously, but really, I think it's a cover up for its terrible fact. It's not the tongue of a cheek, the writers really thought they were improving on the movie blade. This movie is just one of the top Vampire killer, which if you have not seen, I recommend. At least that movie is so unbelievably bad that you will laugh harder than you thought possible. This is right in what there is no kind of redesign that forever. from the bad acting, to visual stereotypes (ie opening credits), of Adobe Prime Minister's special effects. They could not even get empty for weapons, which may have to do with where the film was filmed, but if you're going to use effects, make them close to accurate. As for the throw, it seems like they just went to a kiss kissing class and pick up the first by ugly chick who walked out. Once again, like Ron Hall of Vampire Killer, do not let folk caps act, they can not. Also, this comment being a "return to old vampire movies" ... No, it's not. This is exactly what all new vampires are on. The Buffy Vampire Slayer, Blade, Midnight, are all on some super super fighting vampires. This is the genre of newest vampires, and bad blood, screams, and cheesy about acting. Needless to say, anyone who wrote a good review of this is somehow connected to the movie, or friends at the cast. But what I care, I pay 33 cents for her. Anyway, wrap this up, someone in the first semester of film school decided to make a movie, I give them credit because it's better than I could do. Of course I also know I can not make movies so I do not try. I know how to watch movies though. I worked 12 nights, 6 days a week, I saw thousands of years in the year I came from here and this was so bad that halfway the way I was hoping for a mortar attack.
