Karen (Bobbie Phillips) mentioned, after one of her children gets out of hand and jokes it annoying jokes, that she will never survive this trip ..boy, it's ever on the money. Karen is a school professor who takes her group at Shepley's college in Historical Studies in the village ugly village in a run-down styling of the great dump in Ireland .. well has the place in this country more attractive to the senses than that? ! The caretaker of the manor, Gary (Simon Peacock) warns Karen and his students stay on the path and not lose in the jungle. There's a myth on the Sawney Bean Clan, a family of ritualist cruibalistic family enbred celebrated Samhain (late summer, October 31) "Feast of the Dead" where the sacrifices needed to appease the demons. Gary is supposedly clairvoyant, his cousin Pandora (Ginger Lynn Allen) tells us, because he was born on Samhain. Funny, because it certainly does not see good results or even gives guidance accurately. Almost everyone dies (even those who never lost out of the way) and did not even see his own fate. What monster we hear breathing is a victim of too much inbreeding way .. Its face looks like a malformed mushroom and looks like a hideous rejection from a Mad Max picture. It's not long before the "evil reproducer" is killed all. Paul (Howard Rosenstein) is Karen's love interest that made the wrong decision coming to Ireland without prior knowledge of his girlfriend. <br /> <br /> Terrible slasher formula does not lose out of the norm. It's miniscule budget shows loud and the characters are churned assembly lines churned out yet again to be killed in the usual gory ways. Most of the violence shines on the screen quickly and not much remains on dog breeding activities towards its victims. Many bowels get pulled out while snapping them fast as a whisk scene in another. See Gillian Leigh's gorgeous body naked for a moment or two is not enough comfort to recommend it. Phil Price has really worried characters, Steve, often shedding bad jokes .. how it is able to find Leigh's nude Barbie in the shower for some action is to guess anyone because I have no reason why he would stand a chance and a hottie. Brandi-Ann Milbrant has the role of luck in Shae, the smart little kid (which is also quite hot) that we know will be one of the selection of the scenario to survive. Jenna Jameson drops not long enough to remove her heart from her chest (at least we see her breasts shortly before her stomach opens up) and a few minor lines on her missing friend. The main problem of the film is that the story and character development grinds at a stand because it realizes that none of them are at all interesting for Christian director Much just to let his monster run to rampant the causes of carnage, obliterating a whole cast almost to one weakened swirl in ten minutes. Oh, and Richard Grieco had a minor opening ceremony as a victim who lost the way to his tent with his chick.
