Top tourists in Ireland for a school trip to learn about Druid. What they encounter is a terrible story of cannibalist assassins. <br /> <br /> If I had to sum up evil farmers, it would be a low low gore grade. The movie mix dead living, evil dies, hurt all in one. It's just too bad that the movie has many inconsistencies in keeping track of that it loses any "fun" one would have to look at it. The film has a lot of "nudity" random ... although the movie also stars four porn stars, so they could be so much more. Culture also presents a good number of gorts. <br /> <br /> Evil Running has a terrible start, and dialogue stirred and hideous acting. That's a giveaway to a straight movie video supporting, but this takes the cake. I can not really know that the main character is, since the only one who "lives" to the end is not really in the movie all that much. Speaking of the end, which has to be one of the most random and bogus ending in the story of films. He has no reason to the rest of the movie and totally change the one's look in the movie. <br /> <br /> You have to see this movie believe it, since there are some great great death scenes. There are two death scenes that come to my mind, one of which the inbred killer tore the intestines from a naked woman to his chest .... yes his chest, does not ask me. The other id when the guy gets his intestine, again, tore out his asshole. Does this kill the guy? No, the killer continues to trigger the guy with his own triple. These scenes remind me of the dead-alive, and the right amount of humor in each. I also had the sense of evil Dead, and mentioned mentioned in Horror Movie and Sam Raimi. Together with Halloween, when the female character is in a locket closet for her life and the assassin tries desperately; y get in. Though, the gorus and nudity are not enough for the poor audio and visual quality of the movie. When the teacher wakes up from his bed and walk down the stairs, his track is loud and tough that it looks like he's wearing boots. True distractions. As well as the continuity of the movie, with one inbred killers? As well as that character dies at that moment. I could not tell if the chick implant chick was Jenny or Gary's sister / cousin ... I can not remember. As well as the random chess naked and a dead baby hanging out of his body, always attached to the umbilical cord. <br /> <br /> The terrible correction is distracting as well, the opening credits are too fast and disorienting. He did have a bad start and got better, but the finish just brought the movie back down to horrible levels. If perhaps there was better production value and more faith put in this film, then it would not have been horribly blinded to death. Stay away from this movie, unless you are happy with the budget below bad bad bad and decent pods.
