I'm a big fan of the genre Spagetti genre, and I usually also love most of them expensive to do. Tris Director Demofilo Fidani, however, is rightly known for some of the cheapest, trashiest, and, well, the worst contributors to the genre. The plans of Fidani's movies were usually very weak, and since his talent was quite limited, he usually tried to sell the movies by adding famous Western Spaghetti such as "Django" to "Sartana" in the titles. I can in particular "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" in 1971 he just took the title of Sergio Leone in "Gi첫 La Testa" (aka "Duck or Sucker") and added 'Hombre'. The film can be found under various titles ("Fistful of Death", "Western History" ...), I personally bought it under the name "Adios Companeros", which shares this movie with another Fidani film and almost even cast, "For A Para Piena Di Dollari", which is also entitled "Adios Companeros" in the German language version. The draw is rather weak, it basically follows a guy named Macho Callaghan (Jeff Cameron) with his involvement with two gang rival gangs gang by Butch Cassidy (Jack betts) and Ironhead (Gordon Mitchell). <br /> <br /> The leading performance by Jeff Cameron is, sweetly stated, not very convincing. Neither I found Jack betts very good as 'Butch Cassidy'. B-movie legend Gordon Mitchell, however, is still worth a try, and although he probably was not a very good actor, I still find his performance in Spaghetti Westerns quite funny and original, and he actually saved some of Fidani's movies ( such as Django's Sartana rather "Showdown in the West"). <br /> There is something very funny and original about "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" - great Klaus Kinski is playing a priest! I could imagine Kinski in any role, but before seeing this movie I would never have guessed that anybody would throw him as a priest. Kinski is, once again, great, although he has only little time screen, and one scene, where he breaks a fight, is probably the only good scene in this. One more interesting thing about this film is that the legendary director and King of Sleaze Joe D'Amato made the cinema. <br /> <br /> "Gi첫 La Testa ... Hombre" is a cheap, girlfriend movie, but nevertheless it has some funny moments. When a Western spaghetti enthusiastically, I find it fun to look, but if not, never mind this movie, or look it just for the purpose of seeing Kinski playing a priest. 3/10
