In 1914, Charlie Chaplin began to photograph. These were made for Mack Sennett (also known as "Keystone Studios") and were literally churned out of very rapid succession. The short comedies were very small structures and were completely ad libbed. As a result, these films, though popular in the days, were just awful by today's standards. Many of them bring a solid similarity to home movies featuring family sick mugging for the camera. Many others show the characters wandering in front of the camera and doing pretty much nothing. And, regardless of the result, Keystone sends them straight to the theater. My assertion is that all cinemas at this time must have been very bad, as the Keystone and Chaplin films were very successful. The Charlie Chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in Chaplin's career with Keystone. By 1915, he signed a new lucrative deal with Essenay Studios and films to improve dramatically with Chaplin as director. However, at times these films were still very rough and not especially memorable. No, Chaplin as the little tramp was still alive. In 1916, when he changed to Mutual Studios, his films once again improved and became the most recognizable guy - beautiful in many of the films before he was just a jerk (either getting a drink, battered women, provoked fights with innocent people, etc.). The final evolution of his classic classic Tramp occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full length film. <br /> It's interesting that this film is called Twenty Minutes of Love since the movie only lasts about 10 minutes! Oh well. The plot, which little has, involves Little Tramp in the park. A couple wants to strangers, but inexplicably, Charlie insists on practically sitting on the leg and really annoying them. I can not understand why and the short one consists of Charlie wandering around the park to bother those people and some others later in the movie. Perhaps he was looking for a threesome, I do not know. But the film is lacking awareness and just is not particularly funny - even when people begin to tackle each other and push each other into the lake. A typical poor effect before Chaplin began giving his character a plot and personality.
