The first one deserves about 5 stars due to acting (some would give me a better subjective opinion and not a single goal as it should not give this one, WELL DESERVED, star) but then I know that these facts are used for the actor (s) names to raise something like this ... <br /> I have a problem with these productions; yet another attempt (just like "untraceable") in a propagandist systematic proposal promoting government intrusion on your rights (how exciting it comes at a time when IPS providers are trying to "prefer" = censor information, and the Americans and Canadians are fighting against that at the very moment). This time is not by torrent file transfer labels as wrong (that one intends to remind you of these feelings whenever you transfer data over the net), but does not literally attempt to create a frustrated sexual population as a whole . THE HOLLYWOOD PROMOTION PROJECT IN THE HOLLYWOOD ART, especially when they come to the thrill that is most "on demand" motion picture movement for the past 2 decades or so = most viewed, the best way to try to influence society as a whole. The levels of violence shown in this feature 2 are morally and "ethical" people, giving it a new meaning that is necessary in the face of "anti-hero". Make no mistake, this is NOT "DEXTER" which is meant to be high-quality entertainment. STOP sold "FEAR" please, the world would be a better spot without the dollars being made in it. The opening stage and generally the first 10 minutes really give a frightening picture of a Babbage Erbol that is CLEARLLY suffering from sexual frustration. The way it cares for the black man is very disturbing if it's not racistly outright (for some "cliché" at least) (in real life someone would probably get a beating for it, you'll see what I mean). The second stage (and featuring the Claire Danes character) is even more extreme. At that point I realized, in my opinion that Errol Babbage is a very dangerous person to those around him .some many, who have seen or will see this film, have never been "caught down" (regarding BOTH sex) from your own, COMMON SATISFIED! ... typically the movie gives an extreme CRIMINAL case (which unfortunately has, is and will likely happen again sometime, somewhere) but fingers everyone else indirectly as well as "you might become that", etc. anyone Familiar with Sigmund Freud and Jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to be judged to leave alone "donkeys", not fans like "heroes" here. SAFE Sex in its many forms is healthier and not a few evidently apparently Richard Character characters obsessed with, on its way to some sexual "crusades". Have we not learned anything from the recent scandals that involve priests and boys !! or for how long an American teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13" but can not even see a breast of women until "R-18"!?! (But the industry aims and this same SELECTION SELECTION like "American Pie" for example) .Cost the testers-one-level children, but frustrate them and drive them under the developed fetish of UNECHTE EXTREMES! All sexual activities (on Muteual Acceptance) integrate the best ones then some "right" cases-blacks, which blame their misfortune and imperfection on the "lives of others" (a new German film that would work great in comparing this distinct and distinct world of features on the very same topic) .There, as in this movie, you will probably appreciate the actors for quite the opposite of what they should have been. <br /> I am very disappointed with Richard Gere especially after the last "hunting party", a feature where it really shines and on a more realistic "hero" (after real reality as well) .But then it's just Remind me that all these are only actors who get paid to play a person in political and social agendas. "The Sheep" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same beast hide))) It just reminds you, knowing whoever has similar views on the subject as a WHOLE, as Erroll Babbage has the following here , they remain clear in them for their own safety.they would kill my family faster then any chances of 0.00001 at Paul Jerrod in anyone's life would be ... <br /> <br /> in the end I recommend This anyone thinks negative here about my assesment in this particular movie (and "untraceable" actually), so you can likely think as I did. There is nothing sweet then a propagandist film shot himself in the "foot".)))) For once I agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teens or kids; simply because at best would confuse them even more then "common" belief in "money + fame + mode" and how it relates to sexuality. "Screams" series and films like these AT LEAST have a definite entertainment value (though one dumb in my opinion). but this one is just another "trust me i know what is right for you" deeply (not so well I might add) subliminal message.
