Although the FLOCK has some good action by Richard Gere veteran, and some hottest shots that might hack back some of the silence in the Blade Days, the film stretches credibility at the breaking point and destroys itself against a plot that really leads any where. The film is about Errol Babbage (Gere) who works for the department of security and is preparing to retire. His office put it on his replacement, Allison Lowry (Claire Danes, STARDUST), who quickly discovered that Babbage is obsessed with his work. And that job is not very fun. She monitors hundreds of sexual offenders on freedom of jurisdiction. Allison goes with Errol on many calls to check up on his "flock" of offenders and learn that he is in desperate need of retirement. But Errol is a good thing to work even though its method is not. He taunt sexual predators and even have physical conflicts with them. Errol justifies his actions by bringing up these pasians. It is "good justification" that challenged the audience at some levels, let's see how brutal Errol is and again how out-of-touch it has become (not being too close to it). When a young girl is missing in Errou's "area," he immediately leaps into the conclusion that he was kidnapped by one of his sheep. But how can he know? Is it good at work? Allison challenged him and Erroll pushed back. The battles become fierce as the need to find the missing girl. <br /> Although the set-up for the story was okay, it did not have any umpf! I'll give credit to Richard Gere, however, who plays the Errol character very well. Retirement Battles. Worry about everyone in the vicinity of his sheep. Undressed with that he is responsible for supervising. Unlock with himself to do some of the things he does. Well a change in painted character for Gere. But beyond it there are not many other things. Some of the sets are okay (black and harmful), but there are many other issues like being mockable. <br /> I'll be the first to admit that disbelief is a requirement every time you watch the movie. But this suspension has limits. The biggest push against these limitations is the destruction of ONLY vital crimes. Someone as meticulous like Erroll would know that moving a body would be a great no-no. Or trampling into a crime scene. Or move evidence. He went further and hurt the film without ending. <br /> <br /> The other part of the film damage is that we have never found in Danish characters Clair, Allison. It almost fell by the way to the end of the movie and we never hindered what it intensities can: Does it stay or leave? Does it end as Errol if it stays? This is not a horrible movie as it touches on some comfortable grounds, but the story as a whole needs to be tightened up.
