It's like this ... you put in the DVD with the most professional-looking things you see over the next ninety minutes is the logo of the distribution company. And at this point, you know you've just been jerked around. <br /> <br /> People generally believe enough to assume that if something has been put on DVD, it will be to be at a certain level - at least financially if not creativity. But unfortunately this is not the case. Distributor companies are perfectly happy to throw together DVD movies in amateur movies with the right chips from their stores to await the unsuspecting buyer who draws in by covering the well-designed DVD. The weight behind this particular project is most likely independent movie pioneer Kevin J Lindenmuth, whose name may be known among the genre of fans since it has been responsible for various other low-budget movies - "The Rage of the Werewolf", " werewolf tales "and so on. <br /> The "Blood of the Werewolf" is made up of three short independent werewolf stories with no real connections other than the fact that they deal with hereditary shapeshifters. The first segment, "without meeting", pretty much lay the tone for the whole thing ... a man returns to his home town to watch a girl who had a break on, only to find that grandmother dominated him to refuse He has relationships with men, and for the reason somehow related to a secret family of darkness. This slit is tormentally directed, poorly directed, and basically there is nothing superior to what you could throw alongside yourself with a few friends and a home video camera. <br /> <br /> The second story, "Old Blood", is probably stronger from the three and is directed by Lindenmuth himself. It tells the story of a lesbian couple, one of whom is a shapeshifter and the other desires to be given this power. His willingness is granted, but he does not become the animal that he envisaged. This short film shows that Lindemuth has more talent and experience than the other filmmakers who worked on this project, but still not enough to raise it higher than the level of an amateur film. <br /> <br /> And finally we have "Manbeast", in which some host guys run in the woods while being chased by two other tweets. They want to kill him as he bites the animal and it is believed to be dangerous, but it might not be as it seems. This one has an interesting concept, but it's stretched to be far too long, and if you do not guess what "twist" is in the first ten minutes then you probably are not too bright. That's a lot of sum up the problem with this whole DVD ... a few good ideas just are not enough to justify spending money on something like this. After all, would you pay for a photo you might have painted yourself?
