"Spielberg likes the smell of feelings in the morning, but feelings of the expense of narrative honesty? Nobody should love that." - Lucius Shepard <br /> <br /> The "Purple" takes place in the South Deep during the early 1900s, and tells the story of Celie and Nettie, two African siblings. The film opens with the girls playing in a field of purple flowers, an idyllic haven that is promptly broken by the appearance of their stepfather. This motto ?? innocent cut by people ?? penetrate the entire movie. <br /> <br /> The movie then launches in a series of short sequences. Celie revealed that she was twice aspiring by her stepmother, giving birth to a dirty room, bringing her newborn baby, and being forced to marry a local widow named Albert Johnson, a violent oath who raped repeatedly It is forced to clean up and look after the children. <br /> All these horrible scenes are given little time screen, and are rather surrounded by moments of pixie-dust cinematography, a symphonic meddlesome note, comedy uncertainty and overly addictive camera work. The cumulative effect is like the merging of a Disney cartoon with a rape film, an aesthetic joke that caused Stanley Kubrick to remark that the "Purple" made him so nauseated that he turned it after ten minute. Ten minutes? It lasted a long time. This movie often says that faces "racism", "sexism" and "black culture", but that's not true. Alice Walker, the author of the novel on the movie based, claims to be a bisexual, but is actually a closet lesbian. Her book is a lesbian fantasy, a story of female liberation and independent discovery, which depicts people as violent brutal women who are stymie. For Walker, the only way out of this maze is for women to stick together in a kind of lesbian utopia, black sisters and celebrity celebrity girls. <br /> <br /> Spielberg's movie, however, Walker's re-boards of lenses in comfort to American mythology. This is a film in which the sovereign power of Christianity overcomes the natural wickedness of man. A movie in which Albert finds himself in various ridiculous situations, moments of comedy that outlast insert in making him look like a fool bumbling. A movie in which all the characters come from racist ministries show, the cast including lecherous people (always brilliant and sexual smile and toothy), fucking stereotyped fats, band jazz and choral breakout. <br /> <br /> This is a movie in which blacks are naturally small children, readily and happily accepting social conditions. A movie in which the blacks are sex-sexed, carnal sensualists are dominated by violent passion. A movie in which poverty and class problems are entirely invisible (Albert lives in a big house) and black people are completely inept. This is not the Old South, this is the Old South as derived from "Gone With the Wind", MGM Muscals, "Song of the South", Warner Cartoons, "Halleluha!" and prohibited Disney movies. In other words, it's the South as seen by a child raised on TV 50s. It's all so cartoonish, so racism in the way it reduces these humans into one ethnic ethnic dimension, which black novel Ismmael Reed famously as it's a Nazi plot. <br /> Of course, in typical fashion films finished with family obligations were healed. This reconciliation was in the walker's novel, but Spielberg goes beyond not having all characters in the reconciliation story and their families. <br /> <br /> Beyond Hate the Letter Walker to Black Men and Zoo's innocent islanders in dark life, we are showing nothing in black community. We only have the vague idea of ​​how any of these characters make a living and there is no insight in how to communicate with others in their community. Rather, Spielberg's camera jumps over, desperately fighting for our attention (one of Celilla's atilla's kitchen looks like it belongs to a movie "Home Own"), every emotion about playing, the director never stands just observe something or to allow a little bit of life to simply pass by. This couple with Quincy Jones' ridiculously "white" music, and you have one of the weird films in cinema history: an angry feminist device filmed by a white Jew in the style of Disney and Griffith, scored by a man Black tries to emulate Jan Williams. <br /> <br /> The problem is also lack of white character. Consider this: The guys in this movie are not described as being rough to each other, nor are they dominated by women because they are brutalized by a racist corporation that reduces their manhood. No, they are cruel by nature. With women, if slowly suffering like Celie or rebellious and difficult as her sister, endure and survive only because the guys are too stupid to destroy them. A better movie should not focus solely on the oppression of women as it occurs among the oppressive, rather, it would show that it is the abuse of society that led to abusing marriages, that black slave women were forced to perform their duties very same as male counterparts (also still fulfilling traditional female roles) and that African American domestic violence has been largely because of economic factors, women can support themselves and their own children. <br /> So there is a hidden ideology of work here. The end of the movie one character tells another that since he does not respect his wife, he wound up getting seriously beaten and imprisoned in white. The implication is that the blacks need to return to the African roots to restore their own dignity and that it is the blame that their unjustly crushed white. meaning - Honor one another in your poor minority community and you will not run afloat in the dominant white culture. A failure to combat sex with madmwazism, proper music numbers, countless sequential sequels and incredible visual pizazz, funny comic business, adhesive music, and wildlife hyped, all contributing to rendering the "Purple" worthless.
