First of all, I would like to say that I love the "Ladies' Man" sketch on SNL. I'm still laughing at Tim Meadows' portrait of Leon Phelps. However, there is a difference between a 8-minute sketch and a feature-length film. Watching Leon makes his show, he makes obscene comments to him, and comes with all sorts of shows to show him, such as "Ladies Man Presenting Them ..." which is reminiscent of "Alfred Hitchcock Presents ..." absolutely hilarious. There's a great episode where Cameron Diaz plays the role of Monica Lewinski, and Leon plays Bill and is called "the oral office." Look, this is funny !!! <br /> <br /> In the movie, we do not see Leon on the show too often. In fact, he gets kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. And the plot revolves around his quest for true love, involving a mystery letter that came down to his house, signed by "Sweet Things." Karyn Parsons, who is famous for playing Hillary on "Fresh Prince of Bel Air," works with him on the show and has a secret break on Leon. The movie just piles on one boring subplot after another. And the gags are boring as well. The first time we see Leon mentioning the word "Wang" it's very funny. When he uses it over and over again, supposedly trying to get a laugh, the jail runs dry. Most of the jokes he used in the movie are jokes we heard before, and doing better, on the SNL sketch and played out tediously for a whole hour and twenty-five minutes. They even try to put a musical number by Will Ferrell and her gang from the Hatian Man, who all want to destroy her because the wives had an affair with her and brought some life into this unconscious comedy. Ferrell has some funny moments, and try to make the best out of a role role. Ferrell just has that unique comic talent, and it's funny at almost anything he does. Even Julianne Moore gets a comedy. Watching her, you can not but wonder "What the hell is an Oscar-winning actress doing in this movie ?? !!!!" His name was not mentioned in the opening credits - probably by consent. And of course a movie in this theme includes the Master of Love itself, Billy Dee Williams. Billy Dee is charismatic as always, but she can not even breathe enough life in this movie. I also added that the band full of soft R & B hits, affecting the movie even more, giving it a reckless tone downbeat - as if the script is not boring enough. I mean, this is "supposed" to be a comedy. The soundtrack would have been appropriate for something like "Love Jones." <br /> <br /> Ladies Ladies are only laughing occasionally. There are exceptions that SNL can produce a big movie from a short draw. See both of the movies "Wayne", and you'll see how it's done. But this movie, just like adapting Mary Catherine Gallagher's screen to the screen of "superstar," shows the flip side. Some designs are meant to be remembered on SNL, and not on the silver screen. <br /> I score: 3 (out of 10)
