After watching many of the "Next Action Star" TV reality, TiVo's eps has stuck to this triple-awful hole for me. For some unexpected reasons - and I only have myself to blame - I look at the whole thing, hoping that there would be something unique * in the entire movie. After much hype on Joel Silver's "Midas Touch" and flicks, he might want to ensure that he bumps up his alchemy. First, only the righthold value of the movie was Billy Zane, and even he could not lift the slipshod script from the pepper. After saying that, Zane's performance faltered about 2 / 3rd of the way, as it does not seem to know what else to do than to look smug. <br /> <br /> Can not blame it here, though. The word, quite frankly, sighs. Let's take the idea from "Race Race," "Enemy of the State," "Terminator," "Midnight Run" and any gambling movie you can think of and simply rehash it. And who's brilliant idea he had two sections chasing the bridge at a ROW? Sean Carrigan, "The Man in the Air" of "Star of Action Action" shows all of the strength and weaknesses director casting mentioned during the entire run of the series. A johnny one-note, Sean plays the joker's good looking jock very well but writes and hopes the weight of the movie. Quite frankly, we never quite care to care about whether she lives or dies not on the middle way, as Carrigan fails to give a reason for the same hearing as her. Routine dumb-but-lucky it gets old as it really is nothing about the root character for. <br /> But Carrigan is a dream compared to the wood, rigid Corinne Van Ryck de Groot. Does Howard Fine really say he pretends to be a Terminator for the first half of the movie? I do not think so. I was hoping to quote Arnie. Its character "performance" can be compared only to the dramatic depths of "Freddy Got Fingered," but not nearly as well developed. The camera loves it in black, shaded limousines, but in the harsh light of his mindset he sucks all the energy of the screen. Jeanne Bauer showed more natural life in his five-minute minute than Corinne showed off any part of his screen time. <br /> <br /> Finally, Sean has good resilient looks to give a good lead in an ensemble cast, but should not have left one solo. He was simply too big to work for him. "Next Star Action" colleague Jared Elliot may or may not have had better odds and some more dynamic characterization, but it's hard to say that Jeff Welch's screaming script. Someone should take the iMac Welch away from him before he hurt himself or anyone else. And finally, Van Ryck de Groot has simply been over and out of reach, even to complete such shock. <br /> Joel Silver would be disappointed.
