Many of the lead characters in 1969 Hideo Gosha film "Hitokiri" (manslayer; aka "Tenchu" - heaven's punishment) were true historical figures (in the form of "western" non-order): Ryoma Sakamoto, Hampeita Takechi, Shimbei Tanaka, Izo Okada , ____ Anenokoji. This name "Hitokiri," a historic term, refers to a group of four super-swords that carried out numerous assassinations of key figures in the Shogunate Tokugawa ruling in the mid-1800s under the command of Takechi, the leader of "Loyalists" ( ie ultra-nationalist, pro-emperor) family faction in Tosa. What was this struggle about? Sure to say, you will not get out of this movie. "Brilliant History Lessons" really! No, Gosha is more interested in showing you the usual without the trench and dicing and (in the absurd length) the internal torment of the not-very-brightly-ignited Aso Okada pass to reveal current history. Sakamoto, for example, was a person with historical significance, considered the father of Imperial Japan Marine. The nearest Gosha comes to give a story lesson is the scene in which Sakamoto, whom Takechi considers a treacherous of the Loyalist cause, comes to Takechi's castle to try to leave him ideologically. It starts by talking about the international political situation, with Japan's war port and a Japan too weak military defense against them. Want to know more? Padon. Gosha cuts this potentially fascinating conference among phrases (!). So much to inform her audience about a turning point in Japanese history. The film left me completely confusing the goals of the two sides of this struggle. For the two and a half centuries that the Chagun held central power in Japan, it was a institution dedicated to preventing social change, to preserve the feudal relations of society. He feared outside contamination, both ideological and technological. In keeping with that spirit, he violated firearms, these instruments of "leveling" in Europe and America, with which a peasant could stand up in a samurai. Throughout this period, the Emperor was nothing more than a spiritual figure. But in all the cities, which stood in neutral areas between feverdoms feudal, a new class of traders, owners and craftsmen were developing - the class known in Europe by its French name, bourgeois. Inevitably, as this new class came to power, it chafed against the many boundaries of feudal society. As in Europe, the King (Emperor) became the central figure in the bourgeois fight for power against the feudal aristocracy. But a political leadership does not always fully understand the interests of the class it serves. When the outside world arrived with a bang in 1853, in the form of the US Admiral Perry "Black Pirate," the elite decision in Japan was thrown into a crisis. The military had no match for foreigners. Also, they heard about the British imperialist raids and the French were wreaking in China. What should Japan do to save himself from the fate of its weak neighbors? Surprisingly, some elements of chogounate usually isolationists have been inclined to open trade with other nations in order to find some of the advanced technologies. This is the point of view (just barely) in the film by Sakamoto. On the other hand, the emperor-loyal ultra-nationalists, represented by Takechi, believe they could hold out foreigners by force, if only they could prevent the other faction from "selling the land." (Sound familiar?) So the assassination of Shogunate's key figures is in order - and far we go. Takechi's motivation was, for me, the bigger movie puzzle. Gosha suggests that he is fighting primarily for his personal advancement rather than for the cause of loyalists. Can we take this to represent the tenor Loyalists as a whole? (Do you care?) Several evaluators have compared this movie favorably with "Goyokin," which Gosha did in the same year. But where "Goyokin" is a crackling, thriller, thread adventure, and a worthy hero for sympathy, "Hitokiri" is plodding, nowhere near as compelling and missing as a hero. Sakamoto could be this movie hero but we can not know him - or what he stands for - well enough to achieve that status. <br /> In its wonderful look for five films before Kurosawa, Masaru Sato's note here was very disappointing, sounding like something rejected in a "Bonanza" episode. <br /> <br /> Barry Freed
