This "documentary" is a talent evidence used for purposes. The fact that it is financed by the Venezuelan government gives it a lack of legitimacy for the purpose of searching for the truth of what really happened these terrible days in April 2002 in Venezuela, something even our Venezuelans do not know for sure. /> <br /> There are ways of lying, and the directors of this thing lie both by omissions and by knowledge. The Venezuelan political process is too complex to understand foreign audiences, and to take advantage of it. For example * MUSIC SPOILERS * show pro-Chavez demonstrators shot in an empty street (what the hell they did for?) In a way to say they did not kill anyone, but did not bother show the images we've all seen here, in opposition demonstrations (with a journalist) falling dead or injured on the other side of the "empty" street. They can not explain why the only political helicopter police were allowed to fly on Caracas this day, and did nothing against the snipers on all building buildings near the presidential palace, something that would shows how inefficient would be the security measures to protect the President. A few days after the "coup", they asked the military officers of the National Assembly (Congress) why they did not act against the snipers and said they did not have to act against president "is not it a confession? There are many more, the fact that the higher military rank has announced that Chavez has resigned and 2 days after he said he was lying because" this policy "and nowadays is Minister of Internal Affairs of the Chavez Administration. <br /> It would take me thousands of words to explain all the lies shown in this "documentary", made with the intention of selling the world an image of the good Hugo Chavez old that rules for the poor and the fierce opposition that wants him out of all costs, when the truth is that 60-70% of those who reject his kingdom, and that percentage includes the poor. I hope that of you who saw and bought this will be able to see a different version that is made by a Venezuelan group showing no less than 30 lies. <br /> <br /> Nazi propaganda has returned!
