(48 out of 278 people found this helpful comment, and count ...) <br /> <br /> People are like socks for image and looks - as much as intellectually hollow "idealism" that stretches behind communism . The Cheisma Che and seems to have as much to do with its iconic tunes as the misinformation that has been spread by propaganda leftist (like this movie) about it. <br /> I do not know what's worse: they were captured by one of the Killer's-Killer killer or who have to sit in 4 hours of this typically Soderberghian waste. The question is not why this pet-project was done but that took them long. By "I" I refer, of course, to Hollywood's wings and love her "secret" in Marxist Tyrant (Lenin, Castro ... to pick you up). I am fascinated that it took decades for one of Tinseltown's most talented director's talented leaders to finally take on such an unpredictable propaganda propaganda project. Where was Oliver Stone all the years? Robert Redford? Tim Robbins? Warren Beatty? Alan Pakula? George Clooney? Barbra Streisand even? It's a mystery. All of these "attractive" are often smiling themselves in the same politically one-sided project, yet somehow Che Guevara, who is arguably famous and well-known the Communist, was not a subject The movie is yet again .. <br /> <br /> "Guerilla" has all the features of an Indian-curious story of an epic scale; There are so many facts to be found here as in other similar Hollywood big-budget bi-biased biography biographies such as "Malcolm X" or "Gandhi", is almost nonexistent. The movie stars Del Toro as the most famous Argentinian revolutionary. But however controversial and criminal actions this man could have, one thing nobody can take away from him: he was a clever manipulator who came from a wealthy family - that is why Del Toro adapted the bill only visually. Del Toro can be an interesting, charismatic actor and he may look like Guevara physically, but he does not have any kind of scholarship anywhere, hence Guevara has come off as too primitive. Distribution of such mediocrats as Bratt, Philips and Franka Incompetente only underlined the director of sound trial. The movie is in the most slowly (no surprise) part, and visually refreshing. Even a brilliant director such as Kubrick would have been considering releasing a film that went beyond the 3-hour mark, so it is quite clear that this Soderbergh, who has only made one or two solid and early films In her career, she thought that Oceanic Grandness was up to the job. If you think the film length indicates that a great deal of Che's life has been shown here - then think again. Soderbergh focuses on Che's latest phase, and a lot of films are jungle nonsense, full of Guevara's idealism. (Psychopaths are not ideal.) I wonder what kind of idea this director estimates had actually chosen to ignore some of Che's earlier life. Is it actually considered it too refreshing? A massacre of 600 people has no interest for the viewer, huh? Amazing. Some director better than this over-glorious charity could easily fit not one but two complete biographies in a 4-hour movie. Soderbergh, in a sense, has become an accomplice never addressing the negative, dark side - which is more than 90% - in Guevara. Do not spread this kind of historic historic, consciousness to ignore the ugly truth (God forbid it to mix the image separately for Che), Soderbergh proves itself by a humanist - a fake image that most Hollywood and pop music characters struggle very hard every career In defending - but the opposite: that it only cares about ideas, never about people on these ideas being tested (such as on guinea pigs). Soderbergh and the love are elitists of the worst kind; These people often have an inexpressible contempt for the "proletariat" (what a stupid term) are supposedly siding with. <br /> <br /> Half of all students around the world put the image on the red and orange shirts, but without ever knowing why. It has become an iconic figure for clueless, uninformed, very often young people, who think that no man's face on the chest is somehow making them appear "noble", intellectual, hip or interesting. In fact, wearing a shirt shirt only emphasizes overall absence and total interest in independent education. (Do not you want to get more information about someone before you start advertising his / her face in the world?) Put the not-now-glazed image of the image as it has become a bar cup Bart Simpson. All of these "Che-wearers" probably know more about Marge's blue hair than they'll ever be over on Fidel Castro's allies dead. <br /> After all that would have been done in the name of Marx, one would think that these "ideals" mongrel should finally rest. It seems humanity never learns. Stalin, Mao, Kim Il, Pol Pot, Castro, Milosevic, Ceausescu, The Iron Curtain, one hundred million dead, over one billion dollars physically and / or mentally depleted in this system ... So no one in what matters, huh? <br /> The fact that Del Toro won a Cannes award would only surprise those absolutely clueless people like Cannes and other European festivals - and voting. Here's a tip: Sean Penn headed a jury. <br /> For music related to annuity, visit: http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/Fedor8/
