The first part, Che in Cuba, is on the portion of his life. He has too many battles that can not be resolved with many minor insistinguable injuries (remember that Che was a doctor). It ends as Castro has the revolution; He never came to Havana. The second part, Che in Bolivia, is about to guess what. He has too many battles that can not be defeated and Che served in too many insistinguable injuries. <br /> <br /> When I realized this was supposed to be a "season" (I never knew * anything *, but the title before it started) I naturally thought of the greatest season at all, Lawrence David Lean in Arabia. The more that later. <br /> Do not be a racist, but aside from what I have already mentioned is the fact that there are too many characters that are, well, indistinguishable - Spanish-speaking actors who look alike, especially considering them all wearing their "che" beard and all wear Che teddy. This result of the viewer could not be identified with anyone other than Che Benicio del Toro (even Fidel has a very minor role). While the tortuous del Toro, think of "Lawrence" and Peter O'Toole as the only characteristic discernible: by Alec Guinness, no Omar Sharif, no Anthony Quinn, etc. You get the idea. Other characters may be replaced, resulting from a loss of reference. When the help of Che's deaths, you feel that there is no remedy since you do not know who they are. Even when Che is killed (I do not think it's a shovel), there's no sympathy at the audience - he just killed. <br /> It is too one dimension to deal with as a human being. From being a revolutionary and second only to Jesus in moral rectitude, the only thing we learn about Che is that he married five children (he said another character near the end). What was his motivation? A complete enigma. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Soderbergh is deliberately lean. Like Che Soderbergh, Lean never let us know anything about Lawrence, the man of mystery in Arabia. But at least Lawrence had a friend (Sharif) and associate (Guinness, Quinn). It was as courageous as it was insecure - so there were types of people. Che is like a car, on as hot as the Terminator. Earlier this year there was another war, Mongol. Che Mong makes it a wonderful life.
