I went to see this movie with the most positive expectations. I saw the Jacquet movie (march in the penguins) and heard a very positive review of this one on the radio. However, I was sorely disappointed. Most of all, this movie is terribly boring. Literally NOTHING happens. I tried to describe the content of the movie to a friend, and we both laughed laughing because I could only stammer things like "well then the winter comes, and then spring, and when This has an eagle, with a river, and one time it is dark, and the girl goes to a cave, and another time the fox has babies "and so on. After about half an hour I started to sigh, give, roll my eyes, curse the review of the radio station, and hope it would be over soon. But the movie went on and off. When she finally finished I ran so deep into my seat that I must have looked a bit similar to Stephen Hawking. The most annoying part of the film is (a) the girl, who is obviously having to give a child an identity. She puts the same clothes in the entire movie (one year), and shows exactly the two facial expressions: Joy and Gravity. It is nice, there is no question about that. However, a movie about beauty in nature like this one would do better without her all-too-human presence. I found myself constantly hoping he might find food in a bear, drowning in the river, or something even awful. (b) The comment is not the voice of the adult girl, which tells us nothing but negligible, obvious, boring, redundant things. (c) The music, which is desperately lacking intricacies. When the girl is happily jumping around, the music jumps around, too. When the fox is threatened by an eagle, the music becomes threatened, too. She reminded me of the very early days of making films, and she was just too predictable to enjoy. Admittedly, many of the children who saw the movie with me were obviously fond of it, at least they got somehow involved. So, my warning concerns are adults only: If you have more than ten years old, avoid this movie. You can get a better (and cheaper) sleep in most other places.
