I used to review video for the legendary "We are the Biz" Joe Bob Briggs. I saw a lot of stinkers, but this far was the worst, and the years were not kind - it remained the most indecent crime against movies I had ever witnessed. Do not get me wrong - CAGED TERROR is nominally more technically competent than, say, the MWA-A-GO-GO or GUY in HARLEM or something in this. What solidifies its claim as the worst movie ever to me is its unique blend of competitiveness and cautious pretensions. Is it a Vietnam comment? An Ecological Protest? An incentive to riot races? A study of man's human in person? A novel drill of nature footing padding from (almost) characteristic length? In short: a young urban professional hep (perhaps the most loathesome screen ever) somehow seduces an Asian-American Nubal partner in camp in the woods with him. After his brave-battered and philosophical prisoner applauds the best part of an hour, they run across two wandering veterans, the unforgettable Jarvis (a right fee) and the Troubadour (guitar-toting family Manson rejects). Hey, a plot twist! Tense! Action! Stop! Well, no, just a climatic-getting-close-in-a-effort-thread-chicken-co-in-a-little-belittled scene. The victim of questions stares listlessly in the captors and mutters, "No ... not ... please ... do not ..." Meanwhile, Jarvis addressed the Troubadour as "Trouby" once every two minutes, bring in mind nothing as much as the alien star of Juan Pike's PEOP pod. That's all about what happens at CAGED TERROR, and such a summary maybe it looks almost tolerable. But trust me, I've seen thousands of movies in my life, and this one has remained, for the past eight years since I've seen her first, she's the worst. (I pop it in the old VCR once every two years or so just to reassure myself, and to reassure myself I certainly do.) I think the elements that make CAGED TERROR are so particularly hateful is this: very little is happening, and although what little happens happens quite well and slowly, what really makes it compulsively unwatchable is the sense of suffocation that the movies really really want to shove some kind of message down to your throat. But because CERRY TERROR is so incompetent and inception, what has been done as a civic lesson becomes an accidental course of intense discomfort. This movie is 75 minutes long and it feels like three and half an hour. It's terrible, really really awful. People, trust me, I saw GHOSTS that always walk with this one is worse. Go see it! You will thank me. And curse me. Just for the record, my favorite line: (In CAGED TERROR, but maybe EVER) "Yeah, well, you probably think the Song of Solomon was an alienation for Christ's love for the church ...!" (NOTE: To be delivered in a ton of condensate condensate.)
