Please humor me if you will, for a minute while I read you back to the ALLEY CAT VHS box. It says: <br /> <br /> In this part of the city every street is a mourner-end on every corner of something to buy- in each go another way to mouri- To survive you will have to be The best - just like the Alley Cat. Alley Cat- this lady owns the night. On the streets where same predators become victims he knows how to survive - his cross and you have run out of luck. Alley Cat- This animal is excited. <br /> Now is not one of the most pathetic blurbs ever heard of your life? Anyone who wrote this to be crazy if they thought such a terrible description could tempt us to watch the video. But unfortunately, whichever anonymous people were responsible for using this tragic English did their job only too well. The film contained in the case of small plastic is as bad as it sounds, and then some. Karin Mani plays the title role, and the script basically tells him during each scene gives them either a) Put as a red fish b) Kick male butt or c) show off his feminine attributes. No complaint about the letter, but in terms of the other two. Let's just say it is not much of an actress, and is even less convinced as a martial arts expert. But even Meryl Streep and Cynthia Rothrock's body (which thought a pair) would fail to save this movie. The conspiracy of the plot is boring beyond belief, as we find a sequence of insects fighting directed after enough, standing only for historic wages and historic gag-inducing scenes of love and fun named Robert Torti. The camera-work also follows a similar path of shame, and far too many wasteful pre-ups and continuous mistakes abound. <br /> <br /> The part that I think really is this scum-bucket in a movie up is where our heroine is sexual assault, and finds himself witnessing to a corrupt judge while rapper-young her little goat on her out of the box. Not only does he get into scot-free despite the overwhelming proof of it, but he himself is then jailed for daring to protest on the verdict in front of his Honor. Behind bars, he then has a group shower, a lesbian break, a couple of cat-fighting and a nice, sue game in volleyball before being released on his continued battle. This ten-minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie, and the scenario grinds at a stand-up cover. I can only imagine the producers wanted to add a bit more T & A to the mix, and they came up with this sub-sketch besides as a means of achieving that end. <br /> <br /> What kind of begotten question, is this an exploitation film, or a serious drama? Nevertheless, it is my answer .. it's not sluggish or enough enough to appeal to fans of Troma-style movies, and certainly does not make the class as an exploration of one woman's fight against the system .. purely because it is so scarred to have done. So who on earth would want to see it? Lunatik, I guess .. or review IMDb that stays up to 3pm and watch any old garbage on the box while trying to get to sleep. Unfortunately about this occasional I fails, and the horrors will stay with me for some time. Do not make the same mistake I did. Make a hot milk, or something .. 1/10
