I see quite a few positive reviews on this chart, trying to revive this movie from its substandard status and starting a such cult. I see the usual abstraction - "I guess this movie is just not so easy to quit," "This movie is not Shakespeare," etc. guess what? Neither was the "Road Trip"! And I laughed a ** while this movie! There's a way to make a tiny, unkempt comedy and deliberate laugh; and there's a way to ... just make it rude and tasteless. "Empty" try to be "swingers" without the understanding or intelligence. It seems to have been written in the little eyes of a 14-year-old boy. For God's sake, the characters of this movie are supposed to be white-collar, upright citizens - and speak as some of the idiots I knew in the ninth grade in high school! The dialogue is laced - more like drowning - and four-letter words. You would think that people in their situation would have some degree of intelligence - and an extensive vocabulary. Just watch a stillman white film and you will see the difference. Not to mention the fact that the dialogue sounds totally unrealistic and downright cartoonish. If you know any success, white-collar businessmen who speak like the characters in this movie - please let me know and introduce me to them. Sexual annoying sexuals are equivalent to that of standard chat boxes among teens just getting into shape. There is absolutely NO insight in relationships, sex or ... anything !!! It's just a poor excuse to show an array of very - and not to take the word "pretty" for granted, because I mean it with my whole heart - Gag trading. These are gage with no substance. Gag means more for hunger than laugh. The end scene between Amanda Peet and her girlfriend was totally un-calling for and totally compelling. Some movies involve interaction among women written by (male) men and playing out nice. This scene involves a wide range of sexual interactions and gestures. It involves the type of dialogue you can never imagine leaving a woman's mouth. It was one of the scenes that were written in a non-writing subjects. I did not believe it for the second time. <br /> <br /> "Hit" is purely a male fantasy that's as flat as it is annoying. I got (very) some laughter from this comedy forgettable, and that was probably a result of despair. When you do not laugh for a long period of time, you desperately look for humor in the most trivial things. So I would not mark down as a positive.
