I was looking to see Amanda Peet in another good role after recently renting the "Whole Nine Yards" - easily worth the rental, by the way - but that did not read. <br /> I remember that the trailer for "hit" was a bit funny and the draw on three New Yorker supervised twenty somethings all dropped to and get manipulated by the good guys Peet was worth a shot. So I'm convinced of friends an afternoon coming to see this movie with me. This review is back to me. <br /> <br /> In the first act we have the three lead pillars, telling the conquests of a diner. What would have been funny, or at least said, came out rather pathetic. Is there a quality levance on the three guys and the encounters that we were supposed to get out of this? <br /> [And while I'm not thinking of being vulgar volunteer, I kept asking why no one of the diner revolves around when the poles speak loudly about sexual and scatalogical details. Do this weekly at the same diner? You would think someone would file a complaint. Oh, wait, I forget: two other dinner quotes in one scene. But this is just a setup for a punchline. All the others in the deaf diner.] The second act having the three pillars all fall for Mia and then develop brain rot, he will not ask each other or read about what's really happening between the card of them. And I continued to ask myself, as the poles kept acting like they were, what kind of garnish she saw in sticking with them longer than a date? It starts out with brain rot? I kept hoping for Eric's character, the married couple, to become something more than simply packing bitter things in this act. His role is clearly dispensing advice on being married. But why are they bothering to talk to him when they will not talk to one another? And his advice? Sheeesh! <br /> The third act resolved the plot but it was then I looked at my look. My friend told me they were always waiting for something really funny to happen and I agreed. The scene explained that everything was adequate and managed to explain all the questions and mysteries of mysterious dialogue in the movie but we just checked them in a list. ("Oh, okay, that's why Brad has happened that happened with Jonathan saying this ...") <br /> What laughs we made were from the sort of plot to pass in anything funny. Even the outtakes during the credit were not very funny. Finally, I left with nothing without a desire to warn people away from this movie
