Being a music student myself, I thought a movie taking place at a conservator might be fun to watch. Little I knew ... (I had no idea this movie was based on a book by Britney Spears) This movie was implausible at all. It is obvious that anyone who writes the script has never entered a conservatory and does not know something about classical music. Let me give you just some examples: 1) There is no one who should admit to a classic conservatory with no classical training whatever! Just having a nice voice pop is not enough, besides, that's something different all along - another genre, different techniques. It's like playing the violin when applying for a violin class. 2) How does the theory of female music theory come in jury singing? If he was not a teacher singing himself, he would have no say in such a situation, and if he was a teacher, why did not we say that? 3) When reading music is a necessity if you are the greatest in music. 4) How did Angela get a video tape? This should keep confidential, for the only jury. Now either he received the tape of one of the teachers or script writers just did not have a clue. I wonder who ... 5) The song teacher gave Holly singing in Carmen saying he had the "fix", which he clearly did not. Yes, he could sing the notes, but Carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while Voice Holly seemed to be lighter in song, not at all compatible with that song. 6) Worst of all: Not only the movie shows a shocking ignorance when it comes to classic music, but it does not even try to hide it. Aria that Angela sings is ravin beyond recognition, a painful fact of the recital, where she cuts off a shameful way - Mozart would roll over into her grave. The Habanera from Carmen sounded a bit weird at times, too, and how it was rearranged at the end just to show how small producers really think of classic music - it's stiff and boring but hey, add some drums and guitars electric and it's almost as good as Britney Spears! I know these are all minor details, but it would be so easy to avoid them and just a little research. Whatever, I could choose to stop the disbelief I had with the characters and the scheme was quite elaborate. But without that, I really can not find any kind of redemption in this movie except for one: it's good for a laugh.
