Here we are: from travelers from a far futuristic world to the world ... one is on a desperate mission to preserve a life, another is a punished car that destroys to eliminate the woman who will give birth to The savior of an entire race .. So what can we call this car killed? It's almost like it's some kind of destruction, or eradikator ... sort of like an exterminator or something. What's the word I'm looking for ... something -mininates-things? Hmmmm .... Anyway, the protector (who rapidly doffs the white shirt she was stolen from Luke Skywalker in favor of local clothes) found the first female and impregnated her with a future-designed ero . Uhhhh's evil ... "Exterminator" kills some rednecks and steals weapons and clothes, then attempts to get the woman by visiting her workplace and asking around by menacing eyesight and repeating her name threateningly . /> Then start a desperate race to survive as the expelling death and unstable "exterminator" pursues the couple across the country. At some point, it can get boots with a motorcycle, but I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> Perhaps, in an exciting final, it will try to break them under the wheels of a truck in great tank tanks. .. acid. Then the truck will crash. They will save ... but no! It will then re-emerge, as strong as ever. She will kill the protector and pursue the girl in a meat packaging plant, where in a terrific finish, he is pushed into a large piece of industrial machine cars, and destroyed once and for all. <br /> But maybe I'm extrapolating too much ... after all, I stopped stopping this movie after Mr. Magic Protector impelled Sean Young by kissing him in a bar, then saying he'll be the child to be born at 3 days. <br /> <br /> The costumes and effects are great in this movie ... I liked the first time I saw them on Star Trek: next generation too! Sean Young makes another big turn as an unmatched replicant, and sweat-pig career Stephen Baldwin is also on board as Young Companion of Young Boyfriend. Not sure where it fits into the scheme though ... maybe it's an import from a different James Cameron movie?
