Unlike others, I refuse to call this pitiful excuse for a film of triumph in style on substance (I do not want to give style to a bad name). Still, it's the most just description that comes in mind. A useless, unpleasant and ultimately meaningless attack on the eyes and ears, "Wonderland" one leaves wondered only why the movie was made in the first place and in the right minds gave the green this sad mess and tangled. A biography of John Holmes Porn Star? A study on whom this man was, why did he enter the business and how did he affect him? Great. Bound to be compelling, bound to be fun. Bound to be Enlightening and fascinating about over a million dollars (and I have zero interest in pornography). But a strange, confusing, violent, rashomon-style in a series of masters Holmes was connected and after his career ended? Who in hell cares? What do we have about? This movie completely ignores the most exciting aspects of John Holmes's life - that it was a porn star! "Wonderland" might as well be on anyone: the fact that the main character is the eye movie of the famous movie adult film is almost irrelevant. <br /> To make artifacts about a thousand times worse, the picture is loaded down with jerkoff - annoying machine-editing machine, sloppy dogme-95 camerawork, unmatched split-screen graphics and animation, etc. etc. In the absence of a story Convenient and unique to the main character, the director (and I used the theme of injury) was cast together a dozen or so techniques of other films decided to call the resulting chaos to film, among these: trends, bleach-bypass the look "Narc" or "Traffic" or "Minority Report;" Frantic, often incomprehensible, cast-to-piece-of-the-movie-in-the-air cutting style of "Natural Cold Fist" or "28 days later;" fold-every-moment-of-silence-and-a-old-song-to-evoked-to-the-period of "Goodfellas" or "Blow;" Groovy, retro title sequence in "Velvet Goldmine" or "Autofocus" or "Get Me If You Can." The list goes on and over and over. Pathetic. <br /> I wanted to like this movie. I had real hope for her. "Wonderland Avenue" has been around for years; The context of murder has been emphasized rather than the murders themselves, I think it might have worked. Thousands (with growing Holmes participation and L.A. quality) were signaled at the end of a career, or at the end of the swinging '70s, I think the movie might have meaning; It could serve a purpose. As it is - meaningless. There is no sense. Who cares for how many perspectives exist on a series of murders generally unknown by the public? The case is not the most popular enough to deserve the painstaking quizzes. This movie should have been the third act of "John Holmes's story." That's it. Period. And he could work. What is it? Oh, right, right, they did not mean a traditional rise-and-fall story. They did not want to "Boogie Nights" or "Goodfellas" or "Star 80" or "Autofocus." They wanted the different films. Right? <br /> Well, in one sense, they succeed. There is a big difference between these films and "Wonderland." The difference is that these films are good. <br /> <br />
