I was excited when I heard they were finally making this horrible event in a movie. The whole era (Southern California) and subjects (drugs and porn industry) are my intriguing. I thought this would be a sure fire hit. I was not thrilled with choices in Kilmer as Holmes, they do not resemble each other in physical appearance or styling. I guess he sells tickets? However, I wanted to neglect this and give it a fair shot. I was a bit shocked that there was only like other people in the whole theater with me on the first day of show. Now all the crime and story of the movie is hard to do, I'll admit that. There was no witness to this violent and brutal act. John Holmes was there, but he was also a patologist and worried about what would happen to his family (with self) if he talked to police about it. In fact, Holmes never really testifies to what happened and the crime went on limbo. So this was still a great mystery, a mystery that this movie does not do anything to throw light on. The writer's writing has a lot of discretion and most of the principal characters die. However, there is no real scenario, it is fragment fragment. The script is light and the actors try hard to beef up thin paper lines by overacting. The film does not provide any insight into Holmes or others involved. Karmer's Karmer's disappeared for long stretch, his girlfriend is dull, police are jokes. Even Kudrow is trying hard to make a very bright look look great. It's a very shallow piece and dare I say, boring. The same director attempts to turn it into a love story. Which is beautiful, unless you know anything about what a piece of waste John Holmes really was. Maybe a couple of look at Anderson's "Night Boogie" might be helping here. "Boogie Nights" was innovative and exciting at all times. This movie on the other hand was flat and without any real charm or style. Even the music is out of place, and Duran Duran being played in a scene that was supposed to take place in 1980. Then we have Gordon Lightfoot? Gordon Lightfoot? Could have been a big movie based on this event really, but I have not seen it yet. I have not seen even one decent one yet (unless you consider the Rahad Jackson scene from Bogey Nights).
