Viewers gushing on everything including the title (now funny) titles would have you believe this is some sort of cinematic miracle, but trust me folks, this is one of the most embarrassingly films you'd maybe you do not laugh at it five minutes, I would say you've lost your sense of humor. David Niven plays a defeat and bravado-besotted pilot who somehow thinks he or she is engaging an impressionable (female) air traffic controller in an emotional conversation about love, as he has plunged his death with his fire. (Is not it romantic ...) Of course, he was killed by a Quirk of metaphysical luck, and washed up on the beach, as this same traffic controller air rises by on his bike. (They immediately knock down). Looks past the omoz-erotic subtle subtle, (so on the top you really need to refer them as supertexts, from a naked boy sitting make-butted in play at the twilight-star movie theme on her little flute , in a celestial messenger so his farmer / queen-y makeup to hide better than the ladies'), the most unusual aspects of the movie are as he weaves the bad catacots of national and racial stereotypes in a Complicated attempts to discuss some types of points on the universal nature and power of love. We get it - boys fly like girls in skirts and heels, and girls like 'em back, and, apparently, all you have to do is cry a little to make it noble enough for your movie to get 10 stars on IMDb .. As for the quality of production, the continuity / correction is poor enough to induce cringing, and the lighting is, perhaps even worse than that, but you hardly have time to notice because the script so bad. There are games played with Technicolor, (whatever happens to the sky is in black and white if you can figure out the essence of that), and before, (so funny to my fellow audience members that usually like movies like this actually encouraging and laughing then the motorcycle doc finally ended in a fire wreck), and freeze-movement, (which is funnily at all because the female lead is so poor in standing still you know but the steps were guffawing off camera) . /> The best shots are the ones that are very early on the beach, but then it's all down. (As an escalator is moving) stairs are hardly Odessa steps, they say at least, and I would really be watching anyone from feeling like they would have to see this tram film-making attempt on their own. The movie in general is bad enough to be funny, and that's about the best thing I can say for her.
