**** Do not read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of the "Crater Lake Monster" to be a total surprise **** <br /> A plesiosaur claymation rises from the depths of Crater Lake to make Havoc on a local rednecks group, not to mention your quick button ahead. To call the "Crater Lake Monster" amateur is the most obvious. If you are not a fan of low-budget-driven movie, you probably would not be here in the first place. <br /> <br /> The problem with the movie is that when no monster action goes on, it really sucks and goes nowhere. The script is pretty Ed Wood-me, in that it's completely converted to the path and sets the main sequence sequences. There is nothing too out for the "Crater Lake Monster". He explains that his dinosaur does not have a meteor accident at Crater Lake, 'superheating' the water at the point where he incubated a dinosaur egg that was apparently resting at the bottom of the millennium lake. Even if we were able to accept that the egg could lie down for a long time and remained uncovered and solid, would not "superheating" the water like a temperature that caused much of most of the lake to evaporate? Other than some fog signs in one or two scenes, we do not see any evidence of the hot water, other than a few lines of the script. <br /> <br /> The paddling script is rather obvious in a few sequences, and it will do anything to find the characters near the lake so that they can be threatened by claymation dinosaurs. A couple just passed through problem car experience and while the vehicles are serviced, they decided to rent a boat and head from Crater Lake. Hmmmm ... Do you think these aliens in the story might be there to run into our titled monstrosity? In a sequence of just plain scrubs, a drink robbed a liquor store and decided to kill the cashier with a meeting instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of bottle. A car chase, and he would not know it ... to end right by the lake. Snack Time for Cratey! Yeah, it's not hard to figure out, and you're so far ahead of the script that you're irritating when it takes another ten minutes for these scenes to unfold. <br /> <br /> The essence of it all is endearing, and I really want to like the "Crater Lake Monster". I just can not do it. There's not enough here to go on, and this is more of a movie put on during a party, because you could talk right about it and would not have trouble. The movie has a thin list of things going for it, most importantly the dinosaur itself, which appears in three forms: a shadow puppet, a top model of wooden dragons in the water, with a insertion insert completely realized that actually looks pretty good. There is also a pair of lovable hooks in it, and bring the majority of the intentional humor into the movie. An end of the offense left us mourning the death of both the monster and one of our many love hicks, so good about this movie is dead at its end. Why did I affect that conclusion? Has he sung quietly about credit to finish? Or did I just cry inside for the time that I wasted watching movies like this?
