Well, maybe I just have a bad run with Hindi movies lately. I asked the video store guy for Apharan (Prakash Jha) but was a new release, was not yet available. So I was solved for this one. It turned out to be the stupid Hindi movie I saw (and I saw quite a few). No wonder BoLlywood is the laughing stock of the whole world! If IMDb had negative ratings, I would give Garam Masala a -10. <br /> I remember seeing a television show about the jazzy premiere being released in Mumbai. All the usual idols and bosses were shown. For some strange reasons, people expect good things from Piyadarashan. I did not like Hulchul, Hungama, or his other films. Hulchul, probably armed out of Tamil or Telugu, came across as very loud, in-your-face prices that again did not make much sense except in a Bollywood film flick. This latest piece of CXXP pronounced proves that this guy has no BRAINS. Who made him a director, even a Bollywood director in that ??? <br /> Whatever, the movie now. What starts in as a romantic escapade gets to a non-sensitive woman-hunting woman. Two fashion photographers working for a magazine share an apartment (is not it just like any entry where 2 dudes are working for a gossip magazine and sharing an office? Jesus Christ, now they're copying their own stories!) Well Anyways, there's some cooks or chefs who try to help one of the Dodos in his quest for multi-lateral love (aka multi-task + multi-distribution). What happened to the end, I have no idea. I changed mid-way off. What is ridiculous junk. I can not believe they even released it. And how sadistic curls to their own! To which audience did it - the poor masculine American mass (700 Mil of the last count) or the well-also NRI stay in Phoren? Either way it does not matter. Neither group has any signs of making a good movie and probably worthy of God-terrible things. <br /> It's a brief review because there is nothing to write about the usual bag of F-class garbage. Bollywood should change its name to Follywood. And yes, this review is better than the movie itself.
