I never understood why some people do not like bollywood films: they had charisma actresses, big dance numbers, and intensified emotions - what does not like? What I did not realize was that I was only seeing the above-crust in Bollywood. Then I watched "Garam Masala". I could say the first scene that this was not a movie I was going to love (the movie opens with a mount of two driving leads around a city and apparently goes serendipitously on a set of popup pictures populated with girating models) but I kept hoping for things to improve. Unfortunately, they did not. The main problem is that the protagonists, Mac & Sam, are completely unsympathetic. They spend the entire movie lying with women - and lying brutally - in order to get them to bed, and the audience is supposed to get this funny and must be seduced. Boys are dishonest and stupid, and not in an enjoyable way. Mac even goes too far to have one of the drug women in order to keep it from discovering cheating. The script is very poor, with repeated scenes, configurations that never lead to anything, and logic actions and statements by the characters. In fact, the characters never really developed at all. But they are blur, greedy, and simply simply interchangeably women. If you go to this movie, you would think that "air hostesses" are very easy to pass from person to person. In fact, betrayal is not so funny. <br /> <br /> The only bright spots I found in the movie were one dancing number that had brilliant sets, and a slapsticky moment involving the French-made mascules, door-slamming in the story . But Bollywood dancing is best enjoyed in choreography movies by Farah Khan, and for slapstick you might as well just go straight to the silent comedy of Buster Keaton and Harold Lloyd, which seem to have influenced Priyadarshan writer / director by a small little. Priyadarshan also took false credit for inventing the story: is the basic quotation of the stolen plot from playing in 1960 "Boeing Boeing." The original author of this work, Marc Camoletti, is credited nowhere. At least Priyadarshan changed the title to note that, rather than brazenly using the original without giving credit, as it did in 1985 version of this same story. (According to the IMDb credits list.)
