Based on the short story story written by Stephen King writers on so-called ancient and immortal cats as former 'Sleepwalkers' creatures that suck the life of the virgins in order that this energy can sustain them They have the ability to supernatural- they can make themselves 'dim' that means they become invisible and can create miraculous subliminal miracle people.They have run people for the century we have been told and have one by one selected until there are only two left .The movie begins when a beautiful mother and her baby come to a sleeping town, they are the last of the sleepwalkers, and they are on the prowl for girls eating on. The mother sends her son out of the local high school register so she can get a girl, she does (Madchen Amick) and continues to try for her alone so she can dry her. It does not make clear why the mother can not look virgins herself - it would make things easier one would imagine as the younger boys more just followed a great older woman in a lonely area than a young girl kids follow a teen boy. However, his plans are called as the girl fighting back, jabbing a pencil in his ear. The police call and the hunt is over! The sick son of his injuries, so the mother goes on to capture the killing rats left and right in his hunt for the girl to hurt her son and spouting some painfully unfinny a linen that is covered in the middle of the throat . Finally the girl kills the end of movie ends. This movie is garbage! The acting is variable, from Brian Krause's average Alice Alice is excellent. The special effects are average, and shows some early computer effects that are periodically interesting as it shows how far these things have progressed in a short time. The direction is muddled and the film falls into place. The principal looks like we are supposed to sleepwalkers or sympathize with them and when in doubt the movie becomes hysterical. Stephen King makes a funny lustr truck as an annoying field as Mark Hamill, as a cop convinced. Alice Krige looks like the movie's shoulder, gives her character depth and gives an indication of what the movie was capable of with a better scenario and better direction.
