So, on the Thrill Network on the Cables have "Vampire Month", I like a dork, but I love vampires. So, after a few duds that they showed I was very disappointed, but then I noticed Sleepwalkers written by Stephen King. So I decided to go ahead and check it out, quite a lot of my surprise, this movie was really bad. Most Stephen King are fun and some are very scary movies. While Sleepwalkers was bad, it was a pretty kind of bad. I had a good time laughing at this movie and just got it for what it was. I never read Sleepwalkers, from which I understand this is just the real vampire story by King, so I can not really compare movie books. I do not know if it was just my TV, but Sleepwalkers looked like he did for TV. The special effects were trim and the story was a bit far off, though it was fantasy, it had a lot of trouble. <br /> <br /> Charles Brady and his mother The Vampires Mary who feed in the life force of virgin women. They are considerably more flexible than humans and may have both telekinesis and illusions. A weakness is cat, which can not only be seen in the illusions but whose claws can seriously injure fatal injuries on them. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary took residence in a small Indiana town. Charles goes to the local high school, and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative class. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles wants it so much; They take life force for his mother, who is starving. At first, it seems that Charles fell in love with Tanya. In the first few days, however, a picnic in the nearby cemetery, Charles tries to drain the life force from Tanya while kissing her. As happened, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson has earlier tried to pull Charles on for speed, driven by the cemetery and Charles' notice. When Tanya ran for help, Charles train Andy down and killed him. When Charles then turned to resume his life-force acting session with Tanya, the deputy cat, Clovis, got up on the occasion and nearly killed Charles by scratching him in the face and chest. Mortally injured by Clovis, Charles stumbled back to Mary. Mary then seeks revenge on Tanya's family. <br /> So, this movie sum up basically you should expect the overflowing cheese. The scene where Charles Tanya's assault for the first time is very cliché and you almost vote for Charles to win just because Tanya is one of the dumbest female drives in horror movies. Then you have to love the scene where Mary has a gun and shoots it in a cop car and somehow the exploding thing, God Bless Hollywood Blast and Exaggeration. I take the movie for what it is, it's just so delicious succinct that it gets into a dark comedy for me that I could just enjoy doing the fun. I'm not sure if this is what Stephen King wanted to see for his story, but he had his typical cameras in the movie. So, my suggestion if you watch this movie, just take it for what it is and not about thinking it, it's mindless entertainment and meeting effects, bad casting, a funny story and enough cats make the crazy cat cat out in saying the Simpson "Wow, that's a lot of cats". <br /> <br /> 4/10
