Allow me to start this review by saying: I love Vampire movies. They can be sucked (they were intended for weight), and I still love them because the vampires are just cool in movies. Van Helsing, considered by many to be a steamer steamer of crap, was enjoyable to me because of the fact that there were vampires. You can ask: "What to do with this movie?" The answer is that I intend to inform you about how horrible this film really is, even a harharhar for movie cameras as I can despise a movie like this very much. <br /> <br /> movie star Van Helsing, a college teacher guy who is not at all convinced. He is a terrible actor, like everyone else in this movie, and wrote it, adding salt to the wound. I honestly did not mean they offended him, and I'm sure everyone was having fun making this movie, but watching it was actually painful. I'm not sure why I look all the stuff; Maybe it was a morbid passion, as it watched a next train crash: it's horrible, but you can not manage to force yourself to look away. Its main fault is that it's just so **** ing boring, and its drawings are so ridiculous, even for a movie movie horror movie. <br /> But I digress. By the way, Van Helsing had sex with her mother. Of course, he does not know it at it's time; She just thinks she's one of her students (which is always illegal and all, but not as lousy and creepy). <br /> <br /> If I was Van Helsing, I would at least pull a Oedipus myself when I found out I did something so gross. It would have been done for something fun if it just did some comment on it, but no. The point is not even brought up at all, by any of the characters. It's as if the writer did not even think of it. I would have at least had another laughing character in him and said "Ha ha, you've had sex with your mother," which might be funny (although flagrantly immature). I probably run out of room, so a few more words discourage you from ever seeing this movie: there is a vampire vampire battle with an old man. It would be funny, but the filmmakers expect us to take it seriously. It's not even worth watching the movie to see how bad it is. Stay far, far from if you appreciate your time at all. <br /> I'm going to say one positive thing about the movie: The guy who plays Van Helsing is very slick and knocks at him. There's like, a long minute segment where it swings around his knife and actually does some very core tricks. It would be boring in any other movie, but here, sadly, it was the highlight.
