I must agree with some of the comments and others even go a step further. <br /> <br /> Nothing on this movie works, absolutely nothing. Delmar our central character makes the decision to become a surrogate mother in order to earn enough money to buy a restaurant but on the road falls to an old wise jailbird. At the same time her friend Hortense tries to find her lawyer her husband finally marrying her. She also happens to sleep with Marlon who is desperately in love with her. Then Jethro Delmar's brother came to participate in a former Coke adult, Missy who revealed his sexual abuse by his adoptive father. On the sidelines we also have the writer with an assortment of equally odd friends, one of those dead on the couch at the start of the movie. So far so good but after introducing these characters and story lines addressing life, death, grief and love in the first half, the movie simply loses direction. If the writer chooses only one or two characters and has allowed us to track stories maybe things would be good, but equal screen time to all with the result that no single story or character has developed completely. For example, why Delmar thinks she will be able to give her children in exchange for money, especially when prospective parents are a lawyer attorney and semi-alcoholic with his wife's depression? Why is Hortense so desperate to marry a man who is a jerk and clearly does not like it? How does she missy manage kick off the habitual habitual habits? Is Jetro regularly drawn to women with overwhelming problems, or is the Missy exception? Is Delmar and Jethro mom always on the unique side, or is it a most recent development? Why is Jetro so keen on Cadillacs that he has one in the middle of his living room? Why did Moses spend several years in prison for stealing a car, a relatively minor crime? How did Delmar manage to give birth to baby Moses when there are no suggestions that have ever been sexually transmitted? <br /> <br /> These questions are posed in the scenario but unfortunately they never answered. I can only assume they have responded to the original novel and therefore the writer felt the need to include all of the script. Great mistake. Losing several Hortense's subplots and Marlon history, which adds nothing to the movie in general, would have tightened things considerably and allow more time to develop the Delmar, Jetro and Moses characters that are clearly the most central to the plot and hidden terms than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Add to that most pedestrian LED style to look out of the soap opera opera and the result is a huge lack of opportunity for everyone, including Jorja Fox that does best to ride higher the material. I'm not surprised that this appears to have been the latest film director as this effort shows no evidence of a visual style or ability to say a moving and smart story.
