This film is not rocky, as others said. I found it really boring and funny. The story is about this high metal kid kid that idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. The singer dies, but not before making a last album which is to be played on the radio in, of course, Halloween night (which would actually make it November 1, a much less potent date to be sure) . Your child gets a copy of the file and has secret hidden back-playing messages. It is also the key that opens the door so that the really bad metal singer can come back to carrying havoc and death in the world. <br /> <br /> The first part of this movie is not a horror movie at all, but rather a Special After School. We see the metal kid (outsider) teased on and off by the popular kids. And he failed to learn the most important lesson in high school movies: When the cool kids who bullied you suddenly invite you to a party, do not go! It's a trap. Especially if it is a pool party. Anyone is surprised when it ends up in the water? It was such a special after school that I kept waiting for Melissa Sue Anderson to show up and teach Jody Foster a lesson. So go back to the horror party in the movie. So, this metal kid gets some power and instead of using to kill the bully boys (who would have done much more sense), it's out phenomena and try to protect all the boys and boys intimidating from wrong. What? A Tender Hero? What fun is that of a horror movie? Thank you good Carrie White did not follow this lesson. She is currently trying to prevent the music played in the Halloween Dance, the very music that could lead a power to kill all the kids who meant it. If it were me, I'd put that music off, and pronto. <br /> <br /> The rest of the movie is about this metal kid going around town trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. Why not partner with her and really do some damage. Why do you ask? It seems he's in love with one of the popular girls and does not want him to hurt .. most suitable for a movie Molly Ringwald. Is this a horror movie or an episode of Beauty and the Beast? The movie just goes over and over at this point, with no fear, horror, or anything worth watching. If you went to high school in the late 80s as I did, this movie is fun to have a little flashback of fashion with great hair, but that's it for this movie. Skip it and stay home and just listen to some KISS.
