Antonioni, by making this film, was supposed to be the role of Father Smurf in the little long-haired American, the radical student-Smurfs. It was taken under the guiding principle of European Communist zeal, showing appreciation and support for American confused ways. (These are the Smurfs red and blue, not elsewhere around.) The radical smurfs were happy to find the advice of an old wise man with gray hair that regularly near the God of all long-haired Smurfs, Lenin Communist - another wise old man who has babes made the Smurfs take him even more seriously, to symbolize something of wisdom, even though they did not quite know why they consider the beard This kind of deep effect on them. Castro, another wise person, often takes advantage of this confusion and exudes magical powers and bears her admit it nervous overseas. (Not to mention Che Guevara: The beard has a certain je-na-sais-pas-quoi on her, one wants to immediately embrace Marx and her beautiful, passive teachings ??) The film begins with a wounded meeting of radically stupid student radicals, engaged in dialogue that really speaks "confused" words. As confused as a blind-folded dog falls into a high-tall building in a deep pit. Immediately, the "hero" movie (well, the hero Antonioni) woke up and said something for his fellow-left and then left-wing companions, hoping that the display of "mega-calm" will be improving her image of James Dean, and greatly increasing her chance of getting put up with the best "little chicks" in the next hippie orgy party. Eventually he gets into trouble with cops (sweet pig) at a gathering, and spends the movie under blue sky American capitalist looking for freedom ?? Or something like that. <br /> <br /> Antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but (or has) nothing new to offer; It's just the old trigger-happy one-dimensional cops, businessmen discuss business deals (and wrong with that, is not how Antonioni's movies get made?), and endless shots of TV commercials and billboards The oh oh so morally decadent product for the abominable, selfish, and greedy straight-rabble-populated people who think of no one but themselves, their families, their jobs, and their children. Patricia Antonioni, as with his time - Smurfs and Smurfettes in the late 60s, failed to notice the most obvious and vital aspects of their comic movements: they were allowed to have their mockery meetings and expressing the views of the anti-facilitators in this great establishment, whereas students in these countries with their left-wing systems admire, did not (and still do not). By far the greatest irony on the hippies - and Antonioni, naturally, failed to achieve this as well (her judgment being clouded by cocaine-snorting with excessive intake of LSD) - is that the hippies (they ) waste-residue of capitalism. This is an incredible irony. Only in a successful capitalist system you can find the species called "hippies"; a bunch, horror, and selfishness of middle-class and upper-middle class lost. The movie itself seems to go on forever. Antonioni takes its sweet time and getting on it, while including splendid scenes, with a high dullness factor. Its attempts at the symbols are annoying and trite. Its statement is very dubious, at best. This movie is the way Antonioni says violent revolution is the solution. And this is what we find in an old, saturated, rich room, movie-maker fat who lives in villas and dinner in the best French and Italian restaurants. <br /> I do not remember seeing any big Western movie about Tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in China. But when a Western student shot Che Guevara's face in all of our faces, we found ten major films on her at once. I suppose it means that a Chinese life worth a thousand times less than a west? At least with the hypocrites left-wing infected film. <br /> <br /> If you are a neo-hippy marxist and guy this terrible review, please click on "NO" below.
