This movie is definitely a product of its time and sees in any other context, it is an extremely stupid film. Heck, even seeing in its proper context, is very bad !! Mostly, this is due to a comic strip and very independent direction of renowned Italian director, Michelangelo Antonioni. In this case, he tried to meld a very artistic style movie with a anti-hippie film film and was only successful in producing a bomb in hunting propaganda. The film begins with a rap session where a lot of "and her" students sit around and say such platinum as "power to the people" and complain about the "man". Consider most of these hippies having parents sent them to college, it seemed a bit comical for those privileged children to be so loud and shouting revolutionary jargon. A little later, the violence between students and the "pig facility" breaks out and is a cop killing. Our "hero", brand, power or can not do it, but it is forced to run to avoid prosecution. Instead of heading to Mexico or Canada, it does only mean a total moron would do - steal an airplane and jumped to the Mojave Desert! There, he meets a chick happen 'and they then sit around philosophy for hours. Then they have sex in one of the sex party scenes in cinema history. As they gyrate over to the dirt, suddenly other couples appear in no place and have a big orgy scene. While you see a bit of skin (guaranteed an R-rating), it's not as explicit as it could. In fact, it lasted long and it looks so choreography that it just boggles the idea. And of course, when finished, many, many other couples disappear in thin air. <br /> <br /> Strangely, later the couple painted the aircraft with some help and it looks like a lot like a creation of Peter Max. Despite improving the view of the plane, the evil cops respond to returning to the plane by shooting the lovely revolutionary. When the girl finds out, she goes to a semi-catatonic state and the movie ends with her seemingly imagining the destruction of her parents' pig films and all the evil that they stand for (such as hard work and responsibility). Instead of a simple explosion, you see the same enormous house exploding about 8 times. Then inexplicably, you see TV, fridge and other things explode in slow motion. While mute, it is rather cool to look - sort of like David Letterman shed these things or break things off his show. Aside from a dopey plot, the movie suffers from a strong need for a single character likable as well as extensive editing. At least 15 minutes could easily be removed in speed things up a bit - especially since there really is not all that draws much or dialogue. The bottom line is that this is an incredibly dung movie and I'm not surprised to see it listed in the book "Fifth Worst Movie" by Harry Medved. It is a well deserved addition to this pantheon of crap. For such a renowned director spend lots of money to produce as a movie movie is a crime! <br /> Two final observations. If you love laughing in funny hippie movies, try also watching her in Jill Billy. Also, in a case of imitation art life, the lead, Mark Frechette, acted his character in real life. He died at the age of 27 years in prison a few years after participating in an act of "revolution" in which he and some friends steal a bank and kill an innocent person. Dang ipi!
