In 1966 film "Blow Up", Antonioni had her true hero question against a series of British young protesters. Do not put these questions against a fabric in hip fast movements, Antonioni questioned, intentionally or not, the effectiveness of these organizations. How can you fight for a cause when you think it really can actually be a lie? On the flip side, the film said that we must fight actively the challenge that we see precisely because others can mislead us with fake imagery and false truths. Even though the hippie aspects were the most turbulent part of "Blow Up", they created a beautiful texture and gave the movie more meaning than it might otherwise have done. It was a very cautious and mature movie. <br /> With "Zabriskie Point" Antonioni throws away all the ambiguity and subtlety of "Blow Up" and go full of hype noise. The result is a movie motion and bad metaphor, stupid mind and storytelling. How does someone, who through his career seems like constraints and intelligence, doing something so unusual? The movie opens with a wonderful set of close ups, as we watch a radical group discussing the significance of revolution. Suddenly one person (Mark) gets up and left. He hates the rigid nature and order of revolution. He acknowledges that, even though the revolutionaries fight for freedom, to tie yourself to such a militant cause is effectively giving your freedom to go. So, like Jack Nicholson in the "Passenger", Mark just wants to be free. As so, Mark buys a gun and goes solo. It takes orders from no one. When police attack Mark University university he shot a guy and ran away. He then flies to a nearby aircraft, stealing a small private jet and flies from the desert. Antonioni treats the wilderness as a peaceful Utopia, and contrasts it with cities of merciful capitalism, and bulletin boards and modern hook devices. He sees the desert as a sort of garden in the garden of Eden. <br /> <br /> In the desert, Mark meets Daria and quickly fell in love. Antonioni then gives us a ridiculous sex scene in which hundreds of hippies have sex in the sand. Free of the constraints of modern life, these tree-huggers and radical students can now celebrate their individuality by humping in the sun. <br /> <br /> The movie ends with Dead Mark and Daria fantasized about blowing up the mansions and three-story house of wealthy capitalists who killed her. It's Antonioni's challenge at his hearing. Pick up weapons, pegs and explosives, he says. Tear the walls down before your cage! In the course of the film there was no effect on its audience. They recognize "Zabriskie Point" as is just another self-centered commercial attempt in being radical. A sort of radicalism commodified. He felt empathetic and tame. This movie is very stupid. Antonioni basically says that if you are happy with the modern world, and the fat cats that exploit you, you should either run into the desert (Mark) or actively fighting the system (Daria). That's all good and good. But if artists constantly warn us of these dystopian nightmares, they will all be especially able to show us how to effectively administer change. Like the end of "Fight Club", nihilism and violence have achieved nothing. In the real world, social changes tend to be incensed by inventive incliners, demanded before advancing minor technology. I mean, who women are released more than contraceptives? <br /> 3/10 - A very bad movie. The problem is, Antonioni does not really believe in rebellion. He is a quiet and contemptible man. An introvert that seems to have made an extrusion film simply garner more worship in the counterrevolution that embraced his earlier film, "Blow Up". As such, "Zabrinskie Point" comes across as a very firefighting and stupid film. It's essentially a 50 year old man says "Look at me, I'm a daring rebellion!" <br /> There are many films in which the audience is encouraged to fight the "system," but they all fall into one of four categories. In the first category you have films such as "Network", "Cool but Luke", "Cuckoo's Nest" and "Spartacus". All of these show that the lives of freedom fighters end up in failure, though in each case the "spirit of revolution" survives. The message is that you can not effectively change, but not die or fail, the optimistic notion of change continues to live in martyrdom. Essentially we must keep in weakening rather than giving up hope. Then you have films such as "Club Fighting", "Zabriskie Point" and "Falling Down", which simply encourage you to explode. Tear it all down. Blow it all up. Everything is a lie, so you might as well go outside blazing weapons. These films make out of anger, reactionary feelings, rather than any sort of common sense. Then you have the "fight rather than fighting" category. Terrence Malick and Antonioni are the masters of this genre. Movies like "The Passenger", "Red Desert" and "Badlands" show human beings run out of their world by liking and forging islands or peaceful rabbits for themselves. Both directors are pessimists, in which Malick has its island destroyed and Antonioni has its island offers no sense of happiness or solution. Then you have the fourth category. Films such as Donnersmarck's "Other Lives", Ashby "Bound for Glory" and Kubrick's "Orange Clockwork", treat artists as a force of change and rebellion. In these dystopian worlds, of all those content to be a slave to the state, it is the unbridled creativity and freedom of the artist / criminal who holds the system of the check. Not just existing outside of the herd, you create waves. Your comments, actions and critical eyes, challenge how things are. As such, Donnersmarck's films have novelists and artists destroying Nazi Germany, too, Kubrick has the Alex Artists / Nazi nigger fighters, painting the city of blood and sperm.
