Cautiously stretching credibility to a great degree as diabolical sociolopathic Stanley Kaldwell returns this time to infiltrate the film production in the novel he wrote for the garden erodies, assuming the identity of a second unit director was murdered. poker fun in Hollywood, and a script-language-in-the-fly shot of the Sleepy Warriors director and actresses (.. looking for a way up the ladder) and anyone who challenges them to the full spotlight. Brian Krause, who I thought was obnoxious, overacting at the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, shouting, the temperament director who does not like the fact that his second unit director and scriptwriter, Alison (.. by Dahlia Salem) seems to be taking on the production. Andrew Moxham is Paul Parsons, a brother of a victim from the first movie. Black movie humor in this time takes the idea of ​​a series assassin actually operating as director of a movie series and exploits it for all it's worth. Nelson again skilled slides back into his psycho role without any difficulty, and Stanley as smart as ever, using his brain to commander a movie production, killing anyone he has in order to keep all control over her job, let no one stand in her way .. this is until Alison realizes that Stanley really is. Alison is an ambitious writer's type who wants to take the sense of his subject ... if Stanley motivates to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what brought such a man down this dark path? The humor of Alison is currently working with the very man is also a part of the satire in the heart of this thriller comedy thriller. Of course, you get inevitable confrontation between Alison and Stanley, with a really ridiculous, incredible conclusion about the fate of the assassin (as well as a hard swallow pills). Unlike the first movie, photo and sophisticated polish, Po-Chih Leong director used unnecessary techniques (like shooting an all sorts of strange, slow-motion movements in a sepia color, and several cases that were capture video) and rather annoy instead of being impressed. Late this, me, just was not about as much original as the target, and a lot of humor less effective and more obvious.
