Need a lesson in pure, failure inequality ?? Look no further than the "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom", an abysmal, dust-poor, shame in a movie flick. As we all know, decent moovies tend to thrive awful terrible, terrible: "Halloween" has begun a lot, 80 flames of many 80 slashers; "Mad Max" has begun, many bad 80 "fantasy futuristic fantasy" flicks; and the "Conan Barbarian" began to kill all the terrible, e-sorsyery terrible cops, terrible, terrible incredibly bad. "The Lost Kingdom Assistant" graphic below in the 80's barrel, in a way that really insults barrels. A young angry boy named Simon retrieves his "good kingdom" of an evil sorcerer with the help of a carpet Mangy, a gnome garden, a mermaid bimbo mermaid, and a tired-looking, pudgy Bo Svenson. Svenson ("North Dallas Forty", "Bastards Inglorious", "Delta Force"), a long-lasting muscleman b-moovie, seems barely able to swing its aluminum papers. However, he managed to defeat the forces of evil, composed of the evil sorcerer, "Shurka", and his army of seriously suits, grandparents, and halves. At one point, a paper papers beat on a string attack, but they were eaten by a 1/2 hidden chocolate puppet, pity presented as some sort of dragon. The beginning of the film consists of what can only politely be portrayed as the scene bits scooped up from the off-floor floor of bad words, stitching together in the prosperous hope of the scenes setting for the movie, and on-badly Recalled by some guys who never appeared again. Words can not be properly transmitted cheap jaw-dropping in this movie; The producers probably spent Moore's moolah food Svenson ever expanding gullet over on the fake fx in this flicker movie. And we're talking about 'Brie here, folks ...: = 8P Director Hector Olivera ("Barberian Queen") presents this mish-mash in a hopeless way, confondled, and anything, destroying any possible hint of clear story Storyline. The act is obnoxious, production levels below string shoes, and the plot is one tinged tired after another paraded before our weary eyes. That they actually made an end (!!!) make the MoUCow brain tornadoes. James Horner ("Braveheart", "Titanic", "Rock") tile cheese from "fights beyond the stars" has got up, screaming and kicking, and gracious grafting on this turkey - this one bet does not pop up about his resume. Folks, you have to see this to believe it. The MooCow says as a cheapo rent when NOTE the other things to look, well, it's moore pleasure than watching dune bunny mate. Barely There. : = 8P
