What we have here is a sparkling glittering piece of early 80's incompetence that will make even the biggest connoisseur of gossip completely speechless! "Lost Kingdom Wizards" is a very cheap adventure with fantasy / sword-and-sorry fantasy that does not have a current scheme, but rushes and scandals lend elements to other films. Writer Ed Naha and Hector Olivera (who?) Have looked enough at the same type of movies knowing that they need a handful of essential characters, but probably calculate that the rest would follow automatically. In order to make a fantasy adventure you need: one super-evil villain (preferably with a black cape), one young hero of training, one lone warrior, one kind of friendly animal furry, a midget wise living in the woods (optional) with a colorful collection of horrible spirits, slave nen, and gagoyil wings are served as filler. The story is phenomenal and so original, and Simon the son of a wizard who has to run out of his beloved kingdom after the evil evil Shurka to take over the power and kill the king. Simon wants to go back and save the people, but therefore, he needs his powerful ring he lost during his escape. Simon befriends the Lone Warrior Cor (usually the dude Bo Svenson who clearly needs the paycheck), who helps Simon during the long journey and full of devastation of court, dangerous encounters and magical confrontation. Admittedly it does not even sound too bad so far, but that's just just because I exclude all the details are insufficient little insufficient. Simon has a best friend called Gulfax, for example. Gulfax is an albino version of Chewbacca with uncontrollable chuckles reminders every time it opens its poodle-knife yelp something incomprehensible. The objects while returning home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as padding feet to cover up the lack of real content. Simon has nightmarish visions inside a tent of forest suspect, Kor resolves an old note and the pig's sister whose sister has refused to marry and allegedly has the alleged thirst where you can only sing your way out. But the absolute most unpleasant sequence ?? not just in this movie alone but in the history of movies? involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. Simon wakes warriors of the legendary warriors, hoping they will help them in the battles, but the dead bodies only take a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return to their graves. That's it! So much for the sub zombie plot! Best sequence ever! I could go to the list of hilarious little impulse details for several more paragraphs, but you get the idea. "Wizards of the Lost Kingdom" is a film-messed-up movie "that's bad-it's good". Word of advice: do not look at this junk piece of junk alone. Invite friends, preferably the types of doped-led with a cruel sense of humor, and watch it in groups. It will be a night to remember ??
