From the outset, you know this is a movie of Sherman Sherman more than a Adamson movie because the credits roll, "A Sam Sherman Production" appears in big letters like the title credit. Not only that, Mr. Sherman co-wrote the scenario and his idea was to use Bob Livingstone, a washing-up, 69-year-old Western star in the old Hollywood era to be his male lead in a photograph that Sherman thought would capitalize on the recent success of "Swinging Stewardesses". <br /> <br /> Now why do you want to have an old man as your male lead in what is supposed to be a feature-soft OS? He challenged explanations, but Sam Sherman is for you. Her mother and old Hollywood-many of her films for Independent International Pictures, and she and Al Adamson have often tried to get tea actors for their films (eg J. Carrol Naish, Russ Tamblyn, Lon Chaney Jr., etc.). But Bob Livingstone? Tell me the drive-in demographics to know what the 'second-second-rater was; it's ridiculous! <br /> But then again, "Naughty Stewardess" was a successful photo for them, so we can not just write this as a Sherman fiasco. Still, not any aesthetic standards, it's an incoherent mess. Al Adamson wanted out of this picture, and it's easy to see why. The first, he does not have to concentrate the whole genre and popping around from super soft knees (tits and ass / simulated sex only) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of Steinkler 's "Rat Pfink and Boo Boo"!) In between, we get underly sexually boring sequence of the traipsing stewards around the renowned Vegas music in Sparrow, or Richard Smedley and Connie Hoffmann on a shooting photo in San Francisco. Worst of all, we found Bob Livingstone as a wannabe Jack LaLanne in a blue combination trying sexy ... gags! (Fortunately, her great sex scene with Connie Hoffmann was deleted, but you could catch her slurping on her titties on the DVD in the Special Special section .. Creepy.) This is a horrible, horrible movie, but I'm going to give him three stars for Gary Graver's photography and from Sympathy to Connie Hoffmann for doing it with Livingstone's "wrinkles". "Naughty Stewardesses" is to complete Adamson's and / or movie exploits in the movie as Sam Sherman's comments are offered inside vital information. Everyone else, warns.
