These are the dilemma (above) that Debbie must face at the end of this Sam Sherman Naughty Stewardess production. Debbie has just hit the city, becoming a stewardess, lying down with a wealthy senior man (which he describes is in his 50's, but obviously striking marking a decade or two ago), shoots naked scenes for a photographer just met, and then is the central component of a kidnapping / extortion scheme. Through it all and among all this emotional and soul-searching change, what's the name Sky will Debbie do? Well, I can not give it away completely, but do not expect any real epiphanies here. Let's face it. Naughty Stewardesses is just what he wants to be (at least two thirds of): a movie movie movie core and many Topless women and a comic in the kitchy 70's movie film. There is no grand art here. The film was designed to make money and exploit a growing trend at the time of putting the nymphomaniac films stephessesses so that the audience could live out vicariously to taste the girdles. By today's standards, the film is very tame. What this movie does wrong is to try some kind of movie statement at the end. C'mon, anyone here is believed to be little diatribe by Debbie while on the beach contemplating life. It would spend more time picking up behind herself going to wear that day then doing so. And what about the ridiculous scheme of fly 50 Grand? It did not make sense to me how on earth did these characters "dig" it? Anyone who buys Cal as a member of the PLO (something like that) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? It would be lucky to find work in seven eleven. This is, as another review noted, plus a Sam Sherman piece then with Al Adamson piece. You can say when Al is in full charge. There is virtually no budgets and the film does not look almost as polite as this. Adamson has done a decent job that is leading this time and I must give Sherman credit to a degree. While this movie is just right for what it means to be, it has a certain style of it. I liked the open credit and the animation and photos. I liked the music of Sparrow. "Silver heels" was a bit catchy tune. The movie does not look cheap really at all. Compare ANY to any of Horror movies. As for the throw, yes, Bob Livingston is a bit old for the lead, but some tests come into his character and the obvious thread that young women are attracting people and money to explore too. I had great trouble with Robert Smedley who was just awful in his role. The girls all got big sex, so what else they asked for them huh? Naughty Stewardess is relatively harmless exploitation film from the 70's and will serve as a lifetime capsule for certain aspects of life during this decade. By the way, I mentioned it is a very bad picture?
