It seems that the people behind envy realized that recent comedies - especially those involving Ben Stiller and at a lesser degree Black Jack - were parody situations, which had gradually declined in originality and generally laugh. I found the sheer absurdity of Zoolander net hilarious when it was released, Starsky and Hutch were also enjoyable, and then Dodgeball kept laughing for a lot of people, although personally I was a bit tired of the characters - The top - especially when the storyline was not quite so funny (maybe the comedy of a Dodgeball tournament is not well translated in Australia, where it's rarely played). So, in an attempt to do something a little more original, Envy moves away from an absurd scenario and rather turns around around the absurd creation of Jack Black's character (I will not spoil what it is for those who intend to see the movie). The problem is that the movie seems to drag, I'm not a big enough movie movie to think of example, but it looks like this set up did a thousand miles before - and very rarely successfully. So, instead of a beautiful, crisp, enjoyable and cool comedy, you get a movie that looks just like the motions. Make sure the motions can be quite fun, and they are centered on an idea that is originally enough to provide a few laughs - especially with Black Jack playing the entertaining and entertaining, though a bit of 2D, creator. Ben Stiller in the other hand looks somewhat lost, he was asked to play a complete role than the ridiculous characters of his Zoolander growth in movies, but he writes as a family man, if his fault or scripts are not enough The depth of the character and the result is a film by Ben Stiller to make these typical touches and generally become tedious. The performance does not leave a fingerprint on the viewer (it's just Ben Stiller, Jack Black managed to actually show a character - but not a single challenge). The latest annoying element of the film is Christopher Walken's role as the 'J Man', which is about as typical and two-dimensional as characters come, and naturally it becomes monotonous and frustrated very quickly. <br /> Not as unbearable as some people would have you think, it's in view, especially if you're in the right mood (smiling feeling would be a good idea to see this movie). Hire it on a movie night with friends and watch it after you've watched a scary film and feel like something light - hopefully you'll be a bit tipsy not then too. In that scenario I can imagine it would be quite enjoyable, but generally it gives too few laughs to bring itself and most of the time just drags along.
