I admire them so much in the so-called "frat-pack" movies. No matter how bad, I can find something for love about Ben Stiller or Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn or Will Ferrell or Jack Black. But "Jealou" just left me on like cold as the white horse that Ben willing. This time, it's Ben and Jack Black as a couple of nutty neighbors, one of those (Black) discovered an aerosol spray to make puppies disappear and become incredibly rich while the other (Stiller) writhes in jealousy. This supposedly the scheme, but then he veers off in other directions that does not really make much sense. <br /> I guess 'vapoorize' the thing is sort of fun at first. The problem is, they try to support the gag for the whole picture (Black has a car plate that reads 'Caca King') and it becomes fairly tedious. But even Ben and Jack are used incorrectly; Energy levels for both of their performance seem to be comparatively down. The two best performances are Rachel Weisz and Chris Walken. The Neo-hippie-dippie Walken Walken is so offbeat and thus well-modulates a performance that he really never suggests any of Walken's other characters to familiarize. It's completely unique, yet coming across as unstoppable Walken. And Weisz is the best actress in the business that nobody knows about. Even with limited time screen, it always prevails every scene in the inch <br /> <br /> The whole horn of the so-called drama is that Ben, in a stupor jealous drink, accidentally shoots Jack's white stallion pricing, and Then go to ridiculous lengths to cover it, fearing her best friend will get out and cut her dead. But the scheme twist is not credible because there is nothing about Jack's character to show that he would do such a thing. She plays as a sweet guy that she renders the nourishing horse null and void. You completely discount it. It's all filler. And what's the point-out-of-control-happy-go-round, except that Barry Levinson wants us to know he has seen "aliens on a train"? Simply is painfully malicious and acting in the two driving leads. Someone who has the Levinson's track record should know better. Maybe someone will invent something to make this film disappear. Oh, wait, they already have.
