Jack Frost, there is no child he's not the movie Hot Interracial Family on a Dad who came back from the death in the form of a snow man. It's about a sadist killer named Jack Frost who sprayed with some acidic liquids and is morphed into a snowman killer man. I got to catch a copy of this movie so I can have a nice sit back and laugh at it. A snowman man man? But sounds like the perfect comedy movie / movie! Well I was wrong, very bad. Jack Frost is on an assassin who was transported through jail trucks so he could fry in the chair at night. But it's a snowy night and it collapses with a government tanker carrying a new DNA fluid. Jack saves only to be burned to death by the acid and morphs in a bloodthirsty snowman. He returned to the small town of Snowmonton where he was caught by a small sheriff. Here he is ready to kill again, now as a snow man and cooler power. It can be condensed in water, shoot out ice sugar, spear and grow bloodthirsty killer. The only question is, who can stop Frost? This film is below the typical B-movie line. These films begin cheese but as soon as Jack burns by the acid, it quickly drops below the cheese line and goes flat. Acting for one is terrific! Here we have a whole cast of strangest of actors who either can not act, act but have a pointless character, or are just here for a few extra bucks. The only good actor is Scott MacDonald who plays Jack. It looks like a young Richard Kiel combined with Frankenstein. Unfortunately his appearance is only reduced to three minutes and all we ever see in him is his new form of snow and his wise voice split it. His more wisecracks are nothing but funny. Groaning, stupid, and bad. The draw is terrible! Throughout history there were many murderers. An assassin in a hockey mask, a killer and a razor glove, a touching seafront chain, a rapid St. Bernard, but now we're foaming in a minor assassin miner? Oh come on! And the way the characters presented are terrible. For one I really wanted Jack to kill the Sheriff sons, I mean to give his father oath and antipathy to them so they will not freeze? All the characters are dumb and pointless and death are cartoony. A woman in choke with Christmas light and has her head crushed in a decorative box and she is a girl lowered to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that stage eh?). This terrible movie is special effects. The first major special effects we have are Jack's DNA are mixed in with snow and boy is terrible. I mean it looks like a fashion 60 of art design, PU! Jack looks fake as well. It looks like a person covered with snow rubber skin. All the blood and throat are cheese and the film has never taken off with magnitude, but rather than stoops at low levels. Jack Frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. I thought it would be a riot but no! It does not try to be funny and it actually tries to be scared. Jack Frost gets 4 out of 10, and at least makes me laugh out of it terrible. Do not even bother with this trash. Jack Frost = D +
