This is a low-budget parody of genre of espionage. To help framing your expectations, you should know that: (1) The act is heavily inflamed. The stars have great pleasure to deliver lines and excessive eye movements, often hand gestures, and cut-key rhythms. (2) The script deliberately lacks continuity and plausibility. Often the lines are suddenly jammed and comical because they have absolutely no relevance to their previous plot element. (3) Vaccines are frequently framed in the angle of balance, enjoying the pleasure of genre. (4) Jeff Goldblum, who pinned in the eye, delivers complex and classic preposterous dialogue into a sarcastic manner. The film has a guided intelligence, deliberately starting with a striped element stolen from the B-films of the 1930s: a secret code that has a structure that would challenge explanations by Carl Sagan. Acting on-the-top movie is used mainly for funny effects during the first 90 minutes. In an early run gag, Fim Grim's son Ned is often told to leave that you can not help chuckling while feeling sorry for the boy. The beautiful choreographed Parent Posey fell from bed also helps put a funny tone early in the movie. <br /> <br /> Slow slow the movie by improving the comedy elements or the drama components that later appear. The film impact as many dramas significantly decreased by the comedy early. Moreover, it is difficult to be overly involved with the characters and fate when the early portions of the movie are so sarcastic. The music note is intentionally heavily released, and I found this (with the cut-kilter culture angles) more disappointing than funny. The on-the-top act, the implorable and almost incomprehensible plot of conspiracy / counter scheme, and the slow slowing will grind on many viewers. The movie is too long in 158 minutes. <br /> <br /> That said, the receptive fans of the sarcastic movie might want to look again ... using close captioning better to catch smart ridiculous in the dialogue. The film was too slow for me and the sarcastic felt heavily more than light-hearted. But the comedian may well appeal to your taste. The movie is worth a look for those who enjoy independent films, fans of director Har Harley, or fans of Parker Posey (which have the most time cameras).
