I did not see "Henry Crazy", but after watching "Grim Grim" I'm not sure I want. Perhaps Hartley aims to be the "anti-thriller" director-he's sure to succeed with this yawner. Based on the official description --- women discover that her husband's manuscripts have material that could pose a national security threat --- I hope a drama geopolitical drama. Instead I received a bud structure, soap dialog, damaged characterization, scheme scheme, and a "tone" that often shifts to Hartley changing the script according to his mood at any given time. I can hang for a long time with a draw, hard-to-follow scheme (like "Duplicate") because I figure that the loose finish eventually comes along. Even if they do not, or they do, they leave persistent questions (such as "duplicity"), write loudly and act can keep one's interest. Here's halfway through "Grim Fail" to a very dangerous realization --- I did not know what was going on, and I did not care. Too bad, because I really love Parker Posey, reduced here to work with an absurd part who asked him to morph out of indifferent, current and indifferent women, thrilling hard moments, intelligent international "player" capable of psychologically managing a man and terrorists. There are also bad castings. Jeff Goldblum can be very good, but it can not overcome miscasting as a CIA operation. It looks almost as uncomfortable in the role as I watched it in it. CIE sidekick it gets worse; It looks like a refugee from the quarters of "Idol Americans" (they have genuinely young CIA agents and big licks of hair rakishly wrap over their foreheads). Then there's the sticky issue of the characters' age. Goldblum was 54 when he made "Grim Grim"; Thomas Jay Ryan, who plays "Henry Crazy", was 44. Nor were they looked or looks more than their current age. But a key point in the story is that they serve as CIA agents in Nicaragua "back to the 70s." Goldblum characters would have been in his 20s then; Henry Fo was a teenager. Has Hartley been "original" or lazy? The issues are too many to list ...
