I say 'I'd figure' in that line because, frankly, I have not seen a Hal Halley movie until now. It's not that I have not heard of him though, as he saw this as one of those KM filmmakers (when I said I meant even smaller than Jim Jarmusch), which made ultra-personal projects on limited budget. In an ironic way, just like the Salo Pasolini, though in a slightly different context, Fay Grim interests me to see some of Hartley's most acclaimed features, because there seems to be at least presenting some pretent talent behind it, like if Hartley * might * have a very good ministry that can be so good he just took a great experimental donut. Or, on the other hand, it could be just someone who is quite too impressed with his own idiosyncrasies, it should be God like collision cinemas. <br /> I can not fully explain the story, which may or may not be a problem I suppose, however it's not really due to not having seen the movie before Grim Fake, Henry Crazy. I think even though I have experienced that it would not do too much of a difference based on final results. There is a lot of international espionage, a double drawn wrap inside of another that's falling into the fake pockets of the title character, played in a steady way by Parker Posey (not sure if that's good or bad either, maybe both), and also involving an operative CIA (Jeff Goldblum, as usual a solid presence in the mid, even conjuring some laughs), not to mention a debris picture box, and author Henry Fool. It's not that the script is totally impenetrable, however much it goes to over-extend loopholes just for the sake of because there are some touches in witty dialogues or strange expressions. <br /> <br /> Quite simply, the direction just sucks. Harltey is in Love with the Third Man, which is fine, but it imposes a still headache induced style of everything that has been leaning on angles, and characters have to get into equally weird frames. By the Earth's Battlefield, in fact, a director has come up so annoyingly trying to make the necessary choice of angles titled for some rare dramatic effects, only Hartley's time is not in the middle of a cluster-f ** *, it is especially responsible for it. This, along with wannabe crazy title-card titles that pop up here and there, some a little fun and some just totally stupid, and the entire segments are all in still vaccine, and a couple of moments involving almost-called action In mind Ed Wood, undermining any of the potential of the script, which is already fairly difficult to decode. In a way, it's fascinating to watch how bad this all goes, but a kind of passion that comes in viewing the flip-side creative total control over a sort of small-scale story. let it be known: you will likely not come across a more modest firefighter example of American independent film-making this year.
