I did not think he can do, but something came up with replacing Open House - a low budget horror to kill someone at the high price of real estate - like the worst movie I've ever seen in hand but otherwise sweet life. <br /> It was known as the best movie of Montreal's most recent film festival, which led me to believe that every other entry would consist of empty-wall vaccines accompanied by gloomy poetry readers. <br /> <br /> Watching this movie was like a slice of hell. It comes from Austria, and tries to stumble along in the traces of Short Cut and Blue Velvet-Scene on various characters living in a suburban area with a dark underbelly. There's the fat lover and his wife Fat Woman who is striptease for her, the thirsty divorce that has a wife still living with her in a house that includes the intact room of her dead children, the annoying annoying hotel reciting The top ten list .. The list goes on. For ever. Much like two hours more I spent in that theater. <br /> Yes, the characters communicate, but not in a clever or interesting way or even important. I could not tell if they were any good as actors, as, according to the translation, given the Australian equivalent line of "You're So Lame!" They certainly did not have to learn a lot, as each repeat the same line even at least three times in a scene. This is not Gummo, or any of the aforementioned movies. There is no art to discover, and nothing to stay on after except perhaps whether you should change your "never walk out during a movie" policy (which quite a few older couples did during a scene basic random - and if that sounds appetizing, it's not, unless you're one of some people who do not get the idea of ​​having your parents have sex - and a few couples among older-aged people, in boots - riot). was offensive. Not the flaming nudity, not the cringe-inducing band, by the shockless scenes involving weapons. I offended that someone actually spent money doing so when there are capable writers and filmmakers out there looking for funding. I was offended by someone from out of town might go to see Dog Days and come out to know if that was our best Montreal they could get. Most of all, I was offended that, somehow, people who participated in the festival cast everyone in believing that the emperor had a gorgeous and fascinating new outfit when he suffered clear that he was as naked as maid's wife wife makes a striptease. <br /> <br />
