The 1975 MASTER in the flying GUILLOTINE is an amazing movie and wonderful to watch. This is not because the battle is particularly inspiring or because the movie makes any sense at all. That's because the movie is so funny and so over-the-top that it is a classic class - bad but enjoyable bad. The movie stars a blind guy who has a Frisbee-love device on a chain that chops off the head of the people as he expertly launches this to his enemies! Who cares about the physical are impossible or the movie features such as funny things as fighters and 12 feet long paper-waving arms or that the guy was blind! It's just a ball to watch from start to finish - and one of my favorite "bad" movies and big to see with friends. <br /> <br /> Because of this movie I wanted to see the FATAL GUILLOTINES flying (1977), though sadly it turned out NOT to be a sequel but a bit of a hit-off - take a lot in the ideas from the original but neglected to make the movie as coherent or watchable. Sure, it's funny fun, but it never comes near the master of the GUILLOTINE flying into entertainment value. Like the original movie, there are these unusual flying devices that heads heads, but they are quite different - and circular saw blades and almost an idea of ​​their own. There are also blind guys but instead are a bunch of wicked people who really have no depth nor do the audience understand exactly what happens in this English-embraced version, as the plot is completely incomprehensible. However, at the same time, some of the martial arts actions are very good. While not up to the highest standards of Bruce Lee's or Sonny Chiba film, the action is refreshing despite the comic and often confusing scheme. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a movie that martial arts fans can love (despite its many, many, many, many shortcomings), but also one that others are probably closing or laughing isteric in instead of enjoying the action because the movie is just so funny. But most importantly, he never came close to being as funny or watchmaker as MASTER in the flying GUILLOTINE. Too bad.
