AVAILABLE: REVISION IMPLICATIONS SLIGHT <br /> There is a parallel universe out of which Gone in 60 seconds is a dark, noble, controversial independent movie. Unfortunately in this dimension Gone ... is a flashy, vacuous, testosterone-fueled moronfest starring Nicolas Cage. <br /> <br /> For reasons that are not really worth entering, it's with a large number of them having the four days of flying fifty expensive cars, only one of which has an alarm. This team consists of the humorous and humorous-looking man in the rumors of the new Superman; a guy who drives electricity into the X-Files; a former professional footballer with two dark signs. <br /> <br /> The enemies are cops, steal their rival cars and Bilborough from Cracker, Manchester accent it decently applied and expanded for American audiences who are now using the kind of stuff since Daphne in Frasier. There are also Angelina Jolie, who has no character; save to be a plastic in the sexual desire of the man. It and the cages are supposed to blaze old, which is odd, as they never have anything approaching a normal conversation across the movie over 135m running time. <br /> <br /> In fact, characterization is so poor that every time anyone has a "moment" a violin playing in the background accentuate the "emotion". He has no shark revealing that Vinnie Jones (who recreates his famous Paul Gasgoine "handball" maneuver and is quite ominous when silent) only gets one line; Not because his inability to speak is integral to the plot, but because its eloquent summed up in the dubious movie morality after appearing dumb all the way into is funny. Allegedly. After he was struggling to read in "not-well-acting-but-it'll-do" London drawl, Cage "I always thought you were from Long Island." My cube, as you might imagine, was fine and really crooked. <br /> In humorous reality is the most developed aspect, from the tactless comedy policeman to the characters of black nuts. This sees the biggest aspect of Hollywood taking hold; why is that a black man can not appear in a big picture without being alert to his skin tone and endlessly refer to it? The youngest, who, like the former, talks-for long duration, proclaims: "Our black people do not like the cold ... our tropical people." She then goes to express an urge to smoke a joint and watch Root. It is, of course, parodying the image of black people, but how funny is that? The oldest counterpart he can not speak without referring to himself, and thereby his color, to the third person. "My black ass" this, "my black ass" that. Does anyone know anyone black that actually speaks like that? Thought the band has played almost non-stop and with increased volume, some of the tracks - especially Apollo 440's "Do not stop the stone" - so the loudspeakers are actually more acoustics than sound effects and dialogues. The monitoring system even separates from the as a degree that it sounds like two different films running together. There is no musical music concept here, it's aural equivalent of trying to watch a movie while someone in the back of the movie has stereo turned into full blast. "Keep this music, young man!" This is not the worst movie in the world and in many ways I liked it. It's just that it's predictable, lazy and insensitive, with minimal effort in its construction. Apparently expecting desk boxes are remarkably down for this movie. After being junk-force junk for several years she appeared to the general public to begin to awaken the reality.
