This film should show film school students as an example of what DO NOT do. The original kicks some bigger weary tires, this terrible disaster restores the cardinal rule of Bruckheimer movie, which is: we all know they are sourced, but they have great action. This movie has no action. This movie is boring. Where are the cars? Where are the chases? Where's the tension? Where's the suspension? Where's the Rush? Where !! This is not really a movie at all, it's a bad commercial. 50 cars in 24 hours? Evil. They have 3 days stolen, the ad is wrong. How bad is this? Driving to act is stiff, wooden and forced. The villain, the cop, the others ... who cares. They explain their free lines, they use the logic scheme. They slog through it the best they can as the music video director says "Do not worry we'll do a lot of cut fast and no one will notice how bad the movie is" or "we'll fix it with lots of music The "Scripture" is not really a script at all, it's more like a click list and an end that is a total ripoff: ------- Warning - possible snake ------ 5 --- --- 4 ----- 3 ----- 2 ----- 1 ------ The fugitive. The biggest crime at all is the slightest in Vinnie Jones, man .... is the baddest, coolest since Jules in Fiction Pulp, and what they do!? They made him a dumb in the movie hard! Make Vinnie the main villain and he could have saved the movie. They were so dumb? How? How? Why? The original movie is very fun with a cool trick in the end that gets the driver gone. The original has a great 40 minutes chase delivered! Go to the original. If you're craving some real action chasing cars renting roning. The chases of Ronin rise The bar by which all other car chases will now be judged. Bruckheimer and Cage had all the money, all the resources, all these experiences, and could not even come close to match a movie that was 25 years ago for $ 250,000? How can this be? You feel like you've torn off after seeing this movie. Where I was once excited to see ugly coyote, Remember the Titans and Pearl Harbor, now I say: God helps us all. <br /> <br />
