DR. SEUSS 'GRENCH STOLE CHRISTMAS / (2000) ** (from four) <br /> If you want to see a holiday movie that will inspire your seasoning minds and continue traditional Dr. Seuss classic fables, see "Dr. Seuss' How the Grinch stole Christmas." If you are old enough to read this review, then you are probably too old to get any kind of fun out of this motion picture. It has many colors, creative design and imaginative wear and costume construction, noise-free joy, and the characters are made up to look like the current inhabitants of Whoville the fictional village. Unfortunately, the end of the movie element is finished; The rest of the output is nothing but an excuse for Jim Carrey grille on screen while giving a devilish grin, all the while thrilling in the movie is overwhelmingly largely and there is nothing much to do. <br /> Many people recognize the story of how the grinch stole Christmas from Whoville, so I will not waste my time writing a detailed summary for you to read. However, I'll say that the movie's history is executed in three major acts; the development of the Grinch and Environment, the Whoville Festival, and the Vision Seuss Vision denotes the one who robs the Who from Christmas. There are many accredited names in the credits here, but there are no familiar faces. As with the "Battlefield Earth," I just do not see why the producers would hire expensive actors just to have their identity covered by unrecognizable makeup and costume. Regardless, there are Snly Molly Shannon as Betty Lou, wife of Bill Irwin, later playing Lou Lou, Daddy's Little Cindy Lou, played by Taylor Momsen. Jeffrey Tambor is Whoville's mayor, Anthony Hopkins pretends to bellowing him for the movie, and Christine Baranski is the loser lost to lost lover. <br /> <br /> Creators try to bring the originality of the story by adding unnecessary subplots and focusing too much on the tiny Cindy Lou. The Heavenly Price by Jeffrey and Peter S. Seaman just feels like it goes all over across the movie landscape; there is little if any focus is by director Ron Howard and the scenario is predictable, too extensive, and perfectly. The character only gives any distinction here is Grinch in itself, all of the other characters are puppets in the sketch, shapeless and refreshing. And the dialogue is overzealous and too quiet to be anything but pathetic. Example-Grinch: Oh, who-the majority! <br /> <br /> Factor Fame The movie goes from designer to gifted producer Michael Corenblith, Rita Ryack's designer costume, and the makeup department enough. "How Grinch Stole Christmas" is a very good-looking production. The compositions and atmosphere created by the filmmakers are detailed and imaginative; It is like the audience visiting a world as in a dream. The people of Whoville are plastered with makeup, to the point in which we can not tell the actor reciting the humorless lines. Although dazzling, I really can not provide their credit performance, so they look on the expensive technical department to take their place. Jim Carrey is one actor that I can talk about. His performance is what almost destroyed the movie itself It is way too outspoken as the Grinch, too exaggerated and comical to allow the story to be anywhere near to recognition as the work of Seuss. Surprisingly, although there are a few funny moments due to a few slyly clever sequences, there's no laugh out of Jim Carry's spirit. It's almost like the movie was written specifically for Bringing his party overplay. This factor only leads the film into a wild but brainless comedy, which is only a pale shadow of the original classic Christmas "How Grinch Stole Christmas." After that film, the historians should check the coffin of the late editor, Dr. Seuss can be rolled over to his grave. <br /> <br />
