(Possible Defiler) <br /> Someone once asked Dr Seuss if they could get the movie rights in her classic Christmas 1957 How Grinch stole Christmas. He turned, insisting that no one can do better than the wonderful Chuck Jones TV Special from 1966 (also in mind, perhaps, was his bitter experience writing the script in 1953 at the 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T). When the good doctor was killed in 1991, her widow, Audrey Geisel, still inconsistently refused to sell their movie rights. But with the common use of CGI effect becomes a reality, Mrs. Geisel has a change in heart. Universal has made a generous bid accept; he accepted the filing of Jim Carrey as the title character. Supposedly he was satisfied with the final outcome. Well, Mrs. Geisel, who is one of us. The film provided a $ 123 million budget (which is more than the same Heavenly Price Prix, including the adjustment for inflation), which obviously went toward elaborate makeup, design, and special effects make them weaken <br /> somewhat by the cinematography instead. Unfortunately, it seems that no money has been set aside to get a better script than that of Jeffrey Price and Peter S. Seaman (skribing of Which Framed Roger Rabbit?, Which has made better <br /> <br /> use of a high budget) was turned into .. whereas the special TV was a trim 26 minutes without advertising, this movie tries to complete a running time of 105 minutes with more background information on the Grinch. It seems that, as a child, it was the subject of ridicule, including a particularly humiliating experience a Christmas at the age of eight. So it seems that all our poor people Grinch is directly from people. The problem is, it seems like a minute long 105 minutes, with too much dying dead cluttering up the story. That might not seem so bad if Grinch's only was a bit more ... well, Grinchy. Character Dr. Seuss wrote and later Chuck Jones hosted a sly scream that had slick attempts to delay the holiday season being weakened by his sudden change (and exponential growth) at heart. Carrey's Grinch is a loud, hyperactive oak, and, at times, a Thug who, when making the 'Cheester's Holiday,' the town's dump the Whoville city square <br /> (hopefully scenery tasted as good as it looked). This neglects the script's attempt to make Grinch more sympathetic, and everyone who goes down to Whoville so unsympathetic (at least in this interpretation) .. Whoville's vision of Dr. The Seuss was a small town populated by popular folk who knew at heart the true meaning of Christmas. Whoville in the movie is a rather noisy and crowded place not spoiled, selfish, materialistic ninnies; An obvious attempt to comment on American consumption. This is amazing <br /> <br /> hypocrites as the film industry has benefited greatly from American consumption, and as this film contributes to it with a great merchandise <br /> <br /> campaign. The movie also increases and redefines the character of Cindy Lou Ki, a small but critical character in the original. The two-year-old uniforms that walked around on this singularly Santa is now older and wiser, constantly questioning the fake values ​​of the Whos and trying to understand Grinch's point of view (one big scene out The original is re-adopted, which makes it seem from character). It seems that the only one would ever know that Christmas is more than just gifts and decorations, so make it a completely different, and more annoying, character. <br /> <br /> People celebrating Christmas would be earlier to accept a lump of charcoal in their <br /> costume in the morning of December 25 than a copy of this overlong, overacted, excruciatingly tedious, threatening, Robotic attempts to turn the classic children into a feature film. It proves once and for all that darkness, vulgarite, manipulation, and heavy-handed are suitable substitutes for charm, wit, sincerity, and heart. The universities of Universal should come down on their collective knees and thank God that this bomb $ 123 million stink bombs $ 260 million domestically or they would not be here today. In addition he made the Mike Myers' chat in the Hat possible!
