If the musicians of Atlantis had something to say in this movie, their terms were (literally) drowned out by the emphasis on "special effects" on characterization. Almost as if they were in an attempt to "keep up" with the remaining active actions, Disney had ditched character-driven, movie-and-a-message approach in favor of a Star-Shoot "-'em-up" war with stereotyped heroes and bandits. <br /> <br /> The art is cartoony and producers think they can count on computer generated images (CGI) to fly fish-craft and submarines to fill the space. They are wrong, and the days of beautiful, craft animation is fast flying out the window in favor of the CGI assembly. <br /> <br /> This movie is full of spectacles with no heart. At times the film comes close to being a good, refreshing movie but frustratingly missing the mark for many times by jumping out to talk about something meaningful and rather choosing to go with the glitz. <br /> Another problem with the movie is the rhythm. It begins to crumble and then starts rocking along with a modern style coral story that does not appreciate. The viewer runs out of the door with Milo Thatch (voiced by Michael J. Fox) and is leaving thinking "Gee must have a very awful thing that will happen once we get to Atlantis". Unfortunately, not many are happening. The secret of Atlantis remains a secret and story-tellers are not really know how to explain the legendary / continental island. They are afraid to commit to places where Atlantis is, even in a fictional story. Is it in the Atlantic? Is it in the Mediterranean Sea? What do you know? There is nothing that hypotheses, even at a fabulous point of view. The viewer will let the theater ask themselves "Now what was all about? What was the point in the movie? Why did not the Atlantean survive to remember how to read when many of them lived in the disaster of the day "present"? And why did Atlantis shed? "and then promptly begin to forget about what they saw. There is nothing left to think about or grind on ... except the loss of money in the wallets. <br /> <br /> Characters and motivations are even inferior. From the unique zillionaire that found the expedition and seemingly more money that existed on the whole planet in 1914, the (spoiler) collective awareness that came to Kida and his deserted volunteer people! The team is an original, 2-dimensional collection of anachronistically (for 1914) P.C. race and sex. The demolition experts conversations like it came right out of a Bugs Bunny Warner Brothers' short. Most of the jokes are gross one-materio that is largely missed by the audience for two reasons: They are delivered at lightning speed-speed and usually mumbled. These guidelines support players to make a turn-around turn around the end of the movie is hard to believe. While we applaud Disney to try to create anime cinema for adult - and this is Disney's first not to have nice, talkative animals or objects - it fails to make the transition. Youngsters will be scared by some of the action scenes and must be left in the dark by the huge subtitle amount (when the Atlantean speaks characters). In the first five minutes of the expedition, about 200 people died without a second thought. Obviously Disney thinks that if you did not know who they were, then why should you care? Again, the film has no feelings on any level. <br /> Mulan and Tarzan were the latest animated film produced by Disney who did very well. Unfortunately, Atlantis harkens back to the failed attempts of the past such as the Black Boiler and the Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to get back to the roots. An end to Peter Pan will come out shortly but one never knows what results will be until you see it for yourself. And now that Disney has discovered science fiction one hopes will realize that this genre must have more than spectacles on it. We also hope the upcoming "Treasure Planet", a Sci-Fi adaptation of the Robert L. Stevenson Treasure Island, will be more heartfelt than the influential "Atlantis: The Lost Empire".
