I thought "What's New Scooby-Doo" was very bad (yes, I'm sorry to say I did not like it), since Hanna-Barbera did not produce it and took a radical step away from the end of the series old. When I heard "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get a clue" was in their job, I thought it might be better. But when I saw a pic of how Scooby and Shaggy were going to appear, I knew this show was going to be bad, if not worse. I watched a few episodes, and believe me, it's just another "Teen Titan" or "Loonatics triggers" -wunder. No more are Scooby and Shaggy going against those who carry the cold mask, creepy monsters that gowns gowns. Now they will be after a typical super-villain who wants to destroy the world. Shaggy and Scooby-Doo have become more brave, too. Also, since SHAGGI will not make a vegetarian in this series, Casey Kasem (who actually is a vegetarian), the original voice of Shaggy, NOT the voice of Shaggy. He will only voice Shaggy if he does not eat meat, and that's just a stupid venture-making change to the franchise's update, as though online jokes were not enough. So Scott Menville (who was already red Herring voice on "A pup called Scooby-Doo") Shaggy Voice here. Believe me, the voice is really BAD! She makes Shaggy's sound as a 10-year-squeezed, and I must agree the voice definitely suits her new look ugly. However, Kasem makes Shaggy's voice uncle Albert, which is a sort of good thing. Scooby-Doo, on the other hand, does not look good. It seems they were designed to look more like the CGI Scooby-Doo from these live-action films. Also, Scooby Doo Welker's voice (need to mention the dog's dog again?) Always not improved. Robot, Butler's Robotics, is practically worse than Scrappy-doo! She tries to make funny and makes "funny" impressions and gives safety tips ("Remember the kids, do not stand under trees during a thunderstorm!"), But it just does not fit into a Scooby-Doo drawing. Again, the sound effects of Hanna-Barbera are rarely used here. However, in one episode, "Lightning Strikes Twice," the thunderstorm "Thunder Thunder" used the thunder, almost a lot! (Although they still use the sound of the oppressed sounds, as well.) Scooby-Doo does not use "Thunder Thunder" sound effects since 1991. But my question is, why use "Thunder thunder" on "Shaggy and Scooby - Doo finds a sign, "while not using it on direct-to-video movies or even on" What's New Scooby-Doo! "(Two episodes of WNSD used it, and it was not enough, unfortunately.) If WNSD and DTV movies use it, then they might be better than this fun cartoon. That day shows premiere, I watched the first episode, and it was SO bad I was turning it after only five minutes! To get my mind off in this poor show, I rent "Scooby-Doo, Pirates Aoy!" which came out at the same time. And you know what? The "Pirates Ahoy" movie was actually better than "Shaggy and Scooby-Doo get a clue" (and even better than "What's New, Scooby-Doo!") And it looks like the new designs that the characters have is not permanent in the franchise. Direct-to-video films come out while this show was made using the regular character drawing, thankfully. And if you liked or hated "What's New Scooby-Doo," I do not recommend it. But if you hate the old series, then you'll love it! (O God, I hope that the old Scooby-Doo design is better than this new $ # *%!) Anyways, like WNSD, a really bad addition to the Scooby Canon.
