Scooby Doo is undoubtedly one of the most simple, successful and beloved characters in the world. So, what happened when you were everywhere and doing everything with the formula? You changed it just right? Move. You stop production and let it rest for a decade or so and then run it again, keeping the core of its success intact. That is, stick with the formula for the most part, but add your particular taste to it. This for me is why "What's New Scooby Doo" worked, they want to go back to the classic Scooby Doo formula that was only successfully resurfaced a decade earlier in "A pup named Scooby Doo", but for The most part has not been tapped since the original "Scooby Doo where you are". <br /> <br /> The first sign (me) of a weak offering is the inclusion of the character of the tilt; might have a few fond memories of past iterations but generally if you think "Scooby Doo" do not think the movie-flame, scrappy doo or scooby doo. Even worse, the exclusion of the other core members of "Mystery Inc" generally indicates a group of production people who do not understand from a child's point of view how the work shows. The basic quiz was always a group of people who were diametrically opposed to getting together with their own individual, stereotyped types to manage their superb work. This next paragraph is just my theory to skip it if you want: I hope I can explain why I think fiddling around with the basic elements of the show are prejudice and my interpretation of what the gang represents and how contribute to the whole; Fred represents the driver, I think in general it is Fred's goal to give leadership groups, organizations and sub-jobs. Fred is not a happy-go-lucky teenager, she's your boss, your teacher, your dad, your authority figure. Fred moves without hesitation and is driven by work (problems are always equitable solutions for Fred). In many ways, Fred is constrained by Shaggy. Shaggy is your best friend, that guy is just a little more scary of things than you, it allows you to be brave, not be at the back of the pack. Shaggy represents emotions and often shows emotional extremes from scary scams. Velma represents rational thinking, it applies logic but as we see time and again in the show it requires clues for the most part to be collected in pieces by other members of the show. Left on his own would Velma solve a mystery? The group often finds itself in situations where truths are not evident and only through chance to meet to realize the necessary information to complete their work, the chances are represented by Daphne. At one point (I think it's the first Scooby Doo series) it was known as "Hazard Tendency". Writers have used Daphne to highlight events associated with accident. It is often the one who finds the secret door, collection of objects or some other details that can help link links together. Finally Scooby itself represents us, the participant. It is still in the center of events, which can be all the rest of the gangs able but handicapped because it is not so many people as our TV viewer is able to really get involved. Scooby Doo works because all of these individual elements in solving problems are immediately identified and entertaining. <br /> <br /> Maybe I think things but, in my life I've seen a lot of Scooby Doo (being a 30 year old self-proclaimed nerd, it kind of rolls and the territory ). For me there is a magic and formula "Scooby Doo" the classic that should never messed with. <br /> As many have pointed out; Scooby Doo is not a great work of art nor is it completely trite, it falls into the category of programs that can be watched by young eyes and a hearty bowl of breakfast cereals. Brass on with the raw simplicity transforms it into something else, something smaller.
