First, let's get it out of the way. . . Yeah, this movie robbed a lot of 'Darkness Falls' (2003). The plot for 'Darkness Falls' goes something like this: Fairy in the teeth, a woman killing people to hide her face due to disapproval of murder who watched her from revenge. In 'Fairy of Dwarves' (2006), Fairy in Dune defines (which, yes, hides his face) unleashes her furious anger on just about anyone. A little too seems to be coincidence. But what should be asked: If you're going to directly steal the exact plot of a movie, why choose something as mediocre as 'Darkness Falls'? Make sure you have a few bucks at the box office, but that was forbidden for the fairly well-timed movie theater's deliberate experience. A low-budget, straight-to-video movie will not have the same effect. And it was not. As I watched the 15-20 minutes opening of the movie, my expectations actually got up. There seemed to be at least some value production. The story did not seem terrible, just blatantly torn off. Past the first stage, we get an okay cast of characters including an ancient and secret doctor (played by that guy who looks like a Busey) and some hot veterinarians (Jenifer from Masters at 'Masters of Horror: Jenifer') . After a few minutes, however, the film just slowly goes down the drain. It serves all the awesome fundamental clichés including, but not limited to: some crazy old men with a negligence warning, jock buffers, psychic, and the stripper and heart-to-gold. One of the biggest problems this film has had its inability to stick with a target audience. It's kind of like the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for whatever character was on screen at the moment. When the adults were on screen, he had a more mature feel. When Star (the strip) and the whatshisface (jock) were on the screen, the dialogue came down to a more stupid, imatural hero, level. When the kid was on screen, he felt like an episode of 'Are you afraid of the dark?'. . . only less scary. <br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is all over the place. Visuals vary from fairly good to boring. Writing this is subpar, as is the act for the most part. On the plus side, there are some too many gore in parts (including a fairly dry Woodchipper dry (yet painfully predictable) and a very vicious sailing scene. Also, if you are looking for a bit of the sexy stuff, there's a short topless scene (but if you want to see this topless chick, have the best movies to do this). Other than that, there is not much to worry and when it comes to this movie. Are you a big fan of 'Darkness Falls' (maybe that's?), Maybe you can check it out to see the story done in a different way ... but that's the only reason I can get to see this one. <br /> <br /> Final verdict: 3/10 -AP3-
