When I saw this movie cover, the first thing I thought he did for video. The second thing that came to mind was how looks like this look at another horrible movie "Darkness Falls", the story of this mute witch who killed the dark people. Unfortunately, Dark Falls was quite the ruler compared to this pile of waste, and this movie should not have been done. <br /> <br /> The movie starts off with a little back story for the witch, or, more like a free intuition of the two little kids who will go meet the tooth fairy in the hope that gives them a bright shine new to the teeth. The opening is filmed badly, and like the rest of the movie, it certainly is not scary. In the meantime, the film is about Peter (Lochlyn Munroe). Peter rented his home, with his ex-girlfriend Darcy (Chandra West), and her daughter, Cole, to stay there. Cole meets a neighborhood boy and speaks about the Fairy Dental, and how you should not lose your teeth, or it will come to you. Unfortunately later, it seems that the Dan Fairy steals his bike and hits his teeth out (How ironic). Can Cole survive the anger of the tooth fairy, and his mother and Peter can save him and revive their romance ... this is a bad movie, you might probably figure it out. One of the main problems with this idiocy movie is how indefinite Fairy in the teeth is. They say that it kills you if you lose your teeth but ne. It's more like a serial killer that kills at random, and if you lose your teeth, you're definitely going to go. He steals a bicycle, so apparently he's also a thief. I said earlier that the idea for this movie was based on Dark Falls, but where did the inspiration for the Dan Fairy appearance appear? Let's see. It looks like a victim is burned, and he's been around the neighborhood to kill the children. Hmmm ... it's almost as if it's an exact rip-off of Freddy Krueger from the movie "Nightmare on Elm Street". And this is not the worst part of this terrible mess, The highest score is. This movie might have the most ridiculous (Not literally mischievous because I found it more disgusting than funny) I've never seen. Do not see that. <br /> Just a little trivia. Lochlyn Munroe was in scary film, and Jianna Ballard was in scary movie 3, and both were in this, so apparently movie star stars are forced to end their career and scary movie scary. : 1/2 from ****. 80 mins. R for violence.
