Darcy and her daughter Pamela are coming from the country where her mum boyfriend leaves her doctor in the city to become a writer and fix up a bed and breakfast. Although this altar has a terrible past and Pamela learns from a girl who lives in the city that a witch is distorted once live in the home. It's called 'Fairy Dental' as it would kill the children after getting their baby teeth. This work on the altar, woke up 'Fairy tooth'. Now she has sights on Pamela and her latest baby teeth, but if anyone gets in the way they face the same fate that awaits Pamela. <br /> <br /> Old old popular coconut in this 'Fairy Fairy' t paint it in a very generous way, as you suppose when you were a kid. Not just enjoy turning happy memories of nightmares! Another that has fallen into the same category was "Dark Falls (2003)". I can not compare how similarly to the premises, because I have not seen the letter, but I mostly read them basically share the same idea. For a little straightforward in DVD movie, this DTV effort looks good and has some promising images that surround the wisp and traditionally by the book conspicuous device. Low expectations are needed, as I would not grade it as a success, but I found it to be fun entertaining. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Cory Strode and Rae Brown's Cookie Story or Background For This Fairy Fairy 'is completely done with it leaning more towards a slasher car than anything truly supernatural. Funny is a great way to describe what's going on in this story wrongly scripted, but it never really feels like a fairy tale. Dialogues may seem rather redundant and morally harmless. While the act is simply sub-par with the bold characters they have in the job, but Chuck Bowman's director offers up some unplanned blood splatter and bothersome terribly embarrassing. This kind of make up for lack of suspense, zero fear and generic tone. His direction is reasonably reliable and visually capable, where he gets some atmospheric lighting as well as his slick photo. The promising opening stage is creepily ineffective. His rally may be slowed in part and there's the odd scene and the unnecessary slow-motion set, but it never gets too stodgy and something active that made sure I was not bored. Make-up special effects provide the merchandise, as there is enough scruffiness and appearance of the tooth's fairy is especially gooey. The face of the tooth fairy can look threatening in her black dress, ebulo make-up and quick movements. When you sideways help jump out a more natural feel and can be found at atmospherically rich in its sense of ground. Children of the actors can be extremely annoying, but Nicole Muñoz was decent in his party. Lochlyn Munro and Chandra West are somewhat solid, but they can be a bit too cozive in performances like Peter and Darcey. Carrie radiantly gorgeous Carrie Anne Fleming is one of the tenants. PJ Sols are shown in small parts as a superstitious neighbor who tries to warn them about the evil that lurks at the altar. <br /> I thought it was a hiccup-time hunter with a sound concept, which just is not fleshed out enough and the execution is wonderful book. Always who watch, but at the same time very forgettable.
