I should have known when I looked at the box in the video store and saw Lisa Raye - me, in the female Ernie Hudson A.K.A. "Kiss of Death" for any * movie *. The main * guarantee * this movie will be bad (like Congo) if Hudson is in it (except in the Ghostbusters movie, which was intentionally skilled and bad). Despite my instincts, and the fact that I just saw Civil Brand, yet another Cinematic "Voyage of Strength" begins Lisa Raye, I rent it anyway. After all, I ignored my "Hudson instinct" on OZ and ended up looking at a very good set as I figured I would give this movie a chance. <br /> <br /> If you are a lover of bad movies, this is a definite to be seen! This has to be the most unimportant comic movie I've seen in a loooong time. The plot is fairly straightforward: Sister Racheal (Monica Calhoun) died by a band of brigand (led by Bobby Brown!), And, like many a movie action before, it spaghetti on his gun one LAST TIME and read promised to avenge her deaths. To do this, he reassembles the titled Gang of Roses (supposedly based on a true story of a female gang) and goes out with precise revenge and, on the road, there are some subplots or something else on some gold would be buried in the city. A good thing I'll say about this movie is that out of what I could say, the stars made their own ride and they looked at GREAT gallop. Look for when Stacy Dash's character is introduced or when Calhoun's character delivers her vest by embroidering her arms (replete with a fisted fisted cry in the sky) or Kim's characters character and character Lisa Raye or Stacy Dash's character killed or lil 'Kim characters persuaded Lisa Raye to return the gang or Asian chick or Macy Gray's character to speak the "debt pay", etc. With the exception of Rachel Calchoun and Bobby Brown's Left Left eyes, I can not even remember the names of the other characters I've laughed so hard when they were presented. <br /> <br /> If the principal went for parody and great comedy this would be a great movie. Unfortunately, it tries to take it seriously seemingly without taking the first display, sound design (in its defense, Hip-Hop is notoriously difficult to work in a piece of period), drawing, writing script or historical research period (he was me, or were these their own people and the white teeth in the old west?) seriously. Usually when I see a movie that is not so good, I ask myself "Could you do any better?" This is the first time in a long time where the answer is an incomplete "YES!"
