Why were so many crowding in an evening showing Roberto Moreira's "Contra Todos" ("Contra Todos") at the San Francisco Film Festival? "It's a hit man," my friend said. "Well ... and it's Brazilian," I added. Beautiful multi-colored people, tropical weather, lush rites, and a hip gangster scheme? Many enticements are no doubt. Someone forgot to tell us a little detail: this is a very bad movie, really awful, and as unpleasant to watch as it is wrong to do. So, how did the world do "Contra Todos" get to the judges in Berlin, Melbourne, London, Manila, Stockholm, Cairo, Chicago, much smaller local festivals, and now San Francisco ? Apparently, because of the way the promotional process and movie movie film work. <br /> <br /> First of all, she won first prize at the Rio Film Festival where she called the best Brazilian film of the year. It must have been a bad year; they had many, better men. And snappy synopses in more catalogs bring buzz fantasy into crowded auditoriums and - since the film is not the chin regardless and therefore avoids close investigation by critics - it keeps going to the judges. <br /> <br /> Festival blurbs that aim at promoting sometimes tasted it up significantly. A Chicago festival called "Contra Todos" a "speed cock shot shot right from Brazil" and referred to Claudia's companion as "The Quake-like neighborhood stud." Soninha is "Teodoro's NAME-like teen daughter aged in developing sexuality." The film is "the injection and emergency of a camera often but kept" with the director "working up a genuine and evident sense of frustration from desperate domestic and decrepit." The effect is "unbearably raw and honest," and the film hurtles "toward a conclusion as dead-ended as the lives of exhibitions." It is not best to write, but it ensures that pumping up the excitement for a certain type of potential viewer. <br /> <br /> "Contra Todos" anxiety strikes a man hit, two people actually hit, with a wife and daughter and a born-again Christian girlfriend. It's injected - in extremely digital video images that has no talent behind the camera-work - especially in a poorly-poor neighborhood rather than in one of the "favelas" brunks or towns like the city's slum where films such as beautiful Things like "Black Orpheus", "Pixote," and "City of God" were made, and not in Rio this time, but Sao Paulo. People affected by family problems are Teodoro (Giulio Lopez) and his partner and a drug problem is Waldomiro (Aultan Graça). Both actors have a little TV experience as the actress who plays Teodoro's sluttish wife Cláudia wife (Leona Cavalli) and Silvia Lorenço who plays his pouting, ready-to-revolt daughter Soninha. These actors can do it in the corners back to a few telenovelas. What do you know? - In a better guided movie they might be good. In addition, some young men are found bumped off by Teordoro or, when it's busy, gang of thugs. Principals do not work very much, even if the camera is managing the pores. A couple of observers, one in Berlin's Berlin and one in London, saw the weaknesses of these films, but you buried them on their web site. Henry Sheehan noted in Berlin that the "film" (quoted him) was "the worst of the video work" to show. "The movieman seems to have chosen videos simply because it was a cheap alternative movie," Sheehan wrote, "and he did not make any creative use of the new medium" - nor, he adds, does everything else creative . /> <br /> Sheehan has pronounced the first big movie error: it "starts off as a domestic drama assumes ratchet up when, half an hour in action, Moreira reveals that the father and one of his friends hit professional male ... Waiting for the thirty minutes to add nothing to the movie; it seems like a perfectly arbitrary decision and it is, at least in many, a waste of time. But ratcheting up is all Moreira ever made, like a The kid has gotten a tool kit for his birthday, and goes around to hit everything in the eye without rhyme, reason or skill. "Develop, but true. <br /> <br /> Writing on the London 2004 Festival for Kamera.com, Metin Alsanjak tried to look at the positive side but however gave away the lack of features of the ax to call their performance "easy film at best features." , very easy, provided that everything else is so bad. Alsanjak admits that "this low-budget, violent and fake account of the villain in Sao Paulo is devoid of any characteristic, and as a result, in hope. Too black and cynically to be an account of the human condition, The movie does not help in poor subtitling ... "When King joins Todos in" Dogme "and Mike Leigh did not help matters. <br /> Apart from that nonsense first half hour in which there is nothing to smack the boredom in waiting for the first acts of violence - which, when they come, are just "striking everything in sight without rhyme , reason or skill "- Moreira Malin tries to deliver his final abruption by adding what appears to be outtakes right after her, followed by an ironic scene implausible to conclude where one of the characters gets married. No doubt that the director wanted to show "the banality of evil" to those who hit low levels of worker work, but he can not make the characters, which he sees generic, come alive for us. And the film structure shows that it also can not edit its materials. <br /> (See the San Francisco International Film Festival on April 28, 2005.)
