Why would anyone want to see this? If this was a movie posted on YouTube by a teenager, I might have applauded the teen to do many with her mother's video camera. I could also congratulate her family and friends about doing a good job acting. Unfortunately, it was made by a very experienced movie maker and what they were, apparently, professional actors - doing this a very, very sad movie. Sad ... and very pathetic, actually. As I said, she has a definite directing of watching videos on her. He also has narration and acting that just shouts "amateur" - how can this be? The film is filled with lots of corpse and blood. Normally this would turn me completely, as I hate ultra-violent movie and do not like to see all that Gore. However, given that none of it is that realistic, it's bearable. However, I should warn you that there are a few scenes that are still very disturbing. For example, the scene and the kid sent a radio to a woman's bath and watching her naked and fry is very bad. There are also scenes where you can hear the thoughts of psychos as they fantasize about killing women. With a level of misogyny that is very terrible. The people who wrote this are very ill-like women are meant to be for our entertainment. <br /> After a bunch of hunger kills, the movie goes to a dining room table - around which is a bunch of balls balls that put black nuts in the eye! They talk, proudly, about all the killings they have committed and sing. It's all pretty funny, though I'm not sure that's the purpose of the scene. Then the film talks about various sex crimes and killings and even vampires and cannibals. Why, I do not know - maybe because they made that person on this type of crap. And, once again, you see and hear thoughts and actions of a creepy German guy as he runs down man and kill them. By the way, considering the movie using what I must assume to professional actors, I asked why so many people were chosen to be Germany. While trying to act as Americans and the movie were supposed to be in California, their accents are STRONG. Maybe German audiences have watched this and wondered at how the "realist" act was, but in any of Americans it's obvious these folks are not their fellow Americans! Considering that there really was a zodiac killer (which has never been captured), I wonder why anyone wants to be a "film fan" of type for the sick threat? I mean ... was this movie meant as a muffe movie for pervers? I just can not see anyone else want to see this or enjoy it. In fact, I wonder what would motivate anyone to make such a stupid and offensive movie? Worthless and worthy to be listed in the IMDb below 100.
