Well, as Goethe once said, there really is not any point in trying to pass a negative judgment that expects to be objective about "something that has a great effect". "La Maman et La Putain" surely happened in history as a great influence on what has been happening in France and elsewhere in the past thirty years and no one is interested in the history of films, certainly, they would must be disuaded from viewing it. To express a purely subjective judgment, however, I feel compelled to agree with almost every other review posted here and telling people: "Do not look at it; it's a waste of hours in your time that will just let you feel rather ill and angry. "And by that I do not mean" sick and angry "about the" human condition "or anything so general and profound as that, because it is exactly the most crucial line to adopt in praise of the designer of the movie - "a turbulent look at her unconscious discretion in our emotional and cruel funding" and so on - and, if it really managed to put through a universal or even broadly important message in this sort, then the director there would be good reason to be satisfied with himself, however his pessimistic conclusion can be. My cattle and the movie is rather that I do not see this hour-long record of worthless empty and insidious records being justified or excused by any GENERALLY message that is important at all. All three main characters are profoundly morally unattractive people: Alexandre's greatest degree, of course, because we see by far most of him, and because he rarely shuts up for more than thirty seconds; Marie maybe at least degrees, because we see the least of her. Monologue affects and Alexandre's firefighters have a kind of entertainment value, but, but the entertainment is as thin as one gets more and more clear to realize that Jean-Pierre Léaud is more likely to not even act, and absurd remarks like " un homme Beau as a film of Nicholas Ray ", he really just mimic the word-for-word opinion that was accepted as authentic and profound by the midfielder in which he, along with the director Eustache, lived for about ten years by the time to do in the movie. I suppose if the tone of merciless and triviality superficiality was sustained in all 100% of the film, it might have been working as a long sardonic comedy on a particularly deep, worthless and post-'68th jumble. What made, however, this viewer at least very upset and the director gave it to at least a long stage each Alexandre and Veronika in which we are clearly expected to empathize and feel for them as to share a moral universe with us. If anyone can get away with living in the flat and professionally loves a woman, sleeping (especially in this very flat) and another, and running around Paris proposes marriage again a third, well, I suppose I can wish Her best of luck in the dog-eat-dog world she chose to create for herself. What I can not, however, in all awareness hears even for a moment maudlin monologue in his hand in which he speaks about his "anxiety" and "despair". The same goes double for Veronika's even more jerk, to whom we show bargain drunk in the apartment and even the bed does not share with Marie and Alexandre and behaves with an infantile tantamount incident of the most wild and tender cruelty. As I say, if "La Maman and La Putain" are intended nothing more than a portrait of Alexandre, Veronika and Marie, three people who are even half decent people would never admit to companies leaving home alone then I think there is a kind of legitimacy of praising the director for being "unflinching" (even though one should even feel like "flinching" once one had a keen awareness to create these characters well repellent physically observed I can not imagine). The problem, however, is that the director is convinced clearly - and appears to have succeeded in convincing generations of critics - that Alexander, Veronika and Marie are somehow representative of human beings in general and within the boundaries of human beings emotions . This idea, however, is nonsense and offensive. There may be an inherent unreality and tragedy trends in human relationships in general and sexual relationships in particular. But the nature and degree of this factor and trend in tragedy can only be determined by those who make a sincere and serious effort to make relationships such as work. It surely needs no cinematic genius or authority to transmit us information that a man behaves like Alexandre who will end up hatred, miserable, and alone, or that women who insist on waiting for love from someone like Alexandre are going to End up shame and bitter. See "La Maman et La Putain" if you are historically interested in what happened to the culture and human interaction of a certain post-'68-thousand-year-old Parishioners who, unfortunately, did not limit just a few particularly anti-social qualities like that them. But please do not make the mistake of believing that what is being recorded here has a general sense of humankind in the way that a film by Jean Renoir or Martin Scorsese might argue.
