This is the easiest movie I've ever seen. I'm not exaggerated, I told the guy in the Blockbuster that they should take it to the shelves. The only interesting thing about this movie is the box. On the box saying "from the director of the plagiarism" so I figured out ... Eh regardless, if this was done lately I'm sure the directing at least will not be too bad: - \, but after I saw the movie and watch what "boogie" was talking about, it's some nonsense since the early 1980s that he did. Great way to code from unsuspecting viewers. <br /> <br /> ANYWAY, I think they just loved the name "Zodiac Killer", and do not bother to search any of the current zodiac crimes or his MO, or even the years that he active. All the crimes talk about nothing to do with the zodiac and the "stories" on the original zodiac take place several years after the actual zodiac crimes have been made. They also compare the Zodiac to the "Vampire in Düsseldorf" Fritz Haarman throughout the film and speak to Fritz's "son" very often. The zodiac and Haarman did not even do anything, and it made more sense to compare it to BTK who also shot people, not a man who killed people by churning their neck. None of the Haarman facts are correct either, just a bunch of nonsense smiles. Her son even said "remember, his name was Fritz Haarman and 2T's" ... Its current name just got one! I think the writer / director simply typed into a Google search for serial killer and the fastest ones that came to being the killer Zodiac and Fritz Haarman. "Oh, these sounds like cool names, let's make a movie about them without doing any research out! Great idea!" <br /> <br /> Maybe my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way that the experts as well as the bloodthirsty youth described the suffering of DSM-IV and getting healed in it. "I have also been diagnosed with DSM-IV and have since recovered", etc. For those of you who do not know, DSM-IV is the psychological manual for mental illness. If anyone suffers from the book itself then must have some SERIOUS issues! Haha. <br /> Anyway, my point is that this goes on the bottom of my mind 5 worst movies in all the time, and it's rare that a movie ever reaches that point. But if you are interested in watching a totally non-reality story-based assassination story that's happening there is nothing more than boring, full of inexperienced actors, and not completely rational, I'd say check out movie that. <br /> ... Oh, and I loved how the killer "tear gas" a few of his victims and dry ice. Nice touch ...
