In Cold Blood was one of several 60s film that created a new vision of violence in the Hollywood movie industry. Capote devised the phrase "novel of nonfiction" to describe the book on which this film was based, and this form of spirit was carried on in the script movie, which it co-wrote. Despite the fact that we were well in the era of color film, Richard Brooks eli presented this film in black and white underlining both the stress of the landscape and the weakness of the story. This is the first issue and the television remake - color changes the tone of the story. In addition, the imprisonment of shooting a movie for television makes reducing the options of how the shots are framed and focused. As a result, we lose the dramatic conflict that makes the second part of the original film (police interrogation, trial, imprisonment, and execution) for clostrophobia. On the small screen, it's just another version of Law and Order Turn-offs. <br /> <br /> Hollywood's search for scripts continuously takes it back to movies that have succeeded in another age. Generally this is a mistake, and this is no exception. All actors are competent. The script is OK. The direction is not found in the way. It's just that the movie does not work as well as the original precision instrument. He does not hook the viewer in ambivalent direction Smith and Hickock that the original movie provokes. At the end of the TV version, we left with the feeling: "Ho hum, who cares?" <br /> Look at the original original, on as large a screen as you can, then watch the TV version simply understand why the first one was such an important movie in 1967. <br /> Pa would also hurt to go online and read a bit about Capote and the original book. It will help you understand the extraordinary effort it has put in the material, and also some of the conflicts surrounding both the book and the movie. <br /> I actually only gave this a 4 because I saved below 3 rankings for true bombs - the kind of rabid you about being aspired to spending a
