Straight to the point: "The Groove Tube" is one of the most unfunny films, unclever and outright terrible ever. This "comedy" is so canceled of anything remotely resembling a trace of understanding that it's almost incomprehensible that he even did. I said almost because there are fans of everything after all. <br /> This movie is not the same "bad" bad or "enjoyable" bad. To put this film at the same level of entertainment as "Plan 9" or "Robot Monster" would be a crime in these films. Movies like that you can actually look and get a kick from. But this movie is SO bad, so poorly done, acting with scripted and so incredible serenity, that there is just not even a track in "camp" or "schlock" found. This was done before Saturday Night Live premiered, the comparison was probably inevitable. I'm not a big fan of SNL, but this movie gets worse than the worst SNL ski you can get. And people, this BAD. Just keeping the viewers out of left, Shapiro throws a pair of breasts every so often, but wrong-filmed breasts from 1974 will not motivate anyone these days. Truthfully this movie is so badly done and is such a sleep-induced breakthrough, I doubt if anyone excited in 1974 either. A man named Ken Shapiro made this movie. I swear to God, any ten years old and a video camera could do something funnier and more intelligent. It's just downright real - this is really an incredible movie. "Jokes" and "gags" are so infantile that even little boys who love sneaking porn magic Papa's from night will not laugh. <br /> I'm going to give this movie one thing - the very latest sequence, "Dancing Man" sequence, where a guy (Shapiro) on the streets of NYC dance in a tune, is the easiest thing in horrible movie that. Not that the sequence of "dancing people" is that big night - it definitely has its moments not being smart as Shapiro desperately trying to fill in the time for the whole song - but it actually was a bit to look. This part of the sequence where the cop starts dancing and the man is one of the smartest track in the entire movie. No wonder Shapiro puts this last sequence - again, while not so great itself, it's easy to beat anything else in this movie. in how a true human can be so outright smart. The name of this film would be "Ken Shapiro's Craparama." It's amazing that this was done, but many really talented cinema can not be found in. However, I'll say that I bet the geniuses in NYU would like this movie. Total amount of waste.
