The first, I would like to point out that the reason I gave this movie 1 star from 10 is because there is no option to give it NO STAR! it really is that bad! I never wanted to see this film after I saw the ads for it, I ended up seeing it only by chance because some of my friends had tickets and there was only one reserve to get together. Before seeing it I had a fairly good idea that it would not have the genius - the premise seemed too funny and stupid for anything good from it, but in the back of my mind I thought "but there must be something good about it for Uma Thurman and Luke Wilson to make in the movie ... "Not that I think either of them is particularly terrific but they are big-named stars that would normally only make movies that would improve their reputation. However, about 10-20 minutes of the feature I realized that the movie was probably worse than I was initially anticipated. I was shocked by how awful the script was. It really gave the actors not to work with them, so what they really looked like they did not know what they did (especially Luke Wilson). The story was completely predictable - if you saw the announcement then you were pretty much watching the movie! And there was nothing original about it - he very much borrowed from each 'super-hero' story that ever was that would be acceptable the movie has been set up as a satire in this genre, but Aywa it did not. The direction seemed to be realism. I got to feel that the director wanted the movie to feel completely realistic and not saturated at all, and yet there were some moments in the movie that was so unbelievably unrealistic that he'd worked if he was a satire. In one moment in the movie two of the characters seem to die and one of the surviving characters has a line like "Oh well, he died ... time to move on" and said it to those flying a role that it completely didn 'make no sense. I found myself checking my look after about 40 minutes to see how much longer I would have to sit in it. Then he hit me ... I started thinking "I wonder if the studio made this picture as a test to see if they can make the worst movie ever made, and still pull a hearing great ... "I could not think of any other reason that this movie should do. For movies to be done these days, the script goes to a massive screening and very very scripts process to actually make it to the production stage ... I can not understand how this one got the first draft step ... end, and many, mute-foundation-Ly stupid climates, I laughed happy - just not in what movie-makers wanted me to laugh at, but instead of how ridiculous and stupid the movie was. Thank God I did not have to pay the money to see it ... because that would have really annoyed me !!! Oh, and I might just add, those of the two Wilson brothers, I've always preferred Luke because I think it's a better, active yet versatile ... but if he wants to step even further in shadow THE OWN then is exactly the way to do it ... I doubt that it will get many more jobs offered after this crazy waste within 2 hours !!! and remember, it only got a generous 1/10 because I could not pick 0!
