It's easy to see how this under-average scenario was received by the early-sale galleries of Regency Films (and later with Fox): Cross the genre of superhero and a funny take on "Fatal attraction" ... there is no! I do not know how a talented director like Ivan Reitman was involved, unless the pay was just too tempting. A sustainable employee of an architectural design company of N.Y.C. Meet a girl on the train and ask her out; Despite the fact that she's distracted and unpleasant, she eventually gets her into the bed - only to find out later her in the Big Apple's superhero, G-girl. This superman superman, with power being given over by a meteorite fall, is not a fantasy heroine, however ... Senator Don Payne was conceived as a person in need, posing, bang retaliation (read this telegraphs we come from miles away, though Uma Thurman still plays the role of sasuke laughing). This is the kind of movie worthless that can not let a slip suffer from. Our introductory introduction to Luke Wilson, talking to Rainn Wilson on the train, is accompanied by a digging back to gays (it's prods in us to make sure that these two copies are men but are banned). After being approached by the G-girl's nemesis, who wants to be her power, Wilson said this will make her just an ordinary woman despise ... and is not that better after all? Thurman's first performance in films such as "Henry & June" and "Jennifer 8" featuring a smart woman with angular favor and hypnotic poise; His film and Quentin Tarantino helped exhibit his sinewy diner and intensity, but that came at a price (the actress was seemingly losing his touch). The photo is very well-produced and injection, and expensive-like special effects, but nobody bothers to get the humor in this scenario. It's pushing, leering, ugly, and wrong-cast. Bloated, frozen-facing Wilson can not tell any of his co-workers that he was dating G-girl because he made it swear he would rather have a chainsaw stuck up his rectum. I wonder if Payne writers actually thought that was hilarious ... or, indeed, if anyone involved did? * from ****
