How exactly is a good movie going bad? When a movie goes to "mountable" to the "where & ^ @ _ + #! * OFF switch"? Thanks to DVD, like this one, which can be borrowed from the library - for free! Likewise, thanks to the "fast forward" switch on the DVD player. I feel sorry for those who have been thrown into the box office. At one point (I've forgotten exactly when now it's all just a blur), "our hero," Luke Wilson starts running through traffic; I think he was looking for a taxi. It was at that point when I was giving, to realize I was not able to handle if he had to get his ride or was running off by a garbage truck. The last time the movie was interesting was when Wilson Wilson boarded out of the dump, dried hair in hand, and first met the "heroine," Uma Thurman. This scene ended with purse-cricket criminal hanging promptly from the fiery escape, far above the Luke left with Uma. What was the last movie was funny, and then was the scene? Ten minutes from the flick? <br /> <br /> Each time the film tried to become "funny," he could not. Each time the film approaches "excitement," it fizzled out, heading in the opposite direction. When a music note might help squeeze life out of this matter, the sound track remains empty and silent. The sex scenes did not need and were beyond lame; Damage to sleep and unnecessary accessories with childbirth. When Uma turned into her ex-girlfriend's unexploded, I felt like I was watching "40's Ancient Virgin Old Pulp Fiction"; that's when I realized that there was no turning back because I thoroughly ate the "40 Years Old Virgin" and "Fiction Quit." <br /> <br /> Luke Wilson, Rainn Wilson (also seen in the poem "The Last Mimzy") adds nothing but insulting accident in this horrible movie. Rainin Wilson, the King of TV boredom, should remain with the same awful medium. Hey, Rainn Wilson! Leave full-motion picture motion alone! Whenever Uma's rivals, Anna Faris, came on the screen, I was expecting Jason or Freddy or some monster cops to fly from behind the scenery; Once you see Anna Faris in "scary movie," that's all you've ever seen, no matter the movie, no matter the middle. Characters played by Wanda Sykes were just plain terrain and was so out of place in this flick of films.
