Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) thinks she has found the perfect woman in Jenny Johnson (Uma Thurman), which looks like a quiet but handsome woman, though she soon learns that she needs and poses, oh, and she's Also the superhero G-girl, though you would not know it from things he does Matt after he freaks out and breaks up with him. <br /> <br /> A promising award is lost by a mediocre execution. My super-ex girlfriend is still an enjoyable comedy but it relies too much on cheap sex jokes and ends up being a forgettable experience. What went wrong? The cast and the director could not overcome the weakness of the script and I did not like the way they played it out. I was hoping the guy to be a jerk and could be a fabulous movie shot movie. However, the guy was likable and they made the superhero a psycho. She just was not very cool and after about forty minutes, the movie was put out of her welcome. Sure, there was a few funny lines however the endless middle and horrible end kept it from really breaking out. Director Ivan Reitman has lost his touch. After a successful run of the eighties and nineties early, he started crap like Evolution and Father's Day. I would not tell my super ex-girlfriend is a complete bust but I do not give him credit for any of the movie quality to keep, which is not too much. Don Payne has done a terrible job with the scenario. The majority of jokes were lame and most of the supported characters were just one-note. He also has repeatedly reusing a lot of jokes to even make the stuff really tedious at times. A few of the actors were good enough to save the movie. Uma Thurman was great as G-girl and he had lots of funny lines. Luke Wilson was a little talk and not very interesting. I do not think it's done for a leading man and it's best to support such roles in the Family Stone. Anna Faris just did her routine "Scary movie" and she's getting a little old. It needs a challenge or at least some best scripts. Wanda Sykes is either hit or miss for me. He was great in mon-in-law and was bad at Klerks 2. Here, he's just annoying and does not bring anything into the movie. Eddie Izzard was fine, nothing special. Rainn Wilson was just annoying and not funny. In general, I was disappointed with the movie. It was not terrible yet it had a lot of potential and the final result was just for the average. Rating 5/10
