SEVEN POUNDS: EMOTIONALLY FLAT, ILLOGICAL, MORALLY DISTURBING The film was distributed in Italy as "seven souls". I was curious about the original title, and, after some research, I found that it refers to Merchant Shakespeare's in Venice, where Shylock's welcome makes a terrible bond with Antonio's traders, who will have to give him a " book "in his body, in case he can not repay his debt. While the Italian translation makes Ben's plan something deeply human, characterized by human humility, the original one, though cultivated enough to remain without anyone, doing it, just in its reference to the body, something cold, rational, deep roots in the physical side of humans. Unfortunately, I think the real quality of Ben's plans is revealed by the original title: it's a cool machine, aimed at "giving" parts to his body, but missing any native empathy, at least the audience Do not give the chance to see or see any more soul relationships in the entire movie. The only exception is the love story and the girl, which seems to be a sort of uncharged incident, which Ben produces, but is incapable of transmitting true emotional involvement. I really did not like the idea of ​​the film in the movie: the idea that someone, however burning in the pain for the death of his beloved, it's others he himself caused, the decision The decision to expedite its sense of guilt in suicide: without incredible, it makes no sense. I would like, and I think it would be more positive if, in the end, Ben has decided to abandon the idea of ​​suicide and go on living, thus helping these same people, and perhaps much more, just standing near them , and helping them through his presence. He would not have saved the lives of miracles, of course: this would probably cause more suffering, but I think he could have been more constructive from one person, and moral point of view. There are many logical and disturbing things: the initial reference to the creation of God in seven days (which, by the way, according to the Bible, is six!): What does that mean? And what about a woman suffering from heart disease that prevent her from running and even out of song without feeling bad, who can have normal sex with a man who, feeling, as it should, does not kill in his wife and gave the organs and pieces of his body, does not seem to feel so tried, both emotionally and physically, from his condition? The movie is saved by good act, but the rest is nonsense, not only from a logical point of view, but also from one person and emotional one.
