I guess I'm late in the party. I've just seen this 1995 version of Bye Bye Birdy on Sky TV. I did not know he existed and was fully prepared to see the 1963 movie version when I turned it on. <br /> I played Albert a long time ago and I think of putting on an amateur production at the show because I remembered it as they were so much fun to do. I was not impressed with this newer version. It just was not fun fun. It was not colorful. He missed the youth glamor. The lighting was bad. No one seemed to mention this fact. This is not a moody music, it is bright and up beat. The lighting decision was a poor creative choice. <br /> <br /> Bye Birdy Bye is a farce, a comedy of error. I have no sense of this in this version. The lighting was terrible and the performance was canceled in general. The dance numbers seemed anemic as well. We make these music videos these days. At least dense numbers should measure up to some of the best of these, or how about some of the best in Broadway. The choreographer was sleeping at the wheel he seemed. Even though all the actors were very talented, some choices were really bad. Vanessa Williams is not Latin, with many Latin talent performers out there, would not have been more incorrect to throw one of them into the role of Rosie. Vanessa is African American, handsome and talented, but bad casting. Jason Alexander's efforts were surprising, he always did smart work, but he did not just Albert. It was ill and I think it is obvious to most people who see this version. The medium of film is by the way through stage. There need to be translation from one medium to another. The exercise and flash of music stages must be transferred to film. There is no merit being loyal to a stage when he filmed. The spirit, the sense of production must be performed. For my film production in 1963 in Bye Bye Birdy was bright and lively, while the 1995 production was as gloomy as the lighting and as substandard as the dance numbers. It turned out to be an unfortunate trash in many people's talent efforts.
