Wars, Inc. - Corporations take over future warfare and use a Kayaker Kay Kayaker killer (John Cusack) to perform wet jobs against its rival CEOs. A dark comedy comedy military and corporations are similar. It was often difficult to figure out what exactly was going on. I was waiting for things to make sense. There is no reason or Madness method. <br /> It is considered Cusack to be the "spiritual successor" of Grosse Point Blank. I.E., war is more or less a hit-off. We again see Cusack as a shield to protect * shakers * whom he was supposed to kill as he attacked his conscience. To be fair, John Cusack seems kind credible to take out half a dozen gentlemen and relative facilities. The rods look good. The rest of the movie does not. It's all original often bordering on bizarre. The Inc's warrior is not comical enough to be a parody, and too dynamic for anyone even to think about regardless of whether the movie's message might be, which I suppose could be the heartbreaking way that corporations, such as fighting war competition and scheme without a The drop in consideration gives way to affecting average citizens. Interestingly, but the satire just does not work because it's not funny and in the heart it does not have any heart. We are supposed to give a damn on how the war affected Cusack's shell in a character rather than millions of lives worn apart by war. <br /> <br /> John Cusack gives a decent performance. Character characters are vaccines in hot sauces and aircraft are less private, but the curious mean that they replace characteristics of character. Marisa Tomei is slumming as a romantic sidekick journalist. There really is not a lot of chemistry between them. Hilary Duff tries to accelerate Russia and does not make a fool for himself. Joan Cusack just screams with jokes and wigs out. Sheet. Ben Kingsley might return the Oscar if he does not start doling out a decent performance now and again. Pathetic. <br /> It's not a terrible movie, but in the end you have to ask "War, what is it good for?" Absolutely nothing. C-
