Well, it's Robin Hood as 'geezer' all right ... just as advertised! That did not sound very hopeless, and alas, it was worse than I would suspect. <br /> <br /> A Robin Ladd I can take; a Robin who is bound to a daughter is a pertinent I can credit; but a robin that's not very comical full-fledged hackman and it's harder to swallow, with a Robin and all cast * * that seem to have difficulty managing their line is the kiss of bankruptcy. How could someone let delivery work without re-shooting scenes? Again and again, many sounds as if he was fighting with half-compared Shakespeare rather than leaving loose with a sale quitte; I was hoping at the start that it was just a very comedy faked in a character clearly destined for the role of sidekick comedy, but then he began to spread throughout the rest of the cast. <br /> Whatever else you say about Errol Flynn in the role, he had the spell of delivering high-fly dialog as naturally as if he would just have thought it up on the SPUR at the moment ... As this show shows, this is not at all easy as it sounds! If they were to throw their characters as cheeky chappies, the actors in question should have been given the appropriate lines: they sound as though they do not have a sign of how to handle them. <br /> I'm afraid I did not even like the Sheriff mimic, for a similar reason; The lines clearly do not intend to take seriously but deliver (and in this case write) with a tingling and a wink to the audience. They're out of place all right - fourth-wall-bustin stuff - but really not that funny. This much-promised production reminds me of a Bingo school play. The only actor and my character felt any appreciation for all of Guy's one play in Gisbourne, who was the only salt that appeared to have any handles on (a) credible villainy and (b) credible characterization Frankly, I would not have said it was a very good augury for the future of the series! By the time of writing, I will give it another shot in hoping that things can be improved with beds a bit next week, with less scenes-setting settings and maybe the more actors to facilitate the dialogue: after all, The opening episode of "Doctor Who" was not exactly a show-cap, though it was nowhere near as bad as this. But if I do not see any improvements after Episode 2, I'm scared the series has certainly lost one viewer. <br /> <br /> What would be a pity, because I had a soft spot for legendary "Robin Hood" on the screen, from the adventures of Douglas Fairbanks to the solid reliance of Richard Greene. But this Robin failed to break my blood in the slightest.
