Includes crowds. <br /> <br /> British director J. Lee Thompson has made some excellent films, notably 'cool ice at Alex' and 'Cape Fear' but 'Country Dance' is one of his more curious offerings. The story is placed among the upper classes in the rural Scotland, and details the unusual triangular relationship between Sir Charles Ferguson, a unique master aristocrat, his sister Hilary, and alyene Douglas Douglas, who is hoping for a reconciliation with him. We learn that during his career as a Army officer, Charles was considered to have 'low moral fiber'. This seems to have been an accurate diagnosis of its condition; Throughout her film she exhibits a mood of gloomy disillusionment with the world, and her main source of emotional support seems to be Hilary and her whiskey bottle. The film ends with his Committal in a classroom upper class. Peter O'Toole was, when he was at her best as the 'Lawrence of Arabia', one of Britain's leading actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and 'Country Dance' is not one of the films his best. He overacts frankly, making Charles a caricature of the useless arbitrary useless, as if he was auditioning for a part of the Monty Python 'Upper-class Twit of the Year' draw. Susannah York as Hilary and Michael Craig as Douglas are better, but there are no outstanding performances acting in the movie. There is also little in the way of coherent plot, beyond the story of Charles's inexorable slip. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the movie, however, is neither acting nor the plot, but rather that of the Theme that does not give its name. There are half-hearted topics in an incestuous relationship between Charles and Hilary, or at least an incestuous attraction towards her on her part, and that her influenza in Douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. Unfortunately, even in sixty sixties and sixties early (the date of films is divorced as either 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the British Board of Censors Film wanted to allow, with a film explicitly insistuous definitely off-limits. (The American title for the movie was 'Fraternal Love', but this was not used in Britain; it was too suggestive for BBFC's sympathy?) These suggestions are therefore never developed and we never get to see which motivated Charles or caused his moral collapse, causing a hollow film and a hole in its center. 4/10
