If you rent a movie titled "Exterminators of the year 3000," the odds are good you know what you're getting yourself into. I also sold the promising outlets of "Nuke Nuke," "Motor-Psycho," and of course the "exterminators" themselves that, according to the back of the movie-maker case, are all cavorting around a post-apocalyptic bearing deserts wreaking all kinds of destruction. Let wacky hijinks and buffoonery low budget apart - at least, as they expected me for this "movie." <br /> Now I like the occasional horrible movie, and if you're reading the reviews on the exterminator of the year 3000, you probably do too. That being said, I rated this movie a solid "1 (terrible)" - not because I completely hated the movie, but because it is one of the most legitimate efforts of the movie I've ever seen. The dialogue, acting, cinematography, sound correction, the overall correction, the plot, etc., etc., etc. - all are worthy of what to expect to be expected expectant low expectant titles. > <br /> So what is really "good" about this movie? He has several of my circles affectionately terming "quality killings." A sleek quality, for those few of you familiar with the phrase, is not a hard and fast term, but generally refers to a person who has died in a particularly horrible, creative, or ridiculous fashion. In the 3000's also had a fair reserve of "dialogue-it-bad-it-gets-comic," given in large part by Crazy Bull, the leader just titled in the gang-psychic gang gang - who which incidentally also provides most of the kill quality (if you expect for great things from the nuke mutants, think again, to play essentially zero part of the movie ... shucks!). Crazy bull, however, is all you could ask for in a b-movie-psycho engine. Shakespearean paraphernalia and unusual PG-style insults them all to know how to say ... and that's terrific. Despite its quality killings and bad dialogue, however, if you're looking for a really fun movie movie, exterminator of the 3000's disappointed a bit of that and its plot is limited to things like funny and outdated effects , quality of death, and bad dialogue, there is simply not enough to justify a full-length characteristic, which occurs primarily in forty minutes or so in which the audience is forced to follow the characters of protracted and boring "chases" and long sequence of desert trekking ... All in all, a very good movie terrible, but hey, it's no race 2000 deaths.
