The first issue apparent on this movie being titled is its filing. Ann Nelson plays the grandma here. Three years later, he would star in "plane!" as the woman hanging herself while listening to Robert Hays Pine for Julie Hagerty. I could not get this image out of my head. Matt Boston is a fifteen year old and problemy. He has headaches. Her mother had a nervous breakdown. His grandfather had a massive heart attack. A smoking psychiatrist chains decided to know what the devil will be about this family. First it hypnotizes Grandma Nelson. Nelson tells a story of flashback that filters all the first half of the movie. He and Grandpa bought a RV, cheap, and drove it to all the tourist traps in California desert. The RV will soon have an idea of ​​its own, go on the road with these. Then, huge boulders start hurling themselves into it. The elderly couple are inappropriate, but stay in the vehicle in order to move the plot together. Eventually, dad has a heart attack after being blocked on the RV roof when he goes for another unexplored ride. Boston's mother starts talking with some Indian Mummies she's lying in the house. He presents himself an author, and makes a full score on the bee corpses. The psychiatric reads the detailed scores, and uses imagination to fill in the empty spaces. We see the mother semi-flip out, but her mental breakdown reaches screens, much like heart attack gramps. <br /> <br /> Finally, patient's resistance, little Matt. Matt goes under the hypnosis gun and tells his own story. He thinks mom is presence (this was done in 1977). Apparently, Moms will make Astral bodies American Indian mummies from flying in the air. A Matt hit as a bee hitting a fast car, and Matt starts acting crazy. The psychiatrist took Grandma and Matt into the desert. Matt is inexplicable in a current wheelchair, with the trio confronting forces unseen (and unreasonably). Flocker has no sense of construction scene. A pro here involves the RV trapped in a single flat in the desert. In the distance, the couple notices some boulders rolling toward the RV. This is a nice little scrambling scene that is eventually overplayed. As the rocks start hurling themselves toward the vehicle, the special effects become obvious. Scenes where the RV runs on the highway, then back on again, takes forever. The scenes where Grandpa is trapped on the RV roof as it carries down a dirt road taken forever. Mother's conversation with the mummy takes forever. Matt from body experience takes forever. This movie takes forever. <br /> I was tempted to hit the button fast for a dozen times. As the scene dragged, it was obvious Flocker was padding. Cut the fat here, and this would have the clock in an hour. The final "explanation," which Mummy spirits tried to kill people close to Matt never caught water. Did they live the RV? The film maker never brings up the fact that the demons are not good in the way they kill, they never kill anyone! <br /> As I kept thinking of Nelson's "Airplane!" I thought both of other movies. Anything keeps me from falling asleep during this one. Boston is awesome like the kid, playing a fifteen old years as a cute ten years old who has a clever smart line for all those who fall over their love for themselves. <br /> <br /> In the end, Flocker wrote and led a mess. The title is only the beginning of this exercise in making the hearing feel sick at ease. This is not scary, and like the ghosts, you can also walk ... away from this tape in the video store. This is unrated, and it has some physical violence and serious trumpet.
