Jeffrey Combs is a crazy scientist who has researched stem cells morphed into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid shark friendly humanoid shark shape, hoping to breed a brand new species using the matrix Hunter Tylo. It will not be easy for Tylo is a great and great companion, William Forsythe, is not about to give him up without a fight. <br /> You see Tylo and Forsythe are two of Arthur Roberts's executive businesses, the brilliant spirits who meet Combs (a scientist who once worked for Roberts and has left his post to Tylo) strong island where he researched and experimented with him. This island allows him the opportunity to recruit fresh victims for his work with "child". They think it is a professional affair to consider a tool in cell stem research that could lead to cure for a variety of diseases. Son Combs' was killed in kidney cancer when he decided to make his mad science, creating this blood-thirsty animal creatures that can both swim and walk on dry ground (although the The first cannon could only stand out for short periods). Tylo was the son of Combs, hence the exclusive connection to which worked for Roberts, who brought together his trophy wife, Mariya Ignatova. Also accompanied by Tylo and Forsythe, Roberts and Ignatova, are colleagues, Elise Muller and GR Johnson. Combs traps into a conference room, but they can escape on the island as it sends after their well paid mercenaries and son hammer sharks. As with the same feature of the channel's features, Hammerhead: Shark Madness has some effects rather than unappealing product effects and attacks (where the Shark Shark members) are shot in a rapidly modified format, French format where you have a hard time ever to see any of the reckless gorilla carnage. You have this vague notion that someone has been eating (rioting), but the attacks themselves are shooting in a very irregular fashion that, the truth is said, is rather anxiety. The monster itself never sees in it whole, just momentary glimpses in an eye or part of the body have licked about as the victim shouted out of horror. One thing for certain, you see the teeth. We get cgi vaccine in swimming in the hammer shark toward the screen, all menacing, ready to be made on meat. A constant is that while (and after) the victims are attacked, we see a great deal of blood and bits of meat bubbling at the surface of the water (this is really director Michael Oblowitz's director as informing the viewer that torn apart are goners). <br /> <br /> Combs do not break new ground as the scientist, but it still has a capacity to convey something quiet under this cold-blooded solution. It's fun to see Forsythe in a rare-cut hero, very kind of like an electronic wizard (her credit, it actually pulls it off) that must assume a leadership position when the group faces unprecedented danger. Tylo is also a very different type of role, a scientist who can defend himself well. Roberts can play the role of millionaire businessmen in his sleep, and his own kind of shot on a machine gun at the soldiers of Combs' (although his fate is not nice). Mentally, it was also really fun to watch Forythe and Tylo Downing Combs' hire goons and confiscate automatic car guns. As expected, the scenario allows people who have created the murder of themselves to put themselves at the risk of being justified so they can pay for their sins .. I mean, seriously, that people would know that they were so vulnerable After seeing just what damage to the human anatomy it might do? Beautiful exotic environment is quite a nice set.
