Where the hell are all these unknown islands where prehistoric monasteries persist, evil doctors experience, madmen holding the ultimate karate championship, and Uber-rich hunting men for sports? I had no idea there were still many unknown islands out there, but if you take into account the number of movies using one of these mysterious islands as a place, you would have to assume that there are at least 50 of these outdoor suckers . It still winds up feeling so slowly and I immediately deduce points from any movie that uses this hackneyed device. Hammerhead is the story of a mad scientist who is experimenting on one of these islands highlighted, so the movie has already had much to make up for it before it started. <br /> <br /> The island of this movie used to belong to Dr. Moreau, but recently bought by the Re-Animator himself, Jeffrey Combs. Old Jeffrey is doing some kind of stabbed cell strain research, which led him to begin working with sharks while looking for a cure for cancer. If this sounds familiar, because this is roughly the same set-up as the clever shark facility in Deep Blue Sea, not to mention a host of other Nu Nu movies. So, apparently, Jeffrey's son died of cancer that encouraged our angry doctors to start experimenting on his offspring. He made some kind of super fancy splicing and doing so, turning his son into a shark man. William Forsythe leads a crew of unknown actors on the island to look at the doctor's experience. If someone would give him a hippie hat, William would have been reminded of the death of the Skipper from Gilligan Island. In the typical wicked fashion, the doctor decided that all the intruders would make it nice to his son. Do not chums, like friends ... chom, like shark food. So join the shark-boy who starts to skip the skipper and his couture all over the island. They, of course, make half-hearted attempts to escape and call again and again while being chased by a guy in a tire-man shark suit. The movie did not make up any of the points that it lost to take place on one of those dastardly deserted people. It's funny that this movie is called Hammerhead, it made me think of an old joke. Why do you strike yourself in the head with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. That's pretty much how this film is. The only reason to look it is because it feels so good when it's over.
