Whenever in a while, someone from the blue looks at me a little bit sideways and asks "What's with SNITCH'D"? I know immediately to have a bar of entertainment barely hiding + terror. You see, I was cinematographer on the movie. Let me clarify some points regarding this "exciting life" experience. Originally, SNITCH'D has called one HARD HIT. I met James Cahill in July 1999, one day after I wrapped the TRIANGLE SQUARE, a great feature of 35mm-like characteristic features of the era never received timing despite the commemorative festival ... he had fallen victim finishing the fine print of the notorious experimental Feature SAG contract. But I searched ... <br /> I though I was on a roll, and when James asked me to shoot her little old flick through the 16mm film with a budget shot of $ 25,000, not wanting to break pace I took it. After all, CLERKS, EL MARIACHI ... I also believed the myth was back then. It's up to its chalk up as "film school" for many involved, including myself. SNITCH'D was shot on two weeks in August, 1999, in Aliso Viejo and Santa Ana, CA. Cahill taught Drama to a high school in the last city (yes, it is a Drama and English professor ... considering that while watching the movie, or even observing the use of the title apostrophe), hence where and cast . / / <br /> In note of his cast was the only known dramatic appearance of the Channel 2 Morning News girls girl Vera Jimenez, and the greatest impact, the first of Eva Longoria, who was recently came to Hollywood and was like hurry as I found a movie beneath her belt. I must say his professional dedication, focus and "let's do that" attitude to keep me inspired and was a precaution to his candidate-again-to-come. <br /> <br /> SNITCH'D suffers from poor scanning, some light or electricity, several boom du jour operators, and delivery of an offline uninsured for repetition. None of what overshadows the current content, which speaks for itself. <br /> <br /> Anyway, by 2003, the film was sold distributor (at a loss of nerve, I understood) that inexplicably had no photos of Eva on the box (by then it was a rising, working names), but who managed to find a clear picture of what appears to be an authentic Latin American gangster crediting creditor at SNITCH'D. Since Cahill's other passion is antique book dealing, it appears to confirm he believes that you can, in fact, judge a book by himself to cover ... as many have picked up this DVD-based sleeve. ----------------- A year later, Eva, now on a soap, and I met James for a day to shoot a simple short film she was concocted, second SPLIT I think never see any play despite festival intentions. <br /> <br /> 6 years later, I hired to shoot another Cahill movie titled JUAREZ, Mexico. I though he worked out the process; My participation was contingent on casting, scripting and crew control, and the resulting film actually looked promising in dailies, for which it was ... a cheap detective story surrounding the massacre massacres of girls in Juarez; Despite claims here and elsewhere, the movie has never appeared in any festival or venue, although Cahill has repeatedly claimed to have the distribution film and was simply waiting to release coincide with the DVD release of two studio photos on the same subject , VIRGIN in JUAREZ and BORDER TOWN.
