The "Saucy" misadventures of four fear pairs arriving in London on the same day in the early 1970s. There is a Swedish girl, a Danish, a German and a Chinese. The story combats to find the clothes on all of them, involving them in some humorous submissions and their couple and various misfits from the British film and television culture in the allotted time, including Man About The Star of Richard O 'Sullivan, in the near future of Neighborhood Street Rogue Johnny Briggs and horror film Stalwart Ferdy Mayne (playing a sheik). There's a very risky amount of female nudity on display, for those who love this kind of thing (but obviously there is nothing hardcore). Most of the film is very thin and inconsistent; Girls are stereotypes, and German Anita mainly suffer from some types of illiterate diseases - it is a moron obsessed with color television that acts as a kind of uninhibited kids & dresses to deliberately show its private parts; In another serious movie, it might be a psychiatric case. The most interesting section of the movie involves the Swedish girl being taken to a club in London where some dodgy types are constantly trying to swing, being seduced by a middle-aged rocker, losing her girl and realizing that scene in it is not for him. These sequences have some energy in them and point to a more intriguing movie than we've ended up with, in which promiscuity and the tricks of the music business and upper classes live soulless and seduce life (there is a fine turn by John standing as a important public school wheels). Strange in the stories have the Chinese girl (my future cannibal movie my mate Layer) getting off with his childhood podgrower's employer, fell mutually in love and then left in the night for no good Reasons all, except some Orientalist notions that "Chinese birds are inscrutable, are not they?" The film is very addictive to her woman's character and there's a smatter of homophobia in the dialogue with one of the features. The end is striking, like Sheik Mayne's no earthly cause (except to have the end of the movie somehow) whisks all the girls go to his Arab kingdom for what looks like all over the world as a future in white slave trade, where they are all happy about. Stuff and nonsense for the most part then but directed with a fair amount of competence by Veterans Val Guest, which puts it as a piece of film-making a notch above most of successful British brutal success .
