I hold this movie at the Film Festival of Edinburgh. I did not hear much about it; only that it was a tight thriller, numeric injection on a very low budget. I was hoping to catch the next big Brit-Flick. But I must say, I was seriously disappointed. "This is not a love song" following two criminals, who, after accidentally shooting and killing a young farmer's daughter, has become involved in a very dangerous game of cats and mice when the locals decide to take matters In their own hands and hunt down them. <br /> <br /> The real problem is that this is yet another example of style on the substance of a British movie. Angle the corners and corrections are completely at odds with the story, as they are about the top performances, and the appalling use of slow motion, which only serves to make the whole thing seem like an inexpensive home video. There are repeated attempts to make the movie look ugly and bravest, which instead comes on as hilarious and over the head (cue a tacky, binding subtle drum, and countless zooms camera camera). There is no amount of cliche as this can disguise the fact that this is a very bad story. <br /> We've seen this kind of stuff many times before, making a hundred times better, particularly in John Boorman's "Deliverance" mastery. But while in the letter movie, we actually care about the characters, in this movie, I get to just want them to be hunted down and killing as quickly as possible. Even this was never so bad if opponents were frightening or refreshing, but instead they are merely a collection of stereotyped, enbred-looking collections. Again, another offensive, sterile ovary used to come to the jungle. Surely there are some nice people in the country, filmmers? <br /> In its defense, "This is not a love song" includes a couple of good times, thrilling, but it's hard to see this movie doing nothing else than going straight video, or, in a push , get a very limited movie release. It's not a patch on Low-Budget last year to chase in the mountain movie, "Dog Soldier". Perhaps British Cinema can actually get kick-started again if the right currency stops going to the wrong people.
