I think, deep down in the worst, the slimiest part of their hearts, everyone loves Jerry Springer just a little. While his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us a chance to see that, relatively speaking, most of us have it really good. When you look at the 'Livin' parking, drinking Scotch Dollars, lovers' interest on the Springer show, it's the same day your worst looks like a walk in the park. Jerry is doing a utility, and we should be grateful. He ditched a political career to organize the show, just for us. What we should not be grateful for in any way is a piece of movie film "Ringmaster". "Ringmaster" shows which life is like for those wind up being invited on the show, or would like us to think. The film follows the Springer pre-requisite line: Love Triangle. A triangle involves Connie, Angel, her daughter, and her husband Rusty. The other involves Starletta, Vonda, and Demond. When two (2) non-complaining groups encountered in LA, their lives swollen with self-collision, all culminating in an explosive episode of the Springer show. It's like that "Cut Short" would be if Robert Altman had a serious crap habit. <br /> <br /> "Ringmaster" is indeed the show, as it is stupid and offensive at start to finish. It also makes me very happy that I do not live in the scandal it's character does. But the movie has a problem. It's billed as a comedy, but it's just not very funny. What laughs have to be had some and far between. Maybe some people look at this and have not stopped. If you think work blows with the funny rheumatists, well then I guess you're one of those folks. Personally, I laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in quiet tranquility of the agonizing horrors of life-white garbage. The Jerry Springer Show just does not mean to make the growth of the silver screen TV. What's funny in an hour long display (less, when counting ads) does not necessarily make funny in a ninety minutes movie. Movies must tell a story, and that's another thing "Ringmaster" has problems with. The story is filbar. There are many traces and continuous errors that any attempt to say a narrative narrows quickly exceeds excess. And even if there were no problems, how much fun can you pull out from a story of stereotyped people in a stereotype story? Even the Hollywood formula could not do this best. "Ringmaster: so bad, she even screwed up the best part of the Springer show: the final think .. Somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show wound up blowing harder than the slutty film women build around. /> <br /> The worst officer of all this is Springer himself.It is like a bad actor that he can not even play himself compelling ... Watch Springer play Springer is sad. It's like it was going to be a 'If Woody Allen played Jerry Springer' vibe, and it was failing. Worthlessly he went through the problem of producing this disaster, the lesser he could do is try to do it just Best of all, I tell everyone else in this film to put in a worthy award premium .. Just the opposite They are all sucking .. Not so surprising, no one in this movie has gone through magnitude. of which was made Molly Hagan landed a work on a Nickelodeon sitcom, Nickelodeon has no problem with hiring a woman who starred in the oldest movie in the '9 0 in the star of a child's program. It makes you ask what kind of thing other adults on this channel did in the passages .. Here are my final thoughts: What we have here is a group of people with no self respect read with a man and money for burning, who met and set the resources together to produce a movie showing how to hate themselves and how little they think of the intelligence of their watch audience. Should we accept people who make movies that treat us like big damaged brain gum? I say no. Somewhere outside, in this crazy, mix up world, have a perfect movie for each of us. We just need to keep looking for it. Until next time, take care of yourself and your loved ones. And never look "Ringmaster".
