I can not quite say that "Jerry Springer: Ringmaster" is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie would be best if it was, because at least the worst movie I've ever seen (Prom Night II) is interested in me and hated it. My reaction only after leaving the theater came when I looked up the clock and discovered that only 90 minutes passed. It seemed more like this year. It's an endless repetition of the poor (or Jerry Springer seems to believe the poor people), fucks with each other, hits each other, insults with each other, and then repeats the process with the same attention In the assignment of the rest we use when shampooing. The plot, which covers how a group of stupid people melee their lives seriously enough to provide grist Jerry Jerry Springer factory, only because of the idiosyncrasies of the characters. This makes it impossible to care for what's happening on them. He never rely on me if they got on the show, or what they said, or who died with whom. Maybe I'm not supposed to care about them. Maybe I suppose they look like some kind of funny - they see their outrageous behavior as naturally funny. Too bad is not. The humor is not outrageous. It's harmless. It is predictable. Humor has something behind it, some types of irony hurt or life experience, in order to function. Scatology does not understand. An example. A mother captures her daughter and her husband in bed. To take revenge through the trailer park and give oral sex to her daughter's companion. Since I was on the trauma of Jerry Springer shows a long time ago, I had the same reaction I had to chew Andrew Dice Clay; Do not laugh, just spoil. Lastly, I found the Springer as a tedious and compelling populist. If he really was an advocate of the poor, he would carry on a single mother from Bed-Sty talk about trying to raise his children to New York City over $ 12,000 a year. Or, failing that, he would at least give the participants to show him a cut in his profits. Jerry Springer gets millions of shows, movies, books and videos. His guests just get round trip trips, hotel accommodations, and a chance to humiliate themselves. If he loves the poor people, he would give them at least some of the money they earned for him. It appears that Springer wanted to make this film grab some legitimacy for himself. Jeez, with all her great work, would have thought she would have been earning our respect already. Anyway, the film is weak and boring. It does not even succeed in offensive. If you want to have a better evening, videotape a zapper insect for a night and watch it.
