The Vampire Bat is set in the German village of Klineschloss where the Burgermeister will host a meeting with the inspector Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) of the local stability over all of the recent crimes, the six victims discovered as many weeks all pour in blood and carry even the two holes over the neck. Brettschneider does not have a single sign but the superstitious elders in the village believe that deaths must be the work of a vampire. Brettschneider does not convince the toll-peasants to keep in touch to see a big beat, while the last victim of Martha Mueller (Rita Carlyle) victim was found. Brettschneider comes under increasing pressure to resolve the murders but can really believe that a giant Vampire Bat is responsible and whether it is how it will stop it? <br /> <br /> Directed by Frank R. The Vaporizer Battery was a cheap from Majestic Pictures of Cash to Success at It's Two Atwill & Wray Stars & Their success in previous years Dr. X ( 1932) & is more of a murderous mystery rather than a horror as the exploitation title & enticing can lead you to believe and quite frank it's rather dull. Script by Edward T. Lowe Jr. persuades rather seriously & sets the core story that something is killing local villagers & that something may possibly be a vampire, then for most of it in the movie duration focusing on Brettschneider & His incompetent investigation, does not put too fine a point on it, boring. The Vampire Bat also had a bit of an identity crisis as it does not quite know what he wants to be, the title would suggest a horror movie while the majority of it could easily be described as a thriller and the last minutes some come down to comic sci-fi. There are no Vampire batons, your crazy attempts are pathetic, all the characters are stereotypes of age & you can tell the villain of the piece straight away & as a whole nothing particularly interesting or entertaining on the Vampire Beat. I know it's old but that's not an excuse as movies have moved on a lot since 1933 & a bland, flat, dull, boring & deceiving movie like the Vampire Bat just do not cut it these days, just look at the original The King Kong (1933) released the same year and how brilliantly still keeps up today. I did not like it & I doubt many modern movie-spectators would either be as simple and straight forward as that. <br /> <br /> Director Strayer does nothing special but this is a case at point where I can cut the movie some slack because of her age, as a whole it's pretty much point, shooting better. There is not much in the way of atmosphere or crisis although some of the already existing sets taken in the Old House of Darkness (1932) & European wear European on the backs are very nice & add a certain ambiance of these things. <br /> <br /> Technically the Vampire Stick can not be compared with anything even remotely modern, for the age of reading it to Well I suppose but again I draw your attention back to the original King Kong. Speaking of King Kong's star Fay Wray has a role in this as Lionel Atwill icon, I will kind and say the act is OK. The Vampire stick, I'll imagine fool a lot of people thinking of it in a horror movie about vampire bat when in fact it's not, personally I thought the whole thing was a bit of a do. It's short and tells her story reasonably enough, but I must admit I'm not a fan.
