The boy is a dude of this mess. But it only lasts an hour and I only pay a buck for it so I will live .... unlike the cast of all this 1933 clunker that is all dusty now . <br /> So, anyway, a village starts to rotate body that was pouring into its blood. Local locals start talking about vampires, of course, and a little more loud after each body found. The city's or constructive or whatever it is, play by fear of actor Melvyn Douglas, try to tell otherwise. He mentioned the fact that the deceased has one big hole on each side of the neck, instead of hole close together, the locals simply say it to a giant vigorous stick. Constable insists that vampires do not exist and must be a human culprit killers. <br /> But Melvyn does not seem too bothered either way.It spends most of her time trying to get into the slippers of her sweetie, played by Faye Wray.Also in this mix is ​​the city of simplicity, played by Dwight Frye, who way seemed to have played the same role in each movie he did.It more freaks out the townspeople do not take batons and drink their own blood .Lionel Atwill plays the city doctor who seemingly tries to help build in solving the crimes. And boy did he ever felt as an actor.Atwill is as close to cardboard boxes in this role as he can get. And Lionel Barrymore is also in this .... many of the names great to be like a pile of huge. <br /> <Other than the terrible mis-title this movie has, the alternate name, "The Blood Sucker" is best, this movie is also dull and plodding and just funny. <br /> <br /> For me the high point in the movie is watching Frye, it's naked freaky town nails but other than her movie did not offer much. And when you find the reason For the strange deaths and see the special effects thing that asked all this without you You will really be down. Bela Lugosi has done a lot of terrible pictures but at least it was fun and interesting to watch.Think this movie as a really bad Lugosi clunker without Lugosi and you'll get a feel for how miserable this mess was. If you can not make a good 1930s movie horror at least put Lugosi in it.
