It's nature business to try to capitalize on the success of others. Here we have a movie taking elements from the earliest 'Dracula' (1931) and 'Frankenstein' (1931) - in a Germanic village village leader to believe that vampires (in the shape of sticks) were the cause of death which are without the victims. Even though the Injections shot (and the Britzon Caves!) It's a feature of Row Poverty; It's not just to compare it with these earlier, more leaked and super films. <br /> From the familiar and exciting music, the main heading music (which was due by Mischa Bakalienikoff), through the talky but quite open, we anticipated the arrival of Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye a good 30s mystery movie. Unfortunately, it does not happen. That's the disappointment. We find little more than the formula elements in these films, but with slow slowing, low budget, not enough at Dwight Frye, the late presence of Maude Eburne (Matus Gussie), and quotes for Lionel Atwill (Dr. von Niemann ) asking for human or self-control control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazier) has never done very clear. <br /> Do not watch the doctor 'Dr. X '(1932) - which also stars Lionel Atwill and Fay Wray but as father and daughter - before watching this way I did; it's an Oscar winner by comparison. So look at this first one. Structural, the 'Vampire Stick' is still not good. It plods together with commercial relief too much talk or unnecessary, without focusing strongly on villainy in vampirik. In addition 'Dr. X 'and' Mystery of the Wax Museum '(both 1932 and the beginning of Fay Wray), the most famous appearances of Lionel Atwill are as one of the armed copies of the' Child of Frankenstein '(1939) and as the Moriarite of' Sherlock Holmes and the Secret of Weapons' (1943). Dwight Frye steals all his manicure scenes in 'Dracula' (1931). As 'the love of young,' Melvin Douglas and Fay Wray have a nice kiss scene, but that's about it. It can be seen in the 'Old House Dark' (1932), and Fay gets dragged around by Joel McCrea in the 'most dangerous game' (1930). Then there's his 1961 classic screamer. Too bad more time, money and rewrites were not available for this movie to best show their talent and chemistry at Lionel Atwill, Fay Wray and Dwight Frye. Unfortunately, this disappointing movie movie only gets a 4.
