When filmed this, the director of Mary Harron seemed to have had the goal of documenting Bettie Page's explicit career as early as the model model for returning home after the Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency and his religious rediscovery in the 50s and so intent is it to find everything on screen at the moment allowing it seems to have been missing out on taking anytime to explain anything in depth. <br /> <br /> When you think of someone who has been your page's career, there would be much to discuss, reason, decisions, life events, personal traumas, but Harron avoids any kind of personal exploration of the character . In the first fifteen minutes or in the movie, there are brief suggestions on child abuse, domestic violence and gang rape, but these are all past and never referred to. You get the impression that Harron and Guinevere Turner (co-writer) wanted to glaze over anything that was not glamorous and complimentary. You go to this movie who hopes to get an insight into who is behind the posters, but all you give are a list of things that he did with recreation of some of his most famous photo shoots . All the movie really frustrates you as you look, desperately waiting for some extra layers to reveal itself. How has he balanced his religion and his work? What did this teenage girl to Tennessee move from model to slave photography. The film simply shows her going to another model agency and putting on whatever she said, but surely she would have involved some trauma and deliberation, this was after all the 50s. <br /> It seems to me that Harron is trying to make a point on how to tame all this is not today's standard (Page does not take any photos of explicit sexual action) and how the few reaction has given this The kind of thing was really overzealous And although this is true, it never actually makes it seem shameful to the eyes of others. Today we look at a teenage girl posing topless and think nothing about it, but we should have some sort of feeling about how shocking she would have been in a contemporary audience. This woman was a central part of a Senate hearing on juvenile delinquency, but no one really showed that shock. <br /> <br /> Basically I left this movie just thinking how to tame it was. Harron and Turner have managed to avoid anything that would be unpleasant to a viewer. They come across as two full-time fans of Miss Page and desperate to make sure nothing, absolutely nothing, can possibly put a bad light on the heroines, and they have therefore avoided any of the deepest surveys in which it really was . (Before and after her career relates to her violent nature and mental disorders) And all that remains is string of events that have taken up her career, without any substance that is behind her.
