The ultimate goal of Big Brother, that we know what they think before we think it, has been achieved. Is it a kind of miracle, or joke disaster, that people donate mental jackets straight to their own voices, twist themselves in contorted form, and grin like evil? Movies, art, no longer the unknown risk, but they are forbid conclusions, pour in life. The "Notorious Bettie Page" is a bizarre story, fit for a new feminist college student. Her lesson is schematic, straight-angled and linear: "See how women are subjected, exploited, abused, then on the heap, not a male dominated society." <br /> <br /> Bettie Page, supposedly, was "queen pin-up in the 1950s," the ass are millions of eagle people. (All revisions repeat that phrase, "pin-up queen in the 1950s," as a chorus of monkeys.) Her story as an American gender bomb is unfamiliar: South, abused by her father, raping, etc. In this film It is a naive, an innocent ignorance of the cautious interests it uses to shamelessly profit. Although he believes in Jesus, he likes frolicking naked in front of a camera lens - just the sexual-next-sex-female American slave girl supposedly fantasy. From the mouth of writer-director Mary Harron himself, Oxford-educated and ex-pankker (you feel like taking combine privileges with "hipness" as I do?): "I feel like feminist, I would not do that ... I do not make feminist films in the sense that I do nothing ideologically. But I find that women get my movie better. "What a cozy click. The movie simply goes through the motions of telling the story of a human life, its topics and goals have been eulogized and interrupted well before the movie began. Mrs. Page has a companion, but we show nothing about her relationships. In fact, there is no intimate or detailed relationship in the movie. <br /> Someone can not ignore his smile simplicity. In New York, where Ms. Page trying his best to fit and to attract the world to someone, leaving himself to be tied to the ropes of slavery and luggage in the black leather boots and bodices of S & M, the film is black and white. But down to Miami, where she goes away from it all, gleefully takes on her clothes, and she is photographed by a "liberated" female, the movie gets in color. "Like Hellon does not do feminist films," do not do anything ideologically. " Ideology has become so internationalized, so supposed, so scheduled, that it is almost invisible. Big Brother must smile.
