The "700 Club" has to be the only television broadcast program in the history of television itself. To make matters worse, it was in the air since 1966, meaning that thousands if millions are buying from hate and lies. There are not Pat Robertson, unscrupulous, megalomaniac founders and leaders of the Christian Coalition, the "700 Club" takes us out of misinformation about misunderstanding, broadcasting "news" as they like to think of it and try to convince its audience that all of the world's problems are blame on homosexuals, Wicans, New Age Spiritists, Muslims, Jews, Hindus, Christian fundamentalists, Democrats, single mothers, aliens, feminists, evolutionists, scientists, NASA scientists, and anyone else who does not share fan views religious ones. It is actually the best news fake since the "Daily Show" or "Weekend Update" segment of "Saturday Night Live," or "FOX News," for that matter. Of course, the Pope is still one of those who make each of the decisions, saying whatever comes to mind and does not give a damn that it offends or does hurt. In the meantime, he continued his party in the fight to transform the United States into a military police state by stopping the religious nuns in all they could and asking for one donation after another - not less than a $ 100 tiles become a member, by the way - funded African diamond diamonds and purchased oil from companies reprimanded by the government in the past for environmental abuse. No, never thought that Pat was good friends with the genocide dictators of Zaire and Zimbabwe in order to help him find these treasures; it is all for the glory of God, you do not know? And of course, the hosts of the "700 Club" still want to read letters "written by viewers" as they like to put it, haphazard each type of the same format and all on the same color of the paper by "viewers" supposedly Healing of various afflictions has not said the hosts (they claim to have "words of knowledge" come to them), but never appeared on the program to tell what happened. Honestly, how can anyone take a show seriously when using a poor applause announcement? It should be asked why there is no studio audience. The sad thing that the Pope's peer and viewers do not realize or just do not want to realize they are horrible things he did and said. This is a guy who agreed with Jerry Falwell that September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the United States were the result of God punishing us for our acceptance of homosexuality and feminism. Ironic, considered that Pat was twice publicly referred to the implementation of a nuclear weapon at the State Department; I have little doubt his wealth has been kept from getting arrested for such statements. Getting into gay, single mothers, and any number of sexual practices she considered "sin" is interesting, considering she was known to often a number of brothels during the Korean war. As the Bible says, multiplied and multiplied, so congratulations, Pat - thanks to you, there are probably a number of children born to the only Korean mother. Then, of course, had the time he called for the murder of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez (not that he is a saint, but still). Oh, yes, and let's not forget that time "Crucifix for Human Life" supports forced abortion in China. Very "Christian" in him, would not you say? <br /> <br /> And just in case of being forgotten, I never forgot her little speech that evangelical Christians today "were treated exactly as the Jews were in Nazi Germany." Honestly, they compared " His "combat in the Holocaust is almost unforgivable. Speaking of that, do I need to mention how she blatantly believes that inversions run rampant among the Nazi party in a tacky attempt to discredit homosexual? Of course, stories show us that Nazi acts toward homosexuals as they did toward the Jews. Pat Robertson is one of the largest linked stories. If it was Pinocchio, his nose would surround the Earth. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, more and more people continue to believe it every day. This is your appeal, people; The "700 Club" is one of the most not sure if it's one of the oldest television programs. It is masquerading evil as good; It's a wild-in-sheep-dress. It's rhythm filters that are trying to look clean, beautiful, and like. It is evidence that lively opinions, dangerous religions are not limited to certain groups in the Middle East. Even those who do not believe in Christianity know that it goes against everything Jesus taught, and if Jesus appeared in "this club," He would not emulate them. Instead, he would chastise them as he did the Pharisees in his time and overturned the money bindings of the telethons just as he did before the synagogue in his time. All I can say is thanks to Pat having no chance of becoming President; If he did, he would be the forerunner of Armageddon - and not on the side of the good guys.
