I do not believe there has ever been a worst or cruel TV program in the United States as the 700 Club. They are equivalent today with Ku Klux Klan in the 20th century. The hatred of all that is good and sweet to people and most is beyond all their ability to understand. Daily attacks are constant on millions and millions of Americans, as well as the billions of people of the world, who have not yet shared their bigoted, cruel, monstrous, and insane insanity of humanity is beyond any TV ever see. The lies are outlined and ridiculous lies to try to pass through as truth, as the idea of ​​"life after death" or "god" or "sin" or "devil" is so preposterous that they actually seem mentally sick, so The losers are in their fantasy. People know that religion is a drug and should not let themselves get addicted to the type of fantasy. However, the 700 Club is in a class alone. They are really a cult. While I believe in freedom of expression, their way of spreading hatred, lies, disinformation, and the fantastic ideas is beyond all limits. I hope that one day the American Psychiatric Association will finally take the study of those people who delude themselves in this way, those who let themselves flowing so deeply into the fantasy country of religion that they no longer have real concepts in fact at all. Treatment for those suffering is grave need in this country, as many people have completely lost their spirits in the fantasy of religion. The 700 club though, is even more terrible as it arises in the legal definition of 'cult' but due to the vast wealth of the 700 (conned daily from millions of Americans close to deceitable gaps) are higher than the law in this country. For those of you who saw the film "The Matrix" you know that film was a metaphor for religion on earth: the evil at the top of each of the religions that the same drainage was blocked and cruel abused for them selfish self-esteem, and millions of people who were caught in a sleeping death and slowly being poured into their life force represent many of the religions who have lost all the ability to see what really goes on the side where they are. <br /> In less time civilians, good townsfolk would have to run monsters as those associated with the 700 Club out of town with torches and pitchforks. But in the today's world where people have lost all the choices of the TV shows presented, we have no way to get rid of the 700 epidemic club. The TV system and "V" chip on the TV should have a rating called "R" for religion, so that rational people and parents are concerned could easily screen such as intellectual and rape roles brutal emotional racism, as presented by the 700 Club every day throughout our country, to themselves and their children.
