The years have gone by since Don Wilson used his martial arts expertise to take down a robot who was scheduled to destroy him, also married to the Blonde Reporter (Stacie Foster) who led the rebellion of the first movie, now The new plot is at work, one involving droids look-alike that framed our hero, and a society looking to rule the world (There is no plot back any of this up) and Cyber ​​Tracker 2 become a virtual replay of the movie first. I admitted that I bought DVDs from the bar dealer made by PM, PM was a company specializing in cheap-Jack stock flicks (like this) that had tons of explosions, tiny stories and anything in general, but means action side. Some of these titles were (mildly) enjoyable (Last Man Standing with the Sweater) however Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is stuck with the casting of Don Wilson's charisma-less. When comparing the protagonists in the same PM effort both Jeff Wincott and C. Thomas Howell are Oscar candidates when compared with Don Wilson. Another indication is that this was led by Richard Pepin with no flair at Joseph Merhi's seems to have elaborated the sequence of actions that feel more expensive than the budgets. Then again if both C. Thomas and Wincott are probably more expensive to find. Cyber ​​Tracker 2 is a Rip Off and an R capitol, there are many thieves from the best movies (Robocop, Terminator, Universal Soldiers even Halloween III!) That's almost as if Richard Pepin tries to instill a sense of identity the material Pedestrians yet without the smart ideas or at least the stupid zip of great action, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 falls flat. There is literally no good idea that does not lend to a better movie and the splendid throw support. The only exception from Tony Burton that is miles better than the material. Also, Stacie Foster seems to have been able to better and far better material. However, Cyber ​​Tracker 2 comes mainly primarily as noisy, bland and subtle as its leading people, however with no real martial arts sequence to fall off, all there are lots of cars leaking over and not alone There is no substitute for the failure of the ambassador to express here. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 from 4- (Poor)
