Okay ... it looks like so far, only the Barman fans commented on this movie - time for a counterpoint. Beware, this writing is * LONG * .. For those who are not familiar (especially those not Belgian): Tom Barman, director of this film, is the frontman of DEUS, one of the best known The rock band in late 90's here in Belgium. Basically, a couple of albums were very adventurous and innovative and quickly rose to fame on the national scale. Then egos began to wound and the band fundamentally dropped apart, and Barman and a couple of other people left to make the album under the dEUS-monicker. The way it is still happening in these cases, the post-break of the dEUS was a lot of interpreters and less interesting than the original. They tried to go for an international breakthrough with the "The Crash Ideal" album in 1999, featuring a very diluted form in their earlier style of composition. They did not well do it. However, the ego was still very big it looks: big enough for bartender to consider himself enough in an attempt to shoot movies. <br /> <br /> More often than not this sort of thing is a big big mistake, and this movie does not make the exception. And Barman clearly went for * art * on this one, another big mistake. For one thing, he is a musician, not a movie director. For another, the dEUS has better made fun and provocative music, but never anything close to what I would consider * art *. It shows. <br /> So, what's this movie about? Basically, she tells the story of a whole lot of refreshing, making it equally refreshing to the neck of a totally refreshing Friday in Antwerp, as even more refreshing things happening in the act of being refreshing. Characters are deep, the totally pointless plot and the movie just have no other kind of redirect to make up for these imperfections. Humor? The movie all makes me smile (a little) about 3 times, and actually managed to provoke one 5-second hate (not loud). Mood? The movie just does not seem to show any kind of emotion or feeling at all. Mystery? Well, (* MINOR SPOILER *) The idea of ​​the "wind-man", inspired the name of the movie, is as enthralling as a banana pepper pizza - not very, and it did a thousand times before (anyone remembers Johny Destiny - one of Tarantino's worst appearances on the movie date) (* END MINOR SPOILER *). And well, it * artistic *, so do not expect any kind of real action to make up for the previous one. In other words, except for the few smiles, he bored me out of my shorts. <br /> So what's left? Well, the band is very good, though it suffers from some of the same issues that other OSTs have been showing recently: first, it makes the movie seem like nothing more than a commercial for the CD. Secondly, it gives the impression that Barman tries to hide the weaknesses and lack of emotional content in the movie behind the quality content of the songs, which simply does not work. In the end, he makes the movie look like nothing more than a song depiction. And unfortunately, it's Barmans's own contribution to the band that gets the most attention, though it's the weakest part of the whole band as far as I'm concerned. All in all, it just means that Barman knows more about music than movies. Camera work is well as good, but it's nothing that would make you cry out with joy. <br /> <br /> The only thing about this film that caught me watching was the eye-seeing factor. Since I'm from Antwerp, it was fun to play a kind of "guess-place-place" game. I would hardly consider this as a quality though. <br /> At all, another chance to lose for Flemmish movie. I keep on remarking that lately, the best Belgian films have come from the French party in the country. This is mostly because at least they have something to say and manage to say it in ways that are both sharp and emotional (the Daerden brothers come to mind). Perhaps Flemmish art-house filmmakers should try it too.
