What we have here is a classic case of many patriotisms TOO. This is what happens when you live in a small country with very little (next to the same) cinema history. Whenever someone comes up with a slightly more ambitious film project? other than the usual plays about family farmers fighting or cinema long slapstick movies in local comedies ?? Everyone feels obliged to love and even the responsible people spread favorable reviews across the borders of their country. This is especially the case when the writer / director of this particular film is already a romantic nation, because it is also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "Any Way Wind Blows" is by no means a bad movie, but it's definitely overrated (if it is even possible within the boundaries of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even the original remoteness offered. This is basically the flicker version of classic movies such as "Short Cut" and "Magnolia" and showing a tile of characters with everyday life initially appear to be related but eventually come together at the end. The only thing that seems to be united to the protagonists at first is the city of Antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deepest relationships between them become transparent and near the highest points all seem to be a party. The main problem with "Whatever the wind blows", at least according to you really, lies with the characters. They really are random, refreshing and honestly do not experience anything that might be considered out of the ordinary. He thought the intent / director Tom Barman intended to describe the average & regular inhabitant of Antwerp but then seriously, what is the point? One of the characters shot from his projectionist film work, another one is a novelist to failing difficulties with a marriage crisis, two brothers and sisters recently lost their father and most "mysterious" one of them all followed by the wind goes everywhere he goes. There are a couple of more characters regularly walking around the screen, but they're even less worth mentioning. These people simply drivel over and over on very random subjects (such as life in the 80's, the date and each other's bowel movements) and nobody's concerns about philosophy. Some of the dialogues evoke moderate chuckles, especially the interactions between the two twenty-something guys from GENT, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. The film actually works best as a tourist video encouraging the city of Antwerp and as a prolonged & versatile musical document. There are several stylish images & buffet gains in Antwerp and have to always play beautiful music, if really loud or subtile in the background. Generally speaking "Anyway the wind blows" is a completely effortless and stylish effort, but too mundane and slightly boring, and I am completely amazed at his fans would even be bothered to look if it was not a flower production.
