I'm almost walking out, but I would pay my money, and almost like-disgusting friends I wanted to keep. After endearing, the innocent wide-eyed "A New Hope" and the sophistication of the "Imperial Strikes Back," I remember waiting for "Return to the Jedi" with almost insidious antipathy. But from the opening stage to this scuffle commercial sewer, I was bitterly disappointed, and angry at Lucas. It should be humiliated in itself, but this abomination endlessly proves that it does not have subatomic particles of shame in its cold, greedy hearts. My episode would go on strengthening this fact - your honor, I call Jarjar Binks (but please give box boxes to the members of the first jury). <br /> The first increase in the gate of the Jabba Line, this "film" was nothing more than a two-plus-hour commercial for many licensed figures, profits-making as Lucas could bash into it - The pig-like guards, the hokey meat-pigtailed flunky, the old mopet-pets in the Jabba, the new and recycled New Kabarets, monsters, etc., etc., vomiting. Then Ewoks was detestably beautiful and marketed. Stack on top of all of the rebel alliance covenants. Every few seconds on the screen (or less) and the kiddies just GOTTA has one for their collections. Blatant, explosive financial animate of children is nauseating. Lucas did not even need to bother coming up with a new plot - she just exchanged the Death Star from "A New Hope" and roaring in a boatload of cheap mood. What is a appalling slap in the face of her fans. I can not shake the notion that Lucas has taken a bad hobby of injury to this dick on his fans: "I had these lemmings tuned so badly that I can crank out the worst piece of fragrant, broken garbage that I could dream up, and the sheep in the scarfs will scrounge up. Plus, all the kiddies will interfere with torture parents until they buy brats a complete collection of action figures in every occasional unbalanced single, cartoonish cartoonish I'm saturated in, and I get a cut out of every one. It'll make me even more obsessively rich. "<br /> There may be a partial, patsy little at the time redeemed in this miserable rip-off. I seem to remember that Harrison Ford managed to just barely hold his nose above this cesspool surface. But regardless of the brightness of the power that is found to be not commercialized in offensive Lucas is thus avariciously embraced in this total, absolute selling-out of profits.
