Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare Starts as Dream Devil Freddy Krueger (Robert Englund) leaves a teenager (Shon Greenblatt) on the outskirt of Springwood with no memory of himself, whom he is or why he is there. The local police pick him up and take him to a young center where psychiatrist Maggie Burroughs (Lisa Zane) interviewed him and found a newspaper cut in his pocket leading the two of Elm Street in Springwood where they discovered that no No children living there are therefore no victims for Freddy killing anyone. It all looks like it's an elaborate plan by Freddy to find her daughter & her use to save Springwood. When Maggie realizes that Freddy is up to her & some kids decide they have to kill Freddy once and for all ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Rachel Talalay this was done with the intention of being the ultimate Nightmare on Elm Street movie that at that time reached five, of course as any horror movie fans know if there's still money to be made out of a franchise or a character then there is no way to hell Freddy To die: the final nightmare was going to make the last one that, of course, it was not. The Nightmare on the Elm Street series has been a franchise in reducing returns as the films fall in quality as the progress until we got here & Freddy's Dead: The final nightmare for my money is probably the worst out in many of them. The movie moves into a reasonable pace & it's rarely boring, but it's so funny, childish & feels like some sort of live action-drawing and some awesome horror series-piece horrors that seem a million miles from the original Susvenful Wes & Effective early 80's craffe. The scene where stoner Spencer is locked inside a video game that is played by Freddy is terrible on his own but then we are treating shots in his body back to reality bouncing around the house from wall to wall & floor Ceiling that is quite the most ridiculous thing I've seen in a short time, or maybe the early scenes when the kid John Doe dropped out of an airplane down to the ground just like the cartoon character cartoon character in cartoons Road Runners or the absorbed view of Freddy threatens the Carlos deaf and pins that he intends to release from the floor to make a loud noise or when he eventually kills him by scratching his knife through a board. You can not take this seriously & I just sat there by believing what I saw. When they finally try to kill Freddy the Hero to give a special powerful special gun, yes, that's a pair of 3-D glasses! The character is poor, the dialogue is poor & the plot is confusing, it does not really stick to Elm Street's continuity & overall the movie is a bit of a mess, the best thing I can say about it is that it's quite a bit of unintentional humor & you can certainly laugh at it. The film has great sound problems as it tries to darken, scary & disaster again it's so unusual and simply looks ridiculous at times that any attempt at severe falls completely flat. There is not much throat in this one, there are some fingers cut, some elbows, someone falls on a bed of nails & that's on it. Count the body very low here and only three deaths. The final minute or so Freddy's death: The final nightmare was in fact shot in 3-D although the version I saw introduced this part as normal so I can not comment on how this does or does not work , but you can definitely see the shots that are meant to be seen in 3-D that take advantage of the process. Special effects are varied, some are quite good while the other is awful & Burned Freddy's make-up this time looks very poor. This apparently has a budget of about $ 5,000,000 (it has a weekend-opening desk desk of $ 12,000,000) & the movie has some nice visuals & gags that make the stuff feel even more cartoony than it's already yeah. The act is really poor in main driving although there are a few odd pills including Tom Arnold & Roseanne, Johnny Depp & Roker Alice Cooper. Freddy's Dead: The Final Nightmare is probably the worst of the whole set & apart from some unwanted redirects there's not much here to recommend or enjoy. Fans of the series will probably love it & defend it, but for me this is as far as the original Wes Craven classic shocking as it gets. Followed by New Nightmares (1994) who tried to take Freddy Krueger & the series in a new & different direction.
