Actually, they do not, but they certainly did when trying to think of a singular line that well summarizes how terrible this entry of the series really is. There have been some moments that could be good, but they are mostly outpaced by their own conversion of missed opportunities, and not finding me started on the wrong. <br /> <br /> The opportunities are wasted are very obvious, but I'll remind them here in case anyone worries. Anyone who has not seen the movie and really gives a toss should advise to stop reading at that point. The first, with potentially bigger, the wasted opportunity, was the plot with Freddy's long-lost children. Now extreme of mental illness that Freddy appears to suffer (and I might hasten adding that less than one percent of mental patients are a threat to others, leaving alone at that level) is HEREDITARY, so why by a mystery slasher what kind of character Lisa Zane in Freddy dreams kill the teens, only we later discover it's actually doing all the massacre? Sounds like a good idea to you? Obviously it was higher than the top of Talalay and De Luca. Then there's the Springfield tour, where all the adolescent population was wiped out, and the remaining adults are experiencing a type of mass psychosis. Funnily enough, said mass psychosis was actually shown in a realistic and compelling way, although this has a fair amount of money and the fact that we have never shown too much. We just give quick visual suggestions to the massive loss of connection and reality that would stem from the grief of every young city to die for reasons beyond comprehension and control of one. The essential issue with this trace element, however, is that the city is abandoned too fast, and with no real answers. This collection of scenes might be far creepier and ten minutes in saying ... one sane citizen explains these visitors why Springfield's fair looks like a horror show. Of course, horror films are never noted for their character development, unless they are the type of horror movie John Carpenter used directly, but how do we suppose really care when the characters we know next to nothing about dying? At least Wes Craven took the time to set up his character in the original, and used a few cheap tricks to draw the in. The in. That's in a nutshell is probably the biggest problem with Freddy's Dead: he's just not try at all, leaving alone hard enough. <br /> In a note note, I feel sorry for Robert Englund, now that it is more or less inextricably linked to the Freddy character. He plays best best characters in best production (Ministry of Science-Fiction "V", for example), and must be forever remembered as "Freddy's Freddy" is selling him rather short. It seems he will never break the mold in horror film right now. As for the rest of the cast, well, I think the performances here speak for themselves. They are worthy of permanent typecast as little more than B-class unusual accessory. Even Yaphet Kotto does not escape this one unscathed, as his character is one of the most abundant writings in the history of B movie. <br /> <br /> All in all, Freddy's Dead gets a 1 out of me. I would vote below, but the IMDb is not allowed for that. FD is truly a testament as a writer's inability to exploit a concept of the fullest extent that can ruin not only a movie, but an entire franchise.
