* Includes Spoilers * A few weeks later I was originally writing my review for the Dead Living Dead I realized that I could have been a bit too hard on this movie. That's why I decided I would do something I never did before. Review the movie again. Do not get me wrong, I still do not like the movie, I always think it's drak, and I still think that the zombies do not look all that eye zombie. The story of the film is still in my opinion, weak and rather lame. The story is about a guy called Rick, who works as a scientist (who just happens to work on something seric that cures sick cells, in animals) and his Germaine brothers, two are not exactly on The good in terms (me, an original plot point) and much discussion. One day Germaine was shot in a drive-by shooting, and Rick called up his scientist scientist to carry the serum to try to resume Germaine (whereas most people would have called 911, but also), naturally the serum failed and Germaine "die" (if that did not happen there was no movie), after the police and the coroner (until the end of time I still think that maybe paramedic should be shown up) leaving the scene show wind in the crown (which I still believe was just a windy person and a "runner" sailing to throw on the side), and Germaine returned to life to attack and kill the paramedics. I would talk more about the plot, but I feel that if I reveal more about the story you do not want to watch it (and we do not want that now would we?), But enough to say that the story (in my opinion at least) meanders and is rather slow moving (did not intend). As I have already said in my review the zombies do not look at all of that as many zombies, I still think they seem like being in a fighting battle. This does not mean that they should be rotten and summer, but they should always be at least biting marks on the victims. Also I do not like the fact that the director (s) still change up the pace in which the zombies move. They could not really seem to decide on whether or not the zombies run or shamble (like most zombie cinemas do), do not get me wrong, I'm all for running zombies, but make up your mind people. In one zombie scene runs in the direction of the living, and in the other it just shambles them. And sometimes they just do not seem credible (yes I know animal affair but still), I am of course referring to the zombie who runs his hand on the wall as though he walked into a dark living room , and I still do not like zombies who are lying on the ground, getting shot, then jerks like he's just shot. The sound of the movie also bothered me, especially the music, which while it was just my copy of the movie seemed pretty much non-existent. Music in a movie is as important. Especially when the sound editing sounds like the director just takes a friend camcorder and shot a little zombie cops. The act is still atrophy (in my opinion) and is on par with the "American actors" from Japan to film Japanese films. The movie is still bad, almost the worst house of the deceased, it's better, no doubt about that, but then again this does not say so much. It's not the worst film out there, and it's better than a lot of direct movies in the video but from the end of the day was not good. I also think the film really moves really slowly, despite the fact that it's only an hour and twenty or so minute (and yes, I still do not like the opening song). This kind of movie I think is well suited to be Premier on Sci-Fi Network. That is why I have to give this phase to a movie from ten. But think of it this way, at least it's not a negative one.
