I arrived to spot this film on the shelf under "new releases" and found the idea of ​​a hip-hop hip-film movie far too interesting to pass. That's how he billed the company on the box, anyhow, and I thought myself, "What a great idea!" Plus there is a "Welcome to Oakland" sign on the cover, too. How can I resist? Unfortunately, the hip-hop part only lasted for as long as the opening term. Neither music hip-hop nor hip-hop culture has a lot of a role in the movie. Having lived in Oakland myself, I know that there are so many aspiring hip-hop artists there, so the low budget of this flicker film had no excuse by having a fitting band. Any number of challenging artists would jump on the opportunity to contribute to this flick. Why the Brother Fees did not take advantage of this is beyond me. <br /> Once the movie was rolling, it was a completely typical zombie movie and a cast that just came to be completely black and Latino. You might think this would put a strange slope on the movie ... but it was not. Somehow, the Quiroz Brothers' Vision of "urban culture" boils down to drive-by shooting and dropping a F-bomb in each line of the movie. The rapid-fire use of the word "fuck" is probably the most distinguished feature of this film; There was only single line containing the word three or four times, and no line did not include at least once. I'm not at all squeamish about swearing in a movie, but the feeling here was that it resulted in a lack of ideas on the part of the writers (also the Quiroz Brothers), and the script was generally very poor. The movie was generally a disappointment. It would be interesting to see a real "urban culture" flick of zombies, but the "Hood of the Dead" does not save on that count. The characters of the film could just as easily were white or eskimo or anything else. There was no distinct taste in the film. It's just another run-of-the-mill-fixed budget and bad act, lamenting, amateur direction, movie theater, a cheap band, and nothing at all recommended.
