This was without a doubt the worst thing I ever spent on money. I feel dirty to admit that I rent this 'movie' and actually pay the money to see it. This is not the same rate of garbage. No. This is the juice that is collected at the bottom of industrial dumpsters located in particularly bad neighborhoods after an extraordinarily humid summer. To call it waste would degrade garbage everywhere. It was so bad I felt I was registered in IMDb and warned my fellow guys. This luvahire character's claim this movie is great. One has to question him about reality. Let's take some of its comments and analyze them. "The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a great job." <br /> I see. Well, if the director looked at his audience and launched in each sentence declared by Ricky or vividly bursting in uncontrollable laugh at the time when most directors would want a more reaction to the viewers, then yes; Ricky did an exceptional job. I am an aspiring actor myself taking my theater at my school and playing a play where I had to cry and it's not easy to be emotional in such a scene I give the actress accessories that must be an emotional scene and can pull it off. "Well, I also have to give the actress accessories that can pull emotional scenes Luvahire, you may want to look at another line of friendships if you think these chuckleheads pull it off.You can help you if you need "If I was a teacher of the theater at school I would fail you just based on the commentary," he said. I'm too lousy to continue, I'm going to now turn on the movie movie bashin, Mr. Bangla. <br /> <br /> Howdy! This far, I take it for granted that you've already seen the movie, and you're currently looking for one of the two things in the following comment: 1) Additional degree of debris in what you agree was an exceptionally poor movie 2) The other basic vitriol in what you feel was a good cinematic effort that needs to defend against those puppies against myself. If you want to help articuling your disgust or ammunition for a vibrant repost, if I say nothing good will only disappoint you - so let me assure you have little chance of such deception. <br /> <br /> Other negative comments here at IMDb have already sums up the particular weaknesses of the movie (eg the acting, the band, the led, the dialog, the correction, etc.), however all of these Faults can easily be forgiven, in and in themselves. Many people rent a movie titled "Hood of Living Dead" if they ask for these elements for self-tooth. The final failure of "Hood", however, is its failure to deliver on the abundant promise of its name. "The Living Dead Dead" practically jumps off the shelf in the video store and its implications of one-material and gruesomely creative killings. Here was a chance to mix the cheesy throat in the movie of zombies and realism in life in the ghetto, they have gangsta-thug bomb zombies' on the innocent living while rockin 'make-up clothes, they have some drunken pimps' Over all-too-mortal skin-rays in deceit-out rides. The mixture of two folks was hilarious. Instead, the movie is more like watching middle school kids timidly delivering their lines into a play but not understandable. To avoid a feeling of betrayal on the part of video-rental audiences, I suggest that the Quiroz brothers re-release the movie with the new titles: "The Living Dead Die: A Home Video Video That Made Us Shoot our camcorder and some friends over a weekend last summer because we were bored. " Or maybe they could drop it as a documentary. "The day of creativity died: An exploration of how a low budget film can still be perfectly devoid of intelligent or original thoughts despite missing links in a big picture studio motion." <br /> <br /> The potential interest boarder has not quelled, should find this explosion on the back of the video case: "The Quiroz brothers proved once again that watching things you can easily Doing yourself is not very interesting. "- Mr. Bangla
