Barahatya's Barrier-Based Director of Vivah, 20-something Delhi boy Shahid Kapur found himself killed by the demure, his little girl's father chose to marry. The innocence of simplicity and simplicity, Shahid agrees at the wedding time barely after she met her at her home in Madhupur, and young lady in question Amrita Rao looks equally floated by her good thirst. The wedding is set for six months later, and the couple find themselves at the first tip of young, budding love, their geographical distance despite. But Amrita, who had risen from his uncle, and her aunt after her parent's death, was hit by a terrible disaster just before the wedding. Then she's up to Shahid to play the honorable lover and hug her unconscious. Many of the veins as Hum Aapke Hain Koun and Hum Saath Saath Hain, the new movie Barjatya Vivah is also on a level of a family drama with a very idealistic site. But unfortunately, the plot of this new movie from looking way too obsolete, even more far-reaching than those regressive soap Kapoor soap. And the problem is clear ?? You just can not relate to these cleverly-selfish characters that do not have one bone to the body. There are many things that work in favor of and against the Hindi movie, and distribution is one of the important factors. Twenty-five years ago, perhaps the scheme Vivah might not have felt like such a stretch, but today it just seems like the product of an idea stuck in a long chain. Perhaps only the film's saving grace is the fact that it's causing sincerity from start to finish, you can make out right away that the cinema's intention is not to mislead. Judging both by Barjatya's film before and by examining this new one you can safely declare that Barjatya believes in a perfect world, she believes in her good-like character, and believes that great family can live together happily over the roof even without the slightest ball. But wrong, he can not translate his vision to the screen. It is difficult to overlook how a large scale its protagonist is ?? Shahid and Amrita, both virtuous and virgin ?? I mean, think about it, the first time to hold but is an hour and twenty minutes in the movie. Barjatya may think he returns to Maine Pyar Kiya's race with Vivah, but truth is that why we embrace Salman and Bhagyashree in that movie, or even Salman and Madhuri in Hum Aapke Hain Koun are because they have these chemistry fantastic. Because although they were created from the same mold as Shahid and Amrita in Vivah, these frightened were malignant and masti. Shahid and Amrita are just insipid and boring. For a movie that relies so heavily on music stories, the cinema chooses a string of 70s-style tunes that only slacken the movie deadening the movie. But if I had to choose one reason why explain why Vivah does not work for me is because I'm not sure I can relate to any of the characters Barratya's story remains. For some, Vivah will give hope, that a perfect world like this is actually outside somewhere. But I'm a little cynical I guess. So give me Madhuri's cocktail in Hum Aapke Hain Kaun, to give me the brutal Salman of Maine Pyar Kiya, I'll even take that mischief Karisma Kapoor to Hum Saath Saath Hain. But save me from those dullards. You know, some marriages are not made in heaven. Vivah this one!
