If this documentary was not made by the famous French director, Louis Malle, I probably would turn it after the first 15 minutes, as it was an incredibly dull look in an ordinary Midwestern American city in 1979. This it's not exactly my idea of ​​a fun subject to the movie footage quite a collection of home movies. Considering I did not know any of these, it was even less interesting. Because it was a rather dull slice of life style documentary, I asked while looking at what the message was trying to convey? Perhaps it was that the values ​​are not as conservative as you might think - this was a hidden message across many of the stickers (like the Republican whose son was a draft resistor as well as the man and woman who thought outside sex marriage was just fine). Or maybe the significance was that there was a lot of prejudice to hide the beautiful city home - as many ugly ideas like blaming Jews for financial scheme, anti-Black preference and homophobia all were explained briefly. The small town in 1979 was explored in great depth and an idyllic world sort was described, but when the movie makers returned six years later, the mood was depressed thanks to President Reagan. This seemed very unpleasant for many reasons. First, the 1979 portion was almost 90% of the film and the final 10% only occurred in a few interviewers who blamed the president for just about everything but acne. What about the rest of the folks in this city? Have they all seen Reagan as bad or whose lives have become more negative? With only a few, he seemed suspicious. Second, while it is true that the national debt doubled in the years to intervene, so did the national gross product. And, while Malle shows 1979 as a very optimistic period, it was far from that, as the period from 1974-1980 featured a lot (gas, sugar, etc.), strikes, high inflation and general discomfort . While I'm not a big fan of Reagan because the government's growth did not slow down during his administration, the country, in general, was far more optimistic than it was in the years of Ford and Carter. While many of the media demonize Reagan (a popular sport of the 80s), the economy significantly improved and the documentary looks like one-sided and drive agenda. There was documentary to provide more protection in 1985 and did not seem too negative to believe (after all, everyone did not have life to worsen - this common sense challenge), then I would can be thought otherwise. /> <br /> Overall, not the wonderful documentary documentary has proclaimed it to be - from a dull movie in 1979 in a very slippery look in 1985. <br /> <br /> By the way, is it just me, or make the film DROP DEAD GORGEOUS seems inspired, at least in part, by this movie? Both are put in the same community, but the letter movie was a hilarious mockumentary without any abundance of seriousness.
