This ending sorrow Koen Wauters' career became my attention to 'Night of Bad Taste'. Judging by the comment comment I was not the first and I'm not to be the last person in Western Europe to learn that this musician (without doubt one of the best on our contemporary pop stage, even the Dutch agree on that) they tried an actor. Whether it should be the attempt or can not be judged. <br /> In 'Intensive Care' it is quite likable, but it seems to be uncomfortable with the flick in which it participates. No one can blame her. It deserves its placement at the Verheyen Hall of Fame by all means & standards. The story of the Murderous Maniac Who was supposed to have died in an accident but alive and angry was said dozens of times before, and even without an original torsion a director could deliver a story more than ever in innovative environments and cinematography. /> <br /> IC herself with a hospital wing and a couple of middle school homes. The speed is dull. The tense loses its smallest credibility in the musical scores, for every appearance of the murderer accompanied by a tense ominous tune, followed by orchestral crisis during tides, which are largely suggested and in any case such as blood a small budget can be done. The sex scene is free but not in the least appealing. The couple from Amsterdamned could do it work, though. While dealing with the topic subjects: the whole lead between Wauters and the girl does not work. A most effective emotional connection could be set on screen if they were just fellow-victims, who loosened the nerve half of the physical report. I will not even grant members the other dignity of a mention, so they should all have been cut up into small pieces. As a matter of fact, many of them do. These I remember obvious places for the genre: a beautiful nurse and two cops. <br /> Hence, in a slasher, the rider only comes in time to relieve himself. The hero (anti-) took the villain, especially in smart thinking, for ancient red berets do not often find part of the movies; they could overcome the illusion of invincibility surrounding the killer. Translated into the events, Wauters killed the doctor and saved the dame from distress. <br /> No one, I do not finish. This is not how the story goes. Wauters made her heroic attempts but beat her with an anger that came close to "An Orange Mechanism", so she was up to the girl to pick up the bloodthirsty killer assassin and pierce the brain doctor. Even though this method ensures that the killer's death is more than the usual rounds of 9mm bullets, the physician continues to live in order to enable IC to reach the 80 min mark. <br /> I should have made my point not right now. Intensive care is a bad movie, which can only be enjoyed by Bad Butt, who can verify Veriyen's Hatian's statement and make some up for themselves and this way try to sit in it. For example, (unintended) parody values ​​of the doctor's clown mask (Halloween) and the final showdown of the park (chase at the end of the 13th Friday). However, let me conclude by giving an overview by a few measure elements that give IC a little credit. George Kennedy is not one of them. All he did was hold a monologue horrific by a fellow doctor / French actor and watch their fears when they left him down to the flames in order to magnify his great name on a stand-in. He could have played his nude weapon parts again, to end up like beef, but with a longer time screen. The final can be one of them. I have never seen a maniac coming down to the launch of fireworks in his bowel in order to break it against a flexible fence. It's good for a laugh. <br /> No one really good point on intensive care ... Koen Wauters has learned his lessons and devotes himself entirely to his musical career. He told me how many editions in the Paris-Dakar race he was aborting before coming to his senses. <br /> <br />
