The principal and subjects of making a criminal realize that his victims were going to by capturing his family's hottest and exciting hostage. But this is just the interesting part that was also faced 20 years ago and quite delicately by director Ravi Tandon in his film "Jawab" (1985). The problem here is Ace Director Rajkumar Santoshi find himself in some sort of confusion as if to make it a rhythm action-thriller fast (viz. Khakee) or an emotions-rich heavy duty drama (Viz Damini) and this confusion is quite evident in the final result. If we ignore the two- Pukar (2000) and Laja (2001), this brilliant director has always provided us with a highly-prized entertainment movie. That movie is a surprise, as well as what made this sense of script The director goes for half of the cooking at both his protagonists - Amitabh Bachchan and Aryeman As the film is coming, audiences did not know who they hate and whom they are sympathized and with this factor is the biggest limiting force in the complete narration. Therefore, what starts as a war between a common person and a donation mud ending as Trange's notes to realization a self and regretted by the Don on what went wrong with his own family. The revelation of Don's son as a real baddie does not come as a surprise component of the climax that if compared to similar situations in 'Khakee' worked so effectively with Aishwarya's character. Not all, there are more In his life, a submarine donkey, operating from abroad looks quite logical.They has attracted landing in Mumbai from where he hopes to be ambiguous as well as running after his enemies and shooting them himself does not look credible, as opposed to rebel against Mr. Bachchan is not a good idea.But, however, films have some more points .Foto camera Ashok Mehta, the good fighting sequence (co-ordinator Abbas Ali Moughal), some well-known actors in Akshay Kumar At Half Ist, Santoshi's fast-paced slick treatment and of course Mr. Bachchan as usual tries hard to put some life into the characters. But all these things together do not make this look an exciting experience for you and your family you!
