Watching this again again, I find it happy to see how they are sincerely trying to bring the book off the screen, even though the shoestring budget and brute actors mean inevitable failure. By any measure of this goal was a disaster, but I found it easy to imagine how good a Lord of the Rings movie might be if someone made one sincerely - and the money employed the most talented artists with script writers . Unfortunately, thanks to Jackson, that will not be possible for a long time .. <br /> Watch this movie leaving me with the impression that with any sort of budget at all, then this story simply can not be saturated up. Fantasy just gives many opportunities to make an interesting movie. There were plenty of moments in this film that was potentially more exciting than the way Peter did it, although of course you still have to use your imagination due to the poor execution. The way they tried to show the world wraith from Frodo's point of view. Or how Galadriel showed Sam what happened back home to another. <br /> Another thing I really appreciate in this version - moments of silence. There were moments when dialogue was being talked to any background music against an always back-drop. Compare that in the ruthless swooping camera of the Jackson movie, with the lingering note that seemed to be stressful as each and every stage was the most intense and powerful scene we ever watched. Jackson's movie was full of their own importance, this was quieter and a lot more modest. <br /> Jackson and co-hit this with more than US $ 270 million in cost spending, at least $ 90 million more for marketing, a massive tax break from the NZ government, and also has massive savings in filming of NZ by the USA. However, despite the marketing claims, the intention to be faithful was never there. This is well documented. Philippa Boyens has said as much of an interview, when she was told to deliberately not re-reading the books before writing the script. Jackson also stated that they originally intended to make a fantasy film "on the lines of" Lord of the Rings, and that one of it really wanted to do was return to the king, because he had a lot of battles, but there is no character development. <br /> In contrast, this film was trying to be more true. Of course a lot of things were wrong, the act was terrible and pretty much shedding everything, and the pace was too fast. Of course they cut a lot, and adapt to other scenes, and for this they deserve credit. While Jackson has added a lot of action scenes that have served no reason to plot, Bakshi cut books stencils who did not do anything to advance the scheme anyway. There is actually a curious resemblance between the Jackson and Bakshi films of the film near the start - in that they both have particular original books of the same - although of course some of this would be coincidence. This was not a good movie, but the potential was there. Bakshi said in an interview to the AVI club onions which only animation could make the master in the ring of justice. His version did not work, but it might have been right.
