I have not seen this movie in a while, so I'm afraid I can not be very specific about details ... It has some interesting points. Ralph Bakshi's attempts at an animate adaptation of the prince J.R. Tolkien was a very ambitious project, so ambitious in fact that he goes bankrupt at some point during production. Therefore, not only he stopped suddenly somewhere around the middle of the second book of the trilogy (and sort of a shadow of a hint of an end that never did), the film itself seems less than finished. It seems that some characters have been animated while others were filmed, but whether it's intentional is hard to say. The whole thing seems to have been done with strip, especially the orchestra and the Nazgul. Another problem, of course, is the great gaps in the plot. Bakshi was in a hurry to finish this movie, and he somehow hoped to foam a book and a little bit more than two hours (new trilogy by Peter Jackson did it at about twice this time.) Too too many important bits were left out (and I did not refer only to Tom Bombadil, which, I think, was nice in the book, but would look funny in a movie.) And of course, the finish, which is completely sudden and out of place. I'm not sure if bakshi originally intended to end the movie, or if he even had any idea where it would end it. <br /> <br /> The characters ... well, most of them were okay. Hobbits are not so bad (except for the gay Sam Did you know that the new trilogy producers of originally wanted to have Sam a woman would have a feminine lead character?) If you're a Tolkien fan (like me '), watch this movie (though I'm not too sure about buying it .. Which special version of the DVD has, anyway?) But know in advance that you will not look a real' Lord of the Movie Rings 'but not much more than a historical curiosity, which probably looks no better than the 60s version would have been the Beatles being carried on with their plans (I actually think a psychiatric LOTR could be quite cool. The idea was to throw George as Gandalf, Paul as Frodo, Ringo as Sam and John as Gollum.) If you do not read the book or do not like it very much or you do not like animation films or you do not want to see a half movie finishing ... stay away.
