Obviously, I did not care for things to come up (aka "the shape of things coming") as much as most viewers. This means that there is a good chance that you will enjoy it more than I did. At any speed, you might find it useful to hear the movie described in another point of view. <br /> <br /> Led by William Cameron Menzies, who has experienced as much as a production designer and even more as an art director, this is a film adaptation by HG Wells in his own novel by the same name . In my eyes, it helps to demonstrate why a great novelist may not necessarily turn out to be a great senarist. The movie opens in 1940 in a London-like "Everytown". War is brewing and the citizens of Everytown have worried that it might reach them. It does. And it has become a decade-long affair that basically destroys civilization. Wells and Menzies keep jumping forward in time to show us different scenes related to the war and its consequences. We see two pilots, one that falls, comes to terms with the consequences of fighting. We meet a post-apocalyptic community led by a warlord. We meet a person from a futuristic society developed. We see how technology changes. Finally, we take full responsibility in the futuristic society around 2036, where leaders are struggling with merit to send people to the moon. <br /> <br /> That might all sound very potentially interesting, but it just does not work as a movie. Structural, the film is far too bizarre, and little dramatically tied it together. By the third segment, I completely lose interest in trying to keep track of the characters. I was barely able to sort them out of the first couple segments. There's a constant parade of new figures. We do not have to learn anything about any of them. <br /> It does not help that the individual segments, with a couple exceptions, tend to be ill-headed and edited. They are also occasionally manipulative - it can almost start to feel like a movie propaganda. But maybe contradictory, the segments are also somewhat cold and dry emotionally. <br /> In fact, one section above is more like a video video / video promotional video video. If features of vaccines in futuristic city buildings, and many large cars, many of welding, and so on. At one point, a guy who looks like a wave of astronauts in the camera of some kind of futuristic glass. The music for this section is somewhere between militarists and a tangled terror note. I can not say that things come to include materials engaged in terms of drama. But the common cry in support of things to come is that it is "a movie about mind". This may be true, but there is a couple problem with it if you look at that. One, he still does not work it's a movie, which is, like an artistic and dramatic dramatic work, and two, there are too many ideas presented here. <br /> <br /> The idea principle is that of war and what it does in civilization. That's a good thing to make a movie about. It was also remarkably prescient in the Second World War, as these things came scripted and filmed in 1935 (released in 1936). Wells has some interesting things to say about war, some of which go against the usual interpretation of the movie. For example, the finish seems to suggest that another war is breaking out, or will be at any moment. The message generally seems a pessimistic pervert. Wells seems to be showing that war is merely a part of human nature that can not be eradicated, although it does not prevent "progress" - in fact, maybe it combusts progress, at least indirectly. That would certainly be enough for a movie. However, there are many more ideas here. The scene between the two pilots is one of the more scenes of the film more intensively. It deals with a complex dilemma. One pilot fired the other down, but is now coming to help him. But the pilot shot down brought a poisonous gas that is now basking across the field. They can not even breathe the gas without harm. A girl comes together. They only have two gas-mask operated between them. The pilot shot down offered his mask, as he said he died anyway. What to do It's not that this scene itself can be lengthened from feature length, but the ideas - the rare complex of both help and trying to make each other in the middle of a war - are enough to build a movie on. > <br /> Another example. During the scenes presented the warlord would-in the post-apocalyptic environment, there is a nasty contagious disease called the "wandering disorder" going around. It looks like a victim of something like alcoholics. The usual procedure is to shoot victims on site in an attempt to suspend the disorder. This material is faced with as if it were a reflection. It is a great idea and deserves its own movie. <br /> Similarly, Wells introduced the future society as having social controversial ideas. That was enough for its own movie, too. It's just impossible to effectively deal with many things in 100 minutes, especially when it's supposed to be the newcomer to film in place of dramatic attractions. <br /> <br /> Still, there are reasons to give things to come at least one look. If you are at all a sci-fi buff, this is a historically important movie. Since Menzies' background, the production and design series are interesting, though the movie looks very dating. It's also interesting to see how Wells was either prescient or retrospective humor of his "prediction". I particularly liked to say the proportions of the moon, which was strongly reminiscent of George Méliès' 1902 A trip to the moon (aka Le Voyage dans la lune). Just do not expect too much from the things to come.
