There has been a vogue for the past years for often as non-ironic-related film, as well as other media incubators in the resurrected flesh. "Fido" is a movie that is either an attempt to cash in that, simply a manifestation of it, or both - and it falls downright in the category of ironic zombies. The joke here is that we get to see the dead in the context of a controversial context of a broadly stereotyped, egu-clean, alternate-story (we are in the wake of a great zombie war, and the animals are now being domesticated as slave) version of a neighborhood in 1950. <br /> It is a moderately sophisticated concept on its own, and enough perhaps for a five-minute comedy draw, but it can not hold a movie feature on its own. The jaw that corrupt corpses for the incongruous servants and this idealized version of a small town repeatedly over and over again, and loses all effectiveness. The Relax Soundtrack plays Sunny Melody while zombie cannibalizes spectators. The word "zombie" always enters a familiar family line for a cheap attempt at a laugh. <br /> <br /> Great and artificial in the representation of the "Fifty Centenary" here can not help but irritate me. It is so stylized, in it obviously "Pleasantville -" inspired way, that it is much more noticeable to winning markers in its 1950s-ness around than actually bringing any resemblance to anything that could happen between 1950 and 1959. There is something obnoxiously sneering about it, as if the movie boasts jumping and thinking about how more open, down-to-earth, and superior 2000s are. <br /> <br /> Because the characters are like the age representation of pop-culture 1950 "kind," it's hard to develop many emotional investments in them. Each has a characteristic feature some thrown in his or her - Helen is obsessed with appearances, and Bill loves golf and haunted him not having killed his father - but they remain quite two dimensions. The performance of this stressful writing is bad. The best is Billy Connolly as the Fido Zombie, who in the tradition of Boris Karloff's "Frankenstein" is actually true character and sympathy of a green lumbering monster that can not speak. There are tiny bitters of incompetence thrown around - commodity fetishism, racism, classism, paranoia war, and siblings, but none of it really works on a complete level, and the donors donate; really stick with anything. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film does not really get past sticking to the flimsy joke in "Look! Zombies in 'Leave it to Beaver!'" for a good-and-a-half hour.
