Problems with these types of movies are that literally dozens of them are made annually. Likely to use only a handful to give a theater release, while others are pushing straight into video or TV, like this movie. <br /> <br /> The first problem in this movie is really its originality. It's one of those movies that uses the Hard Hard Formula of a hard but troubled guy being in the wrong place at the wrong time. In this case it is a character played by Casper Van Dien, who works for a security agency that performs well testing procedures for companies and individuals. In this case he was sent to a cruise ship, which of course became aircraft. You can see this movie as a sort of mixture of "Hard Hard" and "Air Force One" and the film does not even try to hide those two movies being probably its biggest source of 'inspiration'. So, really, you can not consider this movie as an original one at all. She uses all the herbs from the book and this film really does not offer any surprises or anything that remotely resembles something original. As you can expect from a movie like this, it has a very weak script. Or rather say, it features some very lazy writings. As I said before, the feature film has nothing original, but also the real story itself features some elements that are far from chances and are just ridiculous fullest. I mean, escorting a large cruise ship with only about 8 men, which halves only carry some small weapons and then requires a ransom of 'only' 10 million dollars, for a boat that is worth 10 times the amount This money is already quite ridiculous. How are they even planning to divide money afterwards? Each person gets just over a million or something? This hardly profitable for such a big and risky undertaking. Then there is the case of taking hostages riders. Somehow managed to take all the passengers on the huge hostage and manage to put them in one room, with one guy and his pistol, which he can not even seem to have the right to look right. You have never seen more than 30 hostesses however, as if all were aboard at the time. Also, when Wind's character is looking for her son, she vices, no matter who room to walk in on the great cruise ship, they always hit each other immediately. Just some examples of writing in lazy in the movie. <br /> But it's of course is an action flick, so the story of course gets high. But then again, it's not as if this movie features any good action at all. Halve of the actors look as if they never caught a gun before and the movie is filled with some ridiculous-motion movements. It really gets ridiculous to the points .. Of course the film also does not feature the best actors, though I must say that Casper Van Dien really is not a 'bad action hero' and actor, as far away as the genre and B -film circuitry is concerned. It just however suffers from the same problem as Tom Cruise; no matter how old it is, it just never looks convincing enough to play dad at a teenager. Van Dien once started out as a promising new young actor but starring in movies like this really does not help her many career. It is probably a good thing, though it never really gives the opportunity to show it. All other actors also make a pretty good job, but the characters are just so formulary that they never really become interesting. <br /> Well, it's not the worst genre movie I've ever seen but it's not exactly the most original or memorable one either. <br /> <br /> 4/10
