Just in time to capitalize on the long-awaited film version of "Dreamgirls" is released in this melody-semi-forgotten 1976 music that also takes up the supremes as its inspiration. Published five years before Broadway's opening of "Dreamgirls" and partially set in the same period, she has a black majority cast and a story that revolves around a group of up-and-coming girls, and that's where the resemblance is fundamentally finished. Written by Joel Schumacher well before becoming a major-league director of mainstream studio products ("Batman Forever", "The Phantom of the Opera"), this film looks gritty on the surface. True form, however, Schumacher weakens the scenario and character development by injecting an abundance of glossy and eye-rolling one-liner covered. With little amusement for staging music numbers, Sam O'Steen, a film editor highly regarded by neophyte director, eliminates production as a low-budget film-film and a frustratingly episodic structure. Three Sisters Harlem - sexy sisters, self-just and sweet sparkle - as they sing in the church choir, meet smooth-talked but well-intentioned boys Stix and Levi, and then get their first taste of success as A group of songs - first as a sweater mall called their hearts and then as a glitzy trio known as Sisters and Sisters. But, of course, there are issues beyond the funny name for the group - Sisters become involved with nasty dealer drugs Satin Struthers who beat him and turn him into a junkie kunkin; Levi goes to prison to get caught in a drug-picking drug for Saturn; Stix gets frustrated by failures and enwisely turns on some Jewish mobsters for financial aid; Delores just gets pale overhead; And poor Sparkle little has to decide what kind of future it wants. A great big is that R & B great Curtis Mayfield wrote the atmospheric songs, some catchy and one, "Look At Your Heart," a real winner. <br /> <br /> The cast cast does its best under the composite circumstances. Lonette McKee's vibrant attempt to make a tragic face is cut by some of the ham-fisted tracks, including a sad Billie Holliday-like turn into the mike. Prior to being hit on television primetime, Filip Michael Thomas and Dorian Harewood show Stix and Levi with juvenile vitality if not very credible. The best work from Mary Alice in a relatively silent spin as the girl's mom's mother and a pre-named "Irene Cara" who effortlessly reluctantly to rely on the title role (though she suits her hair stylist should shoot for the horrible look of the final stage). The DVD just comes with the original trailer theater complete with a voice that can not be traveled by DJ Casey Kasem and a five bonus CD in the movie's movie by the original cast, but by Aretha Franklin in 1976 recording it at the soundtrack. It's not a horrible movie, just an interesting if missing curry that happens to cover the same strip as "Dreamgirls".
