I do not agree with many who have written and spoken about this assumed "masterpiece" in the German New Wave: <br /> <br /> 1) There are major flaws in simple displays, in the basic communication of critical point points, as related to Maria's abortion and the secret deal between Oswald and her husband. How many viewers have understood that the husband agreed, in exchange for substantial financial earnings, not returning and claiming his wife until Oswald died? <br /> 2) The very finish is not satisfied because arbitrary and accidental. The original schedule was called for suicide after Maria after reading Oswald's wishes, about finding that her husband was in effect selling their Oswald weddings. In the final version, however, Maria only runs water from a tap around her wrist in a suicide gesture. Maria is then reasoning to blow, rather than having to confront and live with the consequences of self-arrogance and moral compromises. <br /> <br /> 3) Fassbinder seeks strongly surprise the public about the private, personal. Unlike what criticisms and "experts" affirm, I do not think it works. Simply intrigue historical radio news or sounds in the jackhammers of German reconstruction in the band on the dramatic events of the film by making such historical events integral in the drama. There is selfish ambition to lift Mary out of poverty in prosperity to mean that the parallel is called the economic miracle of war Germany. Maria is so intent for a specific and reflective woman in her time and place, but is in fact unoriginal and nonspecific. Women have declared independence by using sex to make self-fulfillment. 4) Finally, there are several non-exemplary and unusual circumstances - Fassbinder's drug addiction and consequent impairment have had the effects. Those who do not know about the screen without ever seeing; Music is illiterently intrusive in places; and melodramatic posture sporadically substitute for acting. <br /> Strange, for a movie condemning a country for collective volunteer amnesia in the Holocaust, it itself never mentioned it once.
