Are you familiar with the concept of children's artwork? While not the great Picasso any three year old is accomplished with the fingers, you are encouraged to do more. If painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason a parent should keep that on a child. Typically, if a child likes to paint or design, you will immediately see the basis of future style. You will begin to see the real shapes of these very primitive doodles. Well, this concept of children's artwork is how I felt about the depressingly cheap Fuqua and Bait movie encyclopedia. While on every account he was a movie that surprised, it was impressive to see Fuqua's style starting to emerge in the same messiest of moments. If you've seen either Day Training or King Arthur, you will be impressed with the birth of this director at Bait his second film. While Foxx provides a pair of unchained performances, there are certain scenes that define Fuqua and demonstrate the brightness behind the camera. Unfortunately, it only appears in the last thirty minutes of the movie, but if you focus just on these scenes, you will see why Fuqua's name appears on the "Best" Movie List. <br /> I do not agree with someone that Fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. Its ability to spot a unusual camera in which the simplest transmitting of emotions is shocking. I am surprised that more in Hollywood has not flown aboard this movement. Even in the sophisticated feature feature, you are witness to Growth Fuqua's. Two scenes that come directly to their mind are the explosive scene near the movie and the horse scene close to the end. In both of these scenes I saw Fuqua's director at work. Alas, in the rest of this film, all I saw was a combination of almost every movie created by creators. The likable hero down on his luck that suddenly finds his life turned around by some unknown force is a classic structure that just needs to die in Hollywood. We've seen that two times, and no matter who you are (unless you are Charlie Kaufmann), you can not recreate the wheel. It is just impossible with this genre, and it is proven and knit. I was annoyed with Fuqua for just sitting back and allowing this to happen, which could explain why she took me three look at finishing this movie. I was just tired of the structure, and while I was hoping that Fuqua would redefine it, it was not. Then there was the act. While Jamie Foxx never impressed me as an actor, I wanted to give this machine a try. I wanted to see if he could pull another dramatic role similar to Collateral. I was under the impression that perhaps this movie was chosen to show producers that Foxx can handle the role of collateral. Again, I was disappointed. Foxx was annoying. Not in the sense that it was the way that her character was due, but in the sense that she felt as if neither Fuqua nor Foxx took time to train all trains Foxx on what would be ad-libed and what should be used more plot a. Instead, we are downtrodden and stage scene Foxx just trying to make the audience laugh. Adds second-hand with culture statement just holding her audience to understand that it was a comedy first, a second actor. Fuqua should stop this immediately. Foxx's joke destroyed her character, which in turn left me with nothing solid in the grasp. Instead of character development, it would crack a joke. Neither style worked, no jokes were funny. The remaining cast was average. Then I mean I've seen them all in similar roles. They had nothing new to shine on the table, there was nothing solid in the story, and nothing substantial the general themes of the movie. They were picked up in dead air space. Fuqua had no control over this disruption, and the final verdict only supported the allegation. <br /> <br /> In general, this was a sad movie. With no creativity in eyes and actors without restrictions trying to lift themselves, which originally started as a decent story eventually shed faster at quicksand in cinemas. Foxx was annoying, without character lines, and a complete bag of cheese. At each stage I saw no emotion, and when emotions needed to convey a message, he chose to take his shirt instead of tackling the issues. Does my words say? I do not think so. When you watch any movie you want to see some creativity, there are some edible characters, and themes that seem to strike close to the house. And there are none of these. While I'm going to give Fuqua some credits for two of the scenes in this movie, the remaining five hundred have been disastrous. Apparently, I took the bait when renting this movie, but now see it, hopefully I can stop others from taking that curious core. <br /> <br /> Class: ** from ***** (for her two scenes that were fun to watch)
