WATERDANCE (1991) The main character in Waterdance, played by Eric Stoltz, finds himself in a rehabilitation center and some others as wounded. And he must face a harsh new life, imprisoned in a wheelchair. It is an interesting, and promising property, but unfortunately, it fails to deploy. What indices are largely Hollywood schmaltz, and some interesting moments. Certainly the cast (Eric Stoltz, William Forsythe, Wesley Snipes, et al) is brilliant, and doing well here as one would expect, but their talents are wasted. Characters are mostly stereotypes of one type or another, and most of them are quite unlikeable (the character Snipes being the exception). I think this is some kind of attempt to break into the mind of the disabled people being "disabled" or "weak", not describing them, for the most part, as in-face-price, but it does for an experiment entirely annoying. Admittedly, it will show you something of the permanent disabilities going in, in a way that does not soften or romanticize, which is useful, and a good idea, but while the process being shown can be one person difficult to get along with, and this is worth dealing with, it does not belong to the parcel that these characters must, in their varying degrees, despicable. They should not have Disneyfied, either; surely there is a middle ground somewhere. By the conclusion of the movie, Eric Stoltz the character came to accept his image as a disabled person, but since he is such a narcissistic flicker monster since the beginning of the movie in the end, we could not care less. <br /> <br /> In addition to its character's problems, the film suffers from strange syndrome that many Hollywood movies suffer from; The syndrome does not really have an official name, but you might call it "Inflatable Syndrome Syndrome". It goes something like this: characters crap the crap from each other, and then without much such an apology, all is forgiving (an especially obnoxious example this is in the movie The Breakfast Club, in which a character spends most of the movie verbally bullying in earshot; as a result they love it .In one of the latest examples, Spiderman 3, Sandman 's supervisor lays waste in a piece of Manhattan, then wave over Spiderman for what looks like about 15 minutes of monotone before being swung off and what the number of "bee, now"). The most blatant IFS example of Waterdance is a sequence of which, after being called the n-word by William Forsythe's biker character and his friends in the previous scene, the Wesley Snipes character who reads it The Forsythe character character even in the next stage, as if nothing had just happened just a while. Once again, without so much as a "Oh yeah, sorry about this business back to me, you know, call you the word". It makes me wonder, do these people actually watch these movies before they are released, or they just movie them with the eyes closed, kind of slap together in the editing room according to scene number, and call it a day's work?
