For those who have little time at hand, I'll sum it up quickly, in one word ... pathetic. There are a lot of good examples why this film fits perfectly under this description. So much so that you can barely go through 2 minutes of screen time without seeing something completely stupid and freeware forced on you. Want a completely naked woman in the first 10 minutes? You got it! The reason it appears is gratuitous though that it really sets the tone for the rest of this piece of juvenile crap. You can almost glimpse into the deluded minds of the 12 year old boys who wrote this piece of waste just by watching this crap that they expect the public actually pay for !! ?? !!! I watched many films a split franchise over the years, but American Pie; Beta House was to be one of the worst offenders when you consider that despite the average nature of the original movie, it's still a thousand times more funnier than this too. <br /> <br /> The draw is predictable, and sometimes you actually feel like watching a school play. Things that happen in this film are so unrealistic that it takes a lot of suspicion of disbelief actually watching it (we're talking Star Wars Level suspension, as the kind you need to convince yourself Jar Jar is real) <br /> <br /> The plot is thin paper and especially the transient events are only there to show another pair of nursing or setting up another pathetic joke. There is no talent to talk about, all you have to find is a bunch of nice boys trying to make us laugh. And ohhh how to weaken !!!! Each gag collapsed flat and the only thing I laughed at was how socially ignorant scriptwriter appeared. What else can you explain to these bulls to spend as a story? They spend every opportunity doing something worthwhile and entertaining in favor of badly written, common to common denominator. Characters must complete a set of workloads before they are accepted as members of Beta House, but this is faced with especially by a series of very short installations that are meant to complete their work, but we see little no evidence of it actually passed. It's a very lazy way to tell a story. It also misses the opportunity to be funny in doing so. (Imagine telling the Wizard in Oz where all the important events have passed the screen instead of it, and all we see is Dorothy's high-dive scarecrow every now and again and says "Gee that sure was a great adventure we just returned then ") Lazy. Lazy. LAZY !!!! <br /> <br /> The female characters have little or nothing to say. All that is done is to get naked for any apparent purpose and used as the most accessible visual in most of the film. Your braindeads that only seek T & A will not be disappointed, but for this reason only be ashamed of you. If you buy this on DVD you will be contributing to the fall of society in your own special way. Congratulations.
