Stifler, finished his naked milestone, is now going to Beta House. Crazy things happen, people run around naked and nerds made fun of and this series is dead in the water. The naked mile was a crap movie, but I found it to be significantly better then Band Band. It seems they've gone back to what did not work for them and shows they do not care either. You can tell where the target audience is and nail it perfectly. Young boy who likes to see naked women, humorous noise and drinking beer will love Beta House, everyone else can look very far. Star Wars has become a massive success that expects audience and it's ahead of its time special effects. Lord of the Rings has created an entire world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzle the eye. The matrix changed the way the action and sci / female films made, especially with cut off the special effects corner. With all the advancement of technology, we are eagerly awaiting the next big things that will have our cheeks falling to the floor. Then comes American Pie: Beta House, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. When people created vessels, landscapes and animals using CGI, Beta House decided to use this technology to create sperm seeds. Yes, the thing that creates life, the thing you see many times in porn movie created and time slowed down to show us the white shot to shoot on the room on a teddy bear. Is this funny? Disabling? Ni? Beta House shows more nudity then the naked mile, which is surprising considering the previous titled installment. Does the movie need it? Of course, is it still advanced the scheme, is it ever? Did he ever get a laugh? Has he ever found the boy excited? Yes women are beautiful, but if I am one who thinks there is too much nudity then you might as well just have made a porno. Women who capture the affection of our main character are beautiful and do not annoy the viewer, like girls before they did in the series, but not once I've ever believed this character would never do what he did. I'm pretty sure every action from the characters in the movie are far from realistic. The American Americans series has dropped out of a real world in a fantasy world. None of these events in this movie would ever happen, if they ever did then I need to go to this school IMMEDIATELY. Is this movie supposed to make people feel like they have a good time? Well it's not, we're watching them have a good time, at the end of the film we hate them for their fun. <br /> There is a scene "Deer Hunter" in the movie, but to make it "funny" for today's hearing they have decided to replace bullet horses. Are you laughing again? Instead of shooting themselves and saying sperm at the head, or facing, they put the gun in their mouths. Are you on the floor again? Our first time featuring Stifler's roommate, he had sex with his girlfriend. Are you cheering in the stripping again? The first movie seems like it will be about the boys trying to get into the frat house, but then it's schedules are already being in the frat home, but that need to do certain tasks. Then it changes to a competition between nerds and the boys. He goes a little "Revenge of the Nerds" on us for a bit and looks out of place. I honestly do not know what the movies are about because it goes all over the place. Most of the comedy seems forced for shock values. Even at the start with the father showing his son the list of people he had sex with. The joke is in a place, I think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last in the list, or it might have been that one of her friend's mothers was in the list. Either one does not work. <br /> I guess if you have not guessed it yet, this movie is not funny. Neither it seems to be focused, the story is pathetic and the so-called humorous bit that the series was known for no shock. Skip this lamental installment to any future future as well. I do not know why I've seen all the entries in the series, but for some sex reasons they seem to have found their way into my eyes.
