Drew Barrymore is an actress who has gone through a bad period, not only in his career but also in his personal life. After she was a prodigal child actress she descended into obscures and films of low quality. While he recovered from the dark past, this movie remains as a reminder of Drew Barrymore's worst day. The movie begins with an interesting site, very reminiscent of Brian De Palma's "Cain Lift"; and a plot to deal with multiple personality disorders that lay the story for a horror / suspense. Barrymore star as Holly Gooding, a young woman who is trying to make a new life in California after a traumatic event in her past in which apparently her other personality killed her mother. <br /> <br /> Suddenly, her past returns haunt her as her personal identity is back in her life to ruin her new peace and find her new and found love. In the middle of his new boyfriend, Patrick Highsmith (George Newbern) tries to help Holly face the demons of his past. In contrast to De Palma's religious thriller, "Doppelganger" is for the most part of a film which has not only never fulfilled its purpose but also concluded in one of the worst terms in film history . While Barrymore is definitely not at her best, she manages to maintain her dignity with a higher performance than average. The rest of the cast however ranged from mediocre malicious sub-performances, although Leslie Hope managed to be among the best of them. The script is all the clay and influence of Palma is quite obvious. While the film is trying to be original by making literary references in almost every line, dialogues are dull and wild acting certainly does not make any good. It has a fair part of stripping and for strange reasons, with excessive use of special effects. Effect of make-up is done by the exceptional KNB and really among the good things in the movie. However, ridiculously over-utilizing the effects of totally out of unfinished context reduces the impact of KNB's work and makes cheesy what in a different film would be amazing. <br /> The fact that this is a B -Movie there is no excuse for it's low quality, as with a better script and more adherent this could be an interesting movie. Unfortunately, all we have here is a movie that worsens every second. Worth for Barrymore's beauty. 3/10
