Try to conceive of something as insipid as the SENTINEL would be very difficult. Many problems. The result is terrible and packed with trailing holes. Michael Douglas star as Pete Garrison, a secret service agent who "took one" for Reagan during the attempt on his life. Years later we get Pete assigned to Whitehouse Family, especially as the Guardian for the First Lady (Kim Basinger, L.A. Confidential). Difficulty arises as we see Pete's close involvement with the First Lady, and a sudden threat to the President himself (David Rasche, UNITED 93). When Pete failed a polygraph test, he was targeted out as an agent cheated by investigator David Breckinridge (Kiefer Sutherland, 24 TV series) .. As Presidential Murder president unfolds, Pete finds himself on the run from his own person . Confidently she is the first Lady, and she hesitates to tell anyone about their affection for each other (which is why Pete failed the polygraph in the first place). But is Pete really innocent? Or is it simply trying to buy time until it can kill the President? If he is innocent, how can he help prevent the assassination attempt while running out of the Secret Service? <br /> One, great, overwhelming problem with this movie is that there is no justification for the reasons behind the presidential threat. Is not that the movie is supposed to be over? One would think so! But the audience never let go of why the killer (s) want to kill the Prez. Hmm. Someone forgot to put that in the script somewhere? <br /> <br /> And what's new partner David Breckinridge (Kiefer's), Jill Marin (Eva Longoria, CARLITA'S WAY)? It seems that he has put in the movie forbidden as a piece of a $ candy -. What was his goal again? Did he do anything else than look beautiful in tight pants and a low-cut blouse? <br /> There are many problems with the basic quiz of the Sentinel as to be ridiculous. The action is too easy to stymied by "What is ...?" The answers are sure to be explained by people who are unfortunate enough to watch the movie.
