... that Jamie Foxx would ever deliver such a wonderful, Oscar-winning performance. One of the reasons I was so impressed with Foxx's performance in "Ray" was because they watched her ami, reckless acting in movies like "Bait" and "Booty Call," I would never imagine she'd ever hold the Oscar . If people told me five years ago that Jamie Foxx was one day away to win an Oscar, I would laugh right in the face. What do you know? Perhaps it was better to stick to drama, because if you watch "Bait," it's obviously that comedy is not his strong. I swear, Jamie muged so much in this movie that I am surprised her face did not fall. And why should he make these stupid voices at every chance he or she has? Anyone familiar with comedy like Bob Newhart and Steven Wright knows that comedy does not require being loud and obnoxious. If a joke is funny, it's funny. If it's not funny, then make some crazy accents will not make it any funnier. The problem I have with some comedians who decided to act is that they favor getting laughs about being in character. In real life, normal people do not always have witty comebacks and cripples. Like Albert Brooks said in an interview to discuss his character in "Taxi Driver," it is important to be funny as your character, rather than to be funny as a comedy. An example of Jamie's first violation of this rule is the nauseatingly awful scene where the mug shots are taken, and it begins to be photographed as a model. If a regular person was cast in jail, did he really have to go wrong while taking shots? And would not police try to draw him if he was? There are many scenes like this throughout the movie. Another terrible sequel is one where Jamie is on the sick on the phone with the villain, and he begins to make a casual Caribbean accent. Not funny! Not to mention Jamie never seems to recognize the timing of a joke. Giving a comedy performance requires patience, while it goes straight to the punchline, whether it's the right time for it or not. I'm not even a big Mike Epps fan, but even his performance is good in comparison to Jamie. As a matter of fact, this is the first time I felt somewhat relieved whenever she appeared on the screen. Epps have flaws even when it comes to comedy, but at least it chooses a lower-key approach. One of the brightest spots of this clunker in a comedy is David Morse, a very renowned actor especially known for his support role as bandits. He seems to be the only actor in the movie concerned with his base in reality. However, fellow "Green Mile" star Doug Hutchison is disgusting over-the-top as the villain. A great surprise, considering giving a superb performance to the "Green Mile," also plays a heavy. Antoine Fuqua has proven his direct hit in movies such as "Replacement Killers" and "Training Days." Even in "Bait," it shows he can lead a hell in a sequence of actions. His only problem seemed to be in discipline Jamie Foxx, who probably imprinted the script half with a bad joke after another. Unless you're a dead-hard fan of Foxx, please do not take the bait.
