I can not believe we've looked at this total crap piece but we did have to warn other people to avoid it at all costs. When one of the main characters announces that it is gay twice in the first five minutes, do not ignore it as normal typical PC and face it gets better because it will not. If his faggoty companion hangs on it does not make you sick, then be thankful to the freak who has written and / or directed this grossout is somehow trying a little bit of constraint. I mean, get real. It's one thing to have to be a gay character displayed in a movie like getting up on like this, but quite another to have it always slapped on the screen and examining up close and personal when notes are clearly explicitly stated flick is supposed to be on a mother seeking some sort of "close" on the sudden death of her daughter. What one thing has to do with the other, one can be tempted to ask? Apparently, the two issues are interwoven secrets. But if that was not bad enough, there's the skin lady in the ice cream parlor. I mean, seriously, no poor women have ever heard of electrolysis? Why should he go around? At the very least, how about to cut off these ugly things, and while you're in it, they have these horrible terrible removes, too. Would you pull up some ice cream just to serve you? I think not. It must be something New Jersey. <br /> <br /> You would think Diane Keaton might save that piece of drek, but think again. Is it actually trying to put lipstick on a corpse? I do not even want to think about it. So what if the body was supposed to be in his own daughter died. This grotesque excuse for movies is slipping from the word goes and that's all there in it. One willingness that each of these characters would simply walk out of the waves and just keep going. None of the same ones at the same time get our sympathy for a moment. Trust me - pass this piece of crap. It's not about death, a mother who inadvertently suffocates her daughter, or even the other more heavy problems she keeps wearing up no matter how little you want to hear her. It's a burden of perverted garbage from an unkind and talentless director.
