The plot of this horrible film is so entangled that I have put warning warnings because I'm fine if I give anything away. The first audience saw some people in the Jack Ripper sheltering an old man in a bloody hundred years ago. Then we up to modern day with a young Australian couple looking for a home. We give an incredibly long journey to this house and the husband sees a figure in an old mirror. Some 105 years old woman lived there. There are also large panels covering a wall in the hole. An old straight-razor fashion fall out when they're renovated and the husband keeps it up. I guess it gets owned by the razor because it starts to have strange dreams. Oh yes, the couple is able to have a baby because the husband is shooting empty spaces. <br /> <br /> Some molds seem to climb the wall after the couple removed the iron panels and the mold has the shape of a person. The end of the story has a draw on a huge cache of money and the husband killed the bodyguard & a co-worker and steals the money. His wife is suddenly pregnant. <br /> What the hell is going on? What knows ?? NO explains. Is the 105 year old female child in the serial killer? Sister of the baby? WHY were panels to put on the wall? How to keep the killer killer in the cellar? Has he been locked down by his family & hunger of death or just hiding? WHO is Mr. Hobbs and why is it so desperate to find the shutters? He never saw him again. WHY was the killer murder killer? We only see one of the old man murdered. Was there a pattern or motif or something? WHY does the woman suddenly conceive? Is it immersing the demon of the serial killer? Is she managed to infiltrate her husband's sperm? And why, if the husband could prevent and kill a big, security guard, can he not support his wife? And just how powerful is the voltage system in Australia that it would hit him across the room simply off a light wire? And why does the woman stay at home? Is it now owned by the serial killer? Will the baby be the reincarnated killer? <br /> <br /> This movie was such a frustrating experience I wanted to call my PBS station and ask for my money back! The only profitable one in this story was to see the husband running around in just his boxer shorts for a lot of the time, but even that could not buy this chaos, chaos mess.
