German black can Jörg Buttgereit apparently has fans - but I do not know why, and I'm definitely not one of them! The Buttgereit movie only I'd seen was already Nekromantik and I was hated every minute of her, but - shocking - this movie gets worse! Todesking is pointless in the same way as Nekromantik, but it's a movie worse because it's boring in a way that some movies have ever managed (it's not far from the Blair Witch Project, seriously). Some people say that this film is 'sick' and 'shocking', but it really is not. The principal can make a point on death, but only he knows what it is. How could someone watch this movie and be anything other than bored and it is completely beyond me. The film turns on the theme of suicide, and follows the deaths of seven different people over the course of a week. Yes, it means we have a sense of boring and boring for Monday, a sense of boring and boring for Tuesday, a sense of boring and boring for Wednesday etc. etc. This movie managed to be even more boring than my average week! "The Todesking is apparently an 'art' movie, although this would appear to be a reference on the road that does not make much sense rather than a reference to the movie bringing any resemblance to 'art.' Each segment of the movie means that tell a separate story - but it does not! We just get a little quick draw on suicide, and it only makes you wonder what the point. The movie feels like it should be deep, but there is a big Big canceled where the intelligence should be and nothing has to fill it. Buttgereit uses a few evocative images; but I'm easy to remember any of them for more than a week or so because this movie is just not memorable. Injections that involve a man's decomposed body that is often fairly common, but that gets old very fast and all you are leaving with is the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. If I have struggled for good things to say On this crap, all I can think of is this; the title sounds cool. As I mentioned, Nekromantik is the only other movie I've seen this direct amateur land; I have copies of Schramm and Nromromantics 2, and now I'm really in no hurry to look either. Todesking is a dull movie with no point and anyone who calls it 'art' is a lot of mistakes. Give her a miss.
