In order to avoid confusion, let me clarify a couple of points: I'm not a red blow. I'm not a moderate nor conservative. On the contrary, I am a radical: a liberator. I'm not a WASP either, I was not even born in the United States. <br /> <br /> Jorge Luis Borges has said that some people do not feel poetry, and that sad people usually earn poetry living poetry. This film was made by and for those who do not feel poetry, not and show-compromises; and I give them say, not and for those who have no sense of descent or, for that matter, respect for the lives of others or death (especially when the victims think they must be especially 'without imperialism' dead in Yankee soil.) I even get the original marketing idea of ​​the eleven episodes of eleven minutes, nine seconds and one frame as particularly scary and repulsive. Just plain terrain. Why did not they give a budget of many dollars per episode as people were brutally murdered in the assault? The whole idea remains somewhere between stupidity and reckless fascism. Anyone who is serious about film-making (and serious about life and death) should have angrily refused to participate in this recollection of innuendoes and non-sequencer. With two exceptions: The epic of Burkina Faso - almost amusing - with the one from India - which documents the story of a man who was unjustly and poorly investigated in relation to the attack, on the basis that after that he did not, he returned home and was an American Muslim (and, the truth said, when the facts were known he was honored as a hero). All nine new episodes, essentially and very boring and emotional, can be cited in two different categories: <br /> <br /> First: 'I do not care about thousands of victims: Americans, aliens, children, teens, old, old-timers ... 'and can be resumed in pure pains and lack of emotions. Makhmalbaf (Iran); Lelouch a (France) I'm afraid I'll commit a heresy since she's in the Lelouch, but perhaps her episode might be considered built on an idea that might be considered as nearly original; Tanovic a (Bosni-Erzegovin); Gonzalez Inarritu (Mexico); Gitai (Israel); Penn's (USA) <br /> <br /> Second: 'Yankees are worthless'. And they can be resumed in frustration and hatred. Chahine (Egypt) vindicates suicide bombers; Loach (UK) considered reckless 9/11 attacks had some kind of punishment for alleged support in the USA of the Chilean dictatorship led by the serial-killer Pinochet Augusto, in fact someone should inform Mr. Loach that the victims Pinochet was not related to Al-Qaida and that Chile is a South American country that the only existence Mr. Bin Laden should be ignoring, it should also be informed that the US government sanctions against the Chilean dictatorship were harder than any other sitirri a; and, Imamura (Japan) windingly points out that WWII relating to the WTC attack. Imamura was at least coherent in this: The supposed cause effect that is linked is entirely meaningless, which plays well with his episode including a man who believes himself to be a snake. He claims to be obscure. It is, rather, quite funny. There are some types of errors shared by many, including some Americans, and included in the belief that this film was not commercially screened in the United States because of some kind of censorship. There is nothing more out of the truth: This film has not been screened in the United States because it is a complete fiasco. A fiasco of the wackyest type. Even in Buenos Aires, where Peronism and other forms of fascism are closer and dear to the heart of a sizable number of its people, and anti-American is in vogue, the film was screened in living rooms hurrying to convert into theater, and He was applauded by a highly selected public: The sad sad abyss that regularly lend their applause to equally 'strange' performances. Like the eye of McDonald's fast-food restaurant or, perchance, a Jewish elder, burned ashes.
