When I go out of the video store to rent a movie I usually trust the IMDb's opinion on a movie and, until this one, never saw an advertising ad rated 7.0 or higher on the site I did not enjoy . Sidney Lumet, a legendary director of some of the best films in the 20th century, really dishonest here is not one of the biggest errors of a movie cinema: complete cast a movie and character unprecedented with no real type of whimsing too. <BR> <br /> I love films and flawed characters, but no matter how personality someone's darkness is we all have a bit of light in there too, we all shades of gray and some darker or brighter than others. Mr. Lumet cross this line by filing this movie with totally unsympathetic and almost masochistic pitch-black character. Hank is a 30-something vulnerable, immature, irresponsible man-child divorced in a marriage and a wife who hated her with a daughter who thinks she's a loser, which she is very much. His involvement and willingness to let others do the job for him because he was too hunting to make it himself direct directly to the flight plans of the banks falling apart and mom getting killed. Since he stands up to his older brother at the end of the film, it's more pathetic than uplifting. Ethan Hawke plays his character well, but is not given much to work and as it is described as someone with a perpetually booty stamped on their face and not 'particularly carefull that he's there. Speaking of what her character's wife is also as bad. Just about every single shot of the movie she's in it verbally berating her for rent and child support funds and more grinding of her non-existent self-esteem and insult. Seriously, it's just about all the characters to do. Her harpy-like company about malignant. Albert Finney plays daddy's father, and while Mr. Finney had a great actor for many decades, she spent about 90% of this movie and the same mouth opened half grimacing on her face 'as he suffered from the worst of the world in constipation. For someone who was an actor as long as Mr. Finney, you think it would be more of emoting. Even if he does not show it much, his character is supposedly grievous and angry-filled. But when he filmed Andy to the conclusion of his film in the analogue of Dr. Frankenstein put the monster he helped create out of his own misery. Marisa Tomei does not give much to do with her character. Join a happy marriage with Andy and have a deal with her brother for some reasonable purpose. When Andy's world starts spiraling out of control it logically jumps ship, but it really does not make it less selfish or self-serving than any other character in the movie but probably the one with the most common sense at least. <br /> And finally we come to Andy, played by Philip Seymour Hoffman's still good, is the only reason I rated this movie a 3 instead of a 1. her performance of the addictive hero, removable The financial executive of "perfect crime" of robbery parent insurance store jewelry goes awry is mesmerizing. His descendant from calm master planers to a disruptive unstable plot, disrupting homicidal threats is credible and tragic. Hoffman's character ends up being the ruler of the movie, but it's hard to root against him to the alternatives is a emotionally warm little brother and a self-admitted father, the parent early brought to his son's ultrasound her and indirect, unintentional murders of her mother. Finally this film is really only worth watching for the PSH's great performance and the tracks of its relic trains. Just do not expect to be any character worth cheering for, because there really are not.
