Based on personal experiences at the time of John Singleton's director at the University of Southern California, higher learning is coming. A film centered on the racial policy that occurs in modern day colleges. There are three main characters that are based in the base of his foundation for his story: Malik Williams, a lowbrow athlete against who is an American Indian man. Kristin Conner, a soft girl protects soft, and Remy, a cunning who does not connect white men. All three are overcome by sudden reality that college life is not as well as it is released as all three go to deception by being prepared (Malik), not being naive (Kristin), and by being ( Remy). > <br /> A good thing about the movie is that it shows that modern American colleges are just writing high schools. Colleges are not places to build characters, develop potential, or enhance personal advancement, but they are used to gather all types of students into a single-size-fits atmosphere. It is an experience that is usually built for failures for most students. It would be good if the movie built its history on this travesti rather than the racial policy. <br /> But it was not with this where the films fell apart. Singleton, it seems, had a very bad experience in Southern California. Through this film it allows it all to hang out. There is no need to beat around the bush here. Singleton allows heroes and bandits in this piece to be easily seen. <br /> <br /> The black characters in the movie are pretty much seen as the heroes here while all the white in the movie are seen as the bandits, save for Kristin, who was raped not a fellow student. Who can understand the inconsistencies of this movie? Black gang members come to help a white girl after he points out that supposedly violated it? Ease that the black gang members are in the university while a bunch of people on top of hair encountered a black sleeping black sleeping planet? The performances of Omar Epps (Malik) and Kris Swanson (Kristin) are disappointing. They seem like the third choices for the role that they played in this film (Tupac Shakur and Drew Barrymore were supposed to play Malik and Kristin but were available). O'Shea Jackson aka Ice Cube, Busta Rim, and Regina King were all disappointing in their respective roles. And Laurence Fishburne was terribly miscast here as the storyteller. Only Michael Rappaport did well in this movie and he did consider that his character, in the three main characters, changed the most in the movie. John Singleton wanted to take on the issue of race and inequality in American life and this college life. And he did so well. It was sort of killing a fly with a shotgun. Life is more complex than it looks like the people gathered all over it should know it. Higher Learning is proof that he did not understand this at all. See the movie, then and now would only confuse, disappoint, and even the public it would want to talk to. Not to mention it would not entertain them in the slightest.
