Singleton has some serious issues he has to get to attack. I get the feeling that he thinks it is very smart; However, this movie is almost comical and self-righteous. In addition, there are a lot of "can-do-right" messages like when our local Nazi site gets hit. I mean, who's the right idea that will be rooted for a bunch of Nazi strokes? However, it's the way Singleton shows the "fight" is downright funny and seems to be designed to show us more superior fighting the types of protagonists than anything else. There is another "bad guy" (in fact a drunken frat boy) who raped one of the protagonists in the movie. In this example, I think Singleton actually does a great job showing that it is probably a situation all too common when the woman involves asking the frat boy to use a condom and it either does not have one or does not want to use only one. At any event, he does not accept his request that he ceases and continues to report while in spite of his plea. I think this kind of rape is all too common and in fact many people are denied accepting the fact that it is even a rape. Well, there is no means to say, this is a rape, which probably happens to many of the universities across the country. <br /> Having established the rape, how does Singleton deal with it? When the frat boy tries to call the woman, his roommate refuses to put the victim on the phone, at which point the frat boy calls the roommate a "black bitch." The turbulent collocation seems appealed to a cube in ice cube, et al, who then continues to physically humiliate and abuse the frat boy by repeating and extending "exquisite" of roommate for his racist remarks; however (apparently in Singleton's mind) the least crime of rape not mentioned. Again, no one really should feel sorry for the frat boy; However, Singleton seems to be sending a dual message that a racist comment is a major offense then rape and in any event violence justified against jerks. What finally disappointing is that this movie might have really been about something important but Singleton, while no doubt a talented director, does not appear to have maturity or depth pulled into something of this magnitude.
