I do not understand why people would praise this waste. It's bad, stupid, unrealistic, awful, and just about everything else. The film is a view of life, racial issues, prejudices, and everything else that is unusual to attend college. This is where it fails. He has no grasp of reality. From the very meaningful essence of the movie as for example <br /> A black man kicked down a white man with a gun, the black man and stopped at the security guards handcuffed and carried out while The gun will run even past. Even the white man escapes people from a roofing topic that stops and battered down to the same black man then stop and give a Rodney style style to beat while the gun man runs free while a Sometime later they were chased down by just one of the four guards. <br /> <br /> As a review previously pointed out Several 230lbs white men were beaten down by several blacks who weigh around 160lbs including 105lbs to rhymes <br /> <br /> Another crucial fever in film In the main features of the main refreshing funds. From people scared and confused white and mean, angry, and yet legitimate (?) Dark people. It's almost as a reproach to both black and white people. I'm a white man and I know many blacks and mypanic who agree that this movie is wrong to show character and gives them the only characteristics due to their race. <br /> <br /> The scenario that I'll explain now turns around three characters. One of a black athlete, the other is a confused white-scared girl posing her sexuality, and the third is a white man who is also confused and scared, then blames her problems on black people in which she becomes a nazi later in the movie. They all have their share of problems and adventures including sex, rape, battles, love, hatred, prejudice, racial warfare, and oh yeah do not forget education. Which all comes down to the end of the fatal shooting out. At that point back into boring life and think "being white is bad". Is this so much sound like your college year? Did not think so. I do not think the director went to college especially if he had done this terrible mess. Overall this is a really bad, bad, ugly movie. If you want to see a more accurate look or racial issues go to American History X. If you want to see a more accurate look at Renting Porkys College. Just avoid this mess.
