This is one of the most sad movies in the 90's. I would not recommend it if you have something better to do. <br /> <br /> This photograph presents African Americans as wild, uncultured, violent, inarticulate, reefer-smoked sociopath. Fudge (ice cubes) and poses it to the homies are continuously disrespectful toward others in the dorm, not only the white, but Asian people, and they are never disciplined for their actions. Although all these tolerances are kept on the plain and weeping over the evil white oppressors who run their lives and stand in their way. In fact, Foudge's influence is causing Remmy to go headlines, leaving college, and eventually killing Malik's girlfriend. pad off campus and generally stay away from everyone else. They never blunder the music to harass people or tackle the police. They commit serious crimes such as battery and rape, but they are not as rhythmic or threatening as Fudge and Dreads (Busta Rhymes). There are a lot of material in this film that almost offends me or makes me giggle. Some of it is as follows. <br /> <br /> Fudge and Dreads are declared as students of the Columbus University yet we have never seen them in class and it is completely clear how to pay tuition. One is only to let speculate that the weed lodges have something to do with their finances. Even if they are students in what looks like a private university, they can not speak one line in good English. Characters are developing only in compulsive support with xenophobia. It appears that Kristen Drunken (Christ Swanson) knew exactly why drunken Billy took it to her home. He even asked him to get a tire so that they could start. The fact that she penetrated her without a condom became a rape also would have great sex only if she had one handy. Then Kristen was assured by Taryn (Jennifer Connely) that she had no responsibility in this matter, and despite voluntarily jumping in bed a guy was not ready for sexual intercourse and was virtually taking advantage of a sexual predator. Then a week or so later he met, and slept, an ultra-sensitive make-up who knew how to avoid violating and carrying a condom. The director insists on contraception well. This movie is filled with garbage dumps that make people look like pricks and women look stupid and brittle. Cole Hauser's acting, with the accent Laurence Fishburne is the only reason I can think of watching it. The writer / director is obviously a man of limited intelligence. Go ahead and limit your own by watching this crap if you want, but keep in mind that neurons do not grow back. Just follow the advice of the end and unleash.
