Has any other period of time been so exhaustively covered by television (or the media in general) as the 1960s? No, and do you really need another trip in the turbulent times? Not really. But if we must have one, it should be as deep as the "60s"? I like to think that co-writer Bill Couturie and Robert Greenfield are more in mind for this two-party ministries than ultimately, especially giving Couturie's participation in the HBO movie premier "Dear America: Home Letters from Vietnam "which uses small original music and no original footage, leaving the sights and sounds of the time to speak for themselves. This presentation intercuts file files and dramatic outputs, but it does not make any favors do not try too much in too little time; Like many of its ilk, he saw from the point of view of one family. But the children in the family seem to be involved with tangentially and almost every important event in the '60s (it's amazing that one of them does not go to the Rolling St gig in Altamont), making it seem less like a period drama and more like a Cliff Notes version of the decade. <br /> <br /> The musicians rush at it so much that there's little or no time to give the characters any character, and the wooden figures call our protagonists on screen for the age of a time It's especially scary - and then when they're back on BLAMMO! it's something else. Garry Trudeau was able to teach the filmmakers something or two about doing this kind of stuff well. In fairness, Jerry O'Connell, Jorda Brewster, Jeremy Sisto, Julia Stiles and Charles S. Dutton provided the materials of the old college to try, but they are wasting (especially two letters); It's definitely good to see David Alan Grier in a rare role as Fred Hampton activist, and Rosanna Arquette (in a hosted comedy at Part 2) is always welcome. <br /> What is not welcomed is how the '60s' tackle the band with many song periods that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effects (and this can be fine only when an American television presentation on post-60s America Never mentioned the British invasion - no Beatles, no Rocking Rock ... then again, there are only many tunes you can shoehorn in an album, right?). Capping the surface-skimming approach to it From the time and the plot with an almost out-of-place happy ending, "American Dream" and "The Wonder Years" have made it all a lot, better. There is nothing to see here you can not see elsewhere , people ... except for Julia Stiles to do the twist, that is.
