I would like to say that unlike many people who licked this movie and found it impossible to understand I could completely understand it for what it is. A very incoherent attempt at a draw line. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> I do not like to send this word around but in this case it fits perfectly. The director primarily presents the material in a very "arrogant" way and worse, very incoherently. It is incoherent in that it presents the material in a degraded chaos order, which reminds us that the director was too drunk to remember that the scene came first, and arrogant in which in the 2 hours long we expected the viewer to the SWEN the end of it. <br /> I respect movies for what it is. (creating a story around a more real world that is not tied to real life) but nothing surreptitious about having a history to put in ordinary modern times, with a modern environment day, is most important can engage the audience but additionally, simply a series of events that are barely bound together. The most accurate way to describe the experience of watching this movie is to look like a story; Maybe even a very good story as it was based on a book, but was frustrated by the fact that the camera does not seem to take the necessary moments and tied along any means of spouse. Stylist movie. Compare Gaspar Noe to this "Single Cole Sole". He gave us a cooperative, highly engaging and intellectual story of deep. This film offers no intellectual study, and while it's very stylist in presenting his fragments, the director finally abandons the essential art of telling stories and everything we live and is a mess of events that barely tied together. <br /> Yes it is indeed possible to make sense of things .... in a POINT. But as I said earlier the viewer will reach a stage where they simply say "Who cares." She plays as she watches a Mundane drab story of a man going to a supermarket and buying Episodes in order of ordinary. Even with murders it is completely refreshing and unengaging. Too many people these days will give the high marks something they can understand or make sense of simply for fear of looking crazy, and in any way this movie draws the viewer to look terrifying. you have too much time on your hands, then please watch this movie, taking into account what I said in it. It's a story based on a book that might have been presented in a more efficient way and that's why my reasoning reasoning.
