It's nothing more than a strange coincidence that I decided to look at STARLIFT on the 59th anniversary of the day in June 1950 when the American American President of the Korean War was ordained. STARLIFT, you see, placed widely on the basis of Travis Air Force in California in those years when it was used as a postage post for soldiers being shipped out to fight in Korea. But you should do your own research to know this because not once during the film is 'Korea' to mention. We see transport jets flying out of cool troops and returning with wounded soldiers but there is no mention in which these guys are fighting or getting hurt. What kind of weirdness for a film designed to balance the flag and salute America's boys in uniform. Published in December 1951 by Warner Brothers, STARLIFT is a very clear effort to reproduce the success of stars starring World War II before Moral Booster "Hollywood Canteen." This 1944 crowd-pleaser told the story of two soldiers spent the last three nights of leaving hanging out in the famous army force army in LA hoping to find a date with Joan Leslie. But really it was just an excuse for Warners trot out every star on deal, from Joan Crawford, John Garfield, and Barbara Stanwyck to Peter Lorre, Bette Davis, Sydney Greenstreet and more. STARLIFT features of Air Force soldiers are expected to meet fictional Starlet Nell Wayne (a Janice Rule mask) and convince a bunch of Warner Bros stars to put on a show for the departing troops. But in Crawford's place, Garfield and the best warner brothers were able to scratch up in 1951 by Doris Jou, Ruth Roman, Gordon MacRae, Virginia Mayo, Gene Nelson and Phil Harris and floating emergence by James Cagney, Randolph Scott, and a clearly embarrassing looking Gary Cooper. This thrust threadbar, which combines power stars would struggle to grow a standard lamp, is perfectly matched by the ingredient output values. Obviously in an effort to save money several long scenes were fired using really really bad splashing back. How bad is it? You can see the place where the screen meets the floor of the sound! To describe STARLIFT as a movie press, lazy and third rate is to make a bad movie that is sloppy, lazy and third rate. It's just awful. Avoid it.
