Whoa boy. How has ever watched a documentary about a megalomaniac despised damaging his own life and alienating everyone around him? Well they exist, in many forms. But did you ever want to watch documentaries telling about someone who did not finally succeed in doing anything despite everyone praise everyone on how much of a "genius" artistic it is? Well you can probably just grab a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (I know them everywhere and I do not even follow the local scene), or you can save yourself the problem by spending money watch this trick. <br /> <br /> The situation is good, and, honestly, it's not as if the filmmakers knew precisely where it would be considering this one of the difficulties in making a documentary. We were made to follow two strips, Brian Jamestown's massacre, led by Anton, and the Dandy Warhols, lead by Courtney. I heard of the Dandy Warhols before watching this movie ... Not so Brian Jamestown the massacre. Why? Well from this documentary perspective, because Brian Jamestown's disruption dysfunction has denied the ability to really do it in the music industry. However, instead of becoming an analysis of the strips apart and how one could succeed, the focus becomes more on Anton and his frenzy. <br /> <br /> Because, behold, Anton is a "genius." Because he plays rock music. It really "understands the evolution of music" ... because it plays rock music with a lot of different instruments. His music is considered "retro post-modern but the future" ... because it's rock music. He wants to carry out a "revolution" ... through rock music. Well so let's face it ... twenty minutes and this is one of the stupid kids I would care to watch a documentary about. The documentary itself does not really lend itself to showcasing any of Anton's talent, because in the nature of correction down 2000 hours of material within a short term of time we do not really have time to focus on that. So, instead of looking at Anton, the "genius", the socio-maniac deficit, is a jerk for two hours and just said they understood that he did really great music. Whether he did or I will not know, because he does not like the documentary had enough time to prove it. What I know is that then we're leaving with a story about some self-centered obsessional head of the country calling itself a god of music and doing nothing to back it up. Why even bother to watch it? People like Anton do not deserve the attention, hopes and admiration of all those different, and especially a post-failure failure pace. This movie plays as a two-hour Rough-cut special VH1 for one reason: it goes on and over on the music, but it's all about the image and the attention. Look at the guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he acts, look at how he tries to create controversy because he can not afford marketing. <br /> <br /> Honestly the only interesting character in this movie is Joel, and that's because of anyone in this documentary, Joel is the only person who seems to have any fun. Perhaps it is because it is the tambourine man. The rest of them all "stone stars"! They deserve our attention, and admiration, and interest, and commitment! They went out to "save stones and roll." Do you remember when white strips were supposed to "save rock and roll"? Yeah, that was because of Anton, and it's "selfishness to them not to mention me (Anton) as an inspiration." What a burden. People like Anton are best left to forget. This documentary explains why mainstream music is so dull - because exempting music has to deal with people like Anton for a living and ultimately can only really reject their support behind a safe and passionate person. Thank you so much, Anton. Antique you lose music for everyone you touch, whichever opinion is contrary to. But if people "know" about Anton agree with it really was a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is that it cut it off this way. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
