I still do not know why I force myself to sit in the whole thing. This "movie" was not worth the Memorex DVD-R it was burning on; I thought I was watching results at the end of a middle school group stealing their camcorder parents. This is by far the worst movie ever made. I really, out of my heart, want to call them for Aaron Yamasato for two hours he was stolen from my life. So, apparently, it's supposed to be bad about goals; However, if you should end up in hell and are forced to watch this 90-minute coil in doo doo, you'll see that Yamasato is really trying hard to make an awesome movie flick. The actors try dramatic kick-ass performance that is comparable to Crimson tied but comes closer to the Navy. <br /> <br /> The crap acting is just the tip of the iceberg. Angle of the terrible cameras. The story is the best C-movie - the plot is not even good enough to be considered B-movie caliber. The dialogue tries to be dynamic and witty, but crap like everything else. Rumor has it that a hard copy of the scenario actually attracts flies. Plus, the technological note is annoying ... not because it's techno, but because it's NO-STOP. That's right, the music plays in the background of all time, acts as a subliminal reminder of how bad this thing is. I do not handle the claims claim, I do not buy it. BOTS did not do this badly about purpose, because he took it too seriously for what he was: a joke. <br /> <br /> This "movie" was very low-budget. But there is no excuse for its record-setting success factor. Great films are made of substance, not budget. BOTS did not. <br /> <br /> Allow me to further articulate the overwhelming power of this 90 minute waste of time: if I had a three way with Jessica Alba and Jessica Biel in front of a TV and Blood of the Samurai came, I should be out there faster than Steven Seagal in Executive Decision. Undoubtedly, some people are trying to defend the movie. Two, perhaps three. They will say, "she grindhouse off-socky!" or "cheese in a great way!" or "it's so bad, good!" These are idiots. A movie is either good, or it's bad. There is no such thing as a bad movie. But there are things like idiot-like movies. Do not get me wrong; There are plenty of cornball-not-to-be-taken-serious movies out there that are enjoyable and entertaining. Slither is one. BOTS is not. <br /> This suckfest runs about an hour and a half, and in humble opinion, it's 90 minutes too long. The best thing about this "movie" is the DVD cover, so next time you are near the bin Wal-Mart bin dealer, take a look at it - DO NOT TOUCH IT, just watch - and slowly walk away.
