I knew it was not gunna work between me and D-wars from the moment we met. His first title was lazy. D wars. Like writing out Dragon was too much for them. Also ... you really can not be flagrant with your title unless your Blue Monkey. Blue monkey can do whatever hell he wants. <br /> <br /> The second sign of a rocky relationship between us was the crazy progression story. Here's the movie, recalling rapier guy reporting on great snake tracks, shining back at a time he and Dad rushed to what was to be the competition for the store in Gremlins and kid kid kidney reporter to get a boxes that turn red. Old shop keeps revealing many terrible truths. That Bauraki a supposedly evil snake has cheated out of her chance to be a god. tell the kid that he is a reincarnated warrior and that somewhere in LA is his reincarnation lover and gives him a jigsaw piece of jewelry. The store also reveals that despite its obvious blightness it is a 500 year old Asian. <br /> Fifteen years later Dreamers recall this perfectly and start acting crazy half trying to get this random girl. cgi hijinks followed and in the last ten minutes my brain melted out of my nose. Why? Continue on my dear reader if you have ball. <br /> So Sarah, the lover reincarnated, has her own rbits. I have the benefit of having a best Asian friend and at the scene where he starts freak out and make a bunch of posters and Asian characters about them saying to me that anyone who makes this movie has no idea what they do. It is a Korean legend and it's reincarnated from a Korean princess but everything is in Chinese. After that, his dragon night began to hurt, and called the police to cause it to be a heart attack. Look, in this crazy up world worlds apparently attack heart attacks differently because next time we see it it's locked in its room with a guard out and a nurse claims it's crazy. I have a new phobia right now, and its that if I ever encounter the first responders problems will just assume I'm crazy. <br /> I have another point of debate with my humble mistress, Dwar. There is a scene when Patrick Dempsey Jr (Dreamy Reporter) is in a 'café' with sassy black friends. At the scene before Miffed near divinity Bauraki killed an elephant, slipped into a suburb and killed one of Sara's friends. Look, people were scared to come out after 9-11 past, but we must have all tight up after deciding coffee and pastry to be worth the risk of our lives. Business as usual, there is no way a giant snake will stop me from getting my caffeine on. If I remain inside and fear for my life the terrorists and serpentine deities have. <br /> After being given a dragon to meet on my wicked lover helicopter Dwarf treats me in a pi $$ and vinegar full of scenes at the end of it all with. Bauraki has a stronghold of its own and its rights under LA I guess. They do not really say but Reporter's dream and Sarah get knocked out of a car crash that would kill younger men and when they wake up, yep dragon palace. Some dialogue delayed later a good dragon god snake pops out of nowhere and the snakes struggle to do so. And I'm not kidding good snakes from nowhere. Maybe you think I blowing it out of proportion, I have no mention of this stuff in the movie then suddenly ... there! A few seconds later with good dragon becomes Dragon God, lying Baurki on fire, Sarah turns into a ghost and goes with dragon-gods, wake reporters leave in the middle of credit scroll nowhere ... Thanksgiving <br /> < Now our relationship as stone as it has its good time. There was a guy who looks like crushers out of torture and speaks exactly like a tuscan raider from star wars. I will call it Tuscan Crushers. He could do whatever he wanted every time he wanted it just never to be useful. He could walk through a wall of a scene that was not useful. He could go to your dreams when that would not do any good and he could light ten random soldiers in fire but not when it's important. It also makes allergies and junk jewelery touches. I like her cause he was hit by a car twice at the same scene and made fantastic noise noise. <br /> <br /> The actors for the most part were great ... if great somehow means terrible. Jason Behr, whom I thought was frightening at Roswell I slowly found out can only act in a way with this firefighter, spatial and Patrick Dempsey "ish". <br /> <br /> The one thing I love about this whore whore Dwars is its lead actor, Bauraki. That giant snake acts out of his heart. I would dare say that it was best to play a cgi serpentine demi-god of evil then John Barrymore was in play Richard III's or Hamlet. There were emotions in each scene, stealing the thunderstorm of his least mortal supporting cast. When eating an elephant I felt like no one past, present or future would ever eat an elephant and feel a lot. He was more then an actor, he was a force of nature and put his heart and soul into every second of this cursed project. Yes damn it, my favorite actor in this film was a cgi snake. I had the balls admit that, are you? <br /> Here's hoping Bauraki to get into more work and not sort of cast, which Jason Behr found a series of other emotions then wake up, and that I have never seen Blue Monkey again. <br /> So D-War on. I want my CD back and let them just be friends
