I went to this movie with high hopes. Normally, I'm not too busy about my movies and cinema animals * always * fun to watch, or for me to think. I'm going to list the good parts of this movie: -The effect. All creatures were well-designed, the movements were realistic, and they fit into other imagery well. To be honest, the animal effects were the only reason I gave this movie a 2 rather than a 1. Now the bad things: the -ji. Good Lord, I saw bad act, but this movie took the cake. Not one single of the characters is the same * closed * credible. It's like the director sending out a file call and taking all the worst try-out of it. I tried very hard not to giggle too strong, causing I did not want to upset anyone else in the theater but the act really is wrong. - The story: The whole story is full of drawings from beginning to finish. You can choose at least 5 tracks holes from any given 30 minutes of film. The holes drawn, of course, are complimentary with the cheese. This is probably one of the most cliché, no thought-out, and outright dumbest stories I've ever seen put on screen since I had the grave to sit up one night and watch the parasite on the SciFi channel. - The dialogue: This is a world where everyone says the cheesiest and most of the clichés can be possible, at every chance they may be. In this world, it looks like each line that has been spoken before at least 30 other low-budgetary films. It is the world of cheese and cliche. - Special Effects. While the animal's effects were downright awesome, the special effects are miserable. Yes, they are better than what they see in other movies, but many of them are in the presentation. And this movie has no presentation too. It looks a bit like the special effects used on Power Rangers TV shows, to be honest. To sum up: Dragon war is worth neither time nor money. The concept is good, but it is blocked in the wrong direction, acting, dialogue, and cheesiness of the movie. Wait for the next big movie movie out. It's to be better than this, causing dragon wars is absolutely awful.
