The King's MAKER will undoubtedly have a success in Thailand where the same (but superior) 'Legend's of Suriyothai' record file record files. The film led by Lek Kitaparaporn after a screenplay by Sean Casey based on historical facts in 1547 Siam has some beautifully stylish visual elements, but is disarmed by one of the corniest, pedestrian scripts and film story development. The event of the photo is related to the Portuguese soldiers in fortune Fernando Gama (Gary Detire) whose revenge for the murdered father of his father in captivity, being captured and thrown into slavery and placed on the block of Ayutthaya in the kingdom of Siam where she bought in the beautiful Maria (Cindy Burbridge) with the consent of her father Phillipe (John Rhys-Davies), a man with a last name and a past revealing as the story progresses. There is a plot to overthrow the King with Fernando and the new Siamese sidekick Tong (Dom Hetrakul), following some CGI scripts to boost choreography martial arts silliness, first rewarded by the king to become his guard, only to be jailed together once Queen Sudachan (Yoe Hassadeevichit) reveals his plot to kill the king and son to allow Lord Chakkraphat lover (Oliver Pupart) to take over the rule of Siam. But of course Fernando and Tong escaped and sentenced to fight with each other to save the lives of their families (Tong's wife and children and Fernando now firmly affirms with Mary) and the consequences are expected. (with the exception of John Rhys-Davies) is so weak that the film occasionally seems as if it were meant to be camp. The Thai majority struggle dropping and the wrong writing dialogue, which we want to have used native Thai and the translation. The music note by Ian Livingstone sounds as if exhumed by old opera soap opera television. But if it's nice visual you're after there are so many of that and alone make the movie worth watching. It's a movie that has obvious high financial backing for all the special effects and mass thrown and lying down and shows its good intentions. It is just the basics that are missing. Grady Harp
