Like most of the reviews, I've seen this on Starz! Ondemand. After watching the preview with my girlfriend, she decided not to look at it as to how bad the preview looks. I, on the other hand, thought she looked oddly enough to a warrant watching. I mean, the design of Dr. Meso alone justifies at least a brief sweep of this title. After watching it, I can say that while there are some interesting aspects of it (ie surfing on the notebooks and trying to figure out the incomprehensible story), it's best to pass on this one. <br /> <br /> Great Spoilers before * After making their first video for the as-yet-finished CDs, the lead singer, Cassidy, killed himself in an attempt to get her boyfriend Neil in her notice. 3 months later, the group tries to decide if the album will be finished or not. To try and see what Cassidy wants, go to see an old psychic friend in himself, Dr. Meso, and try to contact him at him. In his four reading, Dr. Meso turned four four straight deaths for the remaining four members. Bad times ahead. (I just wanted to make a point later in the movie, explaining that the death card really just represented the change. The Kudos on that at least.) Even without the approval of friends of the dead, they decided to go ahead and finish the album. But while in the bathroom, Cassidy's best friend, Dora, catches a glimpse of his deceased friends. When another band-mate goes on to check on, Dora stands in the dark, asking his sunglasses. That's when the killing starts. <br /> <br /> My main problem and the movie from the many go-is is that it seems to be heavily stylized in a fault. Excessive deformation effects, unnecessary zoom, and a multitude of other cheap effects against this movie. An incoherent scenario does not help anything either. While the narrative hangs together for the first part, once Cassidy is resurrected, everything falls apart. We have jump-off between Cassidy and Dr. Meso (who mystical was able to get into a closed building), showing them connected in some way or another. However, within a few minutes of this revelation we find that Cassidy really is being independent of Meso. He then turned to the guy who helped his revenge and scurries go in a way that demanded Jack Nicholson as the Joker. But not in a good way. From this point on, the locations of Cassidy are shown, but there are exceptional strange as movement moves from where they are placed almost out of sequence. A scene we see Cassidy standing in a desk, when a character enters the next, it's no place to find. As he moved behind the desk, we saw him at the end of a hallway. Then in another key grabbing room (which Neil already has), then back again. Not to mention that from the next moment, Cassidy's mood seems to go a complete 180 without a catalyst in it. Sometime, he wants to kill everyone (although he only injured 90% of the characters) - the next it's exquisite for everyone and walks out the door to die again. Sound confusion? It's because he is. It's a rush that I'm sure the writer could not even figure out. <br /> As for their performance, most are particularly wild. Some are interesting, but in general this is not a piece that might be known to act. The story is the driving force behind this piece.
