I wish that the viewer who considered 'dream car' as one of Corey Haim's finest and the "best movie theater of the century" was kidding. Sarcastic detection on my part? I sincerely hope that. <br /> <br /> The 'Dream of Dreams' marks the first in a long line of noodles that would be the worst of Corey Haim's career (except the 'Rollerboys' wonder that was amazingly decent). Here, Haim plays boycotting college boy, Bernie, who assumed that a cool car will attract attention to her dream girl. Lucky for Bernie, a wealthy woman to get back to her husband cheating, hastily decided to reward his faithful pianos tuner - bernie - with a gift: a Turbo Porsche Slick. However, unexplored to the woman, and unfortunate for Bernie, is that her husband killed and murdered her body in the trunk. Now, being in this movie, body does not seem to rot or own a rather fictive funk, Bernie is unaware of this. In fact, the subconscious boy has no idea that something suspicious is behind some odd circumstances that arise. In particular, a man grizzly follows it around, desperate to get caught in this relatively undetected body. This is a low-tech action low-class action in the Haim movie as this is (see Double O Kid). Despite being part of action, romantic comedy party, this movie fails to offer the viewer a lot of anything of interest for at least the first forty-five minutes in which films take over enough time to show the immediate problem (ie Bernie was in possession of a car with a dead body, and a hit-man found that the Porsche will be hard to find). And thanks to the poor act by Haim (I loved this kid, too, but it's not exactly sacrilious to admit the times when he obviously could not act well) and the lack of real immediate and emergency between Bernie and the villain who makes many of the events convincing and as a result, incomprehension. To add accidents to insults, the band was incredibly scam and sounding more like self-evident songs you'd heard in the America Team (see 'timing' the date). <br /> <br /> Loyal Corey Haim fans, however, should not be ashamed to see the boys in abundance. However, others who understand that Haim's career is likely to occur when he was 14 or 15 and never recovered, would expect mediocrity, just as they will just look good for the late 90's comedy b-comedy to spend time.
