Michael Caine has always claimed Ashanti was "the only movie (he) made purely for the money" as well as "the worst film he ever starred in." Keeping on, Michael, was not you in the cave and sownown hurry? And did not both of these films a good deal worse than Ashanti? Maybe, Caine recalls just too happy to punish the films of a movie movie action at searing 130 degrees Fahrenheit temperature (director, Richard Fleischer, was hospitalized as a result of sun stroke during the shooting). What Ashanti actually results as is not the low-point career of Michael Caine. Instead, it is a very thriller thriller hunters with a talent throw, where exotic, boring stretches and a very formulaic storyline. David Linderby (Caine) is a W.H.O medication that leaves devastating when his wife Anansa (Beverly Johnson) is missing during a trip to a tribal African city. Linderby gradually realized that his wife was harassed by slave traders - directed by Suleiman (Peter Ustinov) - and it lays on a continent-wide pursuit that eventually leads to the Middle East. <br /> <br /> Along the way, the great pop star in effective and ineffective roles. William Holden has an astonishing role as a helicopter pilot; Omar Sharif shows little of his ordinary charm or favors as a pampered Arabian millionaire; Rex Harrison looks for reading years during his brief role as a helpful contact that helps Caine in his quest. The film is based on a better seller called Ebano, by the little-known author Alberto Vasquez-Figueroa, but the suspense that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation. Ustinov is charismatic as the slave (he looks at all of his movies can be able to give bad performance), and Caine generates sadness as a man who thinks he will never see his wife again. There are occasional flash of action, but on the whole Ashanti is quite slow-moving. All in all, it is a resistant piece of hokum action - not by any stretch as terrible as Caine has often suggested, but not a very inspiring and certainly a kite-down movie from all the talents involved.
