This is one of Clark Gable's worst films. Only PARNELL was obviously worse. It is just so great to suffer and the dialogue is so disgusting that it is something neither Gable nor Jean Harlow would be proud of doing. <br /> Gable is a heel whose illegal activity results in his girl goes to the Slammer (like the Gangster Talk?). He holds the hope that he will do the right thing but he just leaves it - unknown to them, gosh, that he's "in the way of the family". Eventually, the rogue returns to do the right thing and somehow they tie this together to a happy ending! They seemed to have forgotten about the gable that needed to take the rap and spent several years in the hoosegow. Leonard Maltin says "The Best Stars Here". By what standard? Best of chuck unintended products? Gimme a break! <br /> PS - after saying this, my wife thought Leonard Maltin is going to get me and kick my butt. Hmmm. However, despite my comments, I think Mr Maltin is the finest review of the people on the planet (I hope he faces it). <br /> UPDATE - 2/2/08. Because I neglected this movie so much the first time (especially the ridiculous finish), I decided to watch it once again. After all, sometimes when I watch a movie again I like it more and realize that I've been a bit too harsh. While that was the case with several films in recent months, I still have this movie - even a second. Most of it was not because of the first half of the movie. In the first half, Harlow's character was amazingly stupid but at least it was credible. But when she was sent to prison, she was all cliché until the ultimate wedding scene was performed. The bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly mute - it just makes no sense at all and is analogous to turning the movie into some wacky fairy stories instead of a love story about two disadvantages. I stand by my original review (despite all the "PA HELPFULS") and think that aside from PARNELL and maybe POLLY in psychology, it might just be the worst Gable movie.
