So I rented this out of Netflix because someone gave me the book Roger Ebert "I was hated, hate, hated this movie" and gave this one a zero rating of rare stars in the book , saying the end of his original review "Mad Dog Time should be cut up to give free ukulele choose for the poor". So I figured out to Ebert saying that I would see if he was really as bad as he said he was. I know most corporations say no to listening to criticism and judging for yourself but I could not express how much I hated this piece of junk like Ebert did and never since Ebert's Rob North review "Rob Reiner where he was saying he hated the ten film times I've ever heard of as a brilliant movie review. Here we have Richard Dreyfuss as a gangster that I do not think it would be terrible to see Dreyfuss as a criminal if the scenario for the movie I'm sorry to write that, but above all the other things that were terrible about this "movie" I can almost tell you the script was not written well at all. "While the movie starts off with Jeff Goldblum saying it The Dreyfuss girlfriend watched Dreyfuss while Dreyfuss was in a criminal movie theater starting off with some decent dialogue after the opening credits. But after the first 4 or 5 minutes the other 85 minutes just consisted of mute words mute useless for 30 seconds Then someone gets shot. Then there is a whole bunch of jokes about Dre They were mentally ill. Haha. Not funny. Then we get an unpleasant scene with unfunny parody Frank Sinatra in my "Way I" by Gabriel Byrne apparently insulting Dreyfuss. Of course because the scripting was written on the level of a sixth graduate Dreyfuss Byrne shootout about five times and Byrne just will not die. Are we the same as the audience supposed to take care or find that mildly funny? I can certainly tell you I did not care or get that funny. Not only am I disappointed in Dreyfuss (which I admire as an actor) for producing and staring at this thrill but I am also very disappointed by Jeff Goldblum because this was released in the same year as "Independence Day" was the top film grossing in the year and finally one of the most successful films of success. Does Goldblum feel that "Independence Day" would be a flop and then just took the next role that offered him some money if "Independence Day" was a bomb? What made an Oscar winner and the star of two of the biggest money making the movie movie to get remotely reminiscent of this? The opening sequence of "Angry Dog Time" says the film is placed on another planet. I only want now that I was wasting 93 minutes watching this garbage that she would stay, she opened in the theater on the planet where she supposedly took place for the way everyone on this planet would never be here in the trash The ridiculous 93 minutes from my life that I will never get back. Ebert says the movie should cut off is not good enough I'm scared. Each copy of "Mad Dog Time" should have gasoline pour all over it and be lit by fire. I have yet to head to a worst movie I've ever seen because this one has been honored as the worst movie ever.
