What an insult to Olivia D'Abo that plays the movie heroine, Robin, Keanu Reeves has appeared so great about the art box in the movie (and at least recent recent, there are only Reeves appearing on the box), considering that it was the star. I realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long forgotten to special schools, but at least give women some credit. <br /> <br /> Despite this, this has to be one of the youngest teen sports-themed movies I've ever seen, and it's a lot of effort to add not just all teenagers and sports movie clips of war Classes between gymnasts are feuding young romance. And, in striving to rescue itself as an amateur alternative to Flashdance (and the music of one of the storage drugs scenes is even quite close to Michael Sembello's remarkable 'Maniac' made famous by Flashdance, or was it other way around?). It includes dancing sequences as well as even the 80s dance dance and sports tradition of lace-wound lace between the heroine and the antagonist (s), one who doubts his success and the ability of the team. We saw this in Trashin '(a green day ramp) and clothes (BMX dancing in the bullet, although it was not much for competition, but rather for fun) for example. In fact, this film is full of unrealistic grenades, such as a bit homo-erotic bit in the clothes of the Salvation Army and Robin and his friends from the team. However, the movie is about a young girl from a rather poor background. For herself to cut into a massive need to squeeze out as many empathy as possible, she lives with her mother, her unbelieving sister, and neglected her (and a little abusive) stepfather. Needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. Adding to the mix, a talent for gym, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the nuisance of his arrogant, snobby teammate, and a coach who eventually eventually doubt his ability to compete well). And, of course, we can not forget that he looked up to one of the lovely boy preppies that dated one of the obnoxious crews, or that he did not have a constant companion (although Keanu as Tommy later went into the picture). Could this kid have any more pathetic? And it seems that one chaos after another comes together to embarrass itself from long, redundant, and seek the quest to prove it's worth everybody. <br /> But at the time of great cheesiness that prevails most of the film, it is hardly worth mentioning that the biggest distraction of this film is the creepy act and dialogue. (I like how the gym coach suddenly appeared at the diner in the middle of the dance-off rebuking the teammates). He makes episodes in 'Amazing Story' look like Shakespeare. I imagine anyone can get this movie and watch it these days are probably drawn to it mainly because of the nostalgic factor. For this you might be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. So Caveat Emptour.
