My mother worked with Dennis L. Raider for eleven, not to mention sharing a desk with her. When it was announced he was BTK, he was shocked. The whole day was just telling stories about how he could never see him as the Wichita killer. I heard him re-tell them many times. I asked her about a lot of things, and went to all the interviews that she asked to attend. I read the entire book about Raider, Wichita is my town and I was surprised that such a thing could happen in Kansas. There was another BTK film on TV not too long ago, and I thought that this one would be best at featuring Dennis's murder, perhaps even having some smart touch in his motives. <br /> I'm going to be very weak with the flaws of this movie. This is based on painting my mom in her, all my readings on her, and the video tapes I've seen in her talk. <br /> First of all, the camera angles were awful. It looks as if it was shot on a home video camera. The act was awful and I could not even bring them to watch it. Dennis Raider has never had long hair. Dennis Raider was a "very anal man" and was a "follow book rule" kind of guy. He was not as beautiful as the movie made him look, he was very polite and abrupt, as business. Even go to kill him, as far as we all know. If you have seen her confession in court, you may already guess. <br /> And as for the obsession with the house killed? No. I never read or Dennis Raider has been confessed that he has a problem with animal mischief or tackling bugs. In fact, he practiced on cats and dogs for choking methods. But through-out the entire movie he puts animals in his victim's face and acts as he cares about the welfare of them. Dennis Raider never killed the people that he knew, he confessed this, but in the movie the first one killed him saying the lady he knew he too. <br /> <br /> I really do not even want to go to this movie, and I'm already ranting. This is NOT what you want to look for if you are interested in the current events at BTK. This is not what you want to look if you want a good horror movie. If you want a malicious half-shot pornography and some scenes kill the side service, then this is your movie type.
