I admit the problem I have with the most celebrated films Ealing I've seen so far to my case. For my taste, either black and rippingly funny, or so light in the tones must be satisfactory as comedy or story. This is an independent way to say I wanted to "Man in the White suit", but found myself struggling to sit in its short run. <br /> <br /> Worker Sidney Stratton (Alek Guinness) may be slow in style, but it is doggedly engaged in progress in the form of his attempts to invent a beach cloth that can not break or make room. Using a factory laboratory for his latest experiments, it matches matches both the material and the human being - the latter being the wicker miners who do not understand what it is up to, then face it out and become even more committed to staying there. "It's tiny mind as you stand in the way of progress," Sidney complains, practicing in the mirror what he writes to tell the man. <br /> A problem with "The White Costume Man" is that Sidney's vision of progress is awfully little-minded, too, more so than those of employers or workers who also hate her work. My problem is more elemental: For a comedy, "White Suit" is not funny. It is a rather reliable script that too often attempts to make my weak attempts in humor from spit-taking, double-taken, triple-taking, and dizzying. <br /> <br /> The best jokes are the sound of Sidney's car, go "Bleep-Blop-Bleep-Bop" endlessly and look like queer looks at every visitor until Sidney either extract her miracles from her or his neck tries. Like all other humorous minds in this movie, she leans over too long. I have never seen Guinness less affected by a movie, though it seems impossibly young and reliable (though actually in his mid-30s). He looks so bloody, even more so than wax-faced general he plays in "Doctor Zhivago" It's the same cold fish if he ignores the sad affections of the movie movie affected to give him life savings It's time to lose his job (Vida Hope boiler as Bertha) or the more charming young Daphne Birnley (Joan Greenwood), one of his allies in his fight against "shabbiness and dirt", as he put it, These words sound as impossibly sexy as only Greenwood could. <br /> <br /> Support players make "White Suit" work as well as doing so. Ernest Thesinger's "Bride of Frankenstein" fame has played a remarkable nasty commander in Nosferatu similar industries and makes a laugh like a rattle death. Howard Marion-Crawford as another factory leader is as memorable here as he plays a blinkered medical officer in Lawrence of Arabia. Then there's the undeniable charm of Mandy Miller as a girl who steals her moment on the camera right in front of everyone else. <br /> But most of the scenes were played so straight that one would not think director Alexander Mackendrick had ever worked on a previous comedy (before his Ealing comedy "Whiskey Galore" did not reverse that impression, alas) . Roger MacDougall plays a notion of scientific progress as potential disaster, but neglects to introduce Sidney to something more blandly in light. <br /> <br /> Comedy Ealing is remembered to capture the human side of comedy. But the Ealings I've seen never seem to do, working only when they play aggressively against our own sympathy. "Heart hearts and cranes" and the "Ladykillers" (Mackendrick again, go figure) is the classic way. "White suit", on the other hand, is a pointless occasion that falls apart when it should be stuck, just like this unfortunate costume.
