-might has deflators ... but believe me, this movie spoils itself from start to finish. <br /> I walked into this movie with high expectations. It was my own fault. I put too much emphasis on Steve Carell's record date. 40 year old girl ... Little Miss Sunshine ... Office. And I also made the mistake of coming to IMDb and seeing a user rating 7.5 before going to the movie. He was always a very good speaker in the past, but something is definitely off lately. Last time I felt this embarrassed and in pain this much in a movie theater was watching "Blue Steel" in 1990. This flame fumbled from start to finish. The script was flunky material. Films are written around. "Murder of Love"? "Love is a capacity"? Anyone who wrote this crap suffered from the same plagiarism that struck American Writers (s) ... trying waaaaayyyyyy too hard. The whole cops were peppered with Three's Company'ish as the terrible show scene and appearing. Or the sense / confusion of the aerobic scene. Or scenes of laundry salon. Right when you think something serious and / or real is about to happen, they are thrown into one of those awful moments. And it came over and over and over again. <br /> And what's with Carell's character? The guy meets some blame age in a book store and is suddenly heading on the heels of love? Let's face it. Conversations are sucked. They both should say goodbye to them after a few minutes. Pay attention attention to the initial conversation when you have the trouble watching this movie .... Carell's character tries to say something that is absolutely random and un-comical (I think the exact line was "this one only when I was a kid "... that's it badly), but both are laughing so hard that coffee is about to thrown out of their nose. The actors themselves seemed like they were in pain, wondering why they were directed to do what they were doing. <br /> <br /> Return to the emblem thing ... you guys need to figure out a way to keep a movie promotion team at this site. I know it's impossible, but it's doubtful the first 20 or so evaluations / reviews were either posted by 12 year olds, or by the flunky hired by the studio. Check out the Stone Family Rating ... if it's a 5 middle, then this absolutely has to be a 2 ... and push it.
