After watching this film, I was left with a very annoying two of this movie: why did this dog character "McGuyver hit-man" and Lee's character as an incompetent fool? Chen's character is that he has risen in an underground Cambodian orphanage for blood thirsty aircraft where they learn to brawl him from death like wild dogs. This detail moves early on a stage where it enters a taxi and as it starts driving, it shows how it is familiar with a safety belt. Soon after this stage, he has a similar situation in a tithing sum restaurant. Not only is it uncleanness, he is starving. This is not a reference to the Dark Physical Dog but in the early two scenes of the movie where it is extracting down food, one of which, rice porridge could be in the floor of the lower pile on a fin old. If in the first ten minutes of the film, it is established that Chen is malnutrition-ed, unmodernized, and has just gone for him, his "dog" brawling style fighting in some sort. Despite this situation, Dog managed to shoot out every policeman (even managing ricochet a bullet in a metal pipe to hit a guy in a head, who held the dog's hostage host) and somehow reached a super force (balancing a 50 lb block of concrete, plastering on the end of a metal pipe, at the top of the police chief as it gets injected into the chest, does not say chief). <br /> Now Lee character ... okay, I found it, it was depressed, it had some luggage, but wow, it could do anything right? Sometime, they try to make it cool, composed and ready to take care of business, and the next moment, it just got beat again. The first stage he runs at Dog, and he manages to miss him, from around 15 feet, several times. Towards the end of this scene, Lee is watching Chen as his close friend and colleagues work slowly stabbed with a long knife for a good 5 seconds full, while holding a dog face gun, at a distance of 10 foot. Even at the end of the movie, Lee managed to get stabbed to death and failed once again. <br /> And my biggest problem with this film is that it is presented in such a way that film makers are trying to get the audience sympathize with Chen's character and that it is just "kill them to survive." That would be a lot easier if I did not just watch Dogs murder innocent in the movie all terrible. In many people he was killed, only two people wanted to kill him, the police chief and Lee. Others were just those who ate, boat owners, taxi drivers, and policemen trying to seize him, not killing. Generally, Chen's character is just a bloody bloodthirsty killer for what he wants, even if it's just a free ride. (Do I mention it will bring a mass of hundred dollar bills to all most of the movie?) 3 stars I go to some of the exciting work / interesting cameras that got in some nice shots. <br /> <br /> Bottomline: One made for the dogs black-hugs fans. For me, "Dog bite this DVD"
