I would really, really wanted to see this movie, and wait for months to get it into our account against accessible Blockbuster. When she showed up in our mailbox, I threw it straight to the DVD player. I was sad sadly disappointed, that in turn made me angry. I'll give any movie a chance, even if I want to walk out of the theater / press 'standing'. I watched it all the way, but did not get anything from it but frustration. The act was very, very good, but that was about it. There is nothing to explain; while we understand that Mathieu has become depressed and grounded in a pervasive wart of some kind, we never give insight into his 'fall'. While we understand that he and Cedric break up, yet we do not see it happen or why it happened. During an interview with Mathieu's physician, Cedric revealed that he would have cheated her once, but she had no big deal. I hope to see this in flashback, but no - nothing. We also get the suggestions that Cedric was the one to carry Mat in the hospital - but again, we do not see it. <br /> I know some movies are a 'take it as it is' base, but this movie is honestly caused. When Pierre, Cedric's former show up at the club and start problems, we do not see her hair hidden until the end, and she took me a good piece of time knowing that Pierre was the former. His personality at the club and when Mat his findings are entirely different. I might even have that bad word, it was that confusion. The movie expects you to know everything and move along with its breakthrough, out-of-place and confusing pace. I can keep up with movies like 'pi', 'Citizen Kane' and other films that have flashback / flash-forwards left and right, but CU did not take and hold on the style. At the end of 'Citizen Kane', you know what's going on and discover the answer to the main mysteries. CU just let you hang. He has a time of pretense to it 'we will not tell you something annoying, his face out for presentation of yourself. It's like reading a book and chapter changing around and missing pages. <br /> <br /> Good act, as I said. I loved the characters, but the whole story was just too disappointing.
