Sitcom's "The League of Men" follows the lives of several people living in the fictional village "Royston Vasey". The different scenes are linked together by their common setting. In the first series, a draw show, the main scheme deals and a new road that will be built in Royston Vasey. Consequently, more foreigners visit the small town. But Edward and Tubbs, the owners of a "local" store, which is actually far from the city, do not like foreigners. Whenever a visitor enters the store, they kill him. In my opinion some scenes are kind of tasteless and not funny at all, for example, when the couple absorbs two engineers who want to build the new road. Edward drums, while Tubbs is dancing half naked around the victims. <br /> <br /> In addition Pauline lives in Royston Vasey. It works at the local Job Center. Although Pauline hates the people he has worked with, the woman does not want to release her job. So when an unemployed person gets an interview as a fireman, he does not allow him to go because he's not ready for the job again. Then there Barbara Dixton, a transsexual taxi driver who goes through great detail on her "sexual conversion. In addition to the veterinarian, Mr. Chinnery, always kills animals instead of healing them. In one case, he came to a farm and is brought to the sitting room, where a dog lays in his basket. The farmer goes out. On the assumption that the dog is the sick, Mr. Chinnery euthanizes him. A second later, the farmer opened the door, holding the "real" sick animal, a sheep, in his hand. <br /> <br /> Some people more are a husband and wife who were visited by their nephew (friends are killed by the shop owners, by the way). The couple is very good. They have, for example, towels of different colors. Each color stands for part of the body. In addition, they have thousands of keys, marked with different colors and accurately classified. <br /> In my opinion, the actors play very well. By playing women, the scenes become funny. Costumes are adapted to the actors, too. Tubbs will wear a scarf and some crazy characters, for example Edward, have unappetizing teeth in the dark. The show has a great black humorous, typical British humor. The set design reflects the mood of the series. The village and all the houses look gray and rotten. Around the local shop often fogs that reinforce the ominous effects. Even the sign of the village is ominous: "Welcome to Royston Vasey You will never leave." Although I think the actors do a good job, this type of series is not my taste.
