Not me "Drunken Kool-Aid" remarks, I mean that these are like fans devoted to man in Pavarotti that they do not objectively objectively to this movie's attempt. Given this a 10 is analogue to the Wally Cox Award for Mr. Universe or wearing a velvet Elvis paint in the Louvre !!! At this debut film, I remember the wild reviews and titles such as "No, Giorgio" and some said it was among the worst movies ever made. This is definitely overstating it as well. While bad and far from a great artwork, there was a lot of love about the movie and the biggest movie deficit did not act in Pavarotti nor his mind. <br /> <br /> Believe it or not, the brunt of the blame rely only on the shoulders of the writers (which, I believe, being a boot). It is rare to see a movie with scratching or scrolling scenes such as fighting in food, but even they are not the heart of the problem. The problem is that the writers are intended for the hearing to take care of a "romance" that includes a horny brunette in middle-aged men and a seemingly desperate woman. Maybe European audiences might be more forgiving in this, but in the United States in 1982 or today, such a romance looks like slyaz and selfish - especially when Pavarotti tells Harrold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun". Wow, talk about romantic dialogue !! Unfortunately, if they just changed the script a little and did Pavarotti a vet or perhaps his wife had to be like the wife from a classic Hollywood classic movie, as in all of this with the sky, too or SISPECT (where the wife was so vile and unjust you could forgive her husband who had an affair or even killed him). Instead, she's the mother of two children who waits patiently at home while her lubby egotistist tart right and left - as Pavarotti admits that she had a great deal of pre-Harrold meeting. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, even the gorgeous music of Pavarotti could not save this movie. Towards the end of the movie, there are some amazing scenes in New York where the set is just incredible and the transcendental song Pavarotti. For that reason, I think the movie at least deserved a 3. I really wanted to love the movie more, but it was a really bad movie - but not quite as rotten as you could hear. Unfortunately, in this I read, this movie might be a case of mimicking art life, as Pavarotti's own life later had some parallel to this movie, though this is not exactly forum to discuss this in detail.
