I have not heard this movie until I read an article about it on the Unknown movie website, which made me curious. As a designer and illustrator myself, I am a admirer of Richard Williams's work - I would like Ziggy's gift as one of the finest Christmas special of all time, and even though framed Roger Rabbit stopped being one In my favorite movie when I got past the age of sixteen, I still have the highest in regard to the amount of work, care and attention to details that come into creating the visuals - but it seems the defective man His most notorious potential for budget and scheduling, and this film is a testament to just how far worse even a super-talented person like Williams can go, to give the right circumstances. <br /> <br /> Ann Raggedy and Andy are an unusual jam that tries to be unusual and experimental with the cut off of the boundaries of a child's cartoon. It also attempts to be a music. She tries to make a thousand and something else as well - is it a freakout? Is it an idea-candle? Is it an innocent pace of childhood imagination? - until it finally collapses beneath the weight of its own unlimited ambitions and aspirations. It is extremely animated, for the most part, though the affidavit can be a little more careful, but it does not count for much when you are confronted with hallucinogenic absurdity that constitutes a lot of the 'action' here. br /> <br /> There are a number of issues with the movie, but let's start with Raggedy Ann and Andy themselves. They are the stars in the show, but they have no personality. Actually, we get the message that Andy is a hard wannabe guy ("I'm not the girl's game," she sings) and that Ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a girl named Marcella, carries head it's down, but that's all we get to find out about these matte-as-mud characters because the overwhelming strangely of this movie kicks off not long after. I use the word "weirdness" advisor, because some strange films can be hugely fun, but this is just flat-out weird. The games and dolls in the playroom are supposed to be beautiful and lovable, but they are actually scarce and disturbing. The two puppets that do and say everything in sync is a prime example. But they are relatively normal compared with the pirate captain's always sneezing, whose whiskers have become erect and has a thunderstorm that swells when it first captures sight of a French celebrity doll. Yes, this is supposed to be a child's movie! Then there's the music, not one of which is memorable, and all of which is singing by actors who can not sing. And to add insult to injury, there is a lot of songs in this movie. When Ann and Andy finally make it out in the playroom, the first thing to do is to sing a long number in the woods about how scary are, about how they will always be one with ... yes, we get the message . This seems to go on forever, but at least it brings some pretense of normality back to the movie. Not for long, though, because the camel and the driven knee leads us into a rare world where everything seems to be done from worn and faded, and - bad enough that it is clearly a schizophrenic paranoia - He also begins to hallucinating. But that's nothing compared to the scenes that follow. The greedy, a living, breathing. belching, farting, constantly eating pool in Taffy, so trippy, creepy and disturbing, you'll hardly believe what you are seeing - this is as close to a psychedelic drug-free experience as I've ever seen on film. Then, after a time of his-o-n-g is happening with the greedy, together comes the psychotic Sir Leonard Looney and his master KooKoo, whose throne is similar to a urinal. I can not believe I actually wrote a capsule description of a real movie here - I just rubbed my eyes and reminded myself that I'm not blogging about an overload-out nightmare I had. Part of the sequence of Looney Land resembles one of the old Winsor McCay Cartoons / Little Nemo, for no good reason other than someone felt like doing it, probably. All of this would be good if there are some types of rhyme or reasons behind it, but no. These scenes are just strange, and very, very long. Surrealism only works when there is a strong idea behind it, or takes place against some pretending to reality. But there is nothing in these scene scenes towards any kind of reality. Remove this element, and you will be left with self indulgences. As the final scenes fend off, even the animation begins to look less impressive (pirate ship, ludicrously detailed, course on the water in a way that suggests some of the targets missed during the output) and there's an event that's not a sequel Simply suggests money running out. Even in a minute 86 minutes of length, the film feels like a never-ending problem, and understands why it flopped on its original release. Animation enthusiasts will probably scratch their heads and ask just how Williams managed to battlish this one so spectacularly, but he did, and nothing anyone can do about it.
