SHALLOW GRAVE starts with either a tribute or a rip off of the shower scene at PSYCHO. (I lean toward Rip.) After it gets worse and then surprisingly gets better, almost at the point of being original. Bad acting and driven amateur drives down a little bit fairly interesting story, but the movie has already surpassed many of the "Yankee down South to kill by a bunch of rednecks" genre because it is actually shooting in the South. A group of college girls in Ft. Lauderdale for summer vacations and wildlife in Georgia by a flat tire after finding the main road. (Note for Yanki: Stay on the Highway when you go to Florida.) Sue Ellen (Lisa Stahl) has a look at the Woods. When she finally found a good place to do her business, she witnessed the local sheriff (Tony March) strangling her mistress (Merry Rozelle) to death. (Note for Yanki: Do not wander in the woods in the South, not because you could witness a murder, but you can run through a marijuana plant.) This is the point where the story, not the movie, actually comes close to being good. <br /> While Tony March will never have to practice his Oscar speech, his Sheriff Dean gets a creepy faction of a normal guy worn by what he did and what he must do. Tom Law is likable as Deputy Scott and is as a native South deputy as I've seen Walton Goggins (Deputy Steve Naish) in the home at 1000 kour. <br /> A few scenes in the movie are worth mentioning. The girls stop at a BBQ in South Carolina and show off their racists when a big black guy exits them. Sue Ellen ran into a barn hidden behind some grass whales and in a realistic momentous moment a great snake is hidden in the grass with her. And in the strange scene, Sheriff Dean made it like her about Patty's rape (Carol Cadby) and told her to take off her clothes. Dean turned the radio up to drown out the noise at what she was about to do. The proverb on the radio needs to go back and read his Bible. His sermon is about how Jezebel is saved by Jesus Christ. I feel sorry for the flock of this priest. Jezebel was in the Old Testament some thousand years before Christ was born and does not mean it is one of the five people you will encounter in heaven.
