From viewing only the Theodore Rex trailer, you would think that this is a bad cop good comedy with Whoopi Goldberg and a guy in a dinosaur costume. This is true, but this is especially a futuristic story, which looks a lot like Batman forever with its directional style and strange character designs. He was mismarketed, and should have been marketed as a futuristic story, instead of just a comedy captain flip. If this movie is not mismarketed, it's still a terrible film. In the future, the dinosaurs were brought back to life in amazing technology, and talked about walking around like people. Teddy is a dinosaur detective who has never taken seriously, but after a dinosaur was murdered, he gave the case to work on, but he had to be partner with the toughest gang of all, Katie Coltrane (Whoopi Goldberg). It's up to this midnight Duo to solve the murder, and it's up to the audience to stay awake long enough to make it to this crud piece. <br /> Teddy starts the picture as a normal act act, but at the end it is unbearable to listen. For some reason together with being a detective, it's also a bad comedy with a malicious impersonator. It makes imitation of people more popular and accentuated, and it has some really terrible lines. Whoopi blames her for farting and she says, "It's not my trumpet!" Wow! What a little, immature lines, even for a kid's kid's caliber. Whoopi is also harassed and rude to everyone. I was hoping Teddy would bite himself on the entire length of the film. <br /> <br /> This movie never knew what she wanted to be. When the futuristic scene and action occur, there is no comedy or humor. In any non-action scenes, the characters try to be as funny as they can, which just result in nonstop right facing boring. The scene of action does not work as they are too unhealthy and not violent enough, and as stated earlier, the comedy is just a bunch of massacre jokes. Nothing ever works here. <br /> Having a dinosaur / detective Duo looks like a very original movie, if nothing else. Nope! This movie is a great rip-off of Who framed Roger Rabbit. Just replace dinosaurs and cartoons, and put it in the future, and it's precise the same plot. A man dies, death is a dinosaur. A dinosaur and detective resolve the murder, a toon and detective resolve the murder. The bad guys of Roger Rabbit are Christopher Lloyd and weed. The bad guys here are a guy who sounds like Christopher Lloyd and guys acting just like the weeds. The club scene at Rabbit Roger where Jessica Rabbit goes downstairs is imitation of dinosaurs. This is a great rip-off in a better movie! <br /> <br /> In general, this is a bad movie, not even worthy of the right VHS high. Rating: 1/2 from ****. 90 minutes. PG for serious violence, racial and humorous humor.
