I watched this immediately after seeing HILLSIDE CANNIBALS so anything would be an improvement. On top of that it stopped me from comparing ZOMBI 3 to 28 DAYS LATER and its end. Unfortunately more I watched him more and I realized how well done Danny Boyle's original was and how many this movie was influenced 28 WEEKS LATER <br /> One can not help noticing how much the 28 franchise was dating this type Italian horror movie. I was totally convinced that ZOMBI 3 was due in 1980 or 1981 to the last lot - In that case I would have called my summary 28 years later (Geddit?) - but was not until I came to this page to find it released in 1988. All production values ​​are called to be a low budget shooter from the party very early this decade. I might have liked this movie as a fifteen year old schoolboy in 1982 as there would be my peers but not now <br /> Many of the issues involve a lack of internal continuity. For some of the zombie shuffle over and the speed of a snail while others can run very fast and poses self awareness that leads to a ridiculous scene scene involving a DJ. Likewise some may die at a kick in the face while others stay alive even if they have themselves cut off, wait until you see the fridge scene, you might just die laugh. Even the serious characters suffer from this type of scripts scripting scripts where a sudden suddenly reveal character is a helicopter pilot leading me to ask why the army hired him to drive jeeps for a career <br /> <br /> Obviously you 'you remember in the earlier movie the crises that also remember me in the movie later 28. The bug of terrorists breaks into scientific basis that leads to all kinds of disasters and the military were the bad guys trying to kill both the infected and Survivors and long before the finish you will work out that basically everyone dies. The problem with this is you will immediately be reminded of how the British franchise has made it so much better on a larger budget. Not only that but the franchise 28 will appeal to a thoughtful audience that can have little interest in the average horror film. ZOMBI 3 will appeal to no one, but a hardcore Splash audience
