Title: Zombie 3 (1988) <br /> <br /> Principal: Most Lucio Fulci, but also Claudio Fragasso and Bruno Mattei <br /> <br /> Include: Ottaviano DellAcqua, Massimo Vani, Beatrice Bag, Deran Serafin < <br /> <br /> Review: <br /> <br /> To revise this flicker and get some good background in it, I have to start the start. And the beginning of this is really George Romeros Dawn of the Dead. When Dawn came from 79, Lucio Fulci decided to make an excerpt and call it Zombies 2. That film is one of us known as plain zombie. You know the one in which the zombie fighting with the shark! OK so after that flicker movie (named zombie 2 in Italy) out, he made a big piece of cash, the Italians decided, hey. Lets make some more zombie flicks! Things are raking in the dough! So zombie 3 was born. Confused again? The story of this one is really just a rehash of the story we've seen in a lot of American zombie flicks that we've seen before this one, the best comparison that comes to mind is the Return of the Living Dead. Allow ... there's the government to experiment with a certain toxic gas that will turn people into zombies. Canister gets released to the general population and shebang! We get loads of zombie desires for human flesh. A bunch of people start running out of the zombies and finish in an abandoned old hotel. They have to fight the zombies to survive. There was a lot of problems during filming in this movie. First and foremost, Lucio Fulci beloved beloved of gurus from Italy was sick. So he could not really end up this movie way that he wanted. The film then was handed down to two youngest Bruno Mattei (hell of the dead living) and Claudio Fragasso (Zombie 4). They made their best of spice up a movie that was already not so good. You see Fulci herself did not really have her heart and soul on this movie flick. He was disenchanted with it. He gave the flick on the producers and fundamentally said: "Do whatever the hell you want with it!" But God loves them, they did. So ladies and gents we have as a spick zombie spit and great Fulci are credited as its "director". The main problem in my opinion is that it's just such an iron punctuation! There is no substance in it whatever! After the first few minutes of which some terrorists steal the toxic gas and accidentally released it, the rest of the flick of the film is just a bunch of blank characters that have no personalities whatsoever that runs out of the zombies. Now in some cases this can prove to be fun, if the # 1 zombie make up with zombie action is actually good and fun with # 2 there are a lot of gore and intestinal involved. <br /> <br /> Here we find it! Well there are some inspiring moments in the, for example when some eagles get infected by the gas and begin to attack people. That was cool. There is also a scene involving a flying zombie head (where the road defies all logic and explanation) and a scene with zombies coming out of the pool at the abandoned hotel and munching off a poor girl leg. But apart from that ... the rest of the flick movie just fell flat on its donkey. <br /> <br /> Endless scenes that do not make Jack to move the existing sketch together. That was my main claw and this flick of films. Lying to ending the art direction is practically non-existent. I hate it when everything looks so modest finishes! I like my b-movie, but this one just really goes down the bottom! It's closer to a z-level flicker movie, if you ask me. <br /> <br /> The zombie make up? Worst. Zombies are all Asian actors (the movie was filmed in the Philippines) so you get a bunch of Asian looking zombies. But this is not a big problem since the film was filmed in the islands of Phillipine anyway. He looked at the zombies that really absorbed! They all died with the same clothes for some reason. And what happens for zombie make up here is a bunch of black make up (more like smudges) on their face. One or two zombies had a little more complex to make up, but it was still not good enough to impress. It's just a bunch of goo infiltrators about actors are facing. So, not just this cursor slowly riding but the zombies seem like crap. These are supposed to have people die! Anyhows, for those who wait the usual calm of a flick Fulci does not come to expect it here to cause this is mostly someone else in flick of films. And those two involved (Mattei and Fragasso) did not really put the heart and soul into it. In fact, when you see the extra on the DVD you'll see that when Fragasso asked about his recompilation and his feelings about this here flicker, he did not even take it seriously. You can say it is ashamed of it and on many occasions it says "just had a job done and made it". And that my friend is the last nail on this movie flick. There is no love, and no heart put in doing this movie. Therefore, you get a half assed, zombie flick zombie. <br /> Only to complete or those who want to have or see every zombie flick ever made. Everyone else, do not even bother! Rating: 1 of 5
