In 1979, Lucio Fulci released her movie Zombi. However, due to the earlier import of George Romero's death of the deceased, who went to that name for his Italian liberation, he was rescued Zombi 2. (Which also had the bonus to let the audience think this was a end of the second movie Romero). Continuing this theme, Zombi's second film, which would be called Zombi 2, was then titled Zombi 3. In the UK, the original Zombi Movie (that is, Zombi 2) was titled "Zombie Flesh Eater ". To continue this theme, Zombi's second movie (Zombi 3) ​​was then titled "Zombie Eat Eater 2" for its UK release. (Do you follow all these things?) So, if zombie eat feeders was the Dawn Fulci, then is his 2 Day of the Dead? While this is just a flippant observation, this story of military compounds, helicopters and a plodding narrative certainly brings a resemblance to thematic waves. Some in the direction of the European Fulci are forced into a movie like this, but acting, doubling and displaying the heavily awkward scripts. Its ecological message is so compulsive and overdone it can not be considered a subtext, while there is an unintentionally hilarious homerous bird homage. Combining this latest element with MOR 80s stone is not a good idea. For some reason I could not stop thinking of time in the Apes (q.v.) ever I watched this. This is obviously not a good thing. <br /> While there is nothing here rival topless scuba diving, zombie zombie sharks and eyeballs on a Splinter, the Middle Misogynistic Fulci get a work out with a mouth cleaner to the hotel being ground in a mirror until it tasted blood. His gore predilections also saw a hand off. Both terms combine when a woman's face breaks off, first by one zombie, then a zombie fetus that tears out a woman's pregnant woman's womb. <br /> <br /> Production-wise, this is obviously a step up from Zombi, coming five years later. (Nine years of worldwide liberation term). But the original low-key bar code reads, while Stefano Mainetti's music is inappropriate and uninspired. Fabio Frizzi's note was one of the best things about the movie '79. Here are zombie attacks being played out of what sounds unnervingly like Bonnie Tyler's "Holding for a Hero". In the midst of this carnage we get an interest in Irrigation, and Roger and Kenny, two types of malo macho who do everything with acrobatics and always indicate the obvious. ("We are out of ammunition" in a stalling weapon is a particular exception). But where it also falls down is in the zombies themselves. Low key or not, the original Fulci was truly magnificent, zombie decomposition. Skull faces, glass of eye support ... they really were something to see. Conversely, this followed the most traditional "male and a bit of paint on their" options. <br /> <br /> The bigger points too many movies Romero even must be funny, while the DJ use is a kitchen and cheap narrative device. No element of evenness and free nudity in the first, this is easy to have the same call. <br /> It seems that Fulci actually walked out on the project after being directly reported just fifteen minutes, the rest being filmed by Bruno Mattei. I'm just sure that even Fulci would have balked in the scene of "flying zombie head" scene, and so the credit director has the good sense to leave. Unfortunately, however, it's his name above the movie titled on releases, so the majority of people will stay with the impression that this is a Fulci movie in and through. On this scale then it is a major setback for him, for this film to commit what you imagine Fulci would consider the worst crime of all: that they were boring.
