This film was recently released on DVD in the U.S. and I finally got the chance to see this hard-to-get gem. It even comes with original theatrical theory of classical Italian horror such as "SPASMO" and "BEYOND DARKNESS". Unfortunately, the forecasts were the best thing about this movie. <br /> <br /> "ZOMBI 3" in a rare way is actually linked to Lucio Fulci's franchise "ZOMBIE" which began in 1979. Similarly compared to "ZOMBIE", "ZOMBI 3" consists from a threadbare scheme and a handful of very bad actors who keep this 'horror movie' barely afloat. The gore is almost non-existent (unless one is frightened by people running around with mosses on their face) and dubbing the English is a nasty tooth. The plot of this time around involves some sort of Covert military operation and a bunch of scientific inept (ie an idiotic and stupid male-side-kicking woman) who develops some sort of chemical called "one death" which should assume the dead. Unless my ears should be checked, I do not even remember a reason for the search in "Death One". It seems to EXIST only to hurt the poor grounds that made mistakes for choosing 'stars' in this cinema street. Anyway, "Death One" experimented on a corpse (whom I swear to look like Yul Brynner), and after injection into his system, he sat upright with his self-esteem! The sound effects are also quite hilarious - as the bulb's face and green chimneys, the sound of 'pinched paper' can be heard. The "toxin one" toxin is transported out and it is 'hi-jacked' by a group of thieves where one is off with it, but infects itself after cutting itself on an exposure flake. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, the guy turned into a zombie, but not before he did his timely escape to a cheap motel, infect a porter porter and kill a maid by pushing his face into a toilet mirror (!). The wind catches the military in this and immediately takes action before 'eliminating' everyone who is unlucky enough to be in 'zone contamination' and turning the motel upside down. They get the infected thief and burn his body, only the smoke has infect a flock of birds flying on the fireplace stack (!). We cut off the introduction of a group of people who are on leave out of the army, listening to 'groovy music' that comes from a little dinky boom boom while completing a trailer-load charge of slutty girl leaning from windows and show off the chests. Can someone say "eat zombie"? We also have a sub-draw involving a girl and her companion driving a car that stops inspecting a group of birds lying on the road ... The same birds have been infected by the 'zombie smoke'! <br /> <br /> The birds attack the companion and the girl driving away to a desert gas station to seek water. This is one of the most incredibly hilarious moments in the movie. She walks around the old, rusty and obviously abandoned building where she continues to ask aloud, "HELLO? Is there any here? Please, I just need some water!" He meets a group of zombies, one of which is tied to a wall (!) And the other is swinging a machete. After a bit of rumbling and rolling around on the ground, it saves but not before blowing up the gas station with its lighter. <br /> Meanwhile, the birds attacked the harassment trailer of whore and a girl gets pecked and infected. They all pulled up at the same motel where the original infection took place, and this is where the second most hilarious moment in the film takes place. After a matter of hours (one day at the most), the same motel is now crazy in dust, growing vines throughout it, and seems to have been sitting derelict for years. Anyway, is the best place to take shelter than this particular building? Needless to say, the band starts to break as many people walk together to find themselves stuck in an extremely stupid situation involving a zombie attack. <br /> <br /> The third most hilarious mom's anxiety moments and a woman who explores a desert village, in which the woman comments, "this mule is a shovel!" She then continues to get 'pushed' on a balcony by a zombie in pirahna (?) Infected water where her leg has blown off and gets into a zombie in seconds! Meanwhile, his friend returned to the motel who got pecked and infected HOURS earlier is still turning into a zombie! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, there are just too many inconsistencies in this movie that make this movie just too stupid for words. For example, the time relative to the infected people was 'zombified' very different. Sometimes it takes a second, sometimes it takes hours. Some zombies run, others drag their feet and walk really slowly. Some even make kung-fu move, while others hide under deck of human surprise. Some of the zombies even talk! This fouling moment of course is the infamous "head of the gimmy fridge 'zombie that' elevates' itself in mid-air with an 'assault' man who goes looking for food. Funnily enough, his girlfriend gets her throat Worn out of it 'without head' counter-party (LMAO!) The biggest desire for me though the lack of line-lines involved people in fact killed by zombies. We never get to see them back Zombies, in reality these only we see 'zombified' are the ones that pecked by the birds and the one girl who gets her legs biting. Other than that, I was at least expected the couple who died in the kitchen in and / or the guy who died on the bridge back as zombie. It is also amazing that these zombies only take a few 'bites' and then move on to the next victims. <br /> <br /> The most ridiculous moment was in the course of the fetus of a zombie A pregnant woman was infected lying on a bed in a hospital A woman seems to have a lot of 'medical knowledge' trying to deliver the baby (!) has her face pulled n a zombie, before she gets herself pushed into the woman's womb where a hand bursts out and rises to the rest of her face. Timeless! <br /> As usual, all characters are perfect stereotypes of this genre. The megalomaniacal military officer, the supportive women of the siege called the killers, the obvious characters that are about to kill (meaning looking for the man chasing a chicken!) I guess this movie really is a comedy. There have been many scandalous scenes, such as the sound that has blown up with a hand grenade (obviously the scenes where the whole budget is over) and a climatic scene where a man calls, "I'm DRUG .... dirt for you BLOOD! ". The costumes are really bad - the same zombies reproduced throughout the film, wearing same 'Asian-like' clothes that can be found in a Bruce Lee movie, and watch out for the 60-year-old blue skirt of the girl in the motel when he and his companion hit the infected man. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie leaves the door as usual for the apocalyptic-line story. A radio DJ that tells the whole movie looks like a zombie himself and warns her listeners about 'at the beginning of the end' while the two survivors take in a helicopter. Always "DAWN OF THE DEAD" the material if you ask me. Regardless, this film delivers a lot of laughter. The gore is minimal, and what gore there, it is very compelling, let alone inimaginate. The usual blend of black blood, thick green goo oozing from crying sores and 'zombie make-up' including in moss green. "ZOMBI 3" makes for a good rental for a sleep-on party or night in beer and popcorn. Otherwise, horror fans should stay away. <br /> <br /> 3 out of 10
