Zombie 3 starts as a group of heavily armed robbers who develop an experimental chemical developed to pick up the dead, while attempting to escape the man fired at the metal container to keep the chemically breached. The man gets some of the green chemicals on a wound on his hands that soon after turning it into a meat eating cannibalistic zombie. In a few hours the surrounding area is crawling with the meat on the unseen east on the look out for fresh victims, Kenny (Deran Sarafian) & his friends find themselves in great trouble as they stop helping Patricia (Beatrice bag ) & her friend Lia (Debora Bergammi) has been pecked by zombie birds (!). General Morton is in charge of the situation & stopped the zombie pillow from spreading to the whole world! But will he & his guys succeed? <br /> This Italian film product was directed by Italian movie film film Lucio Fulci but the story goes on to suffer a stroke and therefore could not end the movie so producer Franco Gaudenzi asked second unit director Bruno Mattei & writer Claudio Fragasso at the stage & complete the movie. Apparently Mattei & Fragasso did more than just finish it actually neglected a lot of injection the Fulci shot & added a lot of their own & Zombi 3 ended up almost like a fifth 50/50 split. The script by Fragasso is an absolute mess, none of it is well thought out and is just as stupid as it gets. Angry birds attack people are not only technically inept but the whole idea is just absurd. The zombies themselves have no consistency too, look at the scenes where Patricia is on the bridge & the zombies are slow as they shuffle together, but then look at the earliest scene aside by being attacked by the zombie and The machete because one runs around like it in steroids, then for any reasonable explanation about 10 minutes before the movie ends the zombies suddenly develop the ability to talk similar to Daft. There are many things that are wrong with Zombi 3, scenes after the scene many people thought out & actionlessly led, the terrible character & really matched English-speaking conversation that does not mean half the time. Then there is the nasty scene where the head zombie inside the fridge suddenly develops the ability to fly through the air & bites Someones neck, the scene when the guy in white suit contamination at the end is about to kill Kenny & Roger but instead using the automatic rifles they decide to try and kill them at hand, even when Kenny chooses a gun himself always refuses to use the rifles and when Kenny starts shooting them all they still refuse to use the rifles & it's one in the most ineptly busy scene ever put movie & then there's the end of where Kenny takes off of the helicopter but can not rest it down on the ground for literally a few seconds to pick her buddy up and Then a sudden sudden fall of zombies from under some hay piles, what? Since did zombies hide themselves alone by pile of grass? This all can sound 'fun' but believe me it's not, it's a really bad movie that's just boring, repetitive & simply does not work on any level as a piece of entertainment except for a few unintentional laughs. <br /> <It's hard to know who was responsible for what exactly but not one of the foot is particularly well injected. She has a thin african feel about her & for some reason the musicians have tried to bath each stage of steam, the problem is they just have only one fog machine & you can see that in a corner of the steam screen The water is noticeably thicker as it will come straight from the car & thinned out as it disperses across the scene. Since a lot of it is set during the day it does not add any sort of atmosphere too & when getting it right & the mist is spread even across the screen it just seems to have shot the scene on a blur day! The direction is poor with no consistency and it just looks & feels down in the barrel thing. Even the blood & gore is not so many, there is a sharp gory but at the beginning, a scene when something is torn from the womb of a pregnant woman, a legless woman (who actually takes her legs off to the pool by the way & why did not take the legs over the guy who jumped to save it?) & a few OK looking zombie is as gory as it gets. For anyone who hopes to see a gore festival like in which Fulci regularly served up late 70's and early 80's will be very disappointed, no decent food scene, no triple, no stand out 'top shots' and many little gore are all .. Technically the movie is poor, the special effects are good looking, the cinematography is dull, the music is awful, where they are bland and has the value of rock production below. This was actually shot in the Philippines to keep the price down to a minimum. The film is all awkwardly armed, the act always looks awful though & the English version seems to have been written by someone who does not understand the language well. <br /> <br /> Zombi 3 is not a sequel to the classic Zombie Gore Fest 2 Festivals (1979), it has nothing to do with it's all apart from the cash-title title. I'm sorry, but Zombi 3 is an amateur mess in a movie, it's boring, it makes no sense, it's not funny enough to be fun and it lacks any decent pods. One to avoid.
