Where do I start? I wanted to enjoy this movie, and I did. Still, I wanted to be able to enjoy it for being a zombie movie that was worth to spoil me, and it was not. This was a different kind of fun. This was unhealthy, a bad guys who I participated in watching one of the most ridiculous films to see again. And I do not care much about Fulci's requirements, there was no excuse for this movie going how it went. This was a bad movie all the way around, but I still cant give it below a 4 out of ten, which is what I gave it, because well ... at least I could laugh at this misfit in a movie . br> <br /> I have imagined these zombies, which were all over the ceilings of these buildings everywhere ... they were imagining being either bored as hell for pulling up on the beems, and peach The tall peaks on rock erections, or they have seen living in motley's living creatures in the cannula-compromises that come around, so they took it over the heads of many aerial steps. Hell, what else has to do when you die? <br /> I was laughing at some zombies doing what looked like to be martial arts balancing, kicks, and jumping, and some shambling on like traditional meatlovers. I made my eyes on a floating head that never explained. I looked at the horror of horror as the lands of the Phillipenes, were absolutely swollen in the fog, heavy dose of fog, and the ponds were just as they were boiling soft castles. I had to even cringe when I saw that the design for a cure for this disease was drawn on a board as an octagon and stretching lines from each angle, and "Dead One" written in the middle. I asked myself ... if science of healing zombie is that easy, then I wonder if I could come up with a little bit to start a zombie epidemic here! <br /> <br /> All of all the effects were over, the surprising dubbing, I'm sure the original acts as poor, the absurd story, the consistent zombies, even in a bad way they could all seem, and Women are ugly, but I find myself enjoying this thing. It was a fun look. It turned out to be a very bad movie, and I would not recommend this unless one of the bad movie films is fimal, but still, again I say ... it's worth a good laugh. I wanted zombie movie no matter what, but then the name Fulci was attached to it, it would have been better. Let me dare say, Holocaust zombie was better.
