Although the likeliness of someone who focuses on the commentary among the other 80's for this movie is low, I feel that I have to say something about this one. I am not the movie-watcher who pays attention to the production value, thought-provoking dialogue, or brilliant acting and directing. However, I claim that this film sucks. I do not know why I do not like it ... I mean it's almost everything I want out of a horror movie: bloody, outrageous, unintentional humor, etc. According to this proof it would be my favorite. Still, Zombi 3 is a movie baaad. There are just too many things that force you to call on the screen. As the girl leaves the host guy when the cars break down to get water (this does not spoil anything to not worry). She walks in what I see as an abandoned hotel or something. Is it not seen that there was a friggin Lake 'in the middle of the building ??? Yes he is looking for water and passing a lake. Why? Cuz wants to know why people (who did not kuz the abandoned place) will not answer when he called out: "Is anybody there?" Oh this is just a little, insignificant piece of the big picture I paint. <br /> There is one reason, but why did I give this movie more than 1 star. It's one of these movies where if you forget how bad it really is, as I have a few times, you'll want to look it again because it's just over-the-top in every aspect. I call it bloody in the first paragraph, but this movie has no blood, it has a sea of ​​gore. Also, it has very strange creatures in it as well: a zombie-baby (with an adult-size hand ???) and a magic head flying not only two. <br /> <br /> You know when you try to think of the worst and cheesiest movies ever made and come with the 'Sci-Fi 50 movies? I believe Zombi 3 and movies like it should be these. It has all the elements: scientists argue with the government, warnings of the apocalypse on the radio, host fighting monsters, and so on. This is Plan 9 of the '80! While I will not say that this is a waste of money if you want to buy it, just expect the very worst. But when you find that the worst wait is to underestimate Zombi 3, it will not be all that bad. You might actually like it, I do not say that this is impossible. <br /> Do not think I hate this movie, I'm not ... really. Oh, P.S. Kill birds (aka zombie 5) rules! (Did I just blush my credibility?)
