I'm an avid fan of Lucio Fulci, and yet I must say that "Zombi 3" (aka "Zombie Flesh Eater 2") in 1988, which he did with two other directors, Bruno Mattei and Claudi Fragasso, was quite a deception. Specifically compared to his great predecessor, Fulci is very own classic Gore "Zombi 2" (aka "Zombie Fels Eater" / "Zombie") in 1979, this is vastly disappointing. Sure, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it's not a good movie, but these low ratings usually come from non-Italian zombie flicks, and as enthusiastic fans of Italian horror films and low-budget exploitation Movies, dear movie that has only been rewarded with much lower ratings. Also, many of my fellow Italians horror seems to think in this movie as underrated, which I sadly disagree with. Not that the movie was a complete disaster. It has some kind of lucrative, above all Fulci's horrid fragrance, which is always a pleasure to look for a French Italian / Gore Frog. The core idea behind the movie is also not bad (allthough far from the original) and I liked the painless painting of the military. Unfortunately, that's about it. While the great predecessor "Zombi 2" was very gory, but beyond that too is really crap, this is not to climb or frighten for a minute, and feed and often grotesque gore is the real reason to watch "Zombi 3 ". The film is sometimes fun to watch, but only for the Gore, and as an unintentional comedy. I guess it was mostly the gorus that came from Fulci, with the irritating rest that came from Mattei and Fragasso, the first of which involved a bunch of nasty-flicks (like D'Amato's "Porno Holocaust "), and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, the god-terrible" troll 2 ". In general, this is definitely watching for Gore, but from all of my movies I've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and I've seen the majority of this big movie repertoire. I'm a Fulci fan, and I'm still, but that's sure it's not his magic moments. It may be fun for the gor, but I recommend looking at any other Fulci movie before that!
