I've seen this movie twice, and I must say I enjoyed it both times. It's fast paced and fun, but finally Daft. Having said that she deserves to be trashed because they bend up what could be a good follow up to the fondue original. It is clear to those who have seen the 'zombie-violent zombie violence' that the massive shortcomings films can be the Bruno Mattei, and that little of which is commendable on it can be Fulci. This is by no means Fulci sycophancy, the director styles are quite unlike at all, and you can tell who is directing what, especially in Mattei's case. The movie is centered around the epidemic of a virus (weirdly referred to as 'secret' head by a scientist, it's apparently more important to note than its apocalyptic effect on humanity ) somewhere in south east Asia. The virus causes zombies such as the behavior of people affected, and the virus quickly spreads through a seemingly arbitrary area of ​​land. Our accompagnateurs are unjustly wandering into the danger zone, and have to fight for their lives against hordes of infected Asians. The film seems to be glued halfway between them was a movie movie zombie, with an out and out action adventure, and this confusion is captured more clearly by the zombies themselves. They do not seem to have a set of common features at all. Some of the regular varieties of melting are so well-known in the original, and probably the creation of the Fulci here. The other main group consisting of people infected with the virus has lost all sense of self, but is born a wild aggression and a desire to earn a black belt in ninjitsu: Indecisively leaping around safely if they continue to wake up puck techniques upstairs or engage with the brothers in what looks like a massive feudal victim on their hapless victim. Martial arts skills are not only talented ones either, they are well versed in tactical guerrilla, hiding on buttons and under bullets in grass, and sometimes inexplicably falling out of nowhere, but the skies themselves. This is all definitely the work of Mattei. <br /> There is a third, more graphics, variety of zombies. This type apparently maintains a sense of irony as well as 'I'm really thirsty for your blood'. The ridiculous fat at the end of which the DJ turns zombie, but continues to preach ad libby gibberish on the fate of mankind, only serving to enhance the WTF factor and eradicate all hope of a serious resolution. There are tough zombies heading that slowly pushes itself into the air, a skeletal skeleton skeleton fighting across his face, as if to say 'yes we know how bad this looks'. <br /> <br /> Characters are all one dimension as you would expect. But its the pseudo comic and dubbing dialogue that really hinders us combat them seriously. Did you say that the first soldier killed an impressive warrior expression against an unstoppable zombie threat. Indeed this is the first and perhaps only our time to hit real zombie agro, and one of the only effective performances of the movie. <br /> <br /> The guy who plays the scientist at heart has heart, but no talent, uses pauses in his line entirely at random, so he ends up sounding like a confused ash. The scientists 'on screen attempts to find an antidote are totally compelling' now allow putting these two molecules together! <br /> <br /> There are moments that beat out as really effective however. In an early stage a female protagonist explores an abandoned garage. Upon entering a room we confront a vast look at a moving face in the corner with a mass squirming on the floor, all shot in an air diffused light. The silence is cut off by the appearance of a quick hacking zombie handling that everything in his wake up to his alarming despair has it. His absolute adventures are one of the few moments of real horror in the movie. The first and subsequent terms transmitted to the hotel that plays the army in the earlier stage of the epidemic, and later as a shelter in our protagonists imprinted with a thick humid ambience. There is a scene in which one of the soldiers cautiously approaches a climbing up room that clearly hides the hordes of the undead, and this is quite agitated. Things become more dramatic when they climb the top of the hotel to know what's upstairs. But this is sloppily occupied and not as effective as it could. <br /> Of all I would say this movie can be just about deserving to be called a royal vice up to a potentially effective tropical zombie fest, rather than simply a through and in bad movie. If nothing else it has a lot of unwitting laughs that I have come to expect from just about anything Italian and gory from the eighties.
