I can not stand Lars van Trier's indifferent film. I consider 'breaking the waves' nothing less than a prince. I liked 'dancer in the night'. I admire the idea of ​​'dogville' but the overall exercise looks at me too dry and too theater, less movies. 'Europe' I see now was a famous movie of his time, achieving success in the United States in a European film and having received the Oscar for the best foreign language film, but did not survive quite time in my opinion. It is also an excessive explicit exercise and extraterrestrial in my tasting movie art. <br /> <br /> The story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer. Treat the period that immediately followed the second world wars in the black and white colors of victory and victory, runners and victims but as rather limiting times when people from both sides fought for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that changed Life in the nations and people forever is always a source of discussion even today, more so they were novel and vigorous decades ago. But it is the meaning of expression that really does not appear to fit into the work. The film looks like a lot of quotes down directly to the films of Hitchcock, especially her early film set in the pre-War Europe, and British spyware brave fighting German spy spies on trains crossing at the fast continental speed in the dark. The trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatization. Here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of Germany after war, in its strength, in its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and civility. The characters that populate the train are far from being the classic classic spy stories or bad guys. The principal character of a young American who has German origin comes in post-war Europe wants to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, and more liberals like oppressive occupants, and the victory Do not resign from fate, but rather want to continue on the path of self-destruction, and love doubtfully mixing with betrayal. It is again this classic movie treatment that betrays the director in this case. The actions of the characters, especially in Leopold Kessler played by Jean-Marc Barr looks confused, and lack credibility. Overall recording looks like Hitchcock-like but rather out of a bad imitation of Hitchcock in the late 30s. The color of the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time at the time of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. That's not what Van Trier has to master his art, but it's too much to demonstrate, it looks like it's too hard to show that it's a great success. It's really great, as it will show off some of his later films, but it will let the viewers decide this alone.
