... but I hope the best of Caroline Munro. He did some good movies, and I hoped this would be just as good. As a matter of fact, he and this other blonde girl (the girl who got electrocuted I think) were the only two from the 8-11 actors who can act. This movie has the worst act I've ever seen. almost as psycho '(1998). The really dumb part was when the woman was in the shower and her rigged martyts poured into the batter. He starts to scream, and his cry is probably the most annoying sound of the whole world. She tries to get out, but "accidentally" falls back in. I'll admit, the violence and story is good, along with Harry Manfredini's musical music, but the act may have been a lot better. There were two other characters, Frank and Joe. I do not know about you, but they make a strange resemblance to acryloid teeth. Also, when found that fry the woman's body in the tub, you would think they might be screaming and barfing. No. Caroline Munro and blonde women are the only people to react. Frank and Joe barely show no signs of fear or disgust. I do not know about you, but I know that if I saw a fried skeleton of one of my best friends, I would have fun. Also, when joe starts saying something like "what happened to marty was an accident, it was not our fault." It says it's nervous or scary but barely shows any facial expressions. Then the blonde girl started shouting and said, "I frank Frank!". and she grabs joe. I guess the actress really did not know that guy was that. The end of the film is the most confusing thing I have ever seen. more confusing than the highest points in "jaws: the revenge". All eight dead ends dead, Marty kills them all, but then you see something that looks like it was chased by the rotten corps, and then it just cuts martyne to the hospital from the accident and then when the movie ends, Marty dressed like a nurse trying to sedate her, but then we see that Marty has gotten into her dress or somethin as a killer, a doctor, and movie in the end of martyred peeling on his face. which leads me to the next question. WHAT DOES A WRITER WHO I HAVE ME ??? he actually expected people to understand just what the hell happened? The finish left me so confused. were the characters still alive? Is Marty Still Holding A Bad? Did the events we just saw not happen again or not all? I do not know. In general, this film was very mute. Acting aspired, the music was okay, the story was very decent (except for the finish). Basically, this is just one of your average 80s boy slasher flicks. See it only for harry manfredini and caroline munro. 2/10 <br /> <br /> P.S. - Simon Scuddamore (Marty) committed suicide shortly after release the film from intentional drug abuse. I guess it was the only person who knew this movie was what he really was. A pile of SH **
