The film opens with a flashback in Doddsville High School on April's Fool's Day. A group of students play a tour on Marty's nerves. When they are punished to play their whipping, they follow up with a bigger tour (par for the course of slasher flap that involves touring on nerd class) going ridiculously suddenly leaving Marty simultaneously burning in fire and defying by acid for the sake of to be thorough. Within five years, we find members of the student's body gathered at the school now abandoned for the five-year meeting. We find that it is not coincidence that all of the reunion belonged to the click of pranksters from the flashback scene, as all the participants were tackled and killed by a mysterious masquerade-masked bandit in the increasingly More complicated and intuitive-numbingly fashionable brands. It does not take Sherlock Holmes to solve the mystery of the killer's identity, as it is revealed to be none other than a scarred Marty who was seemingly was using his nervous rage and high intelligence to bend the laws of physics and engineering in order to tie the school for his revenge scenario. The film takes a turn for the darkness as Marty finishes her revenge on her former tormentor, only to be haunted by the ghosts. Marty is finally pushing completely over the edge and taking his own life. Finally, the movie exploded in a crescendo of strange interviewees as the whole revenge scenario revealed to be a dream in the first place as Marty awakened in a hospital bed, free breaks in his restrictions, sewing a nurse, and ultimately disfiguring himself he faces. <br /> <br /> The script is tired and suffers from a terminal block of logic movie logic. The only originality comes from the idea-numbingly common to the way the victims are sent. Her absence was-all-a-dream that ended up mad. It's almost as if someone pointed out the breakfast nature of the movie and the writer decided then and there was a dream. <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the film is atrophy. Some scenes were filmed so dark that I paused the movie and played with the color on my TV. The act is sub-par, even for flap slasher. I can not help but think that casting was part of the problem as all of the actors looked at least five years older than the characters they showed, making the flashback scene even more unintentionally mockingly. Their lack of commitment to the movie made obvious as half of them can not disrupt the right accents in the movie. <br /> <br /> All that is said, if you love bad horror movies, you can be like this one, too. It's not the worst movie in the genre, but it's far from the best.
