I do not know if these issues are more blatant in Direction or Script. As you will see in many review the correction style is how to cancel. It is absolutely distracted and bloody substance, which might be considered a good thing if you look at some of the quotes from the movie. I have not written a lot of reviews here, but felt this movie was so awful that it deserves comment. Movies such as eros in this movie make such an Art form. Movies like this one show more and more clearly that the actual reality of movies is revealing the quality of the characters behind them. People with bones have craft, have 5 wires, and have business sense - negligence have their own inner life. However I do not put blame on them, it is more and more the unfortunate condition of this age - qualified by such film as this one. But by proxy these Manufacturers I'd dare not call Artists vomit have lack of interior life or regard to the screen - diffusing it to everyone. A story of bounty hunters, weapons guns and more weapons, heavily released flaunting of sex - for the active actress oh (were the sculptor dancing scene after signing it?), On saturated, over exaggerated, a covered liner , linear cemetery. All different and yet all the same. Annoying overwhelming music pushes the emotion down to your throat. A story? a character development? or just holding, missing information, revealed at the end to create * effect * in a story - as if one had taken place. It altogether misses anything remotely similar to intricacies. It is a cartoon of stereotypes and genres. Where are the films and awareness? What about the intricacies of sound and music that you do not even know is there? What about the depth of a look? What about correction and a point on mind and awareness? Yes even in action films can happen. Ensure they have a craft; But what use it without soul or wisdom? in the insight of the human condition? Did the people comment and say that this is an artifact of art, or compared this to Picasso and others - I say this next Gandhi or the Godfather, even the original trilogy of star wars or the Lord of bag; Then look at me in the face and tell her again. It's a good crew, but they need some help and depth and history. I hope to find it because I love team work before. best chance next time.
