We served - a terrible movie. <br /> Well, I'll admit that since I'm white and there was no practical experience in the "competitive world of dancing," I could not exactly have an authority on this type of film. On the other hand, I know a bad move picture when I see it. <br /> And boy, I just saw him. <br /> The Low-Budget Vision and "Ian Iqubal Rashid", ("A Touch of Pink"), "How Bad" tells the story of how important it is to follow one's dream - though Their dreams include popping around loud, irresistible hip-hop music and talking people's dialogue would not mean if he had an international translator. I will try to give a small overview of the "scheme." First of all there are two similar actors LL Cool J who work in a car shop in Toronto (Mecca in racial diversity), but still have time to practice dancing for eight hours a day. <br /> Some other guys in this "crew", including a white dude dude and a guy who looks like Denzel Washington in "Malcolm X." There are also two women in the movie - one similar to Serena Williams and other looks like Geraldine from the old "Flip Wilson Show." One of these women was expelled from a private college because his parents spent all of his tuition on a drug-addicted sibling. The other girl, a member of Salt N Pepa, is no doubt, it's just plain not good. <br /> There is another guy who looks like Eddie Murphy's buckwheat, while still another actor in a huggy hit-off bear. These guys are rival stage dancers. Obviously, this activity is very hard-core of the 'hood', and they all practiced for the great "Monster Monster" in Detroit. Since I was able to understand 90 percent of the dialog (perhaps some subtitles might be useful, as in a Bergman movie or a music video by Snow), it's hard to explain what's happening, other than having a lot of discussions, serena The Williams Girl (who never smiles, by the way) becomes a freelance stepper (moving from group to group), some stage-dancing and a lot of irritating hip-hop music. <br /> It's a typical-wealth-wealth story; The sort of like "Rocky" with a really bad band, "Rudy" and annoying music rap in the background, "Cry Freedom" without laughter. But why a movie - that could have a big impact on black hearing - have to include addicted drugs, bad parents and a title that sounds like a first-class saying the phrase, "how does it move"? <br /> I was "moved" by this movie, however. Move to the theater as quickly as possible.
