This was another dark Christmas-related title, a low-budget Mexican output from movie-maker Cardona exploits (Night of the Bloody Apartments [1969], TINTORERA! [1977]), which ?? how much a genre effort in this country ?? has been acquired for release to the United States by K. Gordon Murray. Judging by the two already mentioned efforts, Cardona was no visionary ?? And, this one has already received its part in flakes over here, is certainly not better! The film, in fact, is quite redone to the etirdness that characterizes Outland horror from the era, but given a dimension added by virtue of the garish color (which, in view of the importance of reds? Apa de St Nick Himself, the Devil plays a major role in the procedures at all, was essential). Anyway, in a nutshell, the plot involves Satan's efforts to drown Santa Christmas' Christmas Eve appointments with the children of the Earth; There are, however, many wackiness along the way: to start with, our downright, white-babard and chronically happy man-in-red life in a celestial palace that, apart from accompanying kids game markers from all over the world on piano him as they sing (work for the first reel!) in their native language, visit Merlin ?? The renowned magician of King Arthur's court, here is bafflingly, but amusingly trendy children like jumps and mumbling gibberish! ?? Once every year finds potions that would bring the young drowsiness and surrender invisible (by the way, the presence of the Wizard's Wizard here is no less easy than it was a cohort of Dr. Frankenstein's grandson of Dracula [1974] !! ); Incidentally, by this time, it has always seemed to have some excess weight ?? So Santa worked out in order to be able to fit into each primate fireplace! The Antichrist Devil (enthusiastically brushes his hands together at every turn and generally hamming it up) to hold up St. Nick's, then is perfectly sluggish: true, tit-for-shenan pie looks like an old Laurel & Hardy routine more than anything! To wound out the running time, we focus on three sets of children: one son of loner of a wealthy couple who want nothing more for Christmas than companies (projected as a gay whims wanting where the boy find her parents wrapped in extra-large bunch!), a girl from a poor family who eagerly owns a doll in her own (one of her first tempting cinnamon in flying one, then invading a dream The only little in ?? no avail) and a trio of brains who, egged once again by Satan, thinks of nothing, but causing harm happens and eventually falls out amongst themselves. There is definitely the imagination of working here, but it is applied with little cold or reason, while the youthful approach to maintaining entertainment (unless one counts the movie as a pleasure gulcher) well in Bay!
