This movie Santa starts off weird and I think Santa could be a pedo. Instead of producing the usual games makers, this Santa has apparently kidnapped children from all over the globe and makes them sing a bit like the character "It's a Little World"! I guess there is no child labor laws on Astral's strange aircraft on which he lives (it looks like the North Pole and it's not on Earth) !! None of these kids are very happy and I wanted to see commands in rescue and tykes rescue, though I guess for some of the third world kids, the working conditions were perhaps an improvement on local sweatshops. I certainly hope that all of them are songs and making games. Then the scene suddenly changes in hell where many and many demons fingers on like them at a Berkeley Busby musician. This fun of putting in a stop by Satan ordered one of them, pitch, to go to the Earth to break Christmas !! Personally, I thought this film has already done so! The devil and its impenetrable are actually kind of beautiful - like Hot Stuff from the comic but fresh and cool goatees Harvey! Or, if you are Puerto Rican, like a vegan mask and a goatee! <br /> An eternal child of poverty-Mexican children called Lupita, a group of happy children who want to suck Santa and some rich kid are key battlegrounds for the Devil and Santa! So if the Prince of Darkness (by Donald Trump, it's OTHER Prince of Darkness) can somehow make his thief and be bad, he will 'win' - what, we do not really know! In fact, as it roots it, you get the impression that the movie makers intend to Santa to be Jesus - as it has all of this great power and devil's fight on children's soul! Later, Santa meets with his friends, Merlin. She asks her to make her a special powder that makes people dream of beautiful dreams. Considering the number of Santa laughs in the movie (like a demented chipmunk), I suppose he must use this drug a lot! He immediately went to see a blacksmith making him a magic key that opens the doors. Considering keeping the kids as his personal assistant, this key thing magic worries me so much! During Santa's Christmas Eve ride, you see Lupita behave like a little angel - one problem down. Santa then takes time out now to take care of the rich kid whose parents are executive. It gives them some sort of crazy drinks that magically solve their problem - solving problems. This is a rare case for alcohol / drugs HELP children and solve problems! And as for the little muggers, it gives them charcoal! Frustrated with his loss of Santa, the pig then tries to steal the sleigh (which is pulled by animation grenades). And then fails, it destroys Santa's catcher in 'magic powder'! As a result, Santa can not become invisible to avoid dogs and become tread. Yes, oh ... how can Santa take a detour to the Betty Ford clinic if he has stuck up a tree? Is St Nick getting down from the tree and get the monkey on his back or will the demons win? If you care, tune in and see. However, to be warned that the film is beaten crazy crap! <br /> <br /> Technically speaking, the movie is yecchy. While it is in color, it's really soothing. The music is mostly done on an org - that, along with the wrong song from the children, produces perhaps the worst sound I've heard in the latest memory. And the story is just incomprehensible and very, very, very creepy. Devils and a Santa who kidnaps kids are just plain crises-tasting. It's a movie you should NEVER show the kids, but make a great movie to watch with friends so you can laugh at it from start to finish!
