This has to be creepiest, toughest movie movie that I've ever clapped on, and that says something. I know that Mexican people have some odd ideas about religion, mixing ancient Aztec beliefs and traditional Christian theology. But the days of the Dead are not half scary as they take on Santa Claus. <br /> So .. .. Not some jolly, greasy-red-fatty alcohol (take a look at these rosy jaws sometime!). Instead, it is a sociopathic tile living in the sky (or sky, whichever), and a bunch of kids who work harder than one in Kathy Lee Gifford's sweat shop. They sing oh-so-beautiful traditional songs in their country while wearing such stereotypes that I was surprised was not a little African-American boy in black 'Mammy' song. This Santa is a pervert Tom pervert who watch and listen to everything that everyone comes from 'his eyes to heaven'. This is so it can tell who was naughty or beautiful (with an emphasis on those naughty, I would bet). No madam Claus, no elves (what does he need elves for when he has children work?) And the reindeer is mechanical wind-up game! This floating show freaks on a cloud, presumably kept up by its silver lining. <br /> <br /> Santa's Enemy is ... The Devil? What is this, our Lord Santa and Savior? Strange. In any case, Satan sends one of his minions, a minking, Satan doing homework called pitch, trying to screw up Christmas. Let me find this straight-force in pure purple is trying to break a completely commercial holiday with lucky driving? Looks like redundant types, not it? <br /> <br /> Fall is totally ineffectual. She tries to talk to some of the kids that they are bad, but it's not very likely. I was strongly struck by the storyline of the saintly Lupe girl, who's family is very poor. All she wants is a doll for Christmas, but her parents can not afford to buy her one (they spent all the money on the cardboard boxes that they built their homes out). So, Pitch tries to encourage her to steal a doll. In fact, the only way that a poor girl would ever find a doll, because they were saintly and prayers of God and apart from Santa does not really work. But Lupe resisted temptation and told pigs to get behind you, and so rewarded that a doll was so creepy that you just know that is Chucky's sister. <br /> <br /> All the way kitch manages to get Santa stuck in a tree (uh-huh) from where he was saved by Merlin! Merlin? You have to be kidding me! By making mythical criticisms appearing in Christmas stories, or having nothing to do with a Christian religion? Does God not agree with magic? They would burn Merlin to the pole a few hundred years ago, not asking him to come to relief in one of the aspect of God (or that I assume Santa to be, they must go against Satan). This movie is one HUH? from start to finish, and it will make you wonder if eggog you drink was not spiked or something. Probably it was, since this movie is like a giant DT day.
