Whether you watch regular versions of this monstrosity or version of MST3K, you can only be impressed by the pronounced GAL that came into this production. The creators insult the viewer's intelligence from one end to the other and obviously could not care less than they are doing. <br /> <br /> Everything about it is rock-bottom cheap. Even the 1950s 1950s in the flashback sequence of that era seems to have spread from a junkyard. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The "hobgoblins" are, as you probably know, "achieved" with sailor-sized hands and stuffed toys; When someone is supposed to attack by them, it's clear the game being held by the victim of his own body. When the creators scurry away from the security guards of this, they show (or rather, do not show) by the camera aiming UP to the guards as they look down and turn their heads as if watching the past trob hobgoblins. It's reminiscent of the scene of the movie "Tangents" where two people are standing in the ruins of a future world, surveying the year, and not showing none of it. Budget alliance constraints and incompetence pronounced generally means you will not have anything worth to show, so why try? "Together" were totally ridiculous. "Club Scum" was an obvious diner; The house seems to have been an empty house - probably for rent or sale - that the production company was kept in for an hour or two to make the shot. The "space" is something I'd been ashamed to build when I was a 10-year-old model. The motivation of the characters does not make any sense - Kevin gets out of dessert by ignoring his worth of a girlfriend because he has not done it "proud of it." I'm sure this was intended to make them reconciliation oh so touched to the end, but any guy who has real respect herself told her to go to Hell and leave it. Nick is supposedly back from 2 months of Army training (yes, pretty, Regulatory, Nick), and she looks down upon proving that our country is being defended by sadic, mammal creatures who have sex mania. Kyle is a wild phone-sex in red shorts that dreams of a night with a dominant-clad dominant dominance, but it's sly that it's more gay luck than not. One of the girls is a pride and the other is a sleaze. <br /> <br /> And the hobgoblins? At the end they all turned back to the arch where they lived for 30 years. Why? What do you know? Who cares? Watch this movie and be surprised at how primitive film-making in our modern age can be when you have an idiotic script, incompetent direction, so bad actors should be dismissed from a high school theater theater, and worthy of being Edward D. Wood, Jr.
