"House of Evil" aka "Dance of Death" in 1968 is the first of four sophisticated four-sided and fiery movies star Boris Karloff and directed by Jack Hill and Juan Ibánez. Unlike "Snake's People" (1971), "The Incredible Invasion" (also 1971) and the "Scary Chamber" (1972) released after the death of Karloff in 1969, "House of Evil" was released in 1968, when Karloff was still alive. The "Home of Evil" is considered by many as the worst of these four cinemas, which is without doubt all but wrong, but definitely have their entertainment value as their unintentional comedies. I personally prefer the "awesome room" and "House of Evil" on two other, simply for the reason that the slightest logic is even more extreme, and since there is no suspense in any of the movies, the lack In logic increases the unintentionally fun factor. <br /> <br /> The odd story (I do not know if I can really call it a 'draw') place somewhere in Europe in the 19th century. After some girls were assassinated and found with their eyes worn out, Mathias Morteval (Karloff), an enthusiastic organ player, invites some of her relatives who live in her rare castle, which is all in odd toys. Kinfolk includes Lucy Durant (Julissa), who is engaged in one of the police inspectors investigating the killers. <br /> I will not give away in the story, but I can assure you that it is quite rare in the movie. There are some very funny moments, especially Karloff's own sayings. Boris Karloff was undoubtedly one of the most brilliant and significant icons of the horror genre that ever lived, and he managed to give this odd movie a little bit of his greatness, and although (or because) his role is (due to a poor and direct script) in no way scary, it seems to deliberately play it with a sense of humor. Just like the movie successor "Snake" and the "awesome room," the female lead is once again played by Julissa. Most of her performing performances are hilariously entertaining, the cinematography is awful and places and scares are despicable. The scenario lacks the small bit of the logic and the dialog often does not make the slightest sense. It's the poor story and dialogue, however, making this movie so fun to watch. The "Home of Evil" can be a very bad attempt in a movie, but it is certainly as (unintentionally) funny as it is bad. Fans of Ed Wood's movies should be very amused, and I personally found it hilarious. Handwriting but fun, and definitely worth seeing since there's Boris Karloff in it and due to the fun factor. 3/10
