What I think I will probably love best about the new Star Wars movie, "Phantom Threats", is that it will likely blow "Titanic" out of the water, if you will forgive the pun, when it comes to boxing desert devastation office receipt, and thus hit it from the number one spot. Every time I hear someone claiming "Titanic" is the greatest movie ever seen, I think myself, "You do not see a lot of movies, you?" What a travesti. You could make 50 good films that are better than "Titanic", and for same tag price. <br /> <br /> "Well, it was a lot of academies award, many people really liked it," as one can say in its defense. Well, many people like the Spice Girls and billions and billions of people eat at McDonald's, but that does not mean it's high quality. Yes, millions of fans of Elvis can be wrong. <br /> I'll be the first person to admit, this part of the problem for me was the mega-hype on the movie. I waited a month or so to see it and finally, he did not live up to expectations to put on it, which simply called more attention to the likes stupid love love. True, "Phantom Threats" will likely suffer a similar fate. men. <br /> James Cameron in "Titanic" is. a) a gigantic cheesy action ginger disguised as a severe period of time. b) a three-hour season with its best moments giving away to the trailer. c) A happy love story beyond belief or entertainment. d) something that leaves best documentary, which I would enjoy most. e) a film and arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrates with the real ship. f) a flight of 3 hours that I will never get back, that is why the greatest motivation for a time machine I can think of. When I meet someone who does not see it again, I say, "I wish I could trade with you." g) a slap in the face of any genuine victim of hypothermia. How long do we suppose that people can bathe in cold cold water and still form intelligible sentences? h) Fortunately a movie that has not been recognized for any acting acting on the Oscars. I) a technological achievement in coils, and little else. <br /> <br /> The only reason I posted this as an anonymous comment is that I'm not welcome to the rebuttal of 10,000 thirteen year old Leonardo DiCaprio fans who will no doubt come to his defense, and I'm not really interested in hearing a defense in the history of Titanic, acting or length.
