Once upon a time there was a director by the name of James. It has made us beautiful, thrilling science fiction like Terminator and aliens. These films were BBC's made and it was looking for a fantastic future before it dawned on the early dawn of computer generated special effects landed on the film industry. Terminator 2 has shown us to prevent what was possible in this new era. <br /> <br /> ....... and then it happened ................ ... 1997 ....... countless rewards .......... obscene size of money ............ outdoors bar in advertising ...... ...... maximum profit brands .. ...... Titanic was here! <br /> I never (ever) was one of jumping on the move and being overly criticized for the sake of it, in fact, I often took the opposite position from the majority just to get an argument going . Titanic however was a movie I only took one positive out of - this Kate Winslett was absolutely gorgeous at all! <br /> <br /> Quickly - the dialogue was such a thing from Beverly Hills 90210, the act was more wooden than my nephew's house, idols meant being afraid they were actually funny (man falling out of ships and striking propellers), historically false (not even get me started because there are too many), having theme theme music (up with bodyguards for cheese) and the love story story was so tedious, clean self absorbed and pathetic that he despises the struggle to all others involved (I was happy when he died and humiliated when he was not). <br /> It was clearly evident from the word gone that this photo was designed to appeal to MTV watching, bubblegum mill, boy-and-machine chase, young girl (DeCaprio himself would say a less heroic thing than the weedy member of a boy boy) who would drag the sex-hungry boyfriends out for a three to nd half-chick-hour chances to hope to get lucky later! The worst aspect is that it did not stop at that point. Millions of dumbed down, culture cultures went to see this expensive waste in seluloid because "it cost lots to produce it big" and "Steve and Barbara said it was good and they knew the movies". <br /> <br /> The glorious glory of Titanic has swept the boards of the Academy Awards. King James of Hollywood had a serious moment of silence for the victims of the fatal evening on which his three and a half hour-based mascarade was based. She looked at me as though he was praying for forgiveness after making a fortune in inaccurately showing the circumstances leading to the death of a lot of people. However, if people are stupid and sentimental enough to buy in this kind of waste they deserve to get torn off. Good luck to Hollywood if that's how they want to make money, I would do it if I had someone kind of luck in life! <br /> It's right up on my ever-increasingly cinema list and other unusual, historically false / human interests such as the "Patriot" and "Pearl Harbor".
