The tragedy of the ship finished Titanic inspired many books and movies. The battle between nature and technology always keeps people's imagination. The latest film about this tragedy in the Atlantic Ocean was written and directed by James Cameron's famous movie film. The story of "Titanic" involves fictional characters (Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet) from different backgrounds (one is a hobo artist, the other is an aristocrat) and how triumphantly loves them on society barriers and the tragedy of a ship sinking what they happen to be on. <br /> First of all, although using a historical name, this movie has little to consider in history. The plot was built around two fictional lovers, French diamonds, and treasure hunter. The deaths of more than a thousand people on the greatest luxury ship in its time have become a background only. Many historical facts have simply been forgotten. Where were the radio operator who ignored the iceberg warnings? Why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles away from the Titanic but did not come to the rescue because its captain failed to identify the distress signal? The hype is a reproach to the tragedy. And that was the point in the historical trail of this historic and fiction romance cheesy when the story is already as sad as it is. <br /> <br /> The overall draw was rather deep; Rich Equalization and Corruption, Equal Opportunities Compassion and Courage. It's very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money fits. There was absolutely no human side to show in anti-hero. It seemed like Billy Zane played a part of the devil. Distribution was also very poor. If DiCaprio was 2 inches shorter than Winslet, you could swear he was his baby-sitter. The length of the movie was unnecessarily extended to more than 3 hours. The first half hour and half were wasted on establishing the relationship between the characters that were known to many audiences before they went to the theater and the dialogue used to do so made it even worse. Hearing corny pick up lines like "I see you" and "This is my side of the boat" producing more pain than the screams of drowning people. Also, the jokes were too abundant and rather lame. <br /> <br /> "Titanic" involved some moving scenes as the party when the musicians played while the boat was coming down but they were not way near the original. The best thing about this film was its special effects, and it's the only thing that really deserves a prize. Though this movie was lacking in artistic value, the public could not resist a sentimental story that began Romeo (DiCaprio), and so the movie became a success. Now it's safe to say that the industry will be less reluctant to invest large amounts of money into a single motion picture, so it seems that "Titanic" has achieved something after all.
