ELEPHANT WALK was a fine film and I really was happy when finally a herd of elephants was getting warm in the castle and finished this movie. Considering the money and dropping, you would be sure the movie to be a lot better, though I also asked the odd casting of Dana Andrews as a man in love with Elizabeth Taylor. It's not just the big difference but I just can not see the couple as a couple. Perhaps some of this may be the fault of replacing Miss Taylor for Vivian Leigh in the last minute (due to Miss Leigh's deteriorating mental condition) - though I have a hard time visualizing Andrews and Leigh as well. In addition, for an English woman, Miss Taylor does not even seem to try to use an accent. The movie begins with Peter Finch and Taylor meeting with couples in England. The plans are to return to touring the fence in Ceylon (Sri Lanka) and at first it looks like a good life. However, no women are talking to and employees in the home seem to hate her. On top of that, once back home, Finch behaves like a jerk and Taylor is miserable. Neighbors Andrews can see it and declare his passion for it. However, Taylor is not yet ready to abandon her marriage. But in the course of the film Finch treated Liz more and more like an object and finally she is ready to leave ... when out of the blue, cholera hit the plantation. So it's up to Andrews, Finch and Taylor to work together to save the day - though not this point I really did not care, as there is absolutely chemistry between the characters, the dialogue is very dull with you Can not understand why Taylor did not let her weasel husband in the days that came to this inhospitable hell. The movie is not particularly engaged or convinced and despite a budget decent by Paramount, the movie is a sluggish mess. I was particularly surprised that although the film appeared to be filmed aside, many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a projected (and tablet) injection that was not fully integrated. In one scene, for example, Taylor, Finch and many of them sit on the veranda and the grass is green bright. Then when the photo cut and people danced right in front of them, the grass is brown! It's clear they really are NOT in Ceylon at this stage or the scene and giant sat down Buddha. My advice is to skip this one or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake. Despite its budget, it's just not a very good or inspiring movie. <br /> <br /> By the way, could Miss Taylor be pregnant while part of this movie? In some scenes (particularly at the beginning) she wears radish clothes, has a double-chin and looks bounced. This is not a criticism - after all, women are pregnant! But if you look closely, you will see what I mean. <br /> Also, by the way, draw the basic in many ways is similar to GIANT - a great Taylor movie indeed! It's amazing how the decent direction can do much.
