There were some funny movies about the demons from Hollywood. Cary Grant was an angel of the Bishop of Bishop (1947). Of course the best were the Topper movies in late '40s' early' 40s. And, most recently, Warren Beatty was "Heaven Can Wait" (1978), which was a rumor in 1941 "Here comes Mr. Jordan." These were well written, funny, funny comedies, those who centered on supernatural creatures like ghosts and angels. <br /> <br /> Now comes writer-director Jeff Lowell, making his first feature film and a story of an unpleasant, bitchy young woman, Kate (Eva Longoria Parker), who gets killed in days her wedding and then turned to harass the young dog spiritualist, Ashley (Lake Bell) who fell for Kate's fiancé, Henry (Paul Rudd). One of the clear things at the start is: Longoria Parker is not Constance Bennett (Marion Kerby in the first two "Topper" movie), which is the standard against whom all the ghost girls measure. a straight line at the beginning of Henry's sister, Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) says Henry, "You're not smiling." That precisely describes my situation in this film. <br /> <br /> The main problem with the movie is that the script just is not very funny. But it got worse by the presence of Longoria Parker who just rubbed me the wrong way every time he appeared on the screen. Just starting out with, compounding her lack of comedy talent, she is covered with many monkeys makeup, who knows what she really looks like? Kate gets killed while setting up for her wedding by a frozen image. It is so unreasonable that the angel instructed him on what he was about to walk out (well, he actually just disappears), so Kate finds himself on earth as a ghost without knowing what his mission yeah. <br /> <br /> Chloe wants Henry to melee from the funk in which she had naturally descended after Kate's death (from what I saw in Kate, she should have felt a wonderful relief) so she introduced her, In Ashley, who really did not know what he was doing as a spiritualist (he's also a cateress to meet), to see if he can get Henry back in touch with Kate. There are a lot of meshugaas that go on. The film's vacuum is epitomized by a storyline "B" revolver of Ashley's assistant, Dan (Jason Biggs). This is thrown in the near end, but the way Ashley occupies it indicates that it's as much of a boob as Kate. Since Dan apparently attracted both of those who are seriously disadvantaged, she deserves everything she gets. Eventually Kate appeared Ashley and the fun should begin. It does not, and more of the mercy because of other hand this could be very funny. As it is, Norman Z. McLeod, Constance Bennett, Roland Young, Alan Mowbray, and Co have to turn to their graves to see this is what they shine in the first two "Topper" films made.
