Joe Don Baker is ... Thomas Jefferson Geronimo, a pudgy, sweaty murder in a stupid cowboy suit that Roy Rogers would laugh at. Somehow he always has a badge, probably because he lives in Texas and will let anyone be law enforcement. <br /> <br /> This bold deficiency is a deputy sheriff near the Texas border. Not surprisingly, it was once a Texas Ranger but got chased because it seemed to think that the law was its own bouncing personal ball to be played and at his discretion. This includes suspicion of shooting on the international border in Mexico, beating up on suspicion, cheating in fighting weapons, menacing women, starting gunfights that could be avoided and managed to get the life of a child threatened by the process Let her leave her promise she would help and protect her to get dead just so that she could get out of prison, etc., etc. This guy makes LA Cops look like God's saints in comparison. <br /> When their partner died by a losing Italian assassin, Joe Don's character hunted down and killed one of them. Then he took the other in Italy at a courtesy of Mr. Wilson, who reasonably thought that Joe Don will screw up a great deal of time. In record time, she lost the Italian and became a Maltese Cuban blow up in the process. This is just the first of many deaths and major destructions that Joe Don left in a trail behind him as he rampages across Malta looking for Palermo (the Italian killer). So, starting to part of the film part of the movie, in which our hero was arrested, conferences by the Maltese chief of police, went out and caused more trouble, arrested, becoming led by the chief of police. and so on, and so on. Until you want to blow your brain out and Joe Don's eyepiece to handle pistols and be done with the horror. <br /> <br /> Joe Don proved worthless not only at first Palermo night, but in the pursuit of chase in which he went down to one punch. Then he was taken by Palermo after he threatened a woman with a dress hanger. You hope Palermo will actually get to her torture in the basement cell she's wearing, but no-the-staple she threatens came up and lifted her out, because she promised to protect her. The throat promptly gets off (great surprise) and Joe Don rescues to the night. <br /> And here you hope it might be drowned in (yet another) chasing run. But even the ocean does not want it, he spit it up on a shore where he was breastfed by a poor Maltese family (what ever they deserve?) He returned to the city, where he was arrested by police The conference by the police chief ... arrrgghhh! The police officer who escorted her to get rid of her was going to Palermo. Why would he do anything dead to death as to destroy his career for this great slave is beyond me. It's just scratchily scanty unstable. <br /> They go out of the villa where Palermo is hiding, and they start to shoot out. Joe Don blithely cheats, and kills Palermo. She then utters the big line with dazzling latest in the movie: "The big one has my badge. Can you go to find it for me?" Thank you for immortal lines, Mr. Baker. That will go down in the stories of movie history as the most literate, amazing, wonderful last line ever told by a character in a movie. It certainly falls in line with everything else about the character. Bravo.
