I noticed in the comments that most of the people discussing this film are based on the remarks on the MST3K Wave. That's just enough (that is, after all, how it was his widest display), but, having the misfortune of seeing "Final Justice" in its original form, I would just like to share a few thoughts and comment on uncut to the version. The first, he must admit that the original version is slightly more coherent than the MST3K streaming, primarily in an exponential scene between Rossano Brazzi and Venantino Venantini (I could use the names of the characters instead of the actors, but I just love typing words "Venantino Venantini"), explains why Venantini's saved character can not just leave Malta right away. (It's not a very compelling plot, but at least the filmmakers tried to cover it.) Whether this scene was off just for time or because it did not provide much needed riffs, I do not know. <br /> <br /> Another draw point missing from the original: The treacherous treason of Venantino Venantini Joe Don Baker, seemingly unmotivated in the version of MST3K, explains by an earlier, very unpleasant scene in which Venantini raped her in the shower . While this gives it a motive for turning against it, the entire storyline is just really ... icky. (There is no other word for it.) Some of the MST-deserved moments (ever-ever called "The Sound of One" and the shoot of "already tired" of the sheriff) were purely the result of The in-the-TV print was worked with, and was absent from the original movie. <br /> One scene I'd like to have it in the version of MST3K: Before entering the bar in question some people, Joe Don urged the Maltese policeman to accompany him to stay out, because "they saw that uniform , they will not cooperate. " However, Joe Don himself carries ridiculous cowboy-cut-sheriff outfit, filling with bright badges! I can not imagine why they've spent on great opportunities to make fun of it ... <br /> A final observation on the original, unlimited version of "Final Justice": Why, oh why, they felt the need to put the Venantino's naked climb up on the screen?
