I was excited to hear that Cesar Montano had decided to make a movie in Cebuano language. (Not 'dialect' as most Filipinos will be wrong to refer to it as Cebuano and Tagalog as mutually incomprehensible as French and Spanish are one with each other.) But I was very disappointed when I saw this movie. When a Canadian, Cebuano parents, I was optimistic about the revival of Visayan movie industry when I heard about this movie. I was more excited to hear that it was not another film action movie or melodrama as Philippines liked these types of movies. But alas, I was short-changed. <br /> Panaghoy serves as a month trip to Cesar Montano. Montano of course plays hero of the movie. And when I say 'hero' I mean in the most stereotypical of behavior; Its function is to win the heart of a girl and lead the Bol-ad to victory against the Japanese. Her character does not have any depth or complexity. It just fits the hero mold. The rest of the characters are one dimension; They all fit the knife knife roles. <br /> I'm all for slow-moving / meditative movie but this film was just slow moving. He did not really ponder anything. Just because it is a historically-themed movie, a dramatic and slow-moving movie by making it a well-designed movie. Particularly annoying is the American actor Filip Anthony. His performance was annoyed. <br /> If Montano wanted to revive Visayan movie industry he should really have thought this. He said he wanted to make Visayan movies that could compete in Cannes and Toronto etc., but really, this movie was booed and criticized at these festivals. To find the movie Visayan in the mainstream awareness he should have at least made a movie that would attract audiences, even if it means sacrificing quality. Obviously he did not think about or find out about the kind of award-winning garner movies in Cannes so an audience-attracted film would have at least one foot of the door. <br /> I'm afraid now that Visayan Movies will not make for a long time again because of this movie. If ever I told a Filipino that I want to see more Cinema Visayan in the course of I would find a response like, "Visayans do not make good movies. Do not you see Panaghoy Sa Suba?" Of course this is funny as it is an example of a Visayan movie and probably the only example that anyone nowadays might have likely seen. <br /> An example of the meditation movies, not just slow moving, are the Tagalog films Blackout or David Lynch in the Right Story. I hate to encourage the Tagalog language as it is infinitely and unfairly encouraging and pushing the throats in non-Philippine Tagalog but for the sake of calling a spade a spade I say that Blackout is a very good movie. These films count heavily on what Hitchcock calls 'most movies'. Images without words are used to convey the story. But I bellow the definition a bit for the sake of these two movies in that movies using images without words transmitting the mood of the movie. and they do it very well. Panaghoy thinks that if they are simply sweeping vaccine in the landscape then the mood was established. And what's with many Filipino films featuring a dead mother or grandmother ???
