Well, I can honestly say that this is the first time that I have experienced a film that has literally no meat or potatoes in it. The movie all felt like it was just salad with no main courses. The storyline was reliable and ridiculous, the characters were one dimension, the realism was out of the window, and the animation was made by children four years. Does this cover it? I have never been more embarrassed for a concept of my life. I never read the comics or see other programs with this character, but in the other look I did not cut my base and observation. <br /> <br /> To begin with, the story has moved too fast. For a new person to this character and situation, I needed more build in creating the reasons instead of finding the solution. I've seen other Anime (if you could call this one anime) that does many things with the characters because they take the time to develop. There was nothing to set aside for Lady Death. In a few short scenes, we see her train and filmmaker and immediately become this aggressive her-animal in hell. This was hard for me to swallow, considering moments before she was introduced as this weak and weak woman controlled by her father. Suddenly, he is bathed and hatred and can do battle with an existence that has been around for millions of years. This was absurd. The presentation of Death Lady was poor, they said at least. I felt as though he had nothing more than an animated character instead of a desperate woman and revenge on your head. For me, it just did not work. She was nothing more than candy eyes for prepubesant boys wanting to get the mass of skin that she suddenly grew up on her chest while training with Cremator. Oh, I felt sick just watching it. The same goes for the character of Cremator. Who was this random person? The explanation given was not enough, and instead I left with more inconvenient babbling than real development. It is a very sad day in Hell when we have to show the characters more violence and action, especially in an animated feature. <br /> And there was Lucifer himself. Let me just say that I think I was able to fight with the King of Hell and survive. He was weak, his voice was mocking, and he just did not represent the image that I had in my head. It was as if Disney was in control and wanted to make it semi-pc. He lacked the darkness and corrupt nature that Lucifer defined. It was not the ruler of hell, but rather just a manna that had a great place to live. Speaking of living or dying, how can you die again in hell? That was a concept that definitely needed more explanation. Most of the characters were worried about dying, when they did not even consider the option that they had already died. This is how they got to hell. I think it was the level of thinking that lost the movie for me. I did not quite take the notion that your soul was still in a solid body of hell, but what could just be me ?? or maybe it was because there was no development in this story. There was nothing built, just prepared. <br /> <br /> The sequel to battle was bad uncertainty. The animation of this cartoon felt like it did in the early 90s. There was nothing impressive about how this film was drawn. Why us America, so behind on animation? It is great in Asia, and it is creeping into hardcore here because we keep making movies such as Lady Death that do not challenge or use any part of imagination. We are cheap, and this movie shows it. <br /> Overall, this movie was bad. The animation coupled with the terrible voice was cheap. I have been heading this movie as in production for a long time, which is hard to understand because I think I could make this movie on my credit card. The production was horrendous as well as the story. Nothing has been developed, leaving disturbing disturbances that almost everyone has dropped off. The strength of the characters was missing, and nothing was explained. I waste my time with this one and I would like to warn others when death comes, you do not find yourself in my state and regretting the fact that you wasted 80 minutes on this piece of waste. /> BLAH! <br /> <br /> Grade: * from *****
