Witty. Quirky. Genuine. Surreal. Butterfly wings? One might demand that all the words best describe, and some (people in lead and the international film community) can quickly tell Happenstance, but others can jump off the more American trains and immediately call, the Butterfly Effect. Strange, I would be the one who screams for that Sci-Fi Kutcher film mainly because none of the words I initially mention at the beginning of this paragraph accurately painted the Tautou feature that I witnessed. Sure, we all loved it in Amelie and thought it was Jesus' daughter in the Da Vinci Code, but in this movie the first time director (in a movie feature at least) Laurent Firode does not give Tautou the bright opportunity. Unfortunately, he does not have the opportunity to demonstrate themselves because it is too slow to keep in the "random" chance of bringing this movie anything but just a belt (never a boil). Firode has enough, and I use "enough" as a word, moments of all this film where she could have built us a fabulous story, a real whimsical whimper of love and coincidence, but instead it fell face-to-bottom A muddy-chaotic gloom that overwhelms us with consistent characters and a story that leaves us gasping for less. <br /> <br /> Taftou beautiful face to decorate the cover in this box, but not to be taken immediately as I did in assuming that this was going to be another monumental trip to the French French movie theater . Tattoos are in this movie, do not get me wrong, but one might argue that it's not in the center of this story. The Firode's work is to create a series of random events that eventually lead to a close-up audience (albeit confusion) that shows the meaning of the "melodrama" refreshing. It's completely, completely. Firode failed to give us the audience, too many characters. With too many characters it gives us lots of random interventions, and in the end you do not really care who is, or what, or how is how; Your primary focus is to be centered only on credit to finish with the time destination in their reach. Tautou was able to save this movie from the disaster he was sure only Firode would give him the center. Alas, he did not, but try to lose force of a group of 12 in a theoretical film hole on the size of a penny. It just did not work and we left with a jam in which we were completely stuck. <br /> <br /> Firode failed because it focuses so intently on the minor details that, for one of those rare movie events, it actually forgotten the central focus. I can say that there was no central focus on Happenstance. At the beginning she tries to create one of our two main characters to discover that they share the same birthday with the horoscope promises to love by the Moonlight, but we never go back to that in the movie. Instead, we are bombarded with new characters, clogged, and unrelenting scenes obviously choose to lead us away from a true story and more in a world full of "ifs, ands, and buts". I could not do it. I could not believe that this movie. Writer Firode (yes, the same guy who led this waste) uses a primitive technique in this movie that I immediately felt like ending it instantly. It must be assumed that many of us were incapable of actually following the scenario (or scientific scientist) because it tram the help of a homeless person actually filling in the respective spaces. I did not need this, nor do I think Firode needed to neglect his audience in this matter. While there were other elements that just did not seem to work for me at all (yet, felt like a fantastic Parisian jumbled in shredded paper), this was the icing on the cake. I do not need my hand in the movie. <br /> I'll give this movie one star for credit. This is a difficult hard genre mastery of success. Time travel movies are especially difficult because of their amount of possibilities that never mature, but with Happenstance it works because semi-explored Firode is different from the futures. While I'm going to be counter and saying he did not do it well, he did for at least five minutes full of fun. I loved where Firode headed with this movie, having a really diagram story, but the final execution just blew this movie off shock. Firode could save this movie if he would have strengthened his character, while lightening up his quotes and stories. I think that the overall mood of this movie would change if just these two simple directions were taken. Oh, how I only want I could time to go back to the production of this movie to show Firode the errors in his way. <br /> <br /> In general, for the first time (and probably last), this was a movie film that I must say ashamed of me. From the sole opening to the indifferent ending, I just felt that Happenstance failed due to Firod's leadership and terrible marketing. Marketing is something that I did not mention before, but why would anyone buy this movie think it was an Amelie 2 (for every title released in Hong Kong), and why would you put Tautou downright on the cover know full well that he did not bring this movie to all. I believe that from the first minute that happened on my DVD player, this movie was in shambles. While I'm cracking his subject, everything else was well below the low level. I can not suggest this movie to anyone. <br /> Class: * from *****
