I'm an avid fan of violent explosive movies, who would never attack a movie of being violent or disturbing. I consider "Cannibal Holocaust" a masterpiece and will always defend the controversial movie like "Day of the Woman" or "The Last House on the Left" as a genuine classic. Anyone browsing in my other user comments will notice that I'm actually very pro-violence / gore when it comes to films. However, I think there should be at least some point in the violence. This piece of crap has no point whatsoever. The first film of the series "Guinea Pig", "The Devil's Experience" (1985) is largely controversial, but, as opposed to many other controversial films, this stinker has nothing at all to be recommended. I must say that, before you see any of the Guniea-Pig films, I already had a feeling that I would hate this one, knowing what it was about. Due to her status as one of the most controversial films around, however, I decided I saw her. I'm very happy I did not wasted any money on this pile of crap, and I'm sure I did not waste my time with it either. <br /> This story's story (I do not even want to call it a 'movie'): It's not one. Three female tumult scumbags of death for a few minutes 40 minutes. That's it. There is no artistic value, no 'shocking' story, no suspension; There is nothing. Simply unbelievably a movie that shows PA except for a woman being tortured for no reason enjoying such an enormous culture. It is disturbing, I give it to him. Of course it's disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes. What is more disturbing, however, is the fact that many people actually seem to consider this dump as some kind of chefs. I really can not figure out why. The fact that the gor effects look realistic can not be reason, I hope. The girl who plays the victim is not a very good actor, and reacts very calmly to all the turtle. This makes the movie less realistic, that is, in this case one, a good thing. This is a movie that is ill; not for its gorus, but for its redundancies, its existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture. <br /> <br /> I strongly oppose any form of censorship. Since this is 100% fake and nobody has been hurt during its production, it is legitimate to make such a movie. However, I can not think of one reason why anyone would like this, other than the morbid desire to watch the suffering and pleasure of torture. The film's film "Blood and Blood" came to notoriety when actor Charlie Sheen was mistaken for a wet film and informed the FBI. Fortunately, the movie turned out to be false. In general, the "Devil's Experience" is a torture film / movie that seems to have the sole purpose of looking like close to a real movie as possible as possible. <br /> <br /> The "Devil's Experience" is one of the worst films I've ever had to worry about. Do not torture yourself by giving this piece of crap a try for its controversial status. Make yourself a favor and avoid it. Zero stars out of 10, I wish there was a negative scale in order to appropriately rate this pile of crap.
