David Mamet's first movie was considered by many as a real-world movie-film, a movie that puts you in touch with everyone and everything. I've seen it for the first time recently and could not understand what was supposed to be so great about it. The film is about a female psychologist named Margaret who is also a well-known author. Margaret became disaffected by his profession and his inability to really help anyone. He attempts to correct this in helping settle his patient gambling debt in a shark called Mike (played by Joe Mantegna, which is the only reason to watch this movie). He discovers that Mike is actually a professional confidence man when he almost fell victim to a scam he pulled immediately after meeting him. Entrige, he returned to see him, and asked him to show him how artists like to operate (he plans on using this as the subject of a new psychology book). He then dropped to him and escorted him to a long queue that he and his friends were setting up. <br /> I do not feel like going through the details, but at the end of her film the events of the entire movie was a compact elaborated by Mike and his maternal marathon peer from $ 80,000. <br /> <br /> First of all, the big twist towards the end was very predictable. Any scene where the guys operated were made very evident by the acting act and his strange line. Not only that, but the audience (and the main character) knows that they are dealing with men, so it's really a big surprise when we find out that Margaret was herself conned? In addition, Margaret is supposedly an intelligent psychologist who is an expert in reading people, but it allows herself to be scam far too easy - and keep in mind, she knows well that Mike is a con artists. Secondly, we are led to believe that Margaret has been known from the very beginning, but in order to finally finally work, he has done many things that the guys could not possibly have predicted that he would do. First, she decided to help resolve the patient's debt, allowing her to meet the men in the first place. If he did not do this, all would fail. I just have to say it is very reasonable to assume that a psychologist who will take it on himself to solve a patient's game debt. Not only that, but what are the chances that the guys would be in the right place on the very night he decided to show up? Did they simply show up in that every night bar, hoping that he would come and see them? Another thing that happened that could not have been predicted is that Margaret had returned to see Mike again and asked him to teach him the tricks of his trade. What are the chances of happening? But all this is based on this quote. <br /> Another problem I've got is with the finish. Margaret found that she had been conned and decided to get revenge on Mike. At first, Mamet led us to believe that he will con the con, but that's the fall, so the final finish is his Mike Gunning down to an airport luggage area. Somehow just felt like a clumsy and stupid way at the end of a movie about the performers of trade miracles. Not only that, but he did not even take the money he stole from him. Finally, the movie leaves you feeling empty and unfulfilled. But if you, like me, predicted ahead of time that Margaret went to be conned, you will find this revelation just as satisfactory.
