I was seriously looking forward to seeing this movie because it seemed really promising out of the upcoming attractions: Jim Carrey and God's power was a most unrealistic idea for me. As a great fan, I was sure he would be very in its element and such a promise promises, and what could go wrong? Yesterday, my bust broke big times, boys and girls, because I saw the movie. A first act (where he set up that he hates his life, it is an onerable employee and a happier camper happy with a mill ax against God) is the second service act (where he was called by God via telephone and getting power powers) is GREAT - Carrey gets fun with his new 'game' and it's a fun to look, really funny. But the third act is miserable beyond belief. The rush starts to put in after the dinner scene between Bruce and her girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston, who comes in just fine in this movie considering her part is simply a conspicuous device; she even quotes her NAME in unsubstantiated) - she thinks will pop 'the question' but instead, tell him (on knee curl, again) that he's finally getting it dump job, and is not he so interesting? <br /> It does not think so. She wants her to marry her, see, so she winds up from her, see, though she still loves her so much, see, and the rest of the movie spent striking us on the head with one pathetic, beyond-heavy-handed spiritual appetite-sounding after the next, until the end I prayed, too. . for it must pass. I did not mind the lack of subtlety of the first two acts (an example - in the 2nd act, after it became its power, Bruce dances in the chamber song "What if God was one of us, just a slave like the one we ", blah blah blah), and I even wanted to neglect the amazing amount of contradictions that were launched in us (for opening, Morgan Freeman - a / k / a god - said Bruce he can not violate free will anyone but it does so much). These choices have been forgiven - this is a Jim Carrey comedy, directed by Tom Shadyac - it does remain in the Day. <br /> Or rather it was supposed to be a comedy. When the script writers lose track of that (in the daunting act 3) and try to turn the procedures into some sort of (gag) Message Movie, what we find rather is hell earth. Bruce realizes the mistake of his selfish ways, he realizes that GRACE is saving him - they say it - grace, and that his priorities in life have been seriously misunderstood. All of this could be targeted in a far too heavy-handed way, however. The film did not have to go through the exceptional to make these points. Unfortunately, the writers and Shadyac apparently had no idea how to solve the story of any sort of smart, light-handed way, so they went the bang-'em-over-the-top road to hoping we would not notice. They have touched some amazing unfunny out-taken in the end, in the hope that this would reduce the bad taste. He did not work for me.
