Jim Carrey is one of the funniest and most talented films in today's films. With his hyperactive spontaneity and his rubber face he can just go crazy, and we love him for it. It has the ability to make mediocre cows (Ace Ventura), and turn them into decent comics. Or, in the case of 'Lyar Lear', make them some of the most hilarious contemporary comedies around. Carrey has proved himself capable of tackling play. It was excellent in both 'Man on the Moon' and 'The Truman Show.' The guy is remarkable. Then comes 'Bruce Almighty', an ideal car for Carrey, and a site that should have worked; Carrey, after complaining about God and how his life feels, is enabled with God's power. However, the script is more recyclable waste. Now, no matter how bad a script is, Carrey's improvisation alone sometimes makes an unfunny funny scene. The problem is that there are many opportunities for Carrey to be trumped because many of the comedy relies on special comic effects, only some of them are fun. Carrey is rarely able to improve because she worked around the special effects. The writers apparently thought that all of these special effects and superior sequences were funny, because the rest of the movie is simply filler giving Carrey nothing else to work and besides a whiny character that is absolutely humorless. It looks more like a 5 year desire for our attention, the viewer wants to get what he's doing funny, when it's really just annoying. I always enjoyed Jennifer Aniston on 'Friends' and she was superb of last year 'good girl.' He also has a gift for comedy, but with the script as linear as it is, it is simply giving part to the bitter girlfriend. It comes across as nagging, grumpy, and there is no chemistry between the two stars. <br /> <br /> 'Bruce Almighty' should have a comedy that works. But he does not even have the courage to tackle the matter that he's doing the pleasure; religion. A few minor giggles (his internet is Yehweh), but instead he just turned into a commercial supermarket comedy. Not to mention that it's tone schedule from comic heavy-handed, and even black comedy at times. The movie fails on almost every level. This does not mean it is totally devoid of laugh, but it's closed. Any movie that feels the need to incorporate the scene of a dog peeing to get his laugh has trouble. But hey, if you find funny jokes, go for it. <br /> <br />
