When I read the movie, something like that happens when a person becomes a God, and how he later learns that supernatural powers require giants of responsibility and strength, even though that was the smart and original concept . Casting also promised, Carrey, Freeman, Aniston ... How to film with a good idea and good actors, not to mention the cost of filming, can be bad? It can. Tip is a good thing, but script and story itself is awful. Bruce Nolan is to be honest, a very mediocre journalist, which is not exactly great story (like a story of a giant cookie, what a faux pass, and the Niagara report is complete fiasco!), He is a man Has a completely deserved job (it's not a good journalist, it's a comedy), considering its potential, and a nice home, sweet girlfriend, sugar and OH horror !!!! Dogs who are not trained !!! Yes, as soon as Bruce, the beginning of the movie begins to address GOD to a "God, why you hate me!" way, average viewer must think: "Why, what's wrong with your life, Bruce?". Bruce is not, and definitely not the man with real problems in life. Most of the issues that come to him are minor and are not really worthwhile at all that fuss he does, and some of them are really just the result of his sort. Most people have really big problems, worthy of attention, most people are more worthy of the attention that Bruce, who does not seem too human to all, does not look even realistically, too jumpy and neurotic, but God always addresses him. Why? Though Morgan Freeman looks beautiful as a god, I can not help but wonder what she doing in this movie is particularly bad. And what does Bruce do when God gives him power? God in this film could easily give her power to a 5 year old child and there is hardly any difference. No, wait, a smart kid would probably serve God may be better than Bruce. What does Bruce do? Pulling the moon closer to the earth to create romantic atmosphere, the red soup party, lifts up a beautiful woman's dress on the street, answers prayers via e-mail, and makes all of them come true !!!! No more, Bruce, please! What Bruce could actually end the world, but in the movie, that does not happen, because this is "beautiful, family, little movie" and makes no sense at all !!! Not a hint of sarcasm, in real humor, in wittiness, in some humorous mood at least !!! There is nothing. Just Carrey is playing funny, which is beginning to look pathetic about middle-aged actors. Aniston here is understated. She plays pale, unfold Bruce's character to girlfriend Grace, and she remains completely forgettable in this movie. None of the idea rightly believes that this has any chemistry at all between them. When Grace says praying for Bruce he sounds not only lame and damaging, but completely false. These two are not meant to be together. I would give three stars, but I doubt the movie deserves one. Bad script, linguistic dialogue, lack of real humor, wittiness and any sophistication, as well as unfolding and understated characters and Aniston's role, total lack of conviction and sarcasm, it all makes movies hardly worthy *** . But OK, there were some funny moments, and Freeman is still nice to see in any movie so let's let the three stars.
