I saw this film in her first week in 1975. I was 13 years old and at that time I found it adequate and a bit fun. I then came to the world of Doc Savage in the Bantam novels of the ancient Shrine magazine stories. I had no idea before any of this in the domain of Doc, but I soon became one of the most hungry doc Savage fans you could ever encounter. I read (and still own) all the Bantam books, I started going to comic book comic (along with Star Trek and Doctor Ki with all kinds of fat kid kidney events) and had a wonderful time with every adventure I had taking with doc and ORIGINAL Fiction 5. Philip Philip Farmer's Book - Apocalyptic Life Dr. Savage has become a bit of a Bible for me and that day I have a lot of feelings about my Doc's phase. In what I say I must admit now years later that this film really missed the boat. It's a movie that did not know what he wanted to be when he grew up. The movie was infantile and made little of the story of shit. The stories from the 30 were brief and if one look at Lester Dent (aka Kenneth Robeson) written description, they break into PERFECT 3 acts of drama that broke out for screening. One would have thought that with George Pal and Michael Anderson at the helm, he would have got better. Parent components lack the target and the most severe moments are almost there, but then fall short. It's interesting to look even though they were hired actor second character characters (guys who really were just bit players and extra before this movie) who all bought themselves very well. Paul Gleason of course has gone on to be a useful utility player in all aspects of entertainment, and Bill Lucking is a perennial television. All the rest dropped the map sadly. I want to possess a copy of this movie as it is the only movie version of my hero, but I fear I will not look it as much as it's too painful. I would say 0 but I give it 2 out of 10 instead of some direction in art period (car answering the car at the end was a nice touch) and cast in 3rd stingers getting a moment in the sun.
