I dug this out and watch it tonight. I honestly think it should be 20 years since the last time I saw it. I remember being a seriously bad movie. I do not remember it being this bad !!!!! <br /> I'm absolutely aghast that a project and that's so much potential should have been mistreated so repetitive. Who do I blame for that? The 2 guys have written (and I use the word wound) script? The casting directors are so strong muscle at least 3 major characters in the story? (Only 2 of them are among the "5 Amazing.") The director, who clearly refuses to take it seriously, has kept rocking horrible music on top of bad writing and bad act everywhere? (I like the song theme - but it should never have been used all the way through the entire movie!) Don Black, who should ASHAMED in some of the lyrics he wrote for this music? <br /> <br /> It's a figure that I should pull this out, less than a week after reading the adaptation-read adaptation book. The first 15-20 minutes of the movie plus-or less (really, less) parallel the first issue of the comic. As I watched it tonight, I kept asking - why were almost every detail changed? Doc shows up, then, using the wrist-view remote control to open the safe, with the sniper bullet missing it by 5 inches because the refractive glass, being just about the only left things the same thing. I mean, if you're going to make an "adaptation", PLEASE to change the name of God everything ... <br /> <br /> Once left HQ the doc, virtually no same as it was in the comic (which, given Roy Thomas, I figure probably follow the book). I read somewhere to actually combine elements into 2 different novels in one movie. Again - WHY? I heard he had changed because they could not secure the type of budget they wanted. I watch the movie, and I think ... IN Money in Money NO Money explain what I've seen on the screen !! <br /> You know, when people complain about Joel Schumacher, they should really take a look at this stuff. The best thing I can say is, I think it would be a great feature of the 1966 BATMAN feature - and probably a great triple-bill and that with the FLASH GORDON 1980. All 3 films are "funny". Perhaps we can "blame" the movie in 1966 (and TV series) for that. Some fans have complained over the years that the Adam Adam BATMAN has lost both comic-book images of the minds of fans of non-comic fans. I think the same can be said for Hollywood. I remember how many really, really BAD films based on "classic" characters are made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's and early 80's. Charlie Chan, Fu Manchu, Tarzan, Buck Rogers, Flash Gordon, Lone Ranger - All "Assassinated" by Hollywood, who thinks, "Oh, funny-book! So you know it's supposed to be STUPID!" More like they're "stupid" ones. What a waste of potential. <br /> Let me say some good things ... Despite the script and directing, Ron Ely is GREAT. When I read a DOCUMENT SAVAGE story, I do not think of James Bama's paintings, I think Eli. Bill Lucking (who later was a regular on the A-TEAM) is terrific. Eldon Quick (who I saw elsewhere, but he can not remember where) is terrific. Paul Gleason - who I absolutely taped with a passion and a revenge at the clubFAST club ("teacher" as the play should be banned from ever teaching anywhere), can be the best of " amazing 5 "in the movie. Pamela Hensley - though his party was almost unknowingly in the original story - is terrific. Before leaving her hair down, I realized she looked a HELL in a lot like "Ardala Valmar" from these terrible John Calkins BUCK ROGER band I just read the other day. It has a big nose like Ardala - only not quite as pronounced. The Funny Ardala actually looked more like the 1936 movie Princess Aura - or Cher. Or maybe Streisand. Take yer select. (Ardala actually had plastic surgery in the Tuska band George - later, it was stunning!) <br /> <br /> Paul Wexler, funny enough, I saw just last week in a SMART GET episode. I wonder if it was something like the character he was supposed to be playing? I do not know, because that sure character was not in the film movie taken his title out.
