When Ben (Red Foxx) discovered his wife Beatrice (Pearl Bailey) was running with his own brother, he tells Norman Norman to release his story of misfortune - only to discover that Norman has a secret lover: Garson The singer (Dennis Dugan.) Nothing to say, Ben does not take it well, and many complications follow - including Ben's tent to get Norman on their homosexuals by fixing it with a hooker (Tammy Dobson.) Unfortunately, This description of the movie sounds a great deal more fun than the movie itself. <br /> <br /> Originally written for the theater by Ron Clark and Sam Bobrick, NORMAN ... is that you? It was an absolute disaster at New York's stage. To play in it, I actually saw it in the 1970s as a theater theater community - and while no one would accuse it of being anything other than a deep farce, the cast was played so widely and at that They drop-dead ways that it proves quite fun. It's a pity to throw in this movie did not do the same. <br /> <br /> This is a motion picture atrociously performed. Red Foxx, one of the most hilarious comic in the 20th century, is about as funny here as yesterday's show, Michael Warren (who later appeared on the HILL STREET bluest series of best effects) and Foxx to see who which can provide maximum performance, and Pearl Bailey is not far behind; Surely they said, only Dennis Duggan, Tammy Dobson, and a host by Wayland Flowers have any spark - and sadly, that's just in comparison to the rest of the cast. <br /> Not only is the movie badly done, it seems bad. According to the movie movie, this was the first big screen effort to be filmed in video, which was then transferred to celluloid for project goals - and believe me and showed. The movie has a look at a bad 1970s sitcom right down to the sky painted in the windows of Norman and Garson in the apartment. Some films are so bad that they become funny, but NORMAN ... are you? is not one of them. I can sum up my reaction to this movie in two words: miss it. Do not buy it, do not rent it, do not touch it with a ten-foot stake. Just turn away slowly and then run like hell. Gary F. Taylor, aka GFT, Amazon Review
