Even if you're a big fan of Sandler, please do not worry and this very comedy is disappointing! I bought this movie for $ 7.99, assuming it must be at least half decades since my Sandler is in it and because I suppose some women would get naked (judged by the R-rating and wife-insisting woman on the cover) . Well, there are quite a few scantily-clad women, but do not get naked. I'm not sure what this point was in Sandler's career, but I guess it was even before his SNL days. I can be wrong. This is like watching one of her movies. It might look back in a cheesy cheesy like this and reminisce about the good times' ... but we (the audience) let them dry. This is hardly a "movie"! Sandler does a lot of talk to the camera, and even admitted to a point that this is "no-budget" film (that's not a low-budget film, a NO-budget film). So our work is pretty much at the AT Street characters that are original. There is no fixed scheme, it's like a comedy show protracted - but a gross and seriously writing one. This guy who played the nasty comedy was completely annoying and was implausible in the first place that he would receive as a mass audience. And Sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying one of the classic Henny Youngman line "Take my wife, please" and the audience is on the floor? I do not even go to TRY to make any logic here. Sure, current and recent scenes of Sandler are not known to make much sense (the penguin of "Billy Madison," the midget of Happy Glory's "Happy Place") but the comedy works. This is a strictly amateur work, and even though you're curious about Adam's early days in film - you still will not be interested. You are best in checking out its start on SNL or perhaps the role of it's "black mixed." Of course, the Sandman is not the only actor wasted in this unpleasant machine. Billy Bob Thornton also made a brief appearance, Billy Zane ("Titanic") has a great support and great Burt Young (from the "Rocky" movies) has an important role. <br /> <br /> This terrible comedy is most likely to collect dust on the 99-cent rental section of your local video store - with that. <br /> My Score: 3 (out of 10)
