Hollywood now has officially gone too far and I really hope that this travesti in a motion picture creates a genuine backlash against their crap machine, in spite of the good return box in their office. If you are a reader industry industry we are looking for suggestions on what to do next, STOP. Stop doing our television show in these mosquito repellents, stupid, grubbing money in time-sucking movies. By doing this you prove one thing: Hollywood is out of mind, and goes to see the movies they deserve out just perpetuating the cycle of disgust. What's next - You guys will go & ruin the Bionic Man ?? The movie is just plain wrong, and managed to get the most stupid stupid, simple in the totally correct show by ignoring (or ignoring) that Tom Wopat & Jan Schneider's Kiss & Luke Duke were * REFORMATOR * moonshiners. They were busted, learned the lessons, go straight, and they helped people and be good neighbors who just came to shoot dynamite arrow arrows from hunting bows & drives like Steve McQueen. Denk Pyle's Uncle Jessie was also the moral hub of the family, always insisting that the boys do good, even at their own expense or embarrassment while making sandwiches and coffee for their work hours. They always did the right thing and had a sort of serious naivety about them that were well-appealed. We wanted to do more like them than we were, stupid. My favorite Gimmick from the show was how to always buckled their seat belts before roaring off, which was apparently too moral for this movie. <br /> Do not transform the Duke Duke into a package of leering, wisecracking, minded criminal, redneck baiting, misogynistic perdre the movie there is no moral mind, where the show was all about how honest or incorruptible the rulers were - The Duke Duke of this movie is supposed to come out as good guys? I wanted to punch them both in the nose. They seem to have a lot of free time on their hands that can be spent doing some job back in the field and ending chasing less than noble ends, if it does not act like a pair of 14 old boys who have not grown up. There should be no marijuana use, no gulking in buxom, nubile and breastfeeding, no shenanigans involving the Brothers in da Hood. All of it looks like the work of a marketing consultant who took a poll at the mall of what 14 year old boy likes to see in the movies. Problems being 14 year old boy can not possibly remember the show, IMHO should not see this movie either, and parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be lousy by what the writers, directors & producers Made in our collective memory just in our part out of our money, which is exactly how I feel. What they thought ???? <br /> And the boys were * ever * to find evil Daisy. Jessica Simpson all pop up like a Pamela Anderson mall can be the only reason for anyone to view this shame, but you can serve your needs just fine download some promotional stills in it, print them up & pinning them to the wall in a toilet. It is hardly in the movie at all (which is only the film's saving grace), and ten minutes or so it's still too much. Daisy Catherine Bach's Daisy may have the same type of shorts, and long legs that make people feel funny just look at her, but the Daisy she played was a * *. The pratfalls he scratched not simply was that he had an almost natural ring in it. It remains one of the most eclectic pop culture ever created but there was someone in the house. And most importantly, it was a sweet, caretaker who could not help her if the guys went Ga Ga on it. In contrast, Jessica Simpson appears fatty, fragrant, made up, costume, poses, aloof, bored, out of place, and I do not think she even looks great at the outfit. It does not look like someone but a tracing device, conjuring up a contract with someone representing his agent. Ms. Simpson would be advised to shoot that person instantly and pretend that everything never happened. Whatever the joke was, it's not in it and is disobeying exploit for T & A. If that's all he wants from his career, executive end product if only assure yourself enough time screen at least, because this effort was just pathetic. The bottom line is SKIP IT. For the price of two tickets and a slurpee go you can pick up one of Warner Bros. Excellent collection collection boxes on original DVDs and DVDs can be watched together. That's why he worked. The only real purpose I can see in the movie might be in the future used as an interrogation tool in Guantanamo Bay. Twenty minutes in this & they will sing a chorus. <br /> <br /> 1/10, and I mean it. Then STOP THE ONLY BIONIC MOM, or snooks.
