In Hazzard County, Georgia, Cousin Bo and Luke Duke (Scott, Knoxville) and Daisy Duke Cousins ​​(Jessica Simpson) run moonshine performed by Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) while avoiding the local authority, Boss Hog (Burt Reynolds) . The issues with the Boss are just beginning as they learn he drew my striptease to the city for the ores to find the values ​​found below. <br /> I have never seen the TV show and after watching the movie, I will not start anytime soon. I love stupid cats but this did not offer much laughter. It was a very dull picture and the first few hours were really hard to sit down. The second part was a little better but this movie was still a missed opportunity. The movie focuses on Bo and Luke's way too much. The characters in general were not very interesting to the actors who showed they did not perform a very good job. <br /> <br /> The act was not very good. I did not expect it to be good in the first place, but none of the driving was very funny. Seann William Scott and Johnny Knoxville both provide lower average performance. The letter was very good as Stifler but it tried way too hard here. The letter just seems to be looking for a check and nothing else. Jessica Simpson is not known to act or she is really known for her singing. It is famous for having his own reality show and saying something really dumb. She is beautiful but she is a weak actor. It does not matter though because it does not really appear in the movie and the character it plays is not complex or anything. Willie Nelson also had a minor role and did nothing special. <br /> <br /> The scenario was written by John O'Brien and he made two films before the Dukes of Hazzard. The first was the cradle of the tomb, which was okay. The second was Starsky and Hutch that was very funny. It does not do a good job here though the story is a mess. She also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would make this movie work better. The film is also very long for a comedy. Well, 106 minutes is not exactly time, but it feels so much again because there are so many humor in the first hour. I think the comedies should be kept short or else they have to find a lot of materials to cover the whole time running. The Dukes of Hazzard barely have enough funny gang to keep it going for thirty minutes left alone 106 minutes. The machine sequences were average and did not save an already troubled film. In the end, the chief of Hazzard can appeal to a few people, but most people will probably get it dull and it's best if you just skip it. Rating 4/10
