Movie showers of old TV shows seem to be the norm in Hollywood these days, but this disrespectful, humorous toilet, make-your-kiss-you-mother-and-mouth-bad tongue, rip-off is a The blunder of middle-class fingers of Hazzard fans both north and south of the Mason-Dixon line. From the opening sequence of Bo and Luke Duke perform a ballistic run for Uncle Jesse (there is no bright run at the show because he would put the boys back in prison as a violation of freedom) in the close sequence of Uncle Jesse smoking weed and the Governor of Georgia (Uncle Jesse was the moral compass despite his way around before) this troubling trash in film is an open-minded deal. I can not tell you how many parents I've seen up and removed the kids from the theater in the first 15 minutes of the film when they realize they were horribly deceived. The original chief of Hazzard was a family-moral-based family show. The original chief of Hazzard was a safe kid, hemi walking, the fun show that the parents did not have to worry about teaching the children of George Carlin's seven words. I've read reviews showing that the show and the movie are nothing but racism. Those who commit can be correct about the movie. Those who make them ABSOLUTELY correct on the show. The show, if anything, was on how to get together and be friends with anyone. Hollywood has finally come out to open on the disdain for those of us, Yankee, Rebel, or otherwise, who always believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and doing right things even though it's not the popular thing. Hollywood has finally brought to light its belief that those of us in the heartland are stupid, uneducated, balanced beer, bad people, trash that will buy any piece of waste they want to sell. Prove the Hollywood elitist that they are wrong. DO NOT GO MY PHOTO. Boycotting sponsors. Fill Warner Bros. emails and calm boxes that we do not appreciate are destroying one of the biggest T.V shows at all times. Save your money and buy the DVD in the original show, but what do you do? DO NOT GO MY PHOTO
