Sometime in 1998, Saban acquired the rights to produce a brand new Ninja Turtles live-action series. Of course, being a fan of the TMNT back in the day, this obviously my interest. So when I started watching the show ... they said I was disappointed by the end result is an understatement. Some time later (more like lately), I got a chance to review the series. First, let's talk about some of the positives. They managed to re-create their turtle turtles as it was last seen in these films fairly well given the limited budget they throw in with this. There is tendency to be this darker atmosphere in general in terms of shelf and shelf. With Turtle costumes, while not the greatest piece of puppetry and summer, they were functional and seemed very solid for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series. <br /> <br /> People tend to complain about getting rid of Quick Crushers and replacing them with those original villains that could easily be used in a Rangers Rangers show. But you can only have crushers get battered many times before it gets boring and affects its value as a cruel ... and besides, most fans do not realize or do not remember or just plain ignore the fact that in the original comic crushers to offend the very first issue! Never think countless resurrections will follow. So, on a personal standpoint, I was sort of pleased to get rid of crushers because then the anticipation would build at the point where they would eventually bring it back to an episode after. I find that crushers in small amounts work better because then their encounters with turtles are all the more memorable. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, they end up replacing it with those original villains that, as indicated, seemed more fit for a Power Rangers show than a Ninja Turtles show. And with these new magical-generic touches comes a new girl magic-touch torture, the infamous Venus De Milo. I'm honest; I have never been comfortable with her. I do not mind the idea of ​​a female tortoise; I just against the idea of ​​a person who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore sight among a ninja turtle that looks a bit out of the domains. I almost get the impression that this could easily have been the Venus De Milo show in dealing with his iron-believing enemies and the TMNT are just having to give the star power (or whatever remained considering considering the time this was released). Fortunately, they all share the spotlight together. <br /> <br /> Next Mutation was in box after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. Given time and perhaps another season, I really believe that this live iteration of the TMNT could be something and may have gotten a chance of greatness. But while the idea was sounding, the execution was defective (although there are a couple of good episodes in this series). As it stands, Next Mutation is one of those Turtledom curious ones who are best left to bury and forget.
