Dr. Hackenstein begins at the turn of the last century, '1909 Dawn of Modern Medical Sciences' to be exact. Dr. Eliot Hackenstein (David Muir) is in the early stages of rejuvenating in living tissue experience, Dr. Hackenstein manages to bring a skinned rat back to life that confirms he has succeeded in bringing back the dead back to life. It's now 'Three Years later' & Dean Slesinger (Micheal Ensign) is the Doc's Round Round for dinner. As Dean Slesinger and Dr. Hackenstein eat about talking about Hackenstien's experience that Dean Slesinger was still opposed, Dr. Hackenstein showed his Dean Laboratory Dean Slesinger in his attire where he kept the head off of his wife Sheila (Sylvia Lee Baker) died of a 'crash' & can telepathize with her (Christy Botkin gives Sheila voices apparently). Doctor Hackenstein also shows Dean Slesinger a skinned chicken running in a cage & explains that with the process he developed he will bring Sheila back to life. The Dean has some sort of seizure & apparently dying. While Wendy's sisters (Bambi Darro like Dyanne DiRossario) and Leslie Trilling (Catherine Davis Cox) plus Alex's brothers (Jan Alexis) & Cousins ​​Melanie Victor (Stacey Travis) are driving together near Hackenstein's house when they crash, they seek shelter and assistance & arrive on front of Hackenstein. Dr. Hackenstein invites four travelers to block them to stay for the night. Later on Dr. Hackenstein was visited by two robbers-stealing, Xavier (Logan Ramsey) and Ruby Rhodes (Ann Ramsey) who delivered a male body when Hackenstein actually needed a party for Sheila. Dr. Hackenstein has been the genius that it is decided not to waste the opportunity to have three cute gene specimens available & start 'borrowing' my piece of bits he needs to fill Sheila ... <br /> Writing and directing by Richard Clark I was surprised by Dr. Hackenstein, I'll now declare that it is not brilliant by any stretch of imagination, but for what it was I actually liked it. It moves at a reasonable speed even though it tends to drag a little while it's centered as things remain. The script tries to mix slapstick humor like a scene when Dr. Hackenstein tries to hold Melanie & he tries to get the attention of his menstrual Yolanda Simpson (Catherine Cahn) by kicking out & Hackenstein to keep Melanie behind Yolanda's back seemingly oblivious in what's happening, with a touch of gore but I would say Dr. Hackenstein is more of a comedy than the horror of conception & feeling at all. There are some punctuous & innuendo puns as well as always good for a laugh, Dr. Hackenstein Wendy "you would like to see my musical instruments" as an example. I also thought the scene when Mrs Trilling (Phyllis Diller) reported her disappeared daughter Olin detective at Bemused (William Schreiner) was a nice sequel to the circle around the circle talking about why she was not looking for them though he just just said, why the cell does not have a prisoner in it & that if he did not get the cousin do not worry about it. None of it's flat-out loud, but I must admit I find myself smiling on occasion & found the whole movie to be slowly entertaining. There are plenty of screen gorts, a few cutting cuts, Sheila's head decapitation, some medical assemblies & skinned creatures who are definitely fake in the way. I loved the characters of Dr. Hackenstein also, the surprise of himself. The act is not brilliant but giving credit to everyone to put some effort into it, many of the exaggerated facial movements & some serious overacting means it's never dull, oh & the three birds of Dr. Hackenstein are fit if you know what I mean . Technically, the movie is OK as well, once again it will not be able to win any Oscars but I must give the filmmakers at least some credits to try on a turn of the century's environment. It does not always work, the clothes are at odds with each other at times, the girls look like they come from Victorian Metro while the guys look like they come from a west. The house seems that if all the filmmakers had removed any modern object in the room & stick a few candles in there! It comes across as little on the cheap side but it really is not a bad movie at all to consider. Could be made without the comedy music though. Overall I enjoyed Dr. Hackenstein more than I thought I would, although that in itself is not a recommendation. It's certainly not the best movie comedy horror ever made and it certainly is not the worst either. A look enough piece of harmonious pleasure.
