Apparently there is a very good reason why I have never heard of "Dr. Hackenstein" before me and a couple of peers accidentally stumbled upon it and stupidly decided to give it a chance. The reason is: it sucks! It's a very pointless, funny, entertaining and totally unmemorable commercial comedy / parody. Actually, to be honest, I am not sure if this is meant as a comedy because sometimes the script takes itself seriously and tries really hard to be a really ambitious and original 80-year horror effort in horror efforts. In 1909, on the dawn of a new era of medical science according to the opening sequence, Dr. Elliot Hackenstein needed exactly three women? no more, no less ?? restore his beloved wife accidentally killing. It's just just a living head left now, but the bodies are stupid only to male corpses. So when Dr Hackenstein calls "I need three female bodies to bring back my wife", her words are not even cold and there just miraculously appeared three girls (and a really annoying kid Nerdy) and car issues show up in her 'door. Why has not this happened to me? "I need a bunch of sexy women to fill up my empty voices !!!" ?? Look, there is nothing! Anyway, the good doctor sees his wishes come true, but unfortunately ?? for science which is ?? she developed sympathy for one of the three girls. "Dr. Hackenstein" is a crippled film that attempts to make money through the success of "Re-Animator" and even blatantly stealing some of the funny aspects of that classic, such as a top-off top-covered top-down material. It is easy to see why this movie has never mentioned anywhere, as it does not appeal to fans of neither the horror nor the genre of comedy. The funniest character is undoubtedly great girl Ruby steals the thief; shown by Anne-Cherubic Anne Ramsey. The 80's horror buffs will certainly remember him from Wes Craven "Deadly Friend", where he plays the nasty old neighbor who gets decapitated by a basketball. "Hackenstein Doctor" supposedly takes place in the early 1900's, but there is hardly any attempt to re-create the atmosphere in the era (except for some automobiles). The Hackenstein Lab is a set of 80 wells, with all kinds of smoked cheese and tubes full of fluorescent colors.
