I do not know why I love Dolph Lundgren. I guess to see him on the screen to make me feel that any hard worker can succeed regardless of talent. This is a good feeling for all of you lacking talent. Some of the other reviews show how dumb detention is, but very negligible to point out the positives. Any movie where at least one annoying teenager can not be all bad. Why do many films that have a teenage cast still need young teens? Are there any other types of genes? Does each group of young people have one black guy angry? A genius guy that nobody likes? A slutty girl who is very friendly and (in this movie) pregnant? One disturbs anti-social white kid from a broken house that everyone agrees is talent (but what is the talent?). With one wear-back black kid who is in tune with the universe and so cool that all the other neurotic children trust him. Then add a couple of generic youngsters to expendable in any color. They do not say much but get injected at some point. <br /> <br /> Detention would be best if the bad guys got out of school. Preferably with the writer inside. The dialogue is bad, and the draw is getting worse. When the bad guys (and girls) finally hijack a full wind of drugs, then they sit inside the wind to make out. They drive the wind into the school because they want to re-paint the wind in the school's painting shop, but they never get around to re-paint the wind. By the way, it would be easier to just put all the drugs in another car or two cars or another wind or truck and drive away without replacing the Van Police. They also never move the drugs or sell them or do anything else with the big score. For some reason, they decided to kill the children and the teacher (Dolph Lundgren) even though the villagers took on anyone at school remotely aware of it because it is after school hours. Handful people still in school have nothing to do with paint cars, so why go after them? <br /> <br /> Whatever the best part of this movie is that the villains are all armed with many machine guns, and they keep finding the teens (including a guy in a wheelchair) and hold hundreds of bullets in the teens and usually miss. By the end of the movie there are some bloodshed. For each shotgun, there must be at least three bullets fired. Exhibitions are very bad. <br /> I read one of the reviews saying that this film had a budget of $ 10 million, and I'm surprised. When I saw the movie I figured maybe Lundgren did it as some kind of charity work for some movie school where he is the teacher. Like perhaps this movie was the end of the year's test. It was a test to look at her, but I was passing through.
