The 1963 version of the "Haunt" was one of my favorite movie films this year, so I anticipated release of this remake of 1999 and a good deal of too much. It hardly seemed that any follow-up can exceed or even equal the original masterpiece. Unfortunately my worries were well founded: This movie feels. <br /> I do not know what people who participated in this movie thought. John Bont, who seemed to have had a flu when he led the excellent "speed", to do wrong here (or perhaps even worse) as he did with the many-hyped trumpets "Twister "and" Speed ​​2: Cruise Control. "Hey John, stick to the movie, would you? Liam Neeson is adequate in his role as a doctor-pretend to-a-sleep-psychologist - I do not think he is able to turn into a really bad performance - but even he can not save a lame script and weak story. Catherine Zeta Jones proved once again (as she did in "Entrapment") that she lacked the ability to act up above the material being restored. The female lead, who made great in an episode of the "X-Files," seems to be lost here as Eleanor, an ensomniac hovering on the edge of Sanity. And that blonde guy, regardless of what he is, is more wooden than the ridiculous statuettes of the carved carved carpentry around the house. I do not think it changed expression once during the whole movie. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the first movie was to work is well because we've never been whether the house was really haunted or whether the protests were a result of the delicate mental state of Eleanaor. No demon actually sees in the original, leaving much to the imagination - a hallmark of other great horror films such as the "Changeling" and "Witch Project of Blair." In this version updated, we of course get tons of CGI ghosts, which basically (in the face of the weak / sketch script) make the movie totally sanctioned. F / x are not even bigger, consider being made by ILM. The frozen sulfur looks particularly fraught. The effects of Peter Jackson's film "The Frighteners", which I saw just before this one, was a lot better. Wooden sculptures of children, which are supposed to look creepy, just look funny (especially when they cry), and the CGI monsters are nothing to write at home on. Rather than providing a relief from bad acting, bad direction, and bad writing, the effects only add to this disorder in a movie. <br /> <br /> There are some particularly dumb scenes: When the three other characters break into Eleanor's room, and none of them seem to all be surprised to find a great demon challenge plan on the bed. The scene where Eleanor sees "the old lady in the house hanging from the rafters ... The act here is particularly bad. And last but not least, bit of intentionally hilarious guy Guy Blond Guy is making an uninspired cry of what is supposed to be frustrating, leaking up on a piece of furniture, and beginning to grab away at the painting of old , evil guys who built the house. We actually get some satisfaction at this stage, as seconds after his attacks, Blond Guy is dragged onto the fireplace by the ghost of the old guy and promptly gets himself off by the leak. It was the only part of the movie I enjoyed. <br /> In sum, stick to the original 1963 "Haunted." 3/10 stars.
