How the audience reacted to this new adaptation in Shirley Jackson's book, which was promoted as PA was a remake of the original 1963 film (true enough), will be based, I suspect, about the following: Great fans of either the book or the original movie will not think so much of this one ... and those who have never been exposed to either, and who is great fan of Hollywood's current trend towards "special effects "The first and last word of how" good "a movie is, they will love it. <br /> <br /> Things I did not like about this adaptation: <br /> <br /> 1. It's not a true adaptation of the book. From the articles I read, this film was supposed to cover other aspects of the book that the first never got around. And, that seems reasonable, no movie can cover a word book for words unless it is the length of the STAND! (And not even then) But there were things in the films that never by any means ever mentioned or even hinted at, in the movie. Remind me of the way they decided to kill the black man in the original movie version of the shinning. I did not like that, either. What the film's press release should say is ... "We received basic, very basic, ideas in Shirley Jackson's book, we kept the same names in the house and several (though not all) at name the leading character, but then we decided to write our own story, and, what heck, we looked at the CHANGELING with the heat and GOST first, and decided to throw in a bit of them, too. "They completely lost the theme of a guest invited parapsychologist to carefully invite all of the brush and paranormal in the pasts, and investigate a home that really seemed to be" feastful ". No, rather, this "doctors" got everyone in the house under false pretense of studying "insomnia" (he really invited them to scare them to death and then see how they reacted to their fear. .. like laboratory rat, who he mentioned never said they are part of an experiment ... beautiful guy). This doctor, who was not the same, by the way was as different from the dedicated professional in the original movie as night out of day. In direct contrast to the statement that was used to promote both movies "some homes are just bad", this house was not born badly but rather became bad because of what happened there ... and that time Around, Nel gets to unravel the mystery (shades of change). The only problem was, the so-called mystery was so incoherently said I'm sure it remains a mystery of most of the audience ... but then there was no mystery in the first place (not in the book), because the house was bad to begin with. It's the first "victim" to die before it's time to look at it. The way the character of Luke was described was absolutely ridiculous. It was supposed to be a debonair theater that was a day for homeownership (and it was a true doubt in his "story" ...) and in this one it was just a divine-voice, bumbling nerd that did not 'sleeping (remembering insomnia) and being a compulsive behavior. I was also annoyed with the way the film jumps from almost trying to recreate the original word scenes for words (scene with Nel's siblings, and Madame Dudley's little talk ...) going into the fancy flight that made me Think more of these movies other than the collage. It's like he could not make up his mind what he wanted to do. I miss Nel's narrative of the entire movie. The original was like a Gothic novel in the way that the story was mostly told in the first person, in the eye of Nel, and we always been intrigued by his thoughts. This totally unique touch has been completely lost in the new version. They also tried to make Nel the most of a heroine. The original Nel was not a bad person, but was a bitter person (could it otherwise after 11 years of being sacrificed to an old selfish woman and a sick sister?) And he loved to moan, and he lose his temper. This one was almost too good to be true. This has never been more apparent than in the climax of the movie where the writer was obviously watching GHOST once too many. They have changed the history of the house and are busy. There was no Abigail Crain (Hugh's legendary legend loomed great in the original versions), there was no "companion", and there was no nursery. There was no "Grace" (wife of the original physician) and Hugh Crain's wife died in totally different ways. These changes change the way to too much way. I do not know if the producers of this movie should be happy Shirley Jackson does not walk on this ground or if they should ... BE SORRY (if found my drift press haunted it could be viewed by something to be trifled with conclusion, let me just leave you with some words from the original Luke (proper substitutions in the word "house" for "film"!): "This movie" should be burned to the ground, with ground Throwing salt and salt! "My favorite movie ever stopped. No competition from this one.
