Somewhere in his non-fiction book DANSE MACABRE, Stephen King suggests that one secret in writing scary stories is to avoid showing your readers exactly what terrible things are waiting behind the door to find. If at the last burst open doors and an inch of ten lurch legs at all, the reader can be a little scared, but he will also think, "Well, I can deal with that. At least it was not a HUNDRED height foot. "There is nothing more scary than that, unseen and unknown, just on the other side of the tightly closed door, waiting to find you. <br /> <br /> The secret is so completely misqueceived by director Jan Bont more or less starting in his movie by metaphorically throwing open the door itself and shouting: "Look, everyone, look! It's a ten-tall bug! Is not that scary? " The law of reducing returns instantly kicks in the end of the movie, the director is, so to speak, jumping up and down, hitting his CGI skin and frenzy pan, and hoarsely screaming: "Look, everyone, look! bug-feet-height! ... And now, here comes a hundred-foot-tall bug! "The creators apparently believe that special effects alone could compensate for all The other shortcomings in this effort (and there are many). They can not and do not. In fact, as impressive as they are, the special effects are so insistent with surprises that the viewer distracts winds up in them - whether in admiration or annoying - instead of being immersed in a story. For me, nadir of absolute film footage comes up with a statue, and "blood" gushing out of her mouth, trying to drown Liam Neeson (as Dr. Marrow) in a fountain. The movies clearly did not know what to do with this idea allegedly once it was, so they just have to neeson thrash around in the water a bit, flailing to his arms and go glug-glug. By the next stage, the good doctor was apparently dried up and, hum, forgot all about the annoying incident. The Shirley Jackson's novel seems to have dumbed down into this ridiculous scenario by a committee of low-IQ tone workers who thought the way to frighten them was making all the bigger and Most: "Ok, next, let's, uh, do the ceiling, you know, look like a creepy face, and, uh, down on it ... and all these spiky, like, trap it into bed "<br /> <br /> Only the saving grace of the HUNTING is that it's latest gets so terrible that it's actually funny. Since Owen Wilson (like Luke Sanderson) has fallen to the floor and then went to his magic-carpet Ride O 'death, I just fell on the floor myself, laughing. <br /> <br /> Woes construct, unclear, grotesquely heavy-handed, incredible, and full of clunky and unpopular scenes, this vacuous HUUNTING is a book example of how DO NOT make a horror movie.
