Haunted, if you saw the original, you know a great story of ghosts, it's the movie perfection. It's a haunting story of 4 people who go into a haunting house and with the simple trick of sound and movement, it's scary. It always remains effective on this day if you appreciate the movie. So, when the Ante was restored in 1999, many people were very responsive even "WHAT WHAT IS WHAT?" But in my opinion, if a remake is enough respect and just want to reinvent the story for the new generation , I'm pretty cool with it. This is definitely not the case, this is just a disgusting boring shame that will wasting your time and I guarantee will save no crisis ?? pfft! PG-13, where to think? Not very apparently. But Mother's death and her sister are being evaluated, Nell receives a telephone call, announces an announcement for a insomnia study conducted by Dr. David Marrow at Hill House, a lonely manor. Upon arriving, Nell meets Mr. and Mrs. Dudley, a strange pair of caretakers who do not stay on the property after dark. Shortly thereafter, two other participants in the study came, Theo Wild and "Bad Sleeper" Luke Sanderson and Dr. Marrow. Unknown for attendees, real purpose Dr. Marrow is to study the psychological response to fear. Each night, the chain gates open outside the Hill House, preventing anyone from getting in or out until the morning when the knights open the lock. No phone service inside Hill House and the nearest city is several miles away. Doctor Marrow revels the story of Hill House. The house was built by Hugh Crain, Crain built the house for his wife, hoping to fill it with a big family full of children, however all Crain's children died during birth. Crain's wife killed himself before the house ended, and Crain became a loner. The first night, Theo and Nell begin to experience strange phenomena in the house, including odd noise and inexplicable temperature changes. Nell is confronted after the main hallway is vandalized with the words "Welcome Home, Eleanor", and it becomes very aggressive, set out to prove that the house haunted by the souls of victims by Crain's cruelty. She learns that Crain builds her wealth by exploiting kidnapping children for slave labor and killing them when they are in no use. Then he burned their bodies in the fireplace to hide any evidence. She also learned that Crain had a second wife named Carolyn, whom Nell is down. Everyone thinks it's crazy while Nell is convinced this is where he belongs. <br /> <br /> Seriously, I suggest you stay away from this movie, it's really stupid and pointless. Not to mention the actor played in Nell, Lili Taylor completely annoyed me, her performance, look at her, just about everything, not finding I started on things I'd do just do not see her in film again. Catherine Zeta Jones just did not fit into his role as well with Liam Neeson, a wonderful talented actor wasted once again. The effects are way over the top and too computerized, I just can not believe they would waste a wonderful classic with this crud. Believe me, if you are going to fear something, it's scary to see how you can turn a huge ghost story into an annoying piece of stupid stubble ??. Oh, this movie has already hurt me, just do not see it, it's bad. <br /> <br /> 1/10
