For anyone who has seen and falls in love with the music scene A LI CHORUS, the movie is a charitable replacement. Not only singing songs, but drawn musical notes, added new dance choreas, and let's face it, Richard Attenborough just does not know how to film dancers. <br /> <br /> Scandinavian, Michael Bennett A CHORUS LINE was just that: Michael Bennett. His idea, his choreography, his direction, his gift to Broadway and the rest of the world. It was two hours-hard-hit, in-your-face realism that really makes you feel for these "boys" and "girls." The film, however, lacking sympathy and depth: actors look like they are auditioning for a straightforward line rather than actually audition. Each move, each line of dialogue looks so weighted and planned; Michael Douglas, specifically, as Zach is too in control to believe he is this extraordinary bitchy choreographer. Even when it launches its storm, you never believe it because every gesture, every word accentuates, each nuance is thus obviously repetitive. And as he does not dance: Kevin Kline audition for the role of Zach on Broadway. Michael Bennett liked reading, but Kline could not dance and finally lose the party. How I wish they did the same for Douglas! A cone line is supposed to be a show on nobodies, and aside from some recognized figures (Vicki Frederick, who played Cassie on Broadway, like Sheila and Khandi Alexander, at NewsRadio TV, as one of the many audition dancers) by assume any of these people. Because you know these people. Having a star in any of the roles is a terrible decision: when you focus on Michael Douglas and ranting it instead of about the girls and boys on the line and stories, you lose something. Surprisingly, the best sequel to the show (Montage: Hello Twelve, Hello Thirteen, Hello Love) cuts well to make a new, awful song called "Surprise, Surprise" that amazingly receives a nomination from the Oscars. Cassie's "Dance Dance" has a new and tragic boring choreography song - one wonderful thing to bother to shoot a movie version of all if they were going to mess with a very formal formula. <br /> For fans of musical theater and those who have enjoyed the stage version, this film is a sad imitation of everything they love and love. For those who never get to see the original production, either on Broadway or on tour, this movie is the only reference they will have to attend. And they will need to ask just how he got to be the longest-running music in Broadway history - until a little show called CATS exceeds it in the late 1990s. But this is a different story, and not even get me started there.
