I'm not a purist step. Could a movie have been made in this game, and it would almost necessarily require change ... like, like. But the modest concepts of this material are lost or misunderstood by the movie creator who are in full-over "blockbuster museum" mode. It would be hard to imagine a worse director. Perhaps only Josh Logan & Jack Warner could have lost at that time as Attenborough did. <br /> Click A Chorus Line was a triumph of workshopping as a production method. Dancers respond to a call recording to find themselves sitting around shooting the crap about their career-career experiences (very 70s!). Then Bennett and Hamlisch took a moment, gave them a song and cast them as their heads. ... amazing! Modern incredible. The ACL 'story'of is (in turn) about responding to a file filing for a play we have never had a full view on, because the play does not matter. It was before the idea was invented, 25 years before the adaptation has a similar idea. ACL was also another of a reductivist trend that is still alive, and is a hallmark of modernity creativity: this technique itself is compelling ... that there is more drama in someone's life than you could ever synthesize character invented. What a pity mind. The scene has a single performing area (an empty scene) and three different ways to change the bathroom, to relieve visually impaired visuals, not keeping the viewers distracted. The space remains with the story actors are important points. He worked just fine. That was the point. All these ideas were beaten or bastarded. Set-wise, was not one, and no costume either until the dancers came out for the final bow, in which the exhilarating "One" is ultimately, powerful, made of full hat (gold) and tail, and our movements Recognized because we looked at them in practice sessions. The pent-up concern is in the play-drop and audiences go dark. <br /> After Grampa manhandles is like a mosquito bird, butcher. It clearly has the earliest, respect all Jazz (and Fosse's Dancin steps) in mind as he makes his choice. The Hamelian note was noble & exciting for her time, but time was not good for her. It's as schmaltzy as "jazz." And this before Attenborough ever touched it. It is remarkable in finding whatever good left, and mangling it. <br /> <br /> A simple question could help Attenborough while filming this, "Could I bring spending even a few minutes to people like that?" A major problem for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th wall of the theater (essential by his absence in theater) should be addressed in the movie format. There was never a much more "front of the car". The answer came up with tea, "I'm sorry .. what was the question?" The cast has been increased from a number of maneuvers to unique narratives, in a crowd with each other with the audience, and mixing their grille together. I was quite past my threshold threshold when banging little snakes across the scene on a rope, the clown of the audience (absent). The play made you understand the theater. This movie just makes you want to choke them. <br /> <br /> Perhaps Broadway trendy trends of characters will walk directly into stage centers and sing the stories of the audience (Les Miz, Miss Saigon) instead of dealing with other characters started here. But the worst revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this movie. <br /> A chorus line is the best sheep.
