On Broadway, a chorus line was the best of magic. From the second open show and a spectacular burst of energy at the Grand Finale, a day-to-day cry of all those choruses that we have grown to love during the show, we were totally engaged - captivated by the intense stories personal, some funny, some smart, some vibrant, in this chorus line. The film is another issue entirely. The focus is now on the director - and what an ogre it is! Whenever the movie changes to Michael Douglas, there is it with a bitter, back, barking out questions and orders, screaming and shouting every time he gets the chance. Yikes !! This changes the story's dynamics. On Broadway, the director was indeed an impressive presence, but he also sort of a theater device to allow the stories of these amazing fortune / fragile / intriguing / hilarious chorus lines to be said with insight and clear. There is one reason why this work was the Pulitzer Price! And actually in one of the only moments the director appears, he is encouraging the young dance Puerto Rican Dancer after hearing the dread-breaking story of the dancer. She looks again to finally express her affection / anxiety to Cassie. But in the movie, from the second Douglas' director starts declaring barking order, the story line chorus line gets high. It's like them in a disgusting profession, where a director jaded instead of showing joy in creating a new exciting theater show, is jaded, exhausted, angry at auditioning these chorus members. On stage, was still in the excitement of the show. Here's the movie practically in the word goes, you feel sorry for everyone involved. During the course of the music, we desperately wanted all one single of these chorus members well, and how happy we would have been if all had gotten off the job! But of course that could not happen. But in the final when they all returned to glorious costumes with these amazing mirrors on stage, sometimes reflecting us in the audience, in our hearts, and we know, also in the hearts of all choral ones By accepting and rejecting, they were on stage forever dancing to a beloved profession, bringing magic to the theater. In the movie, after all the passage story lines and emphasis, that magic has become totally diluted. All we feel (even and precisely called the same curtain), is that some of the members got a job with a mean-spirited director. So they all come on the screen and dance again. Big deal.
