For those who have never seen a scene of CHORUS LINE and their only exposure to the film's story, this film is OK as a musical film, nothing special, just OK. I saw the Broadway show 4 times and even auditions for a touring company at the show once and for a very beautiful person to memorize the original production, the 1985 movie version is so objectionable to many levels that I do not even know where to start . First of all, for those who have never auditioned for a theater production, let me assure you that IRL when you audition for a play, the director, producer, and choreographer never ask personal questions and do not give a crap The reason you wanted to become a scene. A real audience, whether for a play or music, rarely takes more than five minutes. If you're auditioning as a dancer, you get a 64-bar dense dance at once, you do it, and then decide immediately if you are in or out. Michael Bennett's original concept of the show made meat from dancer life and presented the passionate passion to making and why so many sacrifices for this little. The play is about these dancers. First of all, director Richard Attenborough has taken a lot of focus on the dancers by beefing up the Cassie / Zach relationship and by casting Michael Douglas as Zach. In the game, you never saw Zach ... it's just a voice in the back of the theater and her relationship with Cassie is barely touching on. Cassie is shown in the taxi in traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs talking to Larry (a character that does not even play in the play) all added to the movie and took a lot of focus on what the story is about. Major music numbers have been cut or repeated. The opening number of plays "I hope I get it" shows all the dancers doing a jazz and ballet combination and then people get rid. In the movie are three jam dancers together and show them in garbage disguises the fact that they were thrown in the movie that can not dance (you can say "Audrey Landers"). "Goodbye 12, Goodbye 13, Hey Love", a brilliant vocal exploration of these dancer dancer memories has been reworked as "Surprise, Surprise" especially a late Gregg car as Richie. The most popular show, "What I Did For Love" in the show was a touch of song singing by the entire cast on what they gave up to dance, becoming just another favorite love song from the movie, making tired by Allyson Miscast Reed as Cassie. Jeffrey Hornaday's choreography for the film is dull and inimaginable and does not hold a sweat from Michael Bennett's original original and when you make a movie about dancers, the choreography has to be special. There are a couple of good dancers in the film, already mentioned Gregg Burge as Richie, Michelle Johnston as Babies, and Janet Jones as Judy, but they are hardly giving the opportunity to show what they can do, yet Audrey Landers, who can barely groom and gum at the same time, given one of the best show numbers, "Dance 10, looks like 3." I'll admit that the final, "A" is dazzling, but you have to wait almost two hours for that. I would say that if you have never seen a chore theater, this movie can be worth a look, but if you're a devotee to the original Broadway music ... you need to be afraid ... you are very afraid.
