*** POST THIS IS SPOILER (S) *** <br /> <br /> I'm not a big fan of Chuck Norris as an actor, but I adore her in any other way. It also has its own fan site and "Chuck Norris reality" which is really fun. But this movie looks like someone was joking and the audience put all those "facts" into one movie. I really do not remember when I wasted my time more than with "this action". I do not know what the worst this movie can offer you: original and thousand-times-made plot of terrorists who are trying to nail US by smuggling on US soil or maybe that "big" dialogue with chucks the good word understanding of life and everything else. One can get the worst that terrorists actually speak English in everyday life. It's a never-ending list of crap. Not to mention the huge amount of footage used in the film, which is somewhat annoying. The chief terrorist sends his comrades to the media when it is captured and the guy is only smart enough to see the treaty is: Chuck Norris, of course. Nothing else in America is not smart enough to see it! And the whole action of capturing prince is just ridiculous. One person sent to a camp in a UNARMED terrorist camp (I lay, he had a KNIFE), escaped his stalkers with JET PACK and then slipped for some hundred, perhaps even miles away near shore (Afghanistan border is 450 km away from the shore), where it is delivered by submarines. I hoped that at least stage scenes will be good, but that's even more funny than the scheme. If you did not know, 85% of terrorists are masters of some martial arts, but Chuck and CO beat the T * out of them. Not only do they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away by a single movement and the bad guys fly some masters like dolls. You can ask me to have you watch this movie in the end? I did. Why? Because I just wanted to see who in these two super heroes, they will broadcast the nuclear bomb of some hundred megatons and a MICROWAVE size. Then I realized that folly. Of course, it's Chuck's movie after all. And not only it's a just broadcast nuke and tweezers, but it does it - TWICE! I could write a book about all the stupid things in this film, but I would spend my life. <br /> So musicians in this movie made another reality Chuck Norris to be added on his website: Can Chuck Norris Broadcast Nuclear Bombs? Yes and it can do it twice!
