Everyone in this movie says Raffy Carruthers how talented it is, what a great director it will one day turn out to be, etc. I think they're just being nice. Even Kimble Rendall, who directed this film, shows more talent than he does. "Jane's next Canon," she calls it; And, apart from the fact that they are both on-rated, the two have SO very common. They are both direct movies. They're both women. They are both Australian. (Well, give or take.) <br /> Yep: It's one of those films that a character is deemed to be brilliant, and we just have to swallow hard and accept it. But I'll say that for Carruthers: it's nice. - And fascinating. No, really. Here are some thoughts about her lack of talent: <br /> (1) The director's talent's part lies in dealing with people. Why is Carruthers so bad phenomenon in getting his crew even taking notice of it? So, as it is easier for everyone to wander the set and get killed, I hope. <br /> (2) Why is one of these images not compelling in a movie series I've ever seen? After all, it must have been filmed on a REAL movie series. How can they get it wrong? If Rendall's wear has been half as much of a down-hired shamble it is a wonder he has completed his movie at all. Carruthers - the fictional director - has set itself the task of creating a brand new 1980 horror movie. Fat luck. I doubt he can do these days. I suspect that Rendall - the current, and more talented, director - puts himself the same job, realizes he can not do, and remains to (sigh) to know parody instead. Of course, it's not enough of a parody to work as a funny imitation. As soon as cast and crew set foot into the castle insulated the movie just spent most of its time doing so seriously that 1980's movie scenery has done ... well, less seriously. <br /> (4) But and again ... the movie is open and not a parody but an honest-in-good pasty of horrors 80s, starting (this is too good to be true) Molly Ringwald. This paste is better than anything that follows. (It's a bad sign when you find yourself wanting to watch the movie-in-the-movie, rather than the movie.) But he, too, was filmed in the late 1990s. Perhaps it is still possible to make 80s of horrors. You just have to loose the parody and know it. (5) I would never once wonder that 80s horror girls would be as if all the characters had Australian accents, but now I know. And strange, I'm glad I know. One need I never knew I had come true.
