I must admit I laughed a few times during this trivial movie 2004 holiday, but it's already moving out of my short-term memory. In a career that slid rather rapidly toward obscure taxi, Ben Affleck, once a promising actor character who became enmeshed in the Hollywood commercial car recreated himself in a leading romantic man. Judging from this film, the transformation does not seem to take, as it continues to miss the gravitas that would make him credible in those parts. While her friend Matt Damon takes on smart roles in films such as "Syrians", Affleck looks at this type of paper papers. At least character superficial of success, but lonely advertising executive Drew Latham Affleck suits best than most of the other roles he tried. <br /> <br /> Led by Mike Mitchell (the most famous movie is 1999 "Deuce Bigelow: Men Gigolo") and scripted by no less than four screens (always a bad sign), the little draw around his character's need to "rent" a family living in his childhood home in order to live out his fantasy in having his old-fashioned Christmas he never had. The concept is actually intriguing because there is something to be said about the katathic liberation of our sentimentality all headed to feel amid the frantic marketer around the holidays. The real problem, however, is that the film feels like an extended draw lacking any logic or native emotional resonance. Affleck seems to have been busy trying desperately to be lovable, but the utter result is a tedious turn by an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing the ill-conceived movie. Fortunately, having the love of James Gandofini and Catherine O'Hara play the Valcos, the couple decided to accept Drew's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents. <br /> <br /> Gandolfini plays Tom as a gray, non-violent relative to Tony Soprano, but he does what he can in the role. From its classic SCTV Day to Christopher Guest's mockumentaries, O'Hara is still a funny gem does not matter the car, and surprisingly he touches the best laughs as Tom's wife Tomine, whether delivering one-liner or posing in an inch of make-up for a dominatrix photo shoot. In what became his standard screen role, Christina Applegate plays Alicia daughter mistrustfully, who of course gets Drew's love interest. Despite some good times when she enjoys the deception of playing Drew's sister before her girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning-flash strokes making it hard to see what Drew would see in her. The story turns completely out of control by the last third and one comparable situation pick up on top of another until the section plots are tied together in short order. It rumored that many of the movie were there since there was no finishing script to finish. It shows, but I also must admit I stick to it in the bitter end.
