I find the feeling that people involved in "surviving Christmas" did not put much thought into the movie. Characters are so consistent with the plot making that tiny movie played as a rough draft of a script sent together with the little but the one-liner concept of a wealthy guy paying a family to let him pass Christmas with them . /> <br /> Ben Affleck shows Drew Latham, the typical Hollywood image of a wealthy, egotistical advertising executive who buys his way to life. Her girlfriend, Missy, left her shortly before Christmas because she was in disarray that Drew wanted to take her to Fiji for Christmas, which she called "family holiday," and the fact that Drew never introduced her to family l '. We later found that Drew's father left when he was 4 years old, and his mother died, so it's a mystery why he does not just say he has no family, rather than allowing his girlfriend to believe he's not done it cares about his family. <br /> In the fear of being alone on Christmas, Drew trains down the Missy shaft (why? I have no idea), who suggested she made a remission ceremony at her childhood home. When he meets the family living in his childhood, Valcos, Drew offers $ 250,000 for pretending to be his family, so he can relive memories to his children's fans. She becomes angry when she later finds that she has an adult daughter, Alicia (Christina Applegate), because she "does not have a sister," and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow these acts more like "real" family. None of this makes any sense once Drew reveals that he has grown no family but his mother. <br /> <br /> Also inexplicably is the character of Alicia, who annoyed that his family accepted the money Drew, and refuses to play along with his fantasy. But for no good reason, she suddenly starts to love Drew, and in a matter of minutes go to hate her bow to act like his girlfriend. Drew is like a complete jerk of the movie that even her sad story about the Christmases itself in its infancy boasting no sympathy; I almost wish he ended up, "Just kidding! The real reason I do not see my family is that they all have restricted orders against me!" (2/10)
