I think this movie has been somewhat overrated here. There are some things to admire her; for one thing she deserves credit for being a science fiction (ISH) movie that relies on her story instead of the special effects and the sequence of actions to bring the day. Throwing in support is good, the design set and the cinematography are good, and the ideas are interesting enough (even if they are starting to look a bit tired after the many club clubs in the middle of town / mentoring / fighting clubs in recent years) . But the movie is unmatched by poor characterization, wooden performance from the lead actors, and a bad messing ending .. <br /> <br /> My main problem was that the protagonist was neither likable nor unknowable. I realized that part of the story dictated that it would be a bit of a (wait for it ...) encryption, but I was completely unable to work up any sympathy for a character that just seemed like a boring, anonymous block of a man. What transformation character has for this sad bag is artificially forced on it by the draw. Leading actor Jeremy Northam succeeds in conveying that the protagonist is confused and hapless, but fails to inspire any sympathy for him. Opposing her, Lucy Liu does what she can with a character with no real personality in her own, unless they were accomplished in a spy-movie clip counting as personality. <br /> One of the biggest disappointment of this movie is to finish. I will not give any deflators here, but I'll say that a surprise twist at the end was telegraphed very clearly at least 45 minutes before it was done. Further, after being content to be an original, idea-oriented film for the first hour or so, the recent scenes suddenly and terribly devalue of the worst kind of Hol will, complete with great explosions and effects special. Revelations in McGuffin's films at the end of the wrong doing, and the end of the characters seem even less likable than they did before some of the main films to draw the movie was solved. The movie is not all bad, though. It manages to keep a certain low level of tension at all most of it, despite the slowing slowly (although I think I have a higher than average tolerance to slow down movie rhythms). And there are times when innocent, paranoiac feels that the director Vincenzo Natali was clearly trying to evoke the surface. But in the end, these elements are not enough to overcome the flaws of acting the movie and script. There is probably a good movie that covers the same terms and ideas, but this is not it.
