Let me begin by stating that I usually do like Renny Harlin's style, for the most part, and that the movie should be commendable for some shots. Unlike Harlin's "Elm Street 4", and "Hard Hard 2" that I really liked, there is something missing in this movie. That, my friend, is a script. The dialogue in movies like this is still very awful, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. There are many terrible lines in this movie, I do not even want to remember any of them. Not only that but the execution of lines are pathetic and it seems more suited to a malicious porn movie than an action adventure. It's almost like Harlin thought that if they slowed down the words they said would improve the script. Bad again. <br /> <br /> The sad part is that some talented actors throw in bad roles and worst dialogue. Stallone has never been my favorite, but when he's acting around circles around Lithgow, Turner, and the worst of Rooker's bunch, there's something wrong with this picture. Lithgow played one of the best bandits of "Ricochet", yet coming across as a person who can not act to save his life here. How is it possible? I was always a big fan of her and she came to school in action by Stallone, who herself still calls her in her performance. Turner's part is so small and pointless, but it always looks out on the screen. Michael Rooker can act. I know that because I witnessed it in the "Thunderstorm Day", but it looks like it's LIBE's line from cue card. Is it coming to this? When Rooker and Lithgow have scenes along which they're talking, I just wanted the movie at the end right there, or you have them both amazingly finding their ability to act. Unfortunately, neither of these things has occurred. <br /> <br /> Which brings me back to Harlin, who can be the only one to blame for this mess other than the screenwriters. It's her fault that I've never drew to this movie at all, because it should have made the people actually act. The script is not very good, but still the performance of the actors is to destroy this movie and have to lie with the director. I do not care how much they paid for the special effects, which for the most part are good, you still can not just sacrifice the movie and terrible acts. <br /> <br /> Plus, the rhythm of this movie seems to be there. The opening opening was good and the aircraft scene was very well done, but how you should take care of the outcome of the heist of all. I mean I understand that they tried to create tension with all the bells and whistles of the plane scene, but I really did not care if they were getting the money or not in that scene. If the bad guy would have had earlier, maybe I should not have witnessed one of the worst movies ever!
