After seeing "Driving" in a flight aircraft in America 3 years ago I really believed I had seen the worst movie created, and I could relax safely in the knowledge I would never have suffered so much before a screen ever again. Unfortunately as I found out last night this was not the case. Revolver is so bad monster I actually think about recommending friends to go and see it, just so I do not feel like I'm the only one stupid enough to be conned in watching this. It's really quite amazing how many films this fall completely on its face and the constant, and I mean CONSTANT voice oversized in the main characters, and idiotic trifles pretermined! I was actually angry at the movie cost Andrew Benjamine completely relentlessly tweeted for what seemed like half the movie, while all the time thinking - what would Turkish have done this complete joke in gangster / con people , whatever it was supposed to be, when it made it "bid"? I'll tell you what. He would have told her in f ** k cut, blown herself away, and looked and utterly uttered as her equally aggressive partner she waddles away as fast as ever her chubby legs would bring her. I mean what we suppose is going to Jake's head when offering his "solution" to his problem? They are human, therefore, must obviously also have the ability to cure ill-blooded diseases! I mean ffs. Is it not starting to wonder why its symptoms do not get worse? Do not drop the day on the third day what's happening instead of Richie suggests the audience in a painful appeal from Avi Jake to let him know he's been. <br /> Anyway, I can add a few positive notes to the movie by moving on to the dry humor if given, thankfully to a standard similar to his previous movie ????. bulls ** t! This movie does not try anything as smart as redeeming himself in some fun, timeless fun. It somehow managed to be so unjustly unfunny I really did not hear much as a titter from a fully loaded movie ?? and anyone who knows the UGC in Sheffield knows how full a main screen can get, and not 1 people so smiling. Maybe he never wanted the movie to be funny, and just enough you can still make good gangster movie without comedy, but what he planned about hanging this movie I could ask? The plot unnecessarily baffled! I sincerely hope not! <br /> <br /> By far the most satisfying moments I've been to last night have heard the very many jumps coming from every direction the audience as everyone desperately prays for the movie at the end. It was also really fun to look just how fast customers were fighting and superb for their exits after they realized it was over, and they were free from the torments! <br /> I'll round this off (I've finished, writing this will make me angry again) by elaborating on the "end". I mean sh ** t! The finish .. .. No, sorry I can not, just you'll have to go and see it. It can not be put into words, it just can not, and after you've seen it you will know why. Uuhhhhh ?? bri ??
