The film "52 Pick up" simply does not work. Watch it if you are at all interested in Elmore Leonard or John Frankenheimer, or anyone in the terrific cast, especially John Glover who's admitted glossy. But the book - a slow-burning, thrilling noir and lots of pulp - should have to translate into an Oscar-contest film instead of this dude who could not know whether he should faithfully show hard- boil, the fearless crime story of the book, or opt for a Schwarzenegger 1980's shoot-em-up spree. Changing the scene from the original site of the book, Detroit (an area where Leonard has been living for many years and knows very well), in Los Angeles makes for a considerable issue that Leonard tries to fix in his script, but finally can. It was, for example, a smart device that made Mitchell's wife a City Councilwoman (she had no work in the book), if you thought about it: the only way you could ever plausibel a person's stomach in a city sex-crazy like 1980 Los Angeles for adultery, or any kind of potential sex scandal. Even so, it's much more possible in a more conservative state of Eastern than Michigan to believe that a small porno "industry" is a hell, money-grubbing hell where three losers can desperately set up a not-so-stupid top middle-class fellow goes to a mid-life crisis, and b) adultery alone might be something you might blackmail someone and, if upstanding careers with old-fashioned wives could not handle the trauma . Just as consultant Ron Jeremy tells you, 1980's, Los Angeles was a colorful, luxurious porn, Mecca, more like the movie "Boogie Nights" than the black, dark black world of airline tourism buses, grimy apartments, and drug deals in depression self-scrupulous. Then again, Los Angeles could be the series of these stories if one row the landscape more closely - there are still many of the skulls of the darkness with the psychopath. Unfortunately, Harry Mitchell, Roy Scheider, comes in the movie as a sexy, beautiful Uebermensch dancing in his troubles without even working a sweat. In the book he was split into a jerk union official while struggling with a failed business. He also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving friendly fire that he was responsible for, but never appeared to come to grips with. Elmore Leonard's history usually has a central image involving a rare civilization between criminal and law-abiding citizens. Here, Harry Mitchell sat in his office with his blackmailer, Alan Raimy, turning on his financial book and negotiating a more convenient ransom, making for such a central image. Glover's gourmet plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but Scheider shows the victim here as a "good guy," in charge of the situation as if he had more a rambo and an M-16 than the barman staying afloat as his world around him. "52 Pick up" ends with one of the worst evolutionary findings ever, considering all the thought that came into the original story and then the movie. The Raimy's trail inside the Jaguar Mitchell and blowing it with blasting music band together with a sadistic monolith by Mitchell, playing in an unwilling audience the "sweet conclusions revenge" in a movie by Chuck Norris, by the smart smart world of Leonard's book , where Mitchell barely escapes to the end and conflicts between good and evil can easily go either way. I left the theater shaking myself and depressed. What a waste of talent.
