David Chase of the "Sopranos" is perhaps the most over-glorified TV show in the latest memory. Not only the series devoid of intelligence and passion, it's devoid of a soul. As anyone knows most likely, James Gandolfini * is * Tony Soprano, a big, fat a ** hole in a mob boss and a b * boss to a wife, and two bratty, sh * t- brained children living in - you guessed it - embroidery in America (in New Jersey, by the way). Not only Tony is a facial adulteress, he is also a scumbag killed without blame, and a crew of "Saturday Night Live" skit-deserving cartoons for subordinates. It's not the fact that Tony is a piece of mobster t * that affects me (and apparently only me). Allowing characters to be who and what, without trial, is something American TV hardly allowed. But Chase - and his entourage of money-gorged, Emmy-recorded writers - was not simply allowing us to observe Tony and his crew as they behave, neither they tried to give any insight into the reality / action of reality (even obviously fictitious) organized crime (a "The Godfather"). Instead, Chase praises and endorses his virtual, violent, and cowardic characters as Tony, his wife, and even hair-brained psychologists do weeks after weeks (or should I say months after month. It seems like the pompous 13-episode episode shows out with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse). Many held in series refusal to conform to "networking" structures, with drawn lines that nowhere, and the pop-up characters disappear like vessels. But if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why it still feels like I'm watching a soap opera? Quite brunette tired, housewife bored, self-serving, irredeemable characters AND plots that go nowhere. More than ever, I can see why many Americans in Italian heritage are ps sed at this show. It's enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (Dent to "Inferno" fountain in mind). People on IMDb like claims that there is nothing good on TV, and therefore the "Sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. Are these people too busy paying cable bills to watch the "Shield"? (Included in Basic, known). How about the (always good) "Wing West"? Or did the brilliant act (if written in the error) "Boston Legal"? What about possibly the best comedy of the past few decades, "Detained Development"? And to forget that we're living in an age of DVD - nobody has * to look * anything * new. I would rather pluck out $ 40 for a more-priced set, well, pretty much * anything, than giving HBO $ 10 a month (or $ 80 a DVD set!) Continue to prove how much of a hack's factory can. <br /> You want good TV? See "Homicide: Life on the street." Or "Kill People". Or "bug fence". Or even show the Chase before, "North Expo." If you are already among the "Legion Sopranos" brain-wash fans and critics, it's too late for you. And if not, let Tony and sense worth it where they all belong - rot and fish. ("Sleep" should be way too kind)
