For those who love depressing films and characters to rattle with a sordid storyline, this one is for you! From New York City's weak atmosphere, which comes across as a very dungy and almost hopeless place, in two diverse lead characters that devoid of great sense of humor, this film is a real downe. <br /> <br /> Why was the Academy's award because it was so shocking at that time that Hollywood, its new freedom brand showed nothing he wanted with any abandoned moral code, wanted to celebrate that reality. The movieist was like a six-year-old emoticon and an unlimited expense of local candy stores. So, Hollywood gave theatrical viewers (for probably the first time) a dose of rape, prostitution, homosexuality, naked children, homelessness and other such as beautiful sights and sounds only tight brain he thought is appealing ... .. Then granting it to work. <br /> It was also expected, I'm sure, mainstream hearing shock. Well, it has succeeded in this level. The audience was surprised at what they said and heard with the Academy, proud of himself that they could show wrong and earn money at the same time, could not help, but to give honor to this Data Dump. /> A few years ago, as a very young man, I found this movie captivating, too. However, seeing it again in the 1990s left as a bad taste in my mouth I never looked at it again. <br /> The act was good, but so what? Acting is good in many films. No one ever said Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight could not act. Hoffman was particularly good at his younger days in playing people who were angry. He was kind of like Johnny Depp in his era, playing guys like "Ratso Rizzo" in this movie and then going to do the "Man of the Rain" later on. Yes, "Ratso" is a character you have never forgotten, and "Joe Buck" (Voight) is one you want to forget, but the story is so shameful, it debordes to act fine. This film is not "art," and it does not deserve so much its price; it only pushes the big envelope in 1969 and therefore it is so fondly remembered in the hearts of those movie and critics. It's two hours of profanity and ultra-sleazy, cheap religious vaccine, glorifying wirirdos (Andy Warhol even gets into the act - no surprise), and generally humiliating people. <br /> I've done like songing this song, "Talk to everyone" that helped make Harry Nilsson famous, but even that was bogged because Fred Neil wrote the song and sang it better, before Nilsson did it ... and some people have ever heard about Neil (which is their loss). And - as mentioned - the name "Ratso Rizzo" kind of stay with you! The movie is a landmark, but in a negative sense, I fear: this marks it as "official" that Hollywood has gone down the toilet, and has stayed in the sewer all the time.
