Seriously, I can easily buy a lot of blood, gore and repulsiveness screens, but what really makes this movie disturbing and uncomfortable to watch is how the physician's character holds on rambling on the physical damage of women violating. She, Jan Cassavetes of the "Baby Rosemary", talks about matrix breakage, lying dry and massive loads of red (?) Such sperm are the most common little diseases in the world of medicine. That being said, "Incubus" is ultimately a strangent horror effort. It's not necessarily terrible ?? although it's not very good, neither ?? but just plain quaint. The muddled & incoherent script initially turned on the hunt for a violent assassin in meat and blood (though the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural beast) and never seems to stop introducing new characters. None of these characters, especially by the main ones, come across as sympathetic and for some reason never explain they all seem to hold black secrets. The aforementioned Doctor has an odd interpretation of their daughter's love and continuously behave like it is a suspect himself, the sheriff (John Ireland) appears in a constant state of drinking trumpet and does not even seem to care for that Keeping rape and killing women in her district, the female reporter is even too weird for words with the Galens (an old witch and grandson) are just plain spooky. Together they desperately try to solve the mystery of people or what exactly is to destroy urban women to reproduce the organs. The sequences built towards the violent and murderous atmospheric killings and the vile acts themselves are bloody and unsettling. Basically these are very positive factors in a horror movie, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too overwhelming for "Incubus" to be a really good movie. Also, there are many tedious parts to fight yourself in (like a Bruce Dickinson concert!) With John Hough's generally very reliable direction is almost unnoticeable. The final shot is effectively nightmares, though. For me personally, "Incubus" was a bit of a deception, but there are still several reasons enough to recommend this odd piece of horror 80 early to open-minded genre fan.
