A young couple Mandy Pullman (Mitch Martin) and Roy Seeley (Matt Burman) relax on a beach in the town of Galen. They decided to start playing jokes on each other. Mandy hides in an old run down cabin, it is attacked and rape on an unknown striker. Roy is trying to help him after hearing his cry but he died. Dr. Sam Cordell (John Cassavetes) and his daughter Jenny (Erin Flannery) are both new to Galen after Sam's wife's death. Sam is called to action by Chief of Head Hank Walden (John Ireland) when Mandy and Roy are found. She makes the autopsy on Roy and treats Mandy for her terrible injuries. Shortly after a conservator of the local museum named Carolyn Davis (Denise Furgusson) also attacked and raped. A local journalist named Laura Kincaid (Kerrie Keane) reported the events and told Sam there is a similar chain of rape and thousands occurring in the city 30 years earlier. More rape and murder occurs. While Jenny's boyfriend Tim Galen (Duncan MacIntosh) had strange dreams and nightmares and he was convinced that he had something to do with the terrible acts. Tim's story and dig of recent cities make Sam become convinced of the existence of a creature known as an Incubus - a demonic form-shift entity that exists only in reproduction! Led by John Hough this is a serious movie movie subjects. The script of George Franklin based on the novel by Ray Russell is slow to say the least. Nothing interesting or exciting happens and ends with one of the most boring events in a finishing twist I've ever seen and frustratingly it just end up suddenly. As the storytelling story along a stairs has a few rape, but they are not shown on screen. There is only one Gore scene in the movie too. The monster itself only shows the very end and has three short scenes. All about producing this film is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. The act is dull and you do not feel or care for anyone. Check out the scene in the autopsy room where you can clearly see the mike boom at the top of the screen on several occasions. Types of horror movie types make that you will forget about a day. A real waste of time, do not bother.
