Stephen King is generally known for the morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. Some movies, in the end you feel sad for the characters or the situations they put in ... here you just feel depressed. The film has a nice feel (first), with the family moving in the countryside, and climbs old Fred Gwyne greetings and the warnings of the pet plots but draws this drive nowhere. It starts with a lot of potential, but in the end, it loses the potential to be a good horror movie, and it gets ban, very stupid, and finally depressing. Louis (Dale Midkoff), his wife Rachel (Denise Crosby), Ellie Kids and Gage, and cats moved to a new home in Maine. They were warned by the Jewish Jew (Fred Gwyne) about the local pet cemetery and how it is curse. Louis thinks nothing of this and finches the whole thing until the family cats die. He buried him in the cemetery cursed and returned to life, constantly hacking in the family and wanting to stay alone. One day, the baby's gage runs out of the road and runs and killed by a truck, and Louis knows he must be buried in the cemetery. When Gage comes back to life, it changes and wants to kill. <br /> With many of Stephen King's works that do not translate well into films, I blame the directors and screens. In this case, Mr. King was senarist, but I'll blame him for his terrible story. At the end it's pointless, and even if unfunny, the quote is ridiculous. A little boy raised from the dead and managed to kill with what looked like a little scalpel, and not only that, but he managed to lift their bodies and in a case, carrying a body from the attic ground an! ) I know this does not put in reality but seriously, how stupid this case can get? The scenes where Louis injects his deceased, now lives again cats to kill it is weird sad, because the cat did not deserve this. All he did went to his mind in his own business and killed him. The scene where he injected his own son is almost unbearable. Not unbearable sad, but the whole situation is just awful to think of. After being injected Gage staggers drunkenly around before falling down dead .... why did they need to make a movie that ends with a baby's death? But ... even worse, the actual completion of their film involving Louis burying another person (will not give away) to the cemetery after Gage kills .... what he hoped? Why did King King write this terrible story story and why he made a movie? It's depressing and pointless! <br /> My Rating: * from ****. 90 minutes. R for violence.
