This movie is a special Pia Zadora! When looking at her, I was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a Hollywood starlet; in urgent need of another role but is afraid to become typecast for movie 'B' or soft role pornography; who says in his casting session "Well of course I do not normally do the role of enforcement, but if it is artfully needed for the film ...............". This recollection has brought a very naughty image to a cartoon that shows Pia in such a session saying "Well of course I do not normally take any actual current role, but if it will really give me enough improved display My status as a symbol of sex .................. ". This is probably incredibly unfair, the rather sordid story is the fault of books by Harold Robbins; Considering the nature of Pia's exhibit in the story certainly does not get undue attention, and perhaps Pia (who once had a current award in Butterfly) is deliberately satirizing his party rather than attempting to act in an almost unplayable role. Critics usually point out the first actors as the problem whenever a movie proves disappointing, but this is unbelievably unfair; The writers and directors are far more often guilty of the culprit. The real problem with the "Lady Lonely" is that the scenario, like the original book, looks for sensation rather than substance, and nothing can help with that. <br /> <br /> The creativity for this movie is wrong, but if the story might have been more successful and a better script, tauter's leadership and really skillful act must remain a matter of personal judgment. As it was released, my rating viewers would depend on whether I evaluated my personal opinion, or assess how the movie succeeded in giving what it aims to do. My personal rating would be two out of ten; but to some extent this movie probably provides exactly who sponsors it intends, and judging on the basis of a quality rating card from ten would be reasonable. When you are in a charity attitude, and you want to make it clear that I do not blame Pia for my disappointment, I'll give an IMDb rating to four.
