Paul Armstrong is a liberal, Scottish born, professor of law at Harvard, known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty, who hired to take over the case of Bobby Earl, a young black man from Florida was convicted for the rape and murder of Joanie Shriver, a eleven year old white girl. Earl claims that his confession to the crime was found under duress by a sadistic police officer and that the real murderer is Blair Sullivan, a serious assassin already under the death sentence for several other killers. Armstrong visits Sullivan in his cell on death row, hoping to convince him to confess to Joanie's murder, thereby saving Earl out of the electric chair. <br /> <br /> At first all went well. Sullivan confessed and Earl was released in prison when the appellate court disassociated her conviction. As this development takes place only a little after half of the movie, it is at this point that alarm bell will begin ringing in the mind of the viewer. "Warning! Bigger twist ahead!" So it proves. The anticipated mortar will soon materialize. Earl, he transpired, is actually guilty of the crime in which he has just been released, and probably in many others as well, but hatching a demonic plan along with Sullivan in order to secure his freedom; Sullivan will confess to Joanie murder if Earl will kill his parents. (Just why Sullivan wanted her parents to die very precisely). Armstrong now finds that he himself is in danger from the man whose life he just saved; Earl has a grudge against the wife of Armstrong, himself a lawyer, who acts as lawyer for a prosecution in an earlier case when Earl accused of rape. <br /> <br /> "Just Cause" is an example of the self-cannibalism in which Hollywood sometimes likes to appreciate, cobbling along one movie by recycling the theme and device plot from a number of others. The first half must be an obvious film such as "Intruder in the Dust" and "To Kill a Mockingbird"; The only difference is that the sheriff who beats a confession from Bobby Earl is himself black, whereas in earlier films he would have been white. (Police Brutality is now an equal opportunity opportunity). The central twist of the plot was borrowed from Costa-Gavras's "Box Music", although in that film the revelation did not reach until the very end. The final, in which a lawyer, his wife and teenage daughter are in danger of an ancient client, is an obvious plagiarism in the two versions of "Cape Scary", which also takes place in the southwest swamp. Edaris Edaris of Sullivan as a religious Bible manuscript is a direct imitation of Robert de Niro's character in the Scorsese version of "Cape Fear", which took four years before "Just Cause". It's just a "patient" that has been borrowing many of the cinemas, seven years after the central era of its draw was, in its turn, to be flagrantly plagiarized in the car of Ashley Judd "High Crime"). The problem with this style of film-making-by-number is that the resulting films are generally much less distinguish than those that are inspiring. The whole is usually much less than the sum of the parts, and "just cause" is a film much less than any of those who have cannibalised to do it. Harris is usually a gifted actor but this is one of her weakest performances, largely because it's not so much a character playing as Niro plays Max Cady. Blair Underwood is OK as Bobby Earl (supposedly) innocent young man in the early, but convincing scenes as the Bobby Earl psychopath murdered later in the same. Sean Connery as Armstrong and Laurence Fishburne as the black sheriff prefer better, but neither is good enough to save the movie. (Connery and Harris have joined together in another, the best, movie, "Rock", the following year). <br /> There is another problem with "Just Cause". The first half of the film looks like an official movie "film", anti-death penalty, anti-racism and criticism of heavy-duty police. The second half looks more like the work of a dead-hard reactionary, announcing the message that all criminals are evil battles, that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the seat, which liberal director They are the helpful idiots of the Christian brotherhood and police officers who beat the suspects to be commended as heroes. The movies seem to have been blissfully unaware that the twisted drawbacks presented in the film have the effect (presumably desired) in reversing its political policy, or if they were aware of the problem to ignore it. A plotting plot obviously thought to be more important than political consistency. 4/10
