Well, have you got it, another disagreement on my account. Two, actually! First of all, though I like to think in my mind that I know a little something about the 70-euro exploitation and its most prolific contributor I have never heard of Joseph W. Sarno before. Here's a guy who has done more than seventy Rancid and movie-loaded movie films and I have not seen one single! How? Why? What happened here? Secondly, and even worse, just when you think that found a new source of genuine culture movies, the most popular and assumed "masterpiece" director turned out to be a irredeemably dull and irresponsible film. Admittedly, lesbian vampires form a beautiful genuine sub-genre as a whole, but some are immersed in menacing and curious sensualities (such as "Vampires" José Larraz or Harry Kümmel in "Daughters of Darkness"). Sarno's film is nothing to offer, except the copious amounts of free nudity and even become boring rather quickly. The events take place in an old solitaire castle, hidden deep in the German mountains, where five centuries ago lived a bad baroness and killer (literally). His faithful followers still throw naked dances in the catacombs castle, which are lit by penis-shaped candles ?? ALCH, and hope to resurrect baroness at any time soon now. Suddenly (not even wondering how) the castle is filled with young and sexy female guests, so even more erotic values ​​apart. Sound is delicious and fun enough, but the "Devil plays thing" has a massive number of sequences where literally nothing happens and where the thrown expressions ignore the visible expressions are simply undesirable! Sarno is not able to create suspicions or build a gothic atmosphere (or maybe it just did not bother) and the actresses ability to restrict themselves standing up to the topless camera and pulling a really domestic figure. Please do yourself a favor: no matter how desperately you strive to see all lesbian-vampire lyric movies in the 70's, this one is not worth a penny! The repertoire of Jess Franco and Jean Rollin are the most artistic comparisons to this dude.
