Sexo Cannibal, or Devil Hunter as it is commonly known among English speakers, begins with actresses and models Laura Crawford (Ursula Buchfellner as Ursula Fellner) check out her new movie and her assistant Jane (Gisela Hahn). After a long day of Laura relaxing in her bedroom chamber when two very dubious characters called Chris (Werner Pochath) & Thomas (Antonio Mayans) burst into & kidnapped she helped in Jane's treachery. Laura's agent gets on the leasing-a-hero Peter Weston (Al Cliver) fan who informs about the situation, the Laura kidnappers on an isolated island & are asking for a 6 million ransard. Peter said he will pay 200,000 to get it back safe & a plus 10% of the 6 million if it carries it as well, faster than a rats up a drainage pipe Peter & Vietnam vet his friend helicopter pilot Jack on the island & decide on how to save Laura. So, the kidnappers have Laura & Peter have 6 million, but neither want them to be so much. Just complicated things beyond this particular island is isolated from home to a primitive tribe (hell of all the generations they lived only managed to build one straw hut, now that's primitive) which worships some cannibal monster wine (Burt Altman) and eyes bulging as a god and human sacrifice and this cannibal has a sympathy for young, white and intelligent woman ... This Spanish, French & German co-production has co -Write & directed by the prolific Jesus Franco who also gets the credit for the music as well. Sexo Cannibal has taken a certain amount of notoriety here in the UK as it puts on the 'Video Nasties' list in the early 80's under the alternate Devil Hunter title & therefore officially classified as obscene & banned, he said that I have no idea why it is one bad movie & even Franco, who is not afraid to be associated with a turkey, decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of Clifford Brown. I would imagine even the most dead-hard Franco fans would have a hard time to defend this stuff. Scripts by Franco, my sorry mistakes meant Clifford Brown & Julian Esteban as Julius Valery was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product & wanted to have him removed, it's terrible. It's as simple and straight forward as that. For a movie start so boring it's true, the kidnapping scheme is one of the dullest I've ever seen without the slightest bit of tension or excitement that involves & the horror side of things does not improve as we get a big black and stupid eyes about over-size sized plus cannibal tunes. As a Sexo Cannibal horror film fails & as an action adventure it has no more success, this is one to avoid. <br /> <br /> Director Franco shows his usual incompetence at all, a head decapitated by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try and give the impression he is not attached to anything ! Cannibal scenes are the lame, action lame and has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the forest getting out of 'A' in 'B' & do not really do anything when they get there either. It gets incredibly dull and tedious to look after about 10 minutes & do not forget this thing goes on for 94 minutes in it's state-of-the-art. I also must mention the hilarious scene when the Al Cliver is supposed to climb a cliff, this is achieved by Franco turning his camera on the side and having Cliver crawling on the floor! Just look at the way her dress hangs and how she never grabs on anything as she just pulls herself together! The throat is not that great & as far as Cannibal Euro movie goes this is very tame, some gross close to the mouth cannibal as it grinds bits of meat, a man puppies on spikes, bloody and small hand in triple. There's a bit of nudity in Sexo Cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene. <br /> <br /> Sexo Cannibal must have had a low budget & I mean low. This movie is a film that has been made with special terrible effects & rock production values ​​below. The only decent thing about it is the forest environment that at least looks authentic. The absorbed music & sound effects become annoying as there is plenty of heavy breathing every time the cannibal is on screen. Acting in the absorbed, everything was obviously armed anyway, but no one in this case can act. Sexo Cannibal is a terrible movie that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. The only good thing I can say is that it has a certain atmosphere in it & these close ups of the cannibal mill are very gross. Anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give Sèkso cannibal as wide as possible as possible, one to avoid.
