Back in the day before the toxic toxic, the low-trumpet kings at Troma Films tried to take high (OK, a bit-less-low) road to produce right slasher pic. I would like to think that watching the results here is what convinced them to give up all pretense and go for self-conscious parody. <br /> <br /> Splatter University is another movie for masochists at the audience. As he rescues to the two separate sections with inulable useless subplots, it actually becomes painful to watch. Let's see if I can resume. After learning that a dangerous psychopathist escaped from a local hospital, the action is moving to a Catholic University (I do not remember the name, but in honor of the title, let's call it St. Splatter). Students are smooth and trembling, and discussively communicating with each other, slackers ahead of time. Meanwhile, the new teacher, Julie Parker, proved utterly incompetent in his work. Children deal with relationships, infidelity, unwanted pregnancies, pear priests, and how to avoid doing any class work; Julie deals with a creepy companion, the supple administration of St. Splatter, mothers unwed mother, and the blank, looks like the expression of her students. None of that means something reindeer or settles in any way meaningful. Oh, and every once in a while, a POV shot comes along and sticks one of the girls to death, but does not keep your breath waiting for it. There's a Red Red Killer, and then a darkly anticrisistic confrontation with the Real Killer, then returning to the asylum and the roll credit. <br /> <br /> The slow pace and many inanimate subplots seem almost calculated to produce a mounting sense of frustration of the viewer, which helped together by horrible corruption, coffee-quality sound quality, and dialogue that just does not make no sense. And the most agonizing thing about this movie is to fix the killer on women - the guys in this movie are just to deserve. I paid good money to see someone in the jerk with the pregnant girlfriend, or Lothario in the pit that was deformed around with his girlfriend's roommate, or any of the priests climbing. There is no justice.
