I bought the DVD CASTLE DVD on eBay for a few bucks not knowing what it was and all I can say is that I was not disappointed with this purchase. CASTLE BLOOD is one of those European film horror films that have almost no quality rachim except for being quite fun, for all the bad reasons. The opening alone was worth the price of the DVD: our heroine, Dr. Ivanna, came to the castle where he was supposed to help a scientist, Baron Dalmar, who experienced the death tissue. On his way to the castle 1) a man tries to violate Ivanna. 2) housekeeper the castle battle with it. 3) the maid wants to die. 4) and finally, Baron Dalmar almost spits on it and wants it out the next day. Hmm ... something tells me he's not welcome. And as a miserable arrival, you would think Ivanna would leave the place in a few minutes but no, like many big garbage films, our heroine 'headstrong' decided to stay put and even enjoy a candle dinner with the Baron Grumpy the same day excellent. The intro is so over-the-top garbage (it's even bigger than the first few memorable minutes of Canadian movie, Junior) that I knew I would enjoy this. <br /> But the fun did not finish. Ivanna is repeated drugs every time she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from the naked, naked, tied and tortured knowledge of S & M by an unseen man. Even after these S & M sessions, Ivanna stayed in the castle, dully convinced by Baron to upset that what he had to experience had nothing more than dreams. To be expected, even after being treated so badly out of attendance, Ivanna, fell in love with the Baron. Ivanna completely neglected anything negative about her, including the obvious fact that the dwarf baron is popular with the young ladies. Every woman in the castle (she looks only the work woman) is in love with the little miserable, who does not mind taking advantage of beautiful young things. Things get the same sillier as a cashier around the estate and kill (and killed) the women. Basically, physically defined Baron's brother, Igor is responsible for everything. In a very long stage scene, the brother warned the Baron he should not get too involved with Ivanna or he will suffer the consequences. So what does the Baron and Ivanna do about this? Well, they got married! During the wedding ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry locals (father of one of the dead girls). But all these things do not discourage Ivanna, who, among all the dead young ladies and turtles surrounding them, cheerfully convey the sick Baron that "it's just a body injury" and the two can go On and enjoy the bees in the castle, where the brother / killer / violence / brother. Everything is rapidly devolved into a triangular triangle triangle of quality, between Ivana, the Baron and Igor. Blame it all about love! <br /> <br /> Anyway, you get the idea: it's not subtle. Almost everything is the over-the-top ridicule of this movie and when it's not OTT, as the biggest forecast, things get a boring tad. But for most of the film, the director or writer is weaned in one hour maligningly fashy after another. I really like these types of films, everything as subtle being hit on the head with a sledgehammer, and populated by characters behaving. Even those who made the Retromedia DVD realize this and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits in dialogue from the armed film lined endlessly. <br /> <br /> Production value is very good. Opening and closing the credit, with these candles and red curtains ... ah, a loop of the class. The sound sounds sometimes as something from a film Burton Burton, which only adds to the uniqueness of it all. And ordinary of these types of films, when the young ladies take on their clothes, they just beg to die. <br /> <br /> As a standard movie, I rate this 2, but as a "it's so bad it's good" movie, I miss it a solid 8 stars. If you enjoy garbage films, please look at this one. It's a must see. The only thing left is to meditate on it: what would she get for this woman to get out of that freaking castle?
