(various thirsty follow) <br /> Gene Kelly. By Georges Guetary, who sometimes criticized for being too young and un-French. By Leslie Caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. Not even Oscar Levant, who is more often than not annoying the dickens from me. <br /> No, it would definitely be Gene Kelly. There is something about his screen's character that is too ambitious and focused for him to be convinced as a penniless artist in Paris, the content put in dealing critically indefinitely, frolicking with toddlers and old ladies and painting on the streets . That's what made him so effective in the 'Singin' of the grape and other cinemas where he played ambitious, focused characters. Jerry Mulligan is in some ways a cousin Tommy Albright of BRIGADOON, another Lerner story and Kelly miscast as an American at the late end that fell in love with a picturesque European location and an innocent girl who defines his virtue. /> Except that Jerry is not as friendly as the same poor Tommy dazed. This is another galling stuff on this movie. Jerry is sometimes a Milo Frame, and even worse Lyise. When he first saw the letter in a club, he pulled a dirty trick to get it to dance with him. When she sits down, she pulls an even fun trick to finding her phone number. When he called it the next day he hung on it, which he took as a cue released in his workplace. And in all this it's obvious she does not want to do with her. When she starts laughing in her joke at the smell of shop, she's as credible as Milo's interest in painting. Ensure it is good-looking and playful, but why should that belief be when Henry, who looks like a boot gentleman? <br /> <br /> Admittedly it comes to unpleasant part because of the actress. If a role like Lise was played by, say, Judy Garland, it would shower Jerry and insult her with glares. If it was played by Cyd Charisse, one would admire his bowel. But when she played by first-round Leslie Caron she looks like acting like a shy, vulnerable vulnerable, and as a result Jerry just looks like a creep. And why have they chosen these other actors (though personally I would rather have resolved things without changing the lead) when the whole story hinges on such romance of young poor sweethearts disantangling themselves in their loveless commitment to most great rich? Not only Gene Gelly a few years above Guetary and Foch, he was old enough to be Caron's father. <br /> In short I think it all would have been improved by casting some kind of comedy-dizzy type dancers as Jerry, the kind of typically back in the role of music support ... Ray MacDonald's example of GOOD NEWS or Bobby Van little TAN. Perhaps not necessarily but someone likes them. Someone could chase after Lise and did it seem to playful inofansive; someone who would really be happy living in Chaplinesque hole-in-the-wall; a person with humor and naught would have been the best and most frightening Oscar Levant's sarcophagus. It probably also would have made the ballet seem less ponderous. And he would give a voice that could sing Gershwin better. <br /> <br /> All this can give the impression that I do not like Gene Kelly. I love him. It was the most formidable of its film, just not this one (well, with some others). I do not despise AAIP itself, either; It has good points, such as the direction of the art. And Leslie Caron, who despite his inexperience is rather good, and really seems to have just stepped out of a painting. Georges Guetary does a great job with the "paradise of paradise" it is my favorite number in the movie. Nina Foch is beautiful and touch and should end with gem. But by Jerry Mulligan. I do not want to be on it.
