N.B.: Spoilers in. To assign an artistic director to an operation surgery naturally and inevitably means you will find a piece of mind the director. But directing a opera Wagner is a particularly difficult task, as it may have been the most explicit opera composed in terms of what things should look like and how to unfold. Hans-Jurgen Syberberg loaded this film into "Parsifal," the ultimate chief of the Wagner, and his printing pressures caused him to almost burst into the seams. You get more than one piece of the director: you get the whole pod fatted and then some. Syberberg is to admire for his taste for tearing back the covers on the uglier aspects of German history. But does it work to melee this desire to a already tired Wagner opera and its own concept? <br /> The scene and the rider of God's Grace in Acts I and III are especially packed with visual illness and symbolism. These draws from Wagner's own time, long before, and go far. If you know what these things mean, they can enrich Syberberg's vision (but not necessarily improve Wagner's vision); If you do not know what they mean, they are simply confusing, if not annoying. I will not bother to loosen the plot of the opera here. Try to say it is a typical Wagnerian synthesis of various elements, in this case a blend of the Holy Grail of God and the principles, practices, and pianos of Christianity. The theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in almost every opera Wagner. <br /> <br /> I personally had to be sweat to find in Syberberg's first act (among my junk accreditation, the music saved the day). But Act II takes up the speed. Here we meet Klingsor, the evil sorcerer, from the entrance to the lost "innocent fool" Parsifal. The greatest seductress of them all, Kundry, will be used to sinking it into the dark side. After an initial initials with more symbols, these get away away, with long, gorgeous, duet transformation between young people and genres really take off. Finally the movie begins to work a genuine magic, and it is primarily due to the Syberberg choosing to put things naturally and simply. Suddenly the act begins to work (expressive Edith Clever's actress and appetizing soprano of Yvonne Minton team to create a nice Kundry); Suddenly the music seems to come to life and keep alive the turmoil of the interior of the two characters. The camera work remains simple and slowly fluid. In other words, Wagner allows him to tell his story more about his own theme. And it works very well. For me it was the most rude part of the movie. With the re-entry of the riders in Part II of Act III, the strange weird seniors unfortunately creep back in. There are some other Syberberg lions ideas: using a great death car Wagner as a major set-piece (causing prognosis the composer's prototype of comic stripping); Dress up the III riders of all kinds of costumes, wigs, and makeups (what is the director saying? that riders are a bunch of buffets? That they express multiple or timeless layers of significance beyond their surface functions. .. It's guess anybody's); insertion ?? just after the incredibly touching baptism of Kundry by Parsifal ?? rear-projection footage in the conductor's repetition, in modern-day realism, her orchestra in the studio (this completely breaks my filaments dramatically, requiring a few minutes to resume); Full warning for having a time passed between Acts II and III (when we encounter the Knight and Gurnemanz "narrator" again, it would be an old, old man, and Parsifal should be re-appearing as a world-weary, old man); but certainly the most rare stroke is to divide the Parsifal character into male / female components. Some find this the most brilliant stroke. No doubt I can credit Karin Krick, who plays "Parsifal 2," and acting in strength and dignity (he also happens to be the best lip-sheer the whole cast cast). But please ... Parsifal Wagner's conception is already so complex. Her growth comes from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, realizing his breakthrough in Law II of the eternal wound of Amfortas and how he became his own , returning him as the great Redeemer of Law III ?? This is the journey of a masterful character constructed. The sexual aim is just gimmicky and absurd. (And what's this nonsense about a Homoerotic and Parsifal Gurnemanz? By we can just accept a counselor / apprentice relationship, which is marvelously reversed in Act III?) <br /> <br /> Monte Carlo Philharmonic is under Armin Jordan plays with passion and beauty (though the choir is disappointing). But after watching this movie I just wanted to whip out my Solti led solution (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED) and get my Wagnerian Bearings straight again. The movie experience for me ranged from the bizarre fun fraternity. For Syberberg's credit, he created a visual inspection work, and he certainly offers a unique take on an important opera. But instead of sticking to "Parsifal," it seems they wanted to bring in everything Wagnerian: the man, the life, the enormous influence ... all of it's symbolic code. The "Parsifal" opera is already full of heavy symbols: Grail, Spear, Sacrament of the Holy Spirit, baptism, Amfortas's all-time wounds, Klingsor's self-esteem, kiss, Kundry's curse, and over and over. This is not to mention * the symbolic music * sounding still in the note, in the form of Wagner's leitmotif system. "Parsifal" itself is a great symbol! As you go back to my first paragraph, Syberberg's whole pig is too much for me. But if this project sounds like something to fancy your fancy, then go for it. I will not recommend just stay away from this; you can find yourself happy to meet. Or if you need something to crack your Wagner bar, try it ... but please do not stop here. "Parsifal" is at a late, very leaked league of its own.
