Recap: According to legend, Valkyrie Brunhilda challenged Odin and was tied to a stone surrounded by an eternal fire. Only a heartfelt heart can pass through the flames, free Brunhilda and release it from Odin's claim, and have it for himself. Now war is impressive in the northern countries, and the king needs an alliance with the Berserkers. The Berserkers are warriors claimed by the Odin valki, lusting for war, blood and flesh, and therefore exceeds, but superior in battle. The leader of the Berserkers is a son who despises the king, pig, and his cost for the alliance is his brother, the future king, Barek. But after the king was victorious in battle, he refused to give up his only son, swearing swearing to swine and betray him and killing him. Pigs save only by calling the Barek on Odin. But that's just the beginning of the fight between the brothers, and the final battles are about to start now, a millennia later ... <br /> Comments: I was hoping this would be a movie based on some ground Viking, far too small quality movie about Viking made. It started out very good too, with detailed lengths of weapons, beautiful and tight scenery and an OK fight. <br /> <br /> The foundation of the Aesir myths is thin and it looks very pervading with me. Odin is much more vengeful, clumsy and absent than I remind him from school, and the valkyries turned into some demon vampires. I have no expert but looks downright wrong. <br /> But the fatal mistake made by this movie is to move the time-environment out of the original time-period today. If the two brothers fought it out of the correct time, with some decent fighting, this movie would be best. Now, the environment, suddenly is changing Stockholm's present day. Still, Odin is present and sends her pigs and berserkers to Brunhilda and Barek who gives comical scenes when armored armor and painted swordfights and Bareerkers among industries. Beautiful mountains and woods were exchanged for cement. But when they are allowed to focus on one fight, instead of massive fighting as at the start, I quickly see that the battles and agility of the actors are slow and sloppy. The end result is thin story, sometimes difficult to follow and just just amazing, and the only that could save it, the action is drawn from sword, sword and clumsy clumsy. It draws very little from Aesir Myths or Viking traditions. So both stories and actions fail, and the movie is just plain bad. <br /> <br /> Finally, as a Swede, this movie is a little confusing. Supposedly filmed entirely in South Africa, it still has some familiar Swedish signs, patches and apparently having a native police car. However, the effort is poor and only goes so far, like really putting it into Sweden. No names are Swedish (possibly with Anya as the exception), there are no Swedish familiar scenery, they (supposedly) speak a little (ancient?) Norwegian, not Swedish. And uniforms, both police and medical, are clearly not Swedish. If they were not going to even try to do it correctly - and really give the illusion that it is set in Sweden, why harassed at all? <br /> <br /> 4/10
