I am fully aware of no statistical data that easily supports the correlation between video games and real-life violence. The film is false and fox because it is in complete contradiction to itself, which is what I tried to emphasize in my original review. The movie fails, not necessarily because I really think these kids were influenced by video games, but because the movie sets it as "random" and does not follow. Let me clarify. In Aileen: Life and death in a serious assassin, you can see her claims about the police and controlled by the ridiculous radio wave, but it is so troubled, it really believes they are to be true. The viewer can distinguish however. In zero days, children 2 keep saying how they are not influenced by the environment anything, which is obviously false since everything to do this contradiction. Neo-Nazism, talking about going on CNN and Wolf Blitzer (which is ridiculous not only because they know his name, but it's a cynical attempt by the filming to get coverage in his bad movie) .. etc .. This film does not describe 'reality', it shows nothing but the evidence to prove a point. Unfortunately you have fallen for the bait and did not see this, and you did not pick it up in my review either. The whole movie is just to take Michael Moore's hypothesis and apply it to something "real life" in hoping to validate and fail, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the movie is wrong and does not support it . Of course I do not think kids play video games are more likely to kill, but if I do not make mistakes, do not tap videos existed in kids Columbine (or some young killer) shoot guns in the jungle claiming how many were watch or act like the gun in bankruptcy? Hmmmmmmm, the distinction is children most likely to know about the media, influencing, but obviously balanced or smart enough that it's not even a problem. Zero Day is a bad movie not because I really believe a correlation exists, but because the movie maker does not know what hes trying to say, and the movie does more to lack of points then supports it. It's almost as if the new ratings given video games have made someone angry so they came up with 'Zero Days' in retaliation. If you want to see the 'mindless' bloodthirsty theory pulled off right, go Bully look.
