I must admit that I was a sucker for samurai flicks since I can remember. I used to look rather indiscriminate, so it's "elitist" to work like the seven samurai or variations of without comic-books like Lone Wolf and Cub. I also loved US- / Japanese "crossovers" like the Bushido blade. And in everything course with Sonny Chiba and Hiroyuki Sanada. And I was virtually watching each Samurai at least twice. But not Kabuto. <br /> In 1993 I first saw Kabuto on video, that same movie Samurai can be boring. At the beginning I was looking forward to Mayda to Europe and the confrontations that would come from but not the time it actually happened to Spain, I really did not care much for the movie yet. would not do justice to the movie called it "bad". Technically it is a clean entry in the genre. But there is simply never quiet enough. Shou Kosugi has limited skills as both directors and actors and has only a fraction of the above mentioned charisma Japanese actors. And speaking of Sho Kosugis, Kane's son, appeared in almost all Shou Kosugi films as Shos son: he was inherited little-to-none of his ancestors limiting acting skills. The less-point ads are the absence of the blood and gore that until then, was a trademark of all samurai films. This was obviously intended for a younger US- / European audience. Allow just to say it's a movie so-so for fans of the historical-adventure-adventure, but a make for stubborn fans of Samurai movies. Fans of the "Samurai Meet" - genre, they should rather go and watch Red Sun (1971), featuring Charles Bronson as cowboy whose team up with Samurai Toshiro Mifume retrieves a samurai sword from bad-guy Alan Delon. It's pretty much how to do it right and where Kabuto went wrong. <br /> So even if the movie is only 100 minutes, it looks like a movie much longer. <br /> The reason I gave this an honorable 4/10 point instead of 3/10: The first time I saw this movie, I saw it in the German synchronized version. In this version, Kosugi can actually be understood. I must admit that 'Engrish' it is at funny times but gets tired after about 30 minutes.
