This review applies to film cuts that are generally available as "Wrath of the Wolfman". I understand there is an uncut version out there and additional footage, and I hope it has at least eight or nine critical scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as "Wrath of the Wolfman". In short, the film makes absolutely no sense too. It is nonsense history, and incomprehensible nonsense. Waldemar Daninsky, which revered lycanthropic antibodies described by Paul Naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal guy who had just returned from a trip to Tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. Somehow this turned him into a werewolf. Daninsky is a doctor, a scientist, and an instructor in what appeared to be a college. One of her female colleagues, Ilona Elmann, is involved in a wave of hypnosis. "Chematodes," a meaningless story used to refer to a bunch of strings attached to a victim's head. Ellman feels this will allow him to "change the direction of the human brain", naturally allowing it to rule the world, providing it can get us all attached to those wires with no problems. Elmann is also in werewolves, because she kidnaps Daninsky and takes her to his hidden lab. It had a lot of people who were trapped as well. Some of them are similar to gypsum, and they are chains, in various states of clarity. Others are hippies clearly. Elmann feels that someday he can "help them be people again" (?), But in the meantime he controls them with his chemist. Waldemar becomes the main man striking him, wandering around like a werewolf zombie - which is until the filmmakers decided to use footsteps to connect to another Naschy werewolf movie, "Frankenstein's Bloody Horror" (no wonder), at which point makeup Naschy's werewolf changes considerably and lurches around like an animal. <br /> <br /> Does this make any sense? No? Well. The film is the movie's favor. It does not try and engage you on any kind of intellectual level, it just goes full speed ahead with whatever absolute dialogue or film movie movie can put it. "Wrath of the Wolfman" may be the best movie party in Halloween ever. You absolutely do not have to pay attention to it, and in fact if you do, you will be completely confused.
