I saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently, on one of these DVDs that seems to be everywhere nowadays, and they have so moved by it that I can not include myself. For those who have never seen this miserably misguided Mexican import, and they want to see it without being prejudiced by other people's Nextand, there is undoubtedly substantial defect in what follows. So, if you are one of those reckless people, stop reading at once and go and watch it for yourself. If you get enough drinks in advance, you may have enough luck to get out before it's over. <br /> Start with the quiz that one can become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. No one in the initiative film is an explanation of how this sort of cross-species implant can occur, and the rest of the movie is even more hopelessly absolute. But pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you drink), and let's continue. Paul Naschy (our Worwar) has a look at a man fighting a toothache, in a city where only dentist has traded his reserve in Novocaine for a cheap whiskey case, and he drinks ever since. (Is not it one of the luck?) Naschy's facial expression never varies, whether in or out of makeup, and apparently no one gives him any coach on how to act like a werewolf. Occasionally she tries to imitate the Looney Chaney Jr Crouch, but most of the time she simply strolls around in her black mafia shirt, just like another cool cool and a too many facial hair. To be fair, the makeup is actually better than the actor inside of it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. Naschy's Werewolf is the only one I can think of that changes change twice in the middle of a prowl. She goes out of black shirt shirt red, then goes back to black, then goes back to red, then goes back to black, all in one, frenzied night. Interestingly enough, it still does Crouch's Chaney while wearing the red shirt, and the market dude cool while wearing the black shirt. And it's just while she's wearing the red shirt that we see so much of the anger alluded to the title. Obviously there is something about red shirts that just carry out the animal in her. So, anyway, after being bitten by the cross-pollinating yeti, the poor irritation returns home from Tibet to learn that his wife has been sleeping with one of his students. Two lovers are illegal trying to kill him by adjusting the brakes on his car. He survived the wreckage and made it home just in time for a full moon. Then after grinding his wife and his girlfriend, he wanders off again, and somehow managed to get himself electrocuted. But what is enough? Can they leave this stiff suffering in peace? Not a chance. It is resurrected by a supposed female scientist and a hardcore S / M fetish, otherwise known as the "Doctor" (and definitely not a new incarnation of Doctor Who). He dug it up and whiskks he went to his artful castles, took him down to the dungeon, chained him to the wall and gave him a damn flogging good. Probably such a string of indignation must be enough to put a little anger into any Wolfman. After her de-shirted rampage, Wolfman spent most of the rest of the movie wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (And who can blame him?) In the wake of his wandering, he meets a variety of reckless incognito in glowing, including a man dressed in medieval guns, a dark stupid Phantom of the Opera impersonator (supposedly father of physician a), and a hard slave slave partying. <br /> So what's it all about, one reasonable reason to ask? One gets the wave impression that he has something to do with self-control, and involves something the doctor called "chemotrodes." (Best guess. I really have no idea how it's spelled, if there is even such thing.) Bénéficiently, the experience ends in failure, and most importantly, it ends ... before one has time to gnaw own its legs. <br /> Of course, one does not really expect any sense of a movie like this, but at least it should be good for laughing. This is not true. Forget it, friends. There is a flip sort of anarchy on this film, from patched-together, tequila-dipping his embassy to his atractive cinema and agonizing music notes, which challenges even the most sneaky attempts to get any kind of MST3K laughs out of it. If it is not good for that, what hell is it good for? If Montezuma's revenge could somehow have been digitally remastered and put on a DVD, it would look exactly this movie.
