"The Furia of the Immortal Lobo" forms a fully-stand-alone scenario that does not seem to fit into all of Old Waldemar Daninsky's movies. Some have commented that this film is supposed to take place before the events of "Shadow Werewolf", although it was released later ... they may be good, I'm not sure. Anyway, in this film Waldemar Daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in Tibet (great dialogue here - "It was a yeti.But this is impossible .. I'm a scientist and things do not exist. It was a hallucination "That's all.") And although marks with the pentagram sign, it is able to prevent the change from a werewolf until it discovers that his wife was cheating on it. Changing the animal one night and killing Both her and her lover before running out of a storm and being electrocuted.It not long before she was resurrected by a Dominatrix university professor doing some kind of unfathomable experience and self-control. in a castle where the subjects of these experiments live as chains. <br /> <br /> First of all - Jacinto Molina, Paul Naschy, whatever you want to call her, she is a fine actor and caring Fascinating about his work. No matter how flawed these movies, you can always count on it for a decent performance. The rest of the cast looks good enough, but it's hard to say when they have a half-LED voice-on armed over all the lines. And that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice-over artists used were just awful, awful, awful. Every time I chuckled during the film it was the insufficient way that they delivered the lines (they seem to always look at the hero as "Waldeman"). But unfortunately it's almost impossible to find subtitled copies of Naschy movies, although they are sometimes available in the original language without the translation. <br /> <br /> The direction of Jose Maria Zabalza looks like a hit-and-miss clown. There are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are badly constructed and wrong edited, particularly in the final scenes when it really counts. The reason for this was that Zabalza was apparently drinking most of the time while on set. He allowed his nephew Nephew to rewrite Molina's dialogue, using extra expenses without his permission, and spliced ​​several shots from Molina's earliest movies. All this pretty much lost any chance this movie was in being one of Molina's best works, and it's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again. <br /> But it's not all bad news, as there are some good ideas here. Some aspects of the scenario make an interesting psychological drama and the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage. 'The Werewolf as a yeti' idea is one that has returned to work later Molina. There are some very awful and surreal things going on down to the cellar, and there's also a very memorable sequence of half way in the movie where Daninsky runs from house to house in a village, killing or harassing innocence as it goes - a The single scene is particularly intense, but it's actually up straight from Molina's first film, "La Marca del Hombre-Lobo" and a few other shots. I actually found the movie on the whole to be very fun, although there are some issues with the Front Row Entertainment version, like very obvious cuts (although some of it may simply be due to the director of lack of continuity). God knows what omissions have - I'll probably try to get my hand on the version inscribed in some stages in the future. <br /> <br /> This is a general decent piece of ancient Naschy that experienced fans might enjoy, but it could be best and so probably would not make a great introduction.
