Bad actors, bad filming, demonic dialogue, funding, but then again it was a good quote in the first place. Basically, a 11 year old who is intimidated because he has very little money to give a blank check to a marauding criminal. Of course, 11-year-old is happening to possess enough technology and intelligence to buy a home, cash a check for 1,000,000 dollars, and even foil three sparkling idiots, reminiscent of the three stooges. Preston Blake is a bitter, obnoxious boy, who decides that, when writing a blank check by a complete stranger, he will take advantage of the situation as best he can. In other words, it wanders into a bank but <br /> a teller a check it does in its printer, and miraculously walk out with a million dollars in cash. Preston also apparently can reach incredible speeds on his bike, due to the fact that a man drives a Jaguar after Preston and his 10-speed speed could not catch him, even when Preston jumped a row of cars. /> Of course, with each hokey adventure movie, there has to be hot heroine. In this case our hot heroine is a child who bothers FBI agent who prestoses date eleven years, and promises another date when he spins 17. However, absolute worst aspects of this film did not drop it Both its dialogue, such as "The only other way I could think of squat a cat is to stick a tire down to it and then pick up the fur." It was, rather, the whole fact that nobody in the entire movie seemed to realize that the FBI did not give a damn on random people. What I failed to explain is that Preston used the alias "Macintosh" masquerade as an entrepreneur of quality. Of course, the FBI finds this intriguing and sends our young heroine after Preston, who uses his 11-year old to first cry when lobster falls on his face, then treats it to hamburgers, finishes with a ridiculous elbow in a cemented area where water is dug out of the ground. Our heroine fails to realize that during this entire FBI criminal case the pursuit is slippery and slippery right behind the road, as they make their way to the Limousine Preston, complete with a 1-dimensional driver who never fails cheap, 3th laugh, that the whole family can crack over. <br /> Overall: 1/10 is incredibly pity for this movie. I do not see how it only has a 4.4 / 10.
