I honestly had no idea that Notorious B.I.G. (The Bert I. Gordon director; not raping the murderer) has always been active in the 80's! I have always been presumptuous about the success of the "Empire of the Ants" as its latest masterful achievement in the genre of terror, but that was before my lounge dirty little stumbled upon an ancient copy and VHS dust in the "Coming", a Totally obscure and unusual of magic-movie that has actually turned out to be a surprise or more beautiful! What starts out like a seemingly atmospheric story of late Black Age soon takes a funny turn when a village in the year 1692 inexplicably becomes transferred to Salum, Massachusetts, and promptly attacked a girl in the history museum. To see, this particular girl is the reincarnation of Putman who was a good girlfriend of evil girl in 1692 and lies accused of twenty people in practicing magic that led to the executions of the state. The man who attacked Loreen lost his wife and daughter and wants his late revenge. But poor and three-year-old Loreen is just an innocent schoolgirl, ?? or is it? The "Burning Feet" unfolds as a mixture between the "Exorcist" and "General Witchfinder" and a bit tad into the "time machine" thrown in for good measurements. Ways to go, Bert! The plot becomes saddier and more meaningless with all new twist, but at least it never transcends into complete boredom, as is often the case in other contemporary cinema movies such as "The Horror of Dunwich" and the "Devonsville Terror". The movie jumps back and forth between the events of the present day and riots in 1692; which keep it rather fun and fast-paced. Ann Putman's girl is quite a fascinating character, reminiscent of the character Abigail Williams in the stage most often known stage of the "Cruzib" (also represented by Winona Ryder in the 1996 Motion Picture). There are a couple of cool death sequences, such as the teacher of the graveyard or the journalist in the library, being committed by ghosts of malignant reverber who made a park with Ann Putman and maybe even the Devil himself. The film gets nice spastic and completely absorbed near the end, but in general there are some good cheese fun to be. Plus, the youngest you can say about Bert I. Gordon is that it definitely builds some leadership skills over the years.
