I saw thousands of movies and never wrote a review, but my Red Eyes witnessed so at odds with the glowing courts that are posted here that I have to offer my two cents to protest- and vote the lowest possible fairs bring the average closer to reality. <br /> This is a boring stupor stupor in a memorable film only for its apologist representation of the terrorists' target (a John Bolton-equipped diplomatic diplomat who's really a big guy, not you know) and in the Dr. Oh-so-nice and popular (with bestselling books, someone learns, it's not often fliers worldwide). Only the real red eyes I experienced were out of rubbing my eyes of disbelief. Before you fork out $ 10 or so for this B movie, she chooses 'Quotes (from trailer') above, and ask yourself if you will really enjoy a movie in which these were the smart lines to be find. Unfortunately, nothing else in this film is any better. The first basic is to jump as hell; The act is bland and uninspired, completely lacking in pro / antagonist chemistry; The potential suspension is called at every turn - except for the past five minutes - by direct correction and correction of anticipation; The script is riddled with incongruities like: early revealing of the heroine as a universal lacrosse star called into question when he later fights the antagonist with a field hockey stick; and the drawings are wider than first class (while character development is forbidden coaching). <br /> Then there are moments of extreme ridiculous, as when the daughter at a high level public house does not head straight for airport security, at her first opportunity, warns of an assassination plot against both the Head of Security National and his father. Or when the same lady runs hell-bent-to-leather along slick airport linoleum, piston arm and veins around her neck inflated, while wearing 4 inch waist waist. Or when his prosecutor runs also the same as a suckling wound in his trachea. Or when the terrorists use a fishing pole to carry the guns in the lower of the freeway port. I always want to stop disbelief, but I will not leap from 30,00 feet without a parachute. A good thing I can say in this film is that it shows women that they can (even in bimbo form) in touching the most extreme emergencies - the kind of gender imman sorely lacking in American cinema. In addition, this film has never really taken, and it has no more fun than fleeting eyes of red from Boston in NY. Remember last time you were registered by deceptive trailer and glowing tribes - in this forum or elsewhere? This is one of those times. Wait for the red eye view, and do not watch it then, either.
