Wes Craven, you have a laugh ... at our expense. The Red Eye plot is preposterous ... We are confronted by a guy who has apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl, who then turns into an airport behind her, flirts and chats it up with Successfully, somehow wangles a seat next to it in a two-seat chairs, not locked in between a five-seat chairs (contact in check-in?) and it is nice to be pleasant during a slooooow build up. Then once up in the air, in a closed space, surrounded by strangers, he immediately begins to threaten the vacuous, if super-efficient, Rachel McAdams and says tosh like 'we got ya dad, do that I say, or Poppa gets it '. Well, forgive me, but did not already have her dad ready-so-you-best-oughta long before she stepped on the plane and that's why she would not oh, sooooooo very simple too Simply pulling the gall on the street and terrorizing it in a room somewhere, forgetting the complicated and anxious plot, pulling his nail out or whatever until he did all the important 'call' required? Or even - this cos is the movies and we need a little real tory - keep dumb-in-distressed thing intact if you owe, but dress her up so that keep her in ways damaging until the complicated scheme conclude to make some sense, without the plane dumbdown? Alternatively, without wanting to sound like a thoughtful think tank / assassin - could not massively bazooka-missile thang employees were far easier to use on, say, a car driven down the highway, and the politician inside, rather The 50th story at a Miami seafront hotel, from a fishing boat (yourself, as we already know, safety in Miami is lax, so will be far away)? I know, I know, far more fun to attend a beautiful girl for 8 weeks, burgle his father's house to fly his wallet (somehow - style star trek - to be transported from Miami Texas immediately) In order to - perhaps - find it to arrange a politician to change hotel rooms and, and, and ... Well, something thousand can go wrong here, each one entirely destroy the Big Plan, so why Do not thin the elements down into a handful of tender, as as - 1. bazooka. 2. machine. 3. boom! 50 minutes drive home from the movie has spent the bulk of the flaws and stupid rope-Hitchcockian Torsion, which sadly was the best of all the regrets of experience. And as safe back to Miami Airport ... we have an apparently crazy and violent girl running on an airplane, chasing by cops, who during the hunt down down there to have a coffee, move somewhere else to read a magazine a bar, then run again like crazy up and down the entire terminal ... by now also chased by crazy Cillian Murphy (no CCTV then? - I had gun pulling on to parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at Miami airport a couple of years back). So, instead of talking to the cops - his allies - or getting on the fan in a call-direct box to his father cautioning his life in danger, McAdams prefers instead of flying a Carrier People into a Families at the Airport Airport (call the security dane ...) and home drives of Dad, cut down the killer and the vehicle in front of the house, in a neighborhood-neighborhood, break down porch In the process - an act that is actually a little father's clock from an afternoon rehearsal, after about a minute, yet somehow failed to register with neighbors who did not even spell curious, thus ensuring 15 more minutes of hiding and seek shenanigans as the duo runs around the house type Hollodeck type. .. Dohhh, it actually hurts to keep thinking about it all - Cillian (surely rename "Funny" to make this one?) Preposterously turns out to be funny killer unhinged (and inept) assassin killer in the end Desperate theoretically without the mercy of human life that allows the father to live so that he can watch his daughter getting her pod cooked. I'd better stop, because the drivel stream I write here must sound as interface as the red eye viewer. If Ms McAdams did not allow to get on the plane in the first place the title could be changed, from the 'red eye' to 'No Eyes, Expensive'. RR
