The main reason to see "red eyes" is Rachel McAdams, which delivers a stellar performance, and Jayma Mays, who is wonderful as Hotel Assistant Manager. On the other hand, Cillian Murphy releases so badly that he becomes Cartoonish. The rest of the movie is riddled with plot pits, on which I will devise. <br /> <br /> Please do not read it further if you do not want to know what's going on! is a summary of the plot. Rachel McAdams's character (Lisa) manages a hotel where the new National Security Director plans to stay night. Rachel will return to Miami at a funeral, but she calls her assistant until the plane leaves. In the meantime, someone was stationed outside his father's house, Joe (played by Brian Cox), ready to kill him if Cillian Murphy (Jackson) calls. All Lisa's is the hotel's phone and moves the Director's suite in one place where Jackson's coins are planning to shoot a guided missile (from a fishing boat) to kill the director and his family. So here are some of the plot holes or coincidences aboard: <br /> <br /> 1. Jackson finally convinced Lisa to appeal, and in the middle, the phones of the plane lost their connection. Lisa tries to fake that he's appealing but harsh, a guy across Jackson's is also making a call and starting to hit his phone indicating he's dying. Jackson captures and emits the phone in Lisa. <br /> 2. At one point, head top-lizard Jackson and he, of course, gets knocked out ... but only for 30 minutes. Jackson catches Lisa writing a note on the mirror in (extraordinary large) toilet, and she bangs it around a bit. Miraculously, the only salt that hears anything is a 11-year-old girl, whose words, of course, are discounts. Lisa stabs Jackson with a pen in the throat as the plane lands, steals his cell phone, makes an upset outfit for the exit, fitting down the go between the chairs and 18 riders standing up. Although knowing that a passenger has a feather stuck in his throat, the flight attorneys Lisa obliges not to open the door to the jet-road. OK, all of these are reasonable (if not very easy). But here's where it gets really stupid. Lisa gets into the terminal at Miami Airport, and there is no cell phone signaling (each major airport in America has high cell phone reception). He runs to the airport with Jackson in hot pursuit, and no security officers even delay them. Jackson, who lost Lisa at the Airport while the train from the gates pulled away from the terminal, had lost some of his voice from the pen in his throat, but he could still somewhat understand. However, he does not bother to call his man outside Joe's home. (PS: No train at Miami Airport, but one of them has shown a lot of terrible things like the Airport Airport). Lisa steals a car and climbs away. Of course this time, when it comes to making a call, the cell phone says "low battery" and soon close (when will stop using this unwanted device device?). While the phone still says "low battery," Lisa has reached his assistant just in time to save the Director and his family from the guided missile launched by the fishing boat through the window in the room of the 40th floor which the Director has moved. Of course, they hope we have noticed that the hotel is surrounded by 3 sides by the ocean, so the missile could probably be launched in the first suite, thereby negating the need for all the plots of Lisa-Jackson. What's the story here? Was the original room director on the 38th floor one of the only rooms in the hotel with a weird view? But everyone will come out just before the missiles hit them. <br /> <br /> 10. Lisa drives Joe's house to save his father only to see the killer outside. Although he runs it on (as he shot at it) by crashing his jeep into the house, no one in the neighborhood seems to notice or bother to stop by. Jackson came to Joe's house and knocks him out (we do not see how ... maybe another butt head). He then explains Lisa that he did not kill father again because he wanted Dad to see Lisa die first (Give me a break. What is this Saturday morning cartoon?). For the rest of the movie (about 20 minutes), Jackson chased Lisa around the house, and he really fought him there. Of course a real killer (that one might be played by Jason Statham) would have been doing away with Lisa (or for that matter anyone who is not a trained assassin) in the first 30 seconds. During this course chase, Jackson steps off Joe at least once without bothering to kill him. Finally, Jackson's priority, and it's about to kill Lisa when (you guessed it) was shot by Joe. So here's my suggestion ... says Wes Craven stick to horror. Or maybe he should get along with Michael Bay (who has led the same "stupid style") and makes "Red Island".
