Rajinikanth is born again after receiving a magic power that it can use seven times. There are several issues with this movie that are obvious at the casual audience: The 50ish Rajishikanth is still at home with her parents; Dad's girl next door thinks she's a compelling boy ('vaseekaramaana paiyan'); Rajinikanth suddenly interrupted the film and its sermons, the worst being as the woman had passed the exercises to work at home - yet we must believe that it is not a teist; though he was well, he was wasting six of his seven powers on a stupid left; I can go on, but you get the picture. <br /> <br /> There are God-humans, there are gods, and there are Rajinikanth. The directory has difficulty fitting Rajinikanth in one of these categories. Initially, Rajinikanth is just Rajinikanth doing this Tamil hero doing - standing in front of villains, and, despite being the oldest, getting paid by the beautiful girl in the movie. Rajinikanth does so well with some of the Rajinikanth trademarks styles actually enjoyable - "baby count" is a gift. What makes this movie unbearable is that these few minutes earlier are just a preface to a worst book to be ever written. Even the preface is punctuated with some forceful and obvious comedy. The director does not explain the goal of the hero; We see that the hero faces several hurdles (from politicians, as usual), but we can not really root for the hero because we do not know what the ultimate goal goal is. In the end, when everyone wants him to be the leader, the hero gives another one of his sermons and walk away to become a hermit. The principal does not offer any solution to the problem at the Scene Scene. <br /> <br /> R. Rehman is really interesting. Either she shows the patch of shine or she did not bother investing herself completely in this movie - who can blame her. There is a scene where Rajinikanth steps into the wind in one of the crooks and then throws the knife and begins to count his baba. The music is very just for the moment and acts as a catalyst to add more tension. Their songs are all mediocre, no one would bother and sing from this movie after a few years. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, 1 is the lowest rank you can give in IMDb. This movie has all the elements that justify its legitimate place of the ranking in the ranking of the IMDb.
