There are moments in this unique design of beauty, but overall it is not very good. Limited animation as well as sub standard characters and background design will limit the brand's brand appeal. The character design looks like a cross between the original Star Wars Clone Wars and Disney Possible Kim, (Brendan, the main character in this also bares a padded Ron Stoppable resemblance of possible Kim) background design chains as far and wide as the go They were bland and stylish and sturdy depressions, again by today's standards, in general it is still poor and cheap looking. Many of the origins originate to make Eastern European or Nordic animation from the middle of 80, beautiful in its own way, but for modern childhood audiences, CG slug slug and dog talk are talked to every piece of fur on their swinging bodies In the wind, be sure to disappoint. The story is also not overly engaged and many of the voice actors are not overly impressive, noticeably brendant Brendan Gleeson's appearing to be phoned in his party. There are also a few high characters that come across as a little cliché and stereotypically racist. However, some of the characters are good, the Viking villains, although underused are well done and are especially foreboding in both look and sound. There is a moment involving the main character and his mentor was saved by wolves from a Viking attack that is very nicely put together. The look and feel also was highly inspired by the Watership Down movie including a blatant rip off / homage to the Holy Rabbin in the inlay. Look at clearly and obviously inspired by Gaelic / Celtic / Anglo Saxon art so if you are in the subjects you can draw towards looking at it. The film also has moments of very nicely structured shots that lead the eye in a very artistic way, including a beautiful match cut and a large scale Viking attack that is very moody and impressive. Best of all if it is the music, many of the background music is tune and moving, especially the song by the spirit girl who is really cute and haunting and works very well with the images she covered. If the movie all seemed like poetic like this moment, (and it tries to) then this would be a very nice and poetic movie that would sadly still not reach a wide audience, but instead it's not a shame it does not reach a wider audience because most of it is average and cheap looking and does not stand up to modern anime standards. Overall a film that clearly cleverly views my opinion in many ways, but all together is great, but worth watching for the music and singing and occasional this beautiful or awesome moment. Oh yeah and the cat seemed to live for a long time, not knowing how it was possible.
