Down to the ground / (2001) * (from four) <br /> <br /> Do not Blake French: <br /> <br /> "Down to Earth" is such a misleading and desperate home sitting or on the sofa watching a Chris-Rock-comedy act on television look like the sky. Speaking of the sky, the movie is based on the movie 1978 "Heaven Can Wait." That was a good movie, and that's good-to demonstrate how an aspiring group screenwriters can take decent materials and turn it into garbage. Director Chris and Paul Weitz miss almost every target. From the concept of storytelling, "down to earth" fails miserably; This is one extremely incredible output. Chris Rock is a disgusting comedy actress, both in her role in this movie and in real life. She plays Lance Barton, whose manager, (Frankie Faison) even feels sorry for her when she booed at stage during amateur nights in a local theater. Soon after the script establishes its lack of talent, the character is killed by a speed truck. Death, played by Eugene Levy, made a mistake, taking Lance before his number was up. God's Assistant (Chazz Palminteri) is very angry and decides to let Lance rest his time on Earth, as long as it takes only the body available to a million year old white millionaire. The adult male is Mr. Wellington, whose life has problems in its own way. His wife (Jennifer Coolidge) has an affair with his assistant (Greg Germann), who robbed him of his money. But this is true because Lance, inside Mr. Wellington, fell in love with a young black woman called Sontee (Regina King). Meanwhile, the plots killed Wellington, Lance try to get a better body, and feelings The sunset confuses itself to a situation involving Mr Wellington's financial situation. <br /> <br /> "down the world" have some good ideas, but they are in a love story and unconsciously filled with controversy and recycled materials. The biggest problem it enters is how we see Lance as Mr. Wellington. Chris Rock is the actor and popularity with advertising, so it will not be to be absent in most of this movie; All the characters see the new Lance as Mr. Wellington, but we see him as Chris Rock. This is practical for the love story; We believe a young woman would fall for Lance, but in fact, he is actually an old, gray-haired geezer. This is not so compelling. <br /> <br /> One-joke funny situation is supposed to look at an old man doing funny things that really do not a black man. But what inspired street is when characters run into conflict without knowing them. Just look at "There's Something About Mary." At the stage of the funny characters are exposed to left experiences, and not at their will. Here, Lance knows she's in the old body, and doing things old people would not normally do. If Lance did not know the body it was then that might have had potential. <br /> Another problem with the concept: we never knew Mr. Wellington in the first place, so how can we compare Lance in her body when we do not know what she was like originally. At top of everything off, Chris Rock needs to be the center of attention here and make the character too much like Rock. He recites simple routine jokes that are tedious and painful; Its dialogue is so obvious, wooden and straightforward. I hated the movie's sense of humor. There are many unfunny jokes and terrible funny situations. It's like watching Chris Rock Chris Rock, not a character in a movie. Let's emphasize the positives of "down to earth." Mark Addy does not make any worse here than he did in the "Flintstones of Viva Rock Vegas." Eugene Levy and Chazz Palmentari are thoroughly disposed of, but they are at the mercy of a scalped script. These are all the qualities I can mention at this time, and if you give me another week to reboot, it's not likely that I'll come up with any more.
