Chris Rock deserves better than it gives himself to "down the earth." As Chris Chris & Paul Weitz's director of "American Pie" fame, this uninspired remake of Beatty's fantasy 1978 "The Sky Can Wait," herself a rehash in 1941 in "Here comes Mr. Jordan , "Missing the humorous abrasive humor that won Chris Rock an Emmy for her first HBO special. He predicts, he jokes up the oath from A to Z, but consciously avoids the F-word. Anyone who has seen this African-American comic experience in "Lethal Guns 4," "Dogma," or "Nurse Betty" knows he can elicit more laughs with F-word than Martin Lawrence and Eddie Murphy head together. Unfortunately, despite a few witty one-material, Down To Earth hit Rock under both a comedy comedy and an exciting novel invented. <br /> <br /> "Down on Earth" completely destroyed any good will that Weitz's Fees were producing and landmarks are brit-out figures "American Pie." This disposable drivel qualifies as an optimistic as well as comedy confusion and a well-known color-blind romance interaction. Unfortunately, a more than competent cast among them "Mark Monty" Mark Addy, Chazz Palminteri of "Analyzing This," the "SCTV" Eugene Levy, and New Brian Rhodes as Charles Wellington, Jr. ?? are wasted in flat-foot, preliminary role. Hardcore Rock fans will undoubtedly accuse their favorite comedy and trying to fix something that has never been broken. Abysmally written by Lance Crouther, Ali Le Roi, Louis CK, and Rock, "Down on Earth" projects Chris as a messenger riding a bicycle by day at the Big Apple and gets boomed on stage at night in Apollo Harlem's theater theater. Poor Lance Barton (Chris Rock) suffered from severe steps. But his charitable manager Whitney Daniels (Frankie Faison of "Hannibal") sticks to him in thick and thin. After Lance is learning the Apollo Theater doing a final final night fantasy nightmare, she implores Whitney to get her in the line-up. Excuse me, but if Lance is such a funny stand-up comic, why does Apollo continue to invite her to come back? Meanwhile, fate has something else in store for Lance. While pedaling home on his bike, our protagonist spotted a beautiful lady, Sontee (Regina King of "Jerry Maguire"), crossing the street, but he did not see the bus colliding with him and killing him, . Wham! Lance Barton jacket skyward with a Halo crown around himself. In the sky, similar to a cruise ship nightclub, Lance learns that an overzealous angel, Mr. Keyes (Eugene Levy's "Stay tuned"), timed his death 40 years ahead of schedule. King (Chazz Palminteri's "Analyze This"), God-Hands God God, Exquisite and Escort Launch Back to Earth. Lachen is Lance unable to claim her body, so she must live another body. Better that Mr. Keyes can come up with is ruthless, white, 60-year-old tycoon Charles Wellington. Wellington's admirers of Amber (Jennifer Coolidge of "American Pie") and its unscrupulous Winston personal assistant (Greg Germann in "Sweet November") had just tried to poison him. Reluctance, before Wellington's body disappears, Lance accepts it appropriately as a loan until Keyes can find a most appropriate body. Meanwhile, Lance-as-Wellington meets Sontee again. She is a nurse nurses protesting her decision to privatize a Brooklyn community hospital serving the poor. While Regina King carries a charisma surfer in his role as a kruading health care worker, he plays a character who bypasses credible motivation in his affairs with Wellington. Although it is not black again, Lance not only tries to pink sontee, but also has a gig in the Apollo. <br /> <br /> "Down on Earth" features Rock in its most unfunny role. The purpose of the comedy for making this movie seems doubtful. Reported, he ate lunch with Warren Beatty and told Beatty that he liked the original script that the storyline Elaine Me penned for Beatty. Initially, Beatty tried the race version itself in his own version by trying to dispose Muhammad Ali in the title role in the "Heaven Can Wait." The deal falls, and Beatty outlined the film itself. According to Rock, his longtime co-writer and he thought they could 'kill' this classic. In addition, he justifies his choice of "heaven to wait" based on his philosophy "to do something you can only do when you're warm." Earlier, Rock had rejected a script on a bus from farming rappers, because he saw little opportunity to stretch his image into such an outing. As a dead comedy in "Down on Earth," Rock does not spur its image as it advocates it for the worst! This half-cooked concert movie with an annoying plot does much of her comic cream reputation as she's the Weitz Brothers! You know a movie about a comedy is in foolish piping when a scene in the nightclub is played so you can not hear the jokes, only laugh. Similarly, filed in Mark Addy as Butler Wellington's English-speaking queen, but in fact a commoner from Michigan challenged logic, too. Addy is a current British, and he does not have an accent; Its emphasis is genuine. The biggest "Down to Earth" rating is over-yet-off-again, look-a-like switcheroo that the characters make Chris Rock not completely disappear from the eye for more than a few seconds. Although Chris spends half of the film as Wellington white guy, his audience broadly views Lance, the comic genus Pork in watching his Stocky, bald-headed, white-white, changing-months making ghetto humor and chanting derogatory hip-hop lyrics. Incredibly, Rock has served double-duty as the executive producer of the movie and one of his four scribes. The mystery is how such a treasure of talent could be chewed out like an awkward, moving movement in a comedy. Regarding the only redeeming feature of "down to earth", Jamshied Sharifi's superb film is excellent.
