I think the "Best of Times" was a cause of losing out of going. The first installment (gay drop pass earned against a rival high school team, can never seem to get on it and then try to meet the two teams to play again) is one of the dumbest I've ever heard. Since Ron Shelton went on to write my best movie film asking if there was more then that. I hope this film has not been lit and Shelton launches the story as I wrote above. <br /> So we have the site. Going there you would think, or hope, that there might be a few twists on the way to keep things alive. No such luck. This script follows every predictable credit you can think of. There is not a moment in this movie you will not see coming a mile away before the movie reveals it and ends ... well if you can not figure out the finish at the end of the first coil then you haven do not pay Watch out or see any other sports movie in your life. <br /> <br /> Robin Williams and Kurt Russell stars (and do) in their drive. Williams is the poor scheme who has fallen over the great pass and Russell is the one who has cast the decisive pass. Gee, do you think Russell will cost just one more time to see if she and Williams can right a wrong that the city will never forget? This is like a comic duck comedy with a lumpy duck clone that someone can only shake their heads wondering what might have been. Make sure you have a few chuckles and, to be honest, have a really funny comic scene. Williams and Russell have marital problems with their wife inviting them for dinner to solve these things. Neither guys realized they were invited more than one monday, and yes, Monday night football is over. Keep in mind that the two teams play have a single combined victory, the guys (Williams especially) try to resist the temptation to find out how the game is going. The scene melts in some hilarious bits as Williams goes to check the note using a toilet tour as a hinged. When he returns he coughs for Russell. Later as Russell is starting to move around his wife Williams Williams wheel in their lives from another room. It is an inspiring and humorous scene in a mostly unpopular and stupid movie.
