Checking blank is one of those movies that could be a great suspense for children, but instead it is a person who wounds home alone ripoff that is not worth a cent. Quigley is a criminal who just escaped from prison and gets hidden his million dollars at a great score and then we meet Preston a frustrated kid whose room takes on not his brother to start a business and obviously dad treat his brother better because of making money the same day he goes to a kid's birthday party and since his father is a cheapo it goes on little kids rides while the other kids go on roller coasters That's a birthday card with a check of 11 bucks how cheap is this family? So, going to the bank to open an account and satisfy Stanley's gorgeous Shea were his parents fond of? he found out he needed 200 to open an account meanwhile Quigley gave his million to his banker friend and found out the bill being labeled for sending a juvenile juice named the ones unmarked when Preston left his bike gets running over by quigley it's about writing a check when he stops the cops and squeezes back home his parents scolded him on his busted bike and sits on what? The kid was almost running over and they worried about a bicycle? So Preston forced a US dollar check across his computer and came back only to be accompanied by the banker thinking it's juice to give Preston the money, but the real juice came and realized they were being scamed by a young little goat! So, Preston acquires a castle under the name Macintosh to become a Limo driver who says unfunny jokes and goes on a trading season Spree then she stops Shea and talks about opening your own kid up and packing and talking about opening an account? We soon realized shea is actually an agent FBI tracking down quigley and his two other accomplices then he told his cheap dad he had a working job for Mr Macintosh and spent the day boarding up kart jweng vr game and hanging out with his driver's limo frame then goes out on a date with shea at a fancy restaurant what is a 10-year-old and eating a 20 something FBI agent? Then she took her to a street geyser and played in the water to mess up the Shea's Sheep's Doll again and took it well if this was a bit realistic she would calm her for messing up her expensive clothes so Quigley and others are still angry to unlock a kid and quickly shed their weight and Preston is being chased by Quigley in a scene taken from the original script and after his word is hosting Mr Macintoshs birthdays really her birthday when she discovered she was not able to pay for the party she sat in her chair and dad talking to MacIntosh who she does not know she's her son she's talking to and talks about Preston should be a real kid and has her entire whole frontier and wants Preston to go home early this? An hour ago you had to roast her on her finances! So Preston asks everyone to leave and sit down meditating when quigley and others are breaking down the house to make Preston pay and so it's then facing a final that rattle at home alone Quigley gets sharpened around in a ball while Preston drives a jart kart to getting hit in the wool and more antique inset until the trio gets Preston trapped and when she looks hopelessly lost Shea and a bunch of SWAT guys come to save the day, so quigley and his crew get sent to jail, but with no hope for Preston and Shea? have and kiss her in the mouth what? What? What? A woman grows a kid in her mouth. coming on it is mentally disabled? I mean an FBI agent who knows the country's laws would risk his career to kiss a kid? he could get arrested on the spot! and the most creepyest part of all is that it is not good-hearted and will see it in 6 or 7 years! Oh my dear and so it comes home to her family celebrating her birthday for the moral of the story is love and respect can be bought? What are they smoking? The bottom line is that a waste of moral times is whacked in flat as a kid's tortil is annoying bandits are the lame comic rescue is not funny brothers are the unjustifiable father is even becoming The romantic instinct is to climb the deep drawing and the only favorable saving is the cinematography from Pope's bill that has gone to shoot trilogy of the uterus and two of the spider-man films for not wasting your money and going to look home alone rather. <br /> <br /> This was a review by Samuel Franco.
