Two years ago, the Berlin Film Festival looked at Amos Kollek's film "Sue" at the Panorama program, with a beautiful Anna Thomson at the leading party. It's a film about loneliness and sex, and how is the one rewarded by the other. In the same section at the Festival now we have complained the useless controversy of Sue, "Extension of the Domain of the Fight," which now tries to convince us that loneliness and NO sex are one and the same problem. But unfortunately we can not sympathize with our "hero" (as it is called by the Teller-story), because it is unnecessary and incomprehensible to tired of company and itself. Self-esteem, I'm sorry. I can not understand it. Not enough, the writer / director / actor wants us to admit him, that he does not destroy his self-awareness or the passivity of his personality, what led him so far, but the rotten society and his image in sexuality. Yes, there are some things that are deeply about sexual relations, but we will not follow it so far ... And the point is, that there are any any signs of reflection on its own portion of the fate, with no sex . Who did not notice again, it's a well depressed movie ... <br /> In the beginning, there was some more accurate start to drawing the situation. In the store bed "The Hero" talk about hindrances to buy a new bed. Maybe it's too big to go up the stairs, you have to stay in half a day home ... this is a satire on a character, who does not know to take life with the heart, doing something ... the movie does not By following this path, but to handle his character and helplessness. Nobody believes, that "our hero" is able to instruct Tisserand for a murder. Too sweet, too kind, too - passive (not to mention the Tisserand complex, it has an inhibition, but it could not, of course, a bandit in women!). To conclude: There are women and the world, it's not a modern-day social device. Help you as you can, but do not follow the messages and "wisdom" of this movie, announcing bankruptcy in human relationships, without seizing the real conflicts.
