There were many movies featuring Bigfoot, the majority of which are not good, but most at least have a jumping charm on them. Sasquatch Hunters does not even have what to do for it. It's just a collision. Sasquatch Hunters is on a group of paleontologists, primatologists, and forest guards who venture off into a remote part of a Northwest Pacific Pacific. The bones that are part of some of the abnormal great primal have been discovered in this region and since the brands are not natural in North America are beginning and this leads to a scientific expedition. Be sure to soon discover a full burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these enormous sacred-love. I think we all know what happens to people who are disturbing ancient burial grounds in these films. The first half of the film consists of refreshing, interchangeable characters gather their gear, hiking in the woods, standing for rest, trekking in the woods a few more, positive long enough to investigate and discuss Some outcomes on the road, yet more trekking in the woods, looking for a group member who had disappeared, even more trekking in the woods, dug into dust, randomly thoried, and picked up around a campfire to discuss that little they did that day. When Sasquatch finally shows it just turn into those barriers around in the darkness while being selected in one at a time (performing in a stick and failing it to fashion and kill the current off-camera camera). All of this is excruciatingly boring. The movie wants to take seriously and the director is clearly trying to build suspension but no can get, so we stay with dull, draw out the scenes of those who wander around the woods just to get a where and wander around the woods at night trying to act awesome. I should lie if I said I did not make the liberal use of the fast forward button to speed up these scenes. <br /> As for Sasquatch himself, much like all other characters in the movie, he does not have much to do and miss a distinct personality. It looks like a shaggier version of King Kong, which is not all wrong except in the scenes where CGI was used instead of a man in a Bigfoot costume, which is strongly evident during the daytime monster scene. Part of me can not help but feel that even using computer effects brings Bigfoot into life is a sacred criticism. If there is a single movie monster that I believe should only bring to life in situations, it's Bigfoot. This is one of those movies that are not so much a sketch as it does a site. That's all it really is, a quote, who was involved stretching to make a motion picture length feature without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a refreshing movie.
