Believe me, I wanted to love "Spirit". The idiomatic commentaries made at the time of its release on how quaint he saw old-fashioned, hand-drawn animation again, as if the latest cartoon animated cartoon was released twenty years ago, and the comments are even more idiocy about how computers did now the old obsolete techniques, my blood was up ... but then insulted, flavorless banal I had endured in the first ten minutes at "The Spirit" received my blood even more. <br /> The drawing of the generic characters, the animation (partly as a result) is simply competent, the art direction as a whole so completely, boringly subtle that you wonder how it could have come on (we know, in the "Prince of Egypt" and "The El-Dorado Road", which has talented artists in Dreamworks), and the sophisticated use of CGI is in every single ill-judged example. (Why are they bothered?) There is not one thing worth looking at. In an animated cartoon, this is fatal. <br /> But it gets worse ... <br /> <br /> The horses can not speak, but they're far more anthropomorphised and compelling than the deer of "bamboo", which can be. And it seems that, in a way, horses can talk. Her spirits delivered the prologue (sounding for the whole world as a 21st-century actor was chosen from a mall in California), and then on his wear-off, unshakable dismissal is just absent The band, although it never once tells us anything that we have not already known, or expresses a feeling of art work, poor if it is, could not express twice as well. That prologue, by the way: (a) have the spirit of information, we later discovered, knew the way to know; (b) Expressing ideas that the Spirit would lack power expressed even though he could speak; (c) includes new age garbage such as, "this story can not be true, but that's what I remember"; and (d) will give countless children (pitched production, I suppose, at six-year-olds) the impression that the horses are native to North America, which is sort of true, in which the common ancestor of domestic horses, grasses etc. were native to North America - but all the species on the continent had disappeared long before the first people arrived, and the Mustangs in the spirit of the Spirit (which allegedly "belonged here as buffalo grass") was descended from horses introduced by Europeans so the prologue rather annoyed me. As often as Spirit talk, Bryan Adams sings, sounded as usual as if he had a bad throat infection - and he was not singing or just as he sang, it's what he song: Maudlin narrative ballads that contribute even less, if possible, than the narrative of spiritual talk, and that sounds as if they all have exactly the same melody (although I was paying attention could discover that they probably did not). If only Bryan Adams and the guy-pretend-to-be-a-horse might have SHUT UP for a minute or two, the film might be allowed to take its true form: mediocre and derivative, rather than jaw- droppingly bad.
