For anyone who loves movies predictable with a terrible soundtrack, lack of dialogue, clicking the wazoo, and also the stereotypes that just happens to be typical of an American movie, look no further. DreamWorks whether wanted to save money on acquiring voice talent, or really wanted to create an animated episode of National Geographic; either way, they succeed in delivering a rather bland and boring film. Spirit: The Cimarron Stallion is a farm firm that sends mixed signals to children and adults, and also fails to entertain despite the oh-so-cutesy theme of animal triumph over humans. After looking past the wonderful animations, what you have to stay is nothing but a great mess. <br /> <br /> Spirit is on a stallion that at the beginning of the movie looks quite a handful, as it is a horse that can not be appreciated, calm, or controlled. Therefore, he got up and became leader of his high-spirited group, including his mother. But his life in freedom and running around comes to an abrupt stand as it is captured by an American group in the process of connecting the Wild West and the rest of the country. Meanwhile, Spirit (never actually called that of the entire movie almost) befriends a vibrant native American, with a fellow girl horse, and also has a lot of run-ins and as cynical and cruel lines which apparently does not believe in giving up. <br /> Why should animation and computer animation animation films? It comes looking rather meshed, something Spirited Away suffers from as well. The best example is when a train is being pursued by the mind; You see the hand-drawn spirit running out of a computer-animated train. It would look better if it was one or the other, but not both; unless you can really pull off some nice effects. The beauty and sequence of the famous animal dance uses computer animation, but it is nowhere near as obvious as the train or the snow in this movie. The opening sequence was the best-looking part of the movie, sadness to see the rest of the film slip somewhat down in terms of quality. A little scene has several; I mean several shots seem just a general, well repetitive and annoying figure in my opinion. <br /> <br /> Children can enjoy this flick, but with lack of dialogue, singing, and motivation, it might be a perfect technique in making kids jumping to sleep. While Disney gets criticized for its anime musical, winds are becoming more fun than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this one. Bryan Adams has no place in this movie, and why Hans Zimmer stays away from using a Western theme in this movie, when it's a story taking place in the Old West? Soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me. At least they use the realistic noise of horses, two points for that. But if you are going to avoid making pale horses, why even have a interruption interrupted every so often, just what's going to be the main character itself? <br /> <br /> Indian Native Americans, and the West As these are evil, Alaska-killing, tortured horses, hoolans, psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. More or less, this is the spirit that shows us. It reaches a point in which they are trying so hard for viewers to hate the travelers in the Wild West; They even had a scene of several horses pulling a big train up a hill, and another scene to destroy a village of all natives. Now the spirit of man befriended has betrayed him, over more than one occasion, yet which is forgiven, apparently because he is not a soldier; that or because it has the sassy girl horse. <br /> <br /> Spirit is not exactly a victim we should feel sorry for; The viewer is supposed to be sympathized with the Spirit even though he puts all his group of groups at risk, wreaking havoc, and even perhaps causing some non-screen deaths that quickly push aside because oh no, the spirit is in trouble! This movie becomes quite rhythmic, as we see in many cases the spirit of escape from chains, kicking people around, destroying property, horse free, and then capturing again --- all in the same order as well. Writers also seem to have an obsession with cliffs because they are pouring over the movie; For an old movie West, they certainly have many small rooms roaming. <br /> <br /> Under Line: This is most certainly not Disney movie, as a matter of fact that is a bad thing, even though it was what they were aiming for. So, instead of the typical music, we get a boring film that gets predictable, dull and slow in several cases. Even the decent animation becomes consistent when the computer works throw in. Everything about this movie was just wrong; From the ideals that back then Americans who were not native were evil buffoons, in the band and music notes that just seemed too far. Kill Bill Vol. 2, which is pretty much nothing to do with the Old West, there is more to a Western feel than this movie. Are you a totally favored and totally skipping this all means unnecessary. Thanks.
