It is nice to see the love of Oliver Stone, Brian DePalma, Al Pacino, and even Michelle Pfiefer to make one piece of monument in Cinemas. It's good to see people so rich and 'successful' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable, trite, and pathetic pieces of make-movie of all time. This movie represents the worst in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> What is it? Is it based on a true story? Well, they start with some basic bite news and reality that they cut USA today. But then the movie part of some fantasy world with a 'Cuban' refugee will do it in the subculture of the American drug; types like Rocky on cocaine. Is it a movie about Cuba or Cubans? For my life I do not think there is only one Cuban in this film. The accents are totally false, and the scene with Antonio's mother looks like a poster for the midwest American values. The scene all looks something out of Dick Van Dyke's show. Is this movie about Miami? It looks more like L.A. transplanted in Florida. And a palm tree is a palm tree. Is it a novel romance. The relationship between Pacino and Pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there is not one little bit of the possibility that these two characters can never care for each other. Is it a drug movie? Well, there is no problem in mania or addiction even mentioned. The behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than having a drink of water. Admittedly, the act is terrible. <br /> <br /> Let's get to the rest. The music is disgusting with sounds like Latin elevator music or something from a Welk Lawrence show. I think I hear a polka? The camera work is soft and too much movement and far more cranes than would ever be effective. Clearly, the photographic budget was too much. The sound is bleached in a number of spots, and the dialogue seems to be carried out in a warehouse. Writing this is terrible. This is one of the movies that the script has written to itself. You drag out of a trite piece of dialogue in the next, each pushing the plot like a bag of bricks. So I'll ask, Is this even a movie? It could be a series of dramas patched together for two and a half hours. But at least a series of dramas have some kind of focus. Maybe it's just a bunch of wrong acting sticks together. Whatever it is, film or not, it's a piece of crap.
