This joins spoilers. <br /> I've rarely seen a movie that is as incredible as this one is. When being French, she tries for depth by being enigmatic ?? Nothing really makes any sense. <br /> <br /> Léo is gay and just announced at breakfast in her family that she is HIV positive. The younger brother, Marcel, has not yet come down to breakfast, and the first thing the family does is to decide that in 12 years of age it is too young to be said. Perhaps if it was four or five, but twelve? The first thing that's totally incredible is that the family does not even ask where or how did he get the virus, how long did he know about it ?? There is nothing to ask. They only worry about Marcel to get out. This is a very close ?? knit family homeowners, but although they decided not to let Marcel know about LEO's HIV positive status or the reality of being gay, the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no question or reaction. How many families do you know where parent / sibling would have at least SUMMARY REFERENCE to one of the members who announce that it is gay? Here, there is nothing. Léo decides that she needs to go to Paris to see her former lover. And he decided to go on the trip and, to all, Marcel. Do you know anyone who would bring his younger brother to go to a guy? Again, totally incredible, especially since Marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problems nor of his homosexuality. If this is the way the family decides to let it get out, it is rather brutal and yet incredible. <br /> <br /> Léo goes to his girlfriend, Aymeric, to work in a Paris bar. The owner says Aymeric will not be there until the early evening. But why would he want to see her at work? Why not phone and arrange to see it in a more private place where they can really talk? Why not go and see him at home? But no, Léo shows later in the day (with Marcel in tow) and surprised when Aymeric does not just drop everything going with him for 5 minutes. Aymeric told him that he was no longer available, that he had left him, and that Leo did not answer any of his letters. Leo says "But I love you" and then wanders. But if she really likes Aymeric, she would not have at least told her about her HIV status, warns her to test and maybe get medication? This would be the smallest it could be ?? but not a peep. He leaves and does not even warn Aymeric that he might contract AIDS virus. This is totally irresponsible to him ?? and in the movie-makers; This movie was apparently made for a French TV series for young people ?? It is the perfect way to show children how to be responsible. Well, not here ?? I guess "Every person for himself" is still the French way of doing things ?? Another aspect of the film was totally incredible was the "touch-feely" aspect. Everyone always leaned against someone, caressing someone or kissing someone. Inside the family and outside the family. I never saw anyone in France be this physical, never mind a whole family. Sitting at the breakfast table, a 17-year-old brother has his legs pecked on the leg of his older brother, and the older brother caresses his legs as everyone sits around to discuss something. How many fees do you know who is physically closed? In another scenario, the same 17-year-old comes in Marcel's room asking, "What's the problem, can not you sleep?", Then take off his clothes and, completely naked, get into bed with his brother and snuggles up to him as being lovers. This and another similar scene between Léo and Marcel gave a bit of inflected feel of the movie. Sorry, yet I do not think this is regular behavior between young brothers. <br /> <br /> The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the actors are all fine ?? especially Marcel in the main role. But was not it really enough? HIV and AIDS are far too mild to be present in such a vague and irresponsible light. At the end of the movie, the family went to the buried tomb of Léo, but once again, Marcel was left out of it ?? He left in the care of a cousin (I think). But she sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar. Is that what a pre-knit family would do? It is totally unconcerned that they should not include him in his brother's funeral. It was the last stage of the movie, and it was the last straw for this viewer.
