The last boom in show shows on US television screens has reached a fever pitch since the first episode of the "Bachelor." The unsuspecting hearings have been subjected to countless clones and variations, including the "Bachelorette", "Joe Millionaire", "For Love or Money," and "The Marriage by America." Hoping to cash in this trend, and simultaneously typing and exploiting a new demographic, Bravo declared the disastrous "boy boy" on the world. And they can have mercy on us all. <br /> <br /> The situation is simple and designed to be light-hearted: a gay man who qualifies crowned by a number of pretenders, eliminating shows by displaying until one leaves, but having a twist. Half of the guys are actually right. This is not much of a great deal, but the viciousness inherent in the scenario kicks off after hearing the payback: if, at the end of the show, this gay man chooses a right man in disguise, the right man wins a money cash prize. The gay man gets nothing, or at least nothing more than a few separate gifts, a pat on the back, and a hearty heart of "Do not you embarrass? Well, thanks for playing!" Just as equally painful "The Queer Eye for the Right Guy" (another Bravo program), this show is another example of stereotyping running amok. What makes it even worse, though, is the fact that the right people are playing UP stereotypes for cash. The producers of this show believe that all you have to do is wear enough hair in someone's hair, dressing in Abercrombie & Fitch with a pair of designer footwear sandals, strips it in body hair and fat and voila! It is the gay equivalent of wearing a white scene in blackface, and just as offensive to those of us - like myself - who is really gay and does not dress / act like that. It implies that gays have no variance or chance of individually, that they can not behave like real people, just like stereotypes. Never forget the fact that the bank of pretenders is sorely lacking in any kind of diversity. Everything is gym-tone, most are white, and all look far too scrub and clean. This is another example of how, instead of promoting the acceptance of gays as dynamic people that can be variance and change, Hollywood has again taken a stereotype and runs with it all the way to the bank. I really like to watch this show, as shows any gay man who sees this unparalleled parade of soft-core pornographic masks such as legitimate TVs. 1 out of 10.
