I looked at my home when I was younger and I could not understand why I did. I do not remember to really enjoy the show. I think I and the majority of Americans watching this was hypnotized by its cruelty. It will put you in a state of vision and have no return. I'm always scarred but I try to move on. I know it's a family show but that does not mean it has to be SO bad. The show is SO cliché and every episode ends with a "talk" from the father to make everyone's problem go away. The characters on the show are all aching. There is one to know it all, cleaning obsessed, corny dad who you want to punch in the face whenever it comes on screen. We then have a supposed "roker" uncle who is just having to look beautiful for the mothers who have to watch this crap. We have another unfunny uncle that makes inspiration Bullwinkle impressions (I need to say more about it). There are older daughters who can not act and are always blaming something. Then a middle daughter always says, "HOW RUDE!" in all the wonderful things everyone says. Finally, there is Michelle, the youngest daughter. Not to get me started on Michelle playing but the terrible actors known as the Olsen Twins. If you believe in Christianity I guess you would associate with the Antichrist. It is always asking things, trying too hard to be "beautiful", is always saying "DUH!" and roll his eyes that you want to smack him. I'm not a big fan of using a lot of physical abuse as punishment for the children. But in her case, I would make an acceptance. He needed it on a daily basis. It is the most selfish character of all time to be featured on mainstream TVs. An example is this when his uncle is busy doing his job in the attic. The brat decided to constantly annoy him and ask attention. She wept and became mad. POOR BABY! The rest of the episode is catering to her emotional needs and the uncle eventually apologize her. UGGHH! The show will lower your IQ together and slowly destroy your will to live. I'm surprised that we have not heard of the news about the full house played in the background when police found those who committed suicide. Make yourself a favor and do not watch reruns at the show. You will thank me later.
