What is the most upright movie ever made? The gynecological nightmare of 'Crying and Whispers'? Cystic acid in Fassbinder? Discomfiting black comedy in 'Last House on the Left? I am sure for the movie-like publicity portion that binds the masses of Keith's fine boat, there is only one answer - any one of his sound films. <br /> I do not know what flayed my soul is more impressive in this film - the basis of intricate and artistic artist Keaton's artistic slapstick; Worry hesitation in this master's filmmaker and dialogue - not that he does not have a nice, funny voice, or that he can not make funny dialogues; It's just that the studio does not seem to have given him enough to take, and so it seems trying to remember his line before he delivers, which only makes him - Keaton, by his character, look amazing; or is it the humiliation of seeing Keaton caught in a tawdry sex farce, when he gives us some of the richest accounts of romantic frustration in films? <br /> No, I know that was most disturbing - have to watch Buster Keaton, the biggest comedy movie theater, sitting on where to observe Jimmy Durante doing his schtick. It is horror like this to find Yer Dantes composer yer Infernos. <br /> <br /> MGM seems to have had the curious idea that the best way to adapt Keaton sound was to turn it into a Marx fee, filled with verbal verbal, elaborate, tedious 'clowning', slabstick shambolic, setting theater, triumph of chaos, and Thelma Todd. Keaton was just not that sort of funny, and where Groucho's bad language and gleeful opportunism could just have done this trace, the socially inept teacher Buster can not, it is too studied and predictable. <br /> What Buster needs has to be allowed to experience such as 'My,' or Rene Clair; he would never have tried to hold back the tide like Chaplin. When a movie like the 'General' is always - ruthless about and train - the loss becomes even more noticeable. <br /> <br /> And the thing is, in the plate amid the flat direction, the movie is not all that bad - there is an excellent bend when a camera on the bus leaves Keaton alone in a train station; and the denial, if hardly original, is at least livelier than it was before. There is something almost endearing on the way Keaton slows a scheme that needs all the code it can get. <br /> There is a movie here on loneliness, emotional paralyzing order, hearty advances in education etc., difficulties to get out. The best way to appreciate this film is to look at the narrative of the TZ Post Post, but the Jasan buster Keaton flip, trapped in a mediocre prison, confused by new technology, faced with a malicious fate (in this case the studio) hold a stoic favor. Looks like this, it becomes a kind of masterpiece.
