For a Keaton Buster fan, your heart is broken on a regular basis. Most of us first meet Keaton in one of the brilliant feature films from his great period of independent production: 'The General', 'The Navigator', 'Sherlock Jnr'. We recognize it as the greatest figure in the whole story of film comedy, and we want to see more of his movies. I heartbreak begins. After 'JNR Bill Steamboat', Keaton's brother-in-law Joseph Schenck pressed him to sign a deal that puts Keaton under the control of MGM. Keaton became just one more actor to hire, making someone else's scripts. Then his alcoholism gets worse. After 'Steamat Bill Jnr', Keaton never made a really first-rate movie. A couple of sources described a comedy that would be chief of Keaton claiming * almost * arrived at MGM: a parody of 'Grand Hotel'. Biographer Tom Dardis offered convincing evidence that Keaton made this story. <br /> <br /> This heart is increased because, among the many years of Keaton's decline in fixed times, it's just occasionally came up with a good movie ... such as his short acting Grand Slam Opera ' . I continue to search for the lost footage of Keaton's dramatic scene and Spencer Tracy in 'It's a Mad mad madness': a sequence of brutal cop Tracy's phone's old retiree robbers (Keaton) and try to recruit his assistance from stealing Grogan Smiler's Cash. This foot is almost certainly gone forever, but I keep looking. <br /> <br /> 'Easy Speaking', Ayas, is one of Keaton's films since the beginning of her decline. MGM tried to build Jimmy Durante (who, haphazard, played Smiler Grogan three decades later) as a new comedy star. Unfortunately, MGM tried to build Durante by his associate with Keaton, whose style of comedy was merely incompatible with the Durante. (I'm a fan of both.) Throughout his career, Durante was a sister-initiated soldier: Praise, she knew she was building up at Keaton's expenses, and Keaton was the only co-star who was Durante never try to scene. Keaton has often been thrown as a victim of very wicked machinations. In 'Easy Speaking', she plays a pedagogical college and humorous Midwestern post named Post (because it is as a wooden one) who received a letter saying he inherited $ 750,000, which he must travel to New York City for advertise. Does it make a 'phone call to verify this? Does he even check the quotation? No; he takes his life savings from the bank and rushes to New York. As soon as he was gone, the Post Office recognized that he wrote the letter (fake) to jostle Post Post from Rut it! Post, who thinks it's a 3/4-millionaire, crosses paths with Jimmy Dodge (Durante), who's trying to produce a music revue but there is no money. The characters are those comedy of brilliantly playing screens simply interrupted intermediaries. Keaton is playing one of these eggheads (like the Mister logic of 'Viz') that is intellectual everything. Durante plays one of those who are herpes who is unable to make any simple statements because the script requires that it always speak in jargon. There is a difficult-to-peach dialogue in which Durante tries to talk to Keaton on money, but - instead of coming straight out with it - Durante has to use term terms slower terms such as 'heat', 'cartwheels' and so on ... while Keaton of course has no idea what Durant about about. I'll give Keaton credit: his own own voice and dust, his flat accent Kansas, is absolutely perfect for the character he plays here. Sidney Tolter, looking very lean and more beautiful here than it should be just a year later, is impressive as the exciting director of the bankrolled review (tick) by Post Post. Henry Armetta, whom I never found funny, is even less funny than usual here, offering a gag running with a stupid rule. Thelma Todd impressed me here, in a more version version of the role he played in 'Horses' Feather (a very funnier movie). Edward Brophy, one of my favorite character actors, is wasted. <br /> <br /> A part of the problem with 'Easy Talk' is that characters support behaviors in completely inappropriate ways. Keaton's lawyer shows up to Durante's theater with an urgent message for Keaton ... but it's not there, so the lawyer continues to disclose Keaton's personal business to the first foreign person he meets. (Attorney Fire, Buster!) In another stage, Post Post - the guy who was perceived as bankrolling this music - inaccuracies in changing rooms to the chorus girls, and all the choral girls immediately squeal and cover themselves. I know for a fact that * modern chorus girls would never react this way, and I'm seriously worried that choral girls in 1932 behaved so way ... either in response to the 'angel' controls the pursuit shows. > <br /> SPOILERS COMING. Approximately half an hour in the unfunny 'Easy Talk', Jimmy Durante's great place in the piano, grins in the camera, and doing different things shake her head as she starts playing a tune. This is the moment when I thought that, in recent times, this film was finally going to settle down for the purpose of our fun. Alas, no. Most harassed at all is the completion of this movie, which uses the most hacked and implausible cliché of all comedies: the one in which an absolutely incomprehensible sum is becoming a star comedy in his own incompetence. (Keaton should be forced to replay this clique in a 1955 episode of 'Screen Directors Playhouse'; Chaplin has already used it to the 'circus'.) <br /> I'm almost crying - in anger and sorrow - in the opportunities Wasted in 'Easy Speaking'. Mainly out of respect for the work that Keaton, Durante, Toler, Brophy and Miss Todd have done elsewhere, I will rate this movie 2 points out of 10. <br />
