For most viewers out there, they probably have no idea that Keaton Buster was. So, because of this, they probably will not feel almost as sad when watching this movie as I did. I came to be a freak comedy freak - having seen just about every movie Keaton still in existence. I was a great fan of this movie very painful from beginning to end. This is because during his silence days, Keaton was a very vibrant and creative comedy. He was amazing in his physicality and his films were almost never dull. However, in a movie war memorial film constantly unfounded by the end of the era, Keaton abandoned her independence and became a stock MGM actor. Instead of being a great creative force, MGM now sees Keaton only as an actor - and wrote scripts for him who had no respect for what made him great. At first, these films and MGM were not that bad (like the CAMERAMAN) but with talkies, the studio really blew it - put it in several films and Jimmy Durante. The Durante's humor was based on his gifts for low and was abrasive. Keaton, in contrast, was quiet and based on action. Two more unlike incompatible actors would be difficult to find. As a result of this deadly combination, Keaton made some really obnoxious movies. Now this is not to say that SPEAK EASILY is a terrible movie. No, rather it's just more of a time-quenching with an amazingly unfunny one in that. In fact, if you go to the movie to accept it is a comedy, it will probably make the film harder to enjoy. Instead, it's sort of like a drama and a few comedy elements. Not a movie that will produce street laughter - especially for Keaton fans. The movie begins in an odd environment. Keaton cast as a college-taught tutor. He knows nothing of the world and has his nose stuck in his book. In a bizarre move, Keaton's servant tricks him in believing Keaton has received $ 750,000 from a deadly-hope that this will spur Keaton to get out and enjoy life. This is amazingly understood but somehow managed to work. Not very loud, but it works. Keaton immediately left the school and went on a trip to New York for some fun. On the way, he met up with an incredibly untalented theater troop. Because he knows nothing of the world, he does not seem to realize they are stinking. And, because he thinks it is rich, Keaton decides to take them all to New York to do on Broadway. However, just before the show opens, his friends know Keaton is not rich. So they decided not to tell Keaton and try to keep it away from process servers that want to close the show. They assume that if the show is a hit, then they can repay their debts and everyone will be happy. However, they forget that the show itself feels. What to Do And, Keaton will find the beautiful girl, get roped by a gold digger (Thelma Todd) or to be flat broken and alone? If you care, see the movie. As for Keaton, it has some waterfalls in the movie, though some people dandy near the end. Instead, Keaton just kind of market in the party in a very mild manner. There's really little love about this movie or hate. It's just blah .... when it should be a heck of a lot better.
