I saw this movie this weekend and while I was impressed with the beauty and polish of the film produced, I'm disappointed that this one falls so short, it does not inform the members and let investigators and many unanswered questions. > <br /> The movie is 70 minutes in vignettes of Joseph Smith's life. It's not a true biopsy because there's no real coherent meeting. Most of the episodes involving Joseph perform good works, play baseball, running race and laugh with kids, often in sloooow motion. What a great, just folks kind guy that Joseph was, huh? Watch her out having to beat rugs for his wife Emma. Well, howzbout the rugs in his 33 plural plumage ?? Not to mention all that occurs in polygamy. A blatant omission. <br /> And it is in the omissions where the movie falters. He provides too little information and leaves critical criticism of the hearings asking for WHY is Joseph tearing off pens, WHILE he is thrown into prison and why the mob wants to kill him? The highest point of the film is in the course of Joseph and Hyrum in Carthage Prison (riding past a UN veritable figure from Nauvoo's threshold). But there is no mention ever made about why. There is nothing about Smith suppressing the newspaper Nauvoo Expositor and ordering his press to destroy his reveal in secret in poligami. The hearing is left open or asserted by the persistent persecution of the Church. There is no mention of Joseph being charged with treason for declaring martial law and naming the Nauvoo. <br /> Of course I certainly did not expect this movie that produced Joseph presented in recent contemporary Richard Bushman's biography of Stone Stone Rolling, but I was amazed and taken aback in just how little of substance was actually present. <br /> <br /> And worse, what substance was presented was often incorrect. One example jumps out of me. First, the translation of the Book of Mormon. The movie shows Joseph reading right on the golden plate of the two-ring binder, which patches in fact have been hidden away from the site. It is well-known that Joseph had translated him by burying his face in his hat, peering into the Prophet's stone. The second incubation arrives in Carthage Prison, where the mob storms the mob. The history of the Church reported that Joseph had a six-shooter and even shot on a few rounds before jumping out the window and giving the Masonic signal in distress (as reported in Times & Season). which shows the gunfight's gun fact would have crushed heart-tugging atmosphere the filmmakers created, but not omitting it had left behind stories and failed to show Joseph as he really was: handy with a gun and able to defend himself . In fact, the impression of the film is that Joseph was a nice guy, but also something in a milquetoast that everyone beckoned up, imprisoned and eventually murdered in cold blood. He was far away; Joseph was a disciplined and determined man who endured a lot of struggles and struggles to bring to fruition in which he believed. <br /> <br /> Look at the movie, but know going to this cotton candy. Then get your meat and potatoes by reading a bushman's biography at Smith, Rough Stone Rolling <br /> <br /> PS: Church-produced films have no credit, but seasoned eyes can pick out a make face familiar couples. Rick Macy is excellent as Joseph Smith, Sr. and Bruce Newbold, beloved as Thomas in Gaining Faith in Christ, here playing the Methodist minister who lacked showing Christian love for a young person seeking truth.
