First of all my heart traders gave anyone who bought a movie ticket in the hope of seeing a movie of the same mold as Gregory's fantastic girl and local hero but ended up leaving the theater feeling ashamed and viciously cheating no one. While it's true that windows are usually bar a few remarkable exceptions, an error and exists simply to give studio executives and a cash opportunity of success in a movie before they offer us either a recreated backpack in the original story or a draw lines so far removed from the intentions of the original that the resulting film has no sense. In the case of Little Gregory, Bill Forsyth has dubious honors in managing both sins - on the one hand revisiting the plot of Gregory's girl, while at the same time serving up a frankly incredible and honorable storyline involve arms arms dealers. Gregory schoolboy is now a professor at the same school at the age of sixteen, having harbored a hopeless passion for playing Dorothy's football. Although now thirty-five, Gregory still harbors a hopeless passion but now for the football playing Frances, also sixteen, despite the fact that music teacher, Bel made it clear that he had attracted her. His passion for Frances and his desire to impress his lead in his involvement in a plot exposed a local arm dealer who also happens to be an old school. There is no point in going any further as the rest of the story is forgettable and the finish does not make any real sense at all. The main problem lies with Gregory's character, in which there is no sign of Gregory's old-year and old-year old year that is actively and comic to pursue Dorothy's conviction that he would eventually win him over. At thirty, Gregory presents us as a rather sad and friendly creature of life that is neither active nor comical. Outside of work is time to spend watching videos in Noam Chomsky and his magazine on International injustice. As his friends and relatives from the movie before were seemingly missing, saved two freeways scene with his younger sister, who did not offer him advice or looks at all interested in his life, we left confused On what it is Gregory really wants, who is it and why it is as it is. Why is he example friend? Why did he never see his father, who is clearly still alive? Why was he returned to school he went to once? Why is he interested in Noam Chomsky and injustice? Why is it so unkind? Why is it attracted to Frances? Why is not it attracting Bel to the last twenty minutes of the movie? What's the name of the sky Bel or Frances sees in it as it neither drops gorgeous or even exciting? Why does he continue to try and impress Frances even after he and Bel have become an article and when their association threatens to completely disrupt his life? Are we really convinced that a Scottish weapon dealer openly sells weapons of torture in oppressive regimes could manage to evade media investigation but falls bad in a couple of schoolchildren? Gregory really thinks that dumping a handful of computers in the ocean will change anything? To make matters worse, actor John Gordon Sinclair tries to rehash his performance as Gregory's teenage right down to facial expressions and body language. Unfortunately about thirty years old he just came across as odd and vaguely creepy. On top of that, it's hard to feel any sympathy, or sympathy with a teacher who has erotic dreams involving sex and one of the student wear uniforms while they both lie on a pile of gymnastics rugs. Instead of entertaining it simply smacks of pedophiles. It is difficult to know what happened to Bill Forsyth's head when he wrote this script or why he thought fans of the original movie would embrace such a story completely lacking in the charm, and the heat turned into the first movie in a classic. I can only assume that the plan was to craft a movie about a man who refused to grow and committed in adult life and maybe cheerful memories of being sixteen and pursuing the best looking girl at school, but who Do not force to accept that a life lived in the past has no life at all. That at least could be the basis of a thermal and intelligent film. As it is The Two Gregory Girl adds up to 116 wasted and useless minutes he says nothing and signifies even less. Gregory's girl was responsible for launching the Bill Forsyth career, here's hope that Gregory's girlfriend will not be responsible for her coming down.
