In the days before Gore and sex took over, real horror movies were made. Castle of Blood is, in my estimation, one of the finest, although other reviews have been given to mixed assessments. In an odd sort of way he recalls the most recent of others, who were in the theater a couple of years ago. <br /> <br /> Director Antonio Margheriti repainted his own photograph in 1970 titled this time the Web of Spider (AKA Nella Stretta Morsa del Ragno). Why did he do not understand, although replenished Starred Anthony Franciosa and Klaus Kinski and was very good at his own right. Perhaps he saw a good story and wanted to tailor it more to the American audience. I do not really know. It's interesting that he did the original in black and white with the rumor of color. <br /> <br /> The bloody castle is excellent Gothic Italian. La Danza Macabra was told to be a work published by Edgar Allen Poe, who "appeared" in this film. Poe and Lord Blackwood, owner of a haunting castle, writes American writer Alan Foster (George Riviere) that he can not spend all night soul in telling castles and surviving. Foster hurries to accept the bet, but soon regret it, because it is witnessing in a series of murder committed by ghosts. It seems that the ghosts are back to life once a few years but they end up re-adopting the crimes committed in life. Lord Blackwood easily forgot to say Foster who is without it necessary to resurrect themselves on the next All Souls overnight! <br /> It does not take Foster and the beautiful Elizabeth Blackwood (described by the Incomparable Barbara Steele) long fell in love, even though their romance is over, because Elizabeth is one of the ghosts. I will not give the finish off, but will just say that the Blood Castle is every bit a romantic tragedy as it is a horror story. <br /> <br /> Comments. This film is very atmospheric, even by the excellent standards of the Italians. My personal opinion is to make true horror better than anybody, and somewhat black and white film films only enhance this. In fairness, the Spider website has been fine in its own right, even with color and greater brightness. I loved the intensive vaccine, something most modern day director did not have patience for. Indeed, when Alan first entered the castle, we were treated in several minutes at him doing nothing but roaming around from room to room, dread ands worry building in his face and manners. Since the first ghost appears, the audience is primarily and ready. There is a wonderful dialogue between Alan and the ghosts, something else is not often done in standard ghost stories. There are also memorable scenes, very visual for this type of movie. Elizabeth "murder" and the dance scene (recalling a bit of the same dance in the Ghouls of Carnival of Souls in 1962) were particularly good. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, general interest viewers will ever hear about, much less seen, this movie. That's a shame, for this one is a cut above the rest. I received my copy of Sinister Cinema and I'm not sure if it can buy anywhere else. For those who are interested in this genre, it is a must see.
