Jochen Hick wrote and directed this little thriller to a suspense film based on the concept that the AIDS virus was a mutated sheep virus by the government to rid the world of gays and was apparently tested by prisoners in the pre-epidemic years the scary illness. If it is not for the scrutiny of the concept of the movie, it would fall into the category of many films about ruin the world by a rampant non-prejudiced infected organism. Tom (Wlaschiha) travels from Berlin to San Francisco to investigate her father's assumptions about the sheep induced virus and its effects to the prisoners in whom it was infused. He meets with some disdain and resistance to a dead theory, but also encounters some familiar knowledge of the theory and support his inquiry. Together with his visit to a series of serious killings, each victim is killed in a similar manner to each of the killings apparently accompanied by tension in music from Turandot Puccini's opera which just happens to be opening in the San Francisco Opera. A police investigator Louise Tolliver (Irit Levi) and her companion (Kalene Parker) follow their massacre while Stefan makes the judges in the sex and bar clubs in San Francisco trying to find people who can be guinea pigs for his father's theory them. She met a young Jeffrey (Jim Thalman) with whom she had a chat with mouse and an important physician Burroughs (Richard Conti) who looks unusual to participate in the suspicious cast. How this all comes to an end is playing in the movie, a lot like the search for self-identity between Stefan and Jeffery as it is a case for investigation into murder. <br /> While Tom Wlaschiha, Jim Thalman and Richard Conti do well with their roles (they are only three experienced before acting in the movie!), the quality of the movie film is considerably not less than acceptable minutes Irit Levy's talent and Kaylene Parker: when the screen credibility of the story drops below zero. There are some gazoo by other actors who brighten the screen for the time to live, but in the movie is drowned by the Perpetual Replay of 'Nessun dorma' as singing by Mario del Monaco from a recording of the opera - and similar to be the reason for making the movie! Good idea for a movie and some good characterization by the actors, but there is no initial resolution at the start of the whole thing. Grady Harp, February 06
