The plot of "Astronuat returns to the ground as a mutant monster" has died from the 1950s primarily down to the scientific fact that travels outside the Earth's orbit by humans to turn into mutant monsters, and that the first movie to use This experimental scheme of QUATERMASS was only the decent film sci-fi to use the idea. So the idea of ​​returning to redundant scheme seems to end up in the beginning. Woe to Watching FOOD INDICATORS It looks like the plot is the least of its problems <br /> <br /> First of all this is an incredibly filmed movie. The budget is in single figures and I'm talking about lions by dollar. There is no cinematography to talk about and there are so many corrections. For example, a photographer takes her model (Barely Legal) for a photo shoot. Cut off an injection where the sun is directly behind the pattern, then shot shot of photographer where the sun is directly behind him, then cut back to the pattern where the sun is ... budget shooter down in other aspects too. According to the budget trivia page was so low the producers could not find any stock of satin so when astronomer Steve West mentioned how beautiful Saturn seems to get feet in the sun. Actually the sun gives the most impressive performance in the movie since human actors should not be employed by a porn studio. If I was to appear in this I would not be frightened by the eponymous monster - I should be frightened by the glamor of the rest of the cast. Maybe we would be a little forgiving even if the obvious budget deficit itself in things like the actors have to wear their own clothes. A general for example by wearing her beautiful uniform uniform clothing uniform with medals - she puts a denim jacket and baseball cap <br /> There is suspension of disbelief for a movie like this at work, but it fails on every level. The early tune in the film is where Mr Melty killed a nurse and night from the hospital. Instead of the police getting a call saying it was a murder Dr. Nelson just decided to track down his patient on his own as he would look for a missing cat. It is also strange a well-rounded monster homicide can walk down the road without anyone noticing, but this is typical of a 70 year old horny movie stop the cars down black routes for a quickie and people nonchalantly to mention wives They are pregnant also forget to tell the police that there is a monster on the loose. <br /> <br /> The unbelievable man's Mummy is Z garbage class. I can certainly understand why people enjoy this movie because it reaches the heights of "It's so bad it's good" but apart from Rick Baker's sometimes impressive to effect it's nothing more than a lot of guilty
