A few days ago, I watched a documentary called FIFTY MOVIES MOVIES of all time and this is where I first heard about the incredible MELTING Man. Being a guy in schlocky movie, I make it a point to try to find some of the films from the documentary - not just including FOOD INTERNET PERSON. In fact, Melting Man is the first "bad movie" I've seen since then and I must say I'm rather disappointed. While it really is a bad movie, it comes nowhere close enough to make inclusions on this list. Now, before seeing the documentary, I enjoyed the "movie movie" ever since I read the book "Fifty movies ever worse" by Harry Medved. Despite the same title, the book came out long, long before the documentary and the musicians of the documentary never credited Medved with the concept. From the Medved book, I saw about 35 of the 50 films but they came to an impasse - the rest of the films just are not available on VHS or DVD. So I thought I'd try the movie by the same name. <br /> <br /> The reason I was most disappointed with the incredible FOOD PEOPLE was that there was a few good elements in the movie. First, the effects of the special effects were generally cool and disgusting. It is obvious that a professional (Rich Baker's professional) was involved in making this look realistic. However, I should also show that there was also more than a few cheap and cheese effects as well - like the floating plastic head and the way the monster ran around after his left arm was cut - you could see it " cunning hide "under his clothes! As for the story, it's just stupid. A group of astronauts miraculously enter the races of Saturn without breaking. Then they comment on how beautiful the sun is - as we see the grains of it. This is odd since Saturn is so far out of it - it should not look that way - it should have a little straw. Regardless, immediately the scene changes and we are told that one of the astronauts to survive is in a hospital. What happened between the last scene with this one? Yes, it is to guess anyone. Well, soon after, the survivor saved and engaged in a murder rampage as his whole body melted. Now, consider having a psycho running on that looks like a melting popsicle, would you think the government would pull off all stops to get and stop it, right? Move. An General Engaged One Lone Doctor Get It !! No army, no police - just some dopey doctors. Even after the body begins to stack up, at no point do the doctor or general do anything to organize a significant research or get backup. <br /> Now, given the movie, you should not be surprised to find the following: <br /> <br /> When dude and melt run around the doctor's house, the doctor gives his wife a powerful sedative and left him in the house. Cute old couple are driving late at night, they naturally stop in an orchard to choose fruit and kill. <br /> <br /> When a lady sees melting dude, she barricades the door to protect herself. This would be smart if it did not have the door back to the house next to him! Instead of just leaving the house and escaping, it just waits! <br /> <br /> When a photographer and his model are taking snapshots, the guy grabs his assistant, and flash in his head. Why? Well give the audience a cheap thrill and make it a rated flick R. When the coup dissolves is finally located and the sheriff has a clear shot of him, the doctor stopped him - though not now the monster was killed about a dozen people. So, as you can see the rich film and stupid scam elements. It's a very bad movie. But given the effects occasionally good special, it just was not a terrible movie as I would expect. Sure, it's good for a laugh, but there is nowhere near PLAN 9 in space out of cruelty and never should have been included in anyone's worst movie films.
