No, just kidding. It was God-terrible. <br /> I watched my local Sci-Fi station last night, which played movies every night, in a monthly theme. This month it's "Space turkeys, Or: As I learn to stop worry and love the bombs." Movies are so bad, they should never be done. This was a good selection. Everything about this film is quite awful and two exceptions, the make-up gurus (which showed potential) and the correction (which a bit out to do the rest of the movie, in terms of being awful). The act is horrible all around, the dialogue is terrible, the script, the direction. It's not a good movie. <br /> It consists of two forms of special effects, gore and stock feet in space. I will focus on the Gore. Watching this movie, I thought myself, "What was the motivation behind doing this movie?" Those who love to do things, make sure, but I was hesitant to think of anything that would be good for anyone involved. I came to the conclusion that this film has been made as a means of increasing the reel demo's reel demo effect. She (Rick Baker) actually went to a wonderful career, she worked on STAR WARS (1977), KING KONG (1976), men in black (1996), and even the FASON ENFEKTE (1981), plus a number of other flicks remarkable. Other than that, I can not say I've ever seen a real, living melting man - incredible, or otherwise - but I should say this seemed to be a fair representation of one. /> Now, when I think of bad correction, I always think of perhaps a scene where someone is talking to the phone and then in the middle of the scene, the phone jumps down to his shoulders, or a what is this effect. This movie is really used to highlight the fact that bad editing can take many forms. Specifically, on-the-spot and unnecessary scenes. Just about each scene dragged on longer than it should have, from a little bit of time to die and what crazy-long screaming scene with Cleaver Girl. And head off of the river is the top throw in a river (in slow motion), the film brings on for a couple minutes, and then we cut back to the floating top and watch it falls down a cascade. While I'm sure they were all very proud of the top off, What HELL ?? <br /> <br /> Finally, I'll mention running fat lady / slow motion scene right near the start. The bitter motion slowly told me that they did not shoot the scene in slowly original motion but later decided that it "did not work like that" and then slow down it. Oy vey. In any event, if you should ever see another film in which a female isteric woman runs down a room and then directly to a closed door, glass - all in slow motion, mind - remembering Incredible Melting Man , for * this * is where it all started. <br /> <br /> Movies like this are best seen in the house and a bunch of friends. This one of a little slow down most of the time but this is just all the time to come up with your own one-liner covered. It's not the worst of the worst, but it's pretty bad freaking.
