I think my favorite part of this movie, one of which exemplifies absolute meaninglessness, the sort and unanimity of the proceedings, comes to the point in the movie. DOCTOR TED Nelson and his friend Sheriff's wife were finally the corners of a landing on some stairs in an electric generating plant. Keep in mind that Nelson has been looking for the MM for almost the entire movie, and that the MM has been killed with several foods at this point (including his boss), and Nelson is very aware that MM is violence crazy and hungry for the flesh and blood. <br /> So the sheriff has his weapon pointed at MM, who, and I give the movie with Rick Baker accessible for this, the most disgusting and terrifying object of human form that we have ever seen. And he calls a very important question for DOCTOR TED NELSON: "WHAT YOU DO NOW?!?!?" <br /> <br /> The camera is off on NEDSON TED DOCTOR, and it's obvious that Ted has no idea what to do next. Apparently Ted was so intent on the problem of finding the meltdown, he never thought of bringing together some restrictive devices, a lasso, or straitjacket, or a net, or some tranquilizer darts, or perhaps a New Age tape by vangelis soothing wildlife. <br /> So the sheriff panic and shoots, the melting man goes berserk, and hilarity result. <br /> <br /> Perhaps this explains why NASA has lowered the Space Shuttle program in sub-lunar space for the last 30 years instead of going to the Moon or from Mars as everyone knows their OUGHT must do. I agree. <br /> Anyway, this kind of lousy, writes lazy and direction that undercuts all aspects of this movie. It's hard to say how good the actors actually are, because the movie has a completely despicable character. Two extremely painful sequences also ramp up the sort of procedures: There is a scene featuring the oldest couple lumpiest in the world trying to steal lemons from a grove, only to be torn apart by the melting Man. This scene is a nadir of 70s movies. I can guarantee you never look for a more free and irritating and odd configuration of people in your lifetime. And Man's Fusion Attack on the lady who lives in the house where they hold a horse who pees on the challenging walls all trying to process it. (BTW, I think famous movie director Jonathon Demme has a walk-on at this scene as redneck husband who goes on first to check on the house and never come out again). The only thing that keeps the actress from literally grinding the landscape is that, as I said, the horses were apparently peeing on it. And we are forced to watch her hysteria for at least two minutes longer than any SAN film director would keep the shot. <br /> <br /> Burr DeBenning must beat the crap from director IMM and photographer. I remember her from an old colonbo episode where she looks much better than she does here - there is no idea of ​​a person but leader, but solid and unobtrusive. But no one could possibly as unappealing in real life as his director made him look here. Everyone else comes up a little better except for the old couple (and close, I know they are playing for laughing, but I'm not laughing), but not so much. <br /> This definitely falls into 'So Bad You Can not Look Away' catastrophic catastrophic category. Still, I would look it again before I would look a lot of other year's abortion and the 80's ("Track of the Moonbeast" and "He lives at night" come to mind), and the MST's protection in it is fun great, so if you get a chance, look at the MST version.
