Emma is my favorite Jane Austen novel - Emma is quite meaningless despite her flaws, so readers can be forgiven and love her, and the relationship she has with Mr Knightley is warm, familiar, respectable, but playful, generous , soft, romantic excitement. Mr Knightley is the perfect man, and Emma is as close as you might find in those times of an independent, smart, trusted woman - remember, it's only 21, and she's sure you're mature and grow out in its flaws. Who does not want to be Emma? Who does not want to be told by Mr Knightley? This version of Emma gives you no sense of the things that I love about Emma. I could not even end up watching it, I just found it so awful. I could not see that warm, generous side of Emma, ​​who drove the reader to love her: the patience and heat he showed his dad; closeness between her and Mrs Weston, who demonstrated her willingness to put her friendship above her own (as she killed only the same companion in her home by sending Miss Taylors marriage). Mr. Woodhouse's character in this adaptation just appears scarce, rather than just picturesque, senior and somewhat tries. <br /> <br /> This most importantly neglected adaptation brings in life the relationship between Mr Knightley and Emma. Relationships are built on mutual respect and affection: Mr Knightley is indulgent in bankruptcy The Miner Emma believes that his intelligence and genuine care for others will never allow it to go too far; and Emma looks up to him, though precisely this hide and continue to use his judgment. The dressing down gives her right to the start of the show completely superb argument between them, and breaking all the possibility of showing the nature of their relationships as I described above. Mr Knightley is also insufficiently attractive to bring life to the sexual tension between the leads (or inspire any admiration from the female viewers). Really Horrific. I can not understand why anyone who really likes Emma in novel could love her, unless he miraculously smacks himself after I change it.
