With the exception of about 10 minutes sublime and HB Warner on the celestial railway, this was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping horribleness! The act was atrocious, but the story is what I really found appalling. The act was wooden and stilted, even by early standard standards (the exceptions were Lee Tracy and HB Warner, and in humans can do wrong). Rose Hobart was absolutely amazed at the death of Julie (as it was in Dr Jekyll 1932 and Mr Hyde, an otherwise excellent flick). And the rest of the cast was worse, no word to describe the terrible. <br /> <br /> Worse than the act, however, was the story. For some unknown reason, Julie likes Liliom, a setting with a woman who has no kind of royalty too. She married Julie, but she did not support her, rather lying in bed all day or hanging out with her low-blooded criminal (Lee Tracy). And, oh yeah, she never had a word of saying Julie and she regularly beat her. Julie loves her however and always makes excuses for her, who only seems to make her more abusive. What's even more sick is that this film presents this story to us as a love story. Somehow we are supposed to see Julie as a noble character whose favorite Liliom love. WTF? <br /> <br /> The last 1/3 of this movie takes place after Liliom has died himself (a flying flight goes awry and Liliom dives a knife in his head rather than being taken off by the police). As she lay dead, she says to Julie "I beat you all the time, but I do not regret it." When he's finally dead, he finally tells him he loves her. (Both characters say "I love you" to the other while they were alive.) After his death, God's Chief Magistrate gave Liliom another day on earth so he could "do a good thing" for unborn maidens li. The price for this is 10 years in hell. After 10 years, Liliom allowed one day to see her now 10-year-old daughter. She approached her in front of her house and tried to get her into her "doing something good" for her; She tries to get her to play cards, she tries to give her Gabriel's horn, but she's not interested and repelled her. So he hit him. Li. Frap. Li. Then he disappears back into the afterlife. Look, we see her daughter tell Julie about that. The girl said the slap was not hurt, that she felt like a kiss. This is supposed to be the time of the movie's magic. The girl asks her mother if so something is possible, and Julie replies that "one can beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all." Then the music swells and Liliom rides up to heaven in the celestial circle. BLECH! <br /> <br /> There is only one favors saving this movie, and that is the interview between the Chief Magistrate (HB Warner was really nice here) and Liliom on the Celestial Train. The Mayor had some very important things to tell Liliom about life and second chance and death. This scene alone makes me hit this rating from 1 to 2 stars. Regarding the suicide of Liliom as a means of escaping its problems, the Mayor says "People think that when they die, the difficulties are over for them. You thought you did not kill yourself that you would cancel all your responsibilities. Your name is still talking, your face is still remembering.When a person leaves you remembering, long ago the problem is independent. Unless you've completely forgotten, you will not end up with the Earth, even if you're dead. "There are some great sublime transcendental things amongst the most terrible garbage I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> By the way, this story has apparently been filmed several times both as "Liliom" and as the music "Carousel."
