The universal response to the "exorcist" is not a very good one. Unfortunately, the movie offers quite, inimaginative direction from Michael Winner that wastes an outstanding cast with a dramatized massing crater size hole hole hole. Not to mention, it's incredible comic never to explain certain key elements in the story. <br /> <br /> Model Cristina Raines moves to a high-rise owned by the Catholic Church with a creepy, blind priest John Carradine, which holes up in still in the window. It begins to suffer stuffed ornaments with nausea. What's worse is her tenant meeting in the building like Burgess Meredith (with a chat with a report card!) And a young Beverly D'Angelo as a lesbian. Ava Gardner (looking great at 55) is the realtor that shows the rainfall. Cristina's lover is Chris Sarandon, whose wife "commits suicide" after finding they have an affair. José Ferrer has a role as the "Priest of the Fraternity" that informs Arthur Arthur Kennedy to be careful as he has led many high-rises to not only Carradine housing, but also rain. Sarandon sent a hire-hand at a high night to check out a certain room above Cristina's apartment where he heard metallic tightness and other loud operations. He vanished to die the same night Cristina "killed" DEAD his father in a nightmare. Crying crazy in the street, Cristina is really bloody about driving police detective Eli Wallach and partner Christopher Walken to investigate with certainty to ensure that it all somehow leads back to Sarandon who is a hot-shot lawyer who once beat cop in court regarding the suicide of the whole wife. This is really a motivating factor is dogach's dogged approach to finding that blood was really about Cristina and if Sarandon has nothing to do with it. You also have Martin Balsam as a teacher who understands this type of Latin Cristina mysteriously understands and acting actors such as Jeff Goldblum as a fashion photographer and Tom Berenger as a person interested in this room that has become available in the room much (now renovated) that Cristina once lived in! What bothered me more than anything is lack of explanation. By the end of the film Wallach and Walken are forgotten and we let them wonder why they just got up and left investigation. Characters are just leaving on the back-burner. How the priests know that "now is the time" when someone dies and must be replaced by a certain gate of high-rise guard, and why Cristina suffers from the trauma he does not quite explicitly. How certain ghosts just appeared before Cristina and disappear when trying to show Gardner the rooms occupied during a cat's birthday (see for yourself) is not well explained. Not to mention Gardner's role in the grand plot of things .. it brings people in high-rise, but what really is it in the movie? It looks like this movie should be the longest and cleared things to leave lost in a run conclusion that is just scarce when it should be scary.
