Prison set in Wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem for the state board to decide to reopen an old state penitentiary who was closed for 20 years, Warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) put in charge. 200 odd prisoners are shipped in & set to work to fix the prison tired up with Burke (Viggo Mortensen) who ordered to break into the old execution room, he hardly checked but when he penetrated up the bricked door a beam of light shoots out & all electric, gas & fire around the prison goes crazy for a few minutes. Burke was unwittingly unleashed a deadly force of evil in the mood for some kill & no-one safe ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Renny Harlin I thought to prison A poor late 80's poor horror seemed to forget about the tiny point of having a story. The scripts by Empires Regular Photographs C. Courtney Joyner was responsible for writing these classics as Class 1999 (1990), Master of Puppet III: Toulon's Revenge (1991) & Puppet Master against Demonic Game (2004) amongst other budget horror crackers which even I have not heard of & seems to take itself very seriously. The biggest problem I have and the jails is that it's far too slow, it's over 30 minutes in the movie before the 'evil force' is even released although the pace gathers towards the end but not when This was too small too late as I was concerned, then there's the fact there's no discernible scenario here at all. For a start he never tries to explain why there's an 'evil force' bricked up in the old execution chamber, he never explained why this force decided to kill random prisoners when it was supposed to be out on a mission vengeance or why it just does not kill Warden Sharpe right away, there is no explanation given where Burke fits into it though it looks exactly like the prisoner who was electrocuted & returned, there's no real explanation As Warden's is connected to everything that will be apart from the start of the nightmare sequence in which it seems to remember something although it never reveals what it is or why. To be honest I could not really give you a scheme summary as the movie does not have a rigid story that it follows all the way through. The character is dull and forgettable, the killers are few & far between, the rally is the way the movie is all a mess and even ghosts can not shoot right when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. A less than satisfying way to spend 100 odd minutes, there really are the best things you could do. <br /> <br /> Harlin's full-fledged American flicker has done a good job and there's a decent atmosphere but after an hour of constant dwarf, dull, dark cell prison and my alley began to get bored. I just think the look of the movie is far too repetitive, bold and honestly. I did not think he was scared & the Gore is very tame apart from the best moment of the movie when a police guard gets killed when a load of wire string wraps himself in his body & faces a nice close to her throat being torn open. Other than having a burning corpse & a mangle body that falls from the ceiling & many other things. There is a scene when the Warden burns all the mattresses in front of them & then makes them stand all night in their panties in the yard, I watched this scene & thought you would never get away and do something like that. More here the prisoners are allowed and if the Warden has done something like this would have a national scandal from all the humanities and every prisoner would call in Warden, the prison's service & the Government for everything they had & them would win! > With a budget assumed approximately $ 4,000,000 jail actually has a very healthy budget although it does not really look like it's on the screen, make sure you have a decent cast & some special effects that are included are good but overall it's set in the same place and limited ambitions. Prison was actually shot in a Wyoming state prison so it certainly looks like the business. The act is alright, jail proves that sometimes Hollywood stars not only have one movie horror film horror in the closet, but in the case of Mortensen it has two and this & the awful Return of the massacre chain massacre (1994) both to my location I'm sure he'd like to forget about ... <br /> <br /> Prison is a tide, dead, colorless, and humorous waste in 100 minutes, despite a good gore scene I did not like it at all as I actually prefer my movie to have a story rather than seemingly random events & incidents paved together with no narrative sense.
