I'm not, but this flicker is unfortunately one of those movie movies that is too bad to be good and too good to be awful, making it completely free with a total waste of time. There's nothing more refreshing than a mediocre movie, and my name is modesty: regardless of the subtitle is mediocre at a new level. It's all B-actor, but not any fun because it carries it seriously. He sets himself up as a thriller, but then turns into some kind of growing-up drama, flashback style. The beautiful Alexandra Staden, smothered beyond recognition under makeup, more like a cast member from top model than Blaise modesty. I'm not one of those hard-to-find comic book books that want all the adaptation of its precious "graphic novels" to be pitch-perfect - in fact I never even read Modesty Blaise - all I wanted was a decent movie look. But that did not read. The film feels half finished, with a weak conclusion and very existent in a rather weak scheme. It also takes its audience for idioms, explains all the details of the plot with us and shows the flashback of things that happened three scenes ago (I guess they think we're all alzayme). Now, I love a good B-movie - what's better than just turning your brain and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a Calzone? - and "Modesty" is directed by none other than Scott Spiegel, who made us wonderful flattering the crap crap Out of Dunk Till Dawn 2: Texas without Money! I loved out of Dunk Till Dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad B-movie should bring to the board - nudity, gore, gun, or name. "Modesty" is just mat. Flagship about Modesty's life is not interesting. The act is not bad enough to be laughing at. In fact, I liked the Nicolaj Coaster-Waldau (hey buddy, the pseudonym is your friend!) Performance as the baddie. So in general it's just lame. Weak. Unanspire. Call her what you want. Do not watch anything because Tarantino presents it, people. This is just a very forgettable, half-hearted thriller, and it will never try to be more. Leave me in the round of this review with a lot of lame punishments (seriously, even I'm cringing): My name is modesty: a modest desert in time - 4/10
