I grew up modest Blaise, both funny and the books, and she really is my heroine. Although not a big fan of Quentin Tarantino I was all interested to hear a few years back that he considered making a movie in it: he can finally give Modesty a great scrub of his great screen of deserve for them? I heard of 'My name is modesty' a few months ago and checked the stars it was given here, and were not too surprised to get the score was not too high, since dear characters often have hard times dissolve the fans' hearts if it does not exactly right. So I decided not to read any reviews and see the movie instead, and well, I just finished watching it, and I'm stunned, sir, and yes, pretty angry, too. Sad and furious given more than an hour of time I saw something so fabulous as Modesty Blaise-characters turned into a movie that has nothing to give a viewer or a fan. It seems that almost everything about this movie is sub-par with amateur, although I must admit to some actors in other films earlier where they are fine so I can not blame them. But the scenario and the directing ... my gods, why even make this kind of crap and output value a little bigger than your TV-movie average but worse? I do not know the background of this movie and actually I really do not want to know, but I just can not help wondering how earth could be Tarantino with a straight face saying she loves Modesty and then put her name on that a? She just lost a huge amount of respect in my eyes. The principal was not the right person for this job and I could honestly dignify her for damaging my night. <br /> I give this movie 3 stars and these stars go to the actors and the technical qualities that could have been worse. The other seven missing stars are what this film was not good at. Oh well, hopefully at some point there will be a serious production of the Blaise Modesty movie that has some other goals than to steal money from the modest fans. Although if people like Tarantino are the ones that make their decisions, I do not hold my breath.
