I applaud for films that fill in gaps in world cinema subjects. So, after watching the trailer for "Lily Water," I hope to love this movie because I thought I would stumble on something unique: a movie that showcases lesbian lesbian lesbian - sort of a female version of "Beautiful thing. " <br /> <br /> The main characters are young French women 15 years old. Marie is slender, reticent and beautiful in a tomboyish way; Florian is outgoing, athletic and beautiful; and Anne is loyal, pudgy and immature behavior. The erotic interrelationship between Marie and Floriane is still simmering in this movie, if not in the surface, then just below it. <br /> <br /> "Lily Water," however, is not over the summer of lesbian love about two teens; It is about sexual frustration, suffering, ennui, adolescents who work in cross-purposes and - at least two cases - justice, sex mechanics. It also proves that screenwriters and film-makers mar their own creations when they become too manipulative. In addition to the DVD's "Lord of Flies", director Peter Brook said, "French cynicism begins with the excitement of sex," meaning the French consideration as an angel while considering adolescents and adults with a sinister omnipresent. The part of this film is film-maker Celine Sciamma has gulped a mighty dose of this warrior. <br /> <br /> "Where is the joy?" I asked myself while watching this movie. Yes, first love can be painful and frustrating, but it can also be happy with erotic triumphs in a cool, life-energetic way. These positive aspects lack the film; there is no balance .. .. Organic, this movie wants to have an intense celebration of love first. But Sciamma is too impressed with its own cynicism and clever and breaks the movie. First, what is the point of showing only the naked girl full? I know there is an established tradition of nudity smearing teen in European movies, as evidenced by films such as the "slingshot; rachel; the devil, Probably; the Little Thief, murmur in the heart; Friends; Beau Pere" and "Europa , Europe "; but this example is slightly intrusive authorization - "Look, audience, I can make a movie where I show only those unattractive naked ones." Either no stripping or virtually distributing stripping would have been an honest way to go. There is a scene in a club where Floriane and Marie are dancing. What follows next is not just Floriane cynically manipulating Marie; He is film maker Sciamma cynically manipulating his audience. Perhaps the biggest betrayal of authenticity and honesty takes place when Florian warns Marie's about asking something that is "not normal." Marie wisely asks, "Who cares about being normal?" Then Sciamma plays fakes with her audience and the hurtling momentum of the movie, because Floriane's quest is a fake, derivative and substitute question - not the authentic, sincere, films, Marie's characters and viewers invest time they deserve. <br /> <br /> Here are both moments that clown falsely on the viewer's nerves: 1) Since the French - in everybody - take bathtubs wearing bath suits, and a boot turtle? 2) What teenager - in any nationality - would chomp down on an apple core thrown into the trash in order to find a taste in the beloved mouth? <br /> <br /> The three main actresses promise and, if they get the best of their talent machines, they can become excellent actors. Louise Blachere (Anne) is the best actress in terms of technique and she can have a successful career in supporting roles. Adele Haenel (Floriane) could become a leading lady, or a bomb, or both. Pauline Acquart (Marie) owns an intensity and magnetism that is unambiguous. In the future, he was able to play everything from an emotional librarian to crippling into a puzzling sensual seduction of a politician reluctant to raise a meteoric rise in reputation. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Water Lilies" was very disappointing. Is a movie-maker honor please do an authentic film about two young women falling in love! No - Not necessarily for the sake of this middle-aged guy - but lesbian girls can have something in their quality to look and identify with. And yes, fill in a space subject to the global cinema.
