The 1980 Ulli Lommel movie 'The Boogey Man' is no classic, but it's an average lower average budget chiller that's worth a look. The end, Boogey Man II '1983s' is finally a waste of time but at the very least it's a fun if you do not take the bit bitter seriously. Now, I left the door open for another end, and I would not have thought of at least one more. One day while I was browsing though the videos in a shopping mall in the mall I came across a movie called 'Back to the Boogey Man.' When I got out it was an end to the earlier films I was happy to shell out a few bucks for her ... I should have known better. Though the opening title is 'Boogey Man 3,' this is not the end of these two far superior films I've called above. Well, not entirely anyway. <br /> <br /> Pros: Ha! That's a laugh. Is there anything good about this pig in manure cows? Let's see ... he has footage from the 'Boogey Man', and, um ... it's short thanks. Yeah, that's about it. <br /> <br /> Account: Where to start? Decision, decision. First of all, this movie is a total makeup. It goes from one stage to the next without any distance distant or frustrating distance. The act is the best stiffness. "Actors" are most likely friends of the director who had no experience to act before, and probably no since. The draw is nonexistent with shoddily script writing. The direction is just plain terrible. The director tries to make the movie look at all fartsy artsy by making the camera motion around, flicker lights, and filters, but it adds nothing. The music is dull and hard to hear in parts. The original links are botched. Suzanna's Love Character was called Lacey, by Natalie! And the events shown at the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. Also, if this has a 3 in the title, why have not mentioned what happened in II? Finally, this adds nothing new or interesting either to the series or the genre. <br /> <br /> Last thought: People behind this waste of time and money should be disappointed. It's one thing if that was an original movie that was the first director and sucked. But rather it is supposed to be a sequel to the movie that is no masterpiece, but humor is sure to be far more fun and fun than that. If ever there is another end, which I doubt it, then it needs to forget this one ever happen and be occupied either by Lommel himself or someone who has at least some ideas on how they make a decent horror movie. <br /> <Your rating: 1/5
