Let me just say I liked the original Boogeyman. Sure, it's a scarlet movie 80s horror movie, but hey these kind of fun to watch! And more he gave us something a bit different. So I'm glad to buy it and surprise me this movie came along with it (only the copies were actually) so I thought "Eh, what the Hell" and bought it. Error # 1. So that night I felt in the mood to watch a movie (I actually bought tons of that day) and calculated this was the shorter out of those I bought so i will just look at this and hit the bag. Error # 2. Yes, I've heard how bad it was but I wanted to take a chance. So, a few minutes in the movie and there's the first flashlight. I think nothing of it at first. Then the new foot and the prediction of the chick in the tub and I'm just the direction it will be in. Then the next flashback is a bit longer and I sit back thinking "Yes I saw The first Boogeyman I know what happened so move along! "Then the next one comes up with my face screwing and fast forward to it. Then one of the final (maybe I quickly send in the explanation but why did she lay topless on the mirror? At least she could have been shown to them!) And I decided to fast forward to it and then Larger The point and the movie ended! WTF? What happened to the prediction? What happened long hair hair (Is it typed or what?)? And most importantly the weed was the writer and director of smoking when doing this terrible POS ?? !!! And what was the point? Did Annie just have flashback in what happened in the movie first? Or were you the thing that came out of the movie just happened at the same time as this? The latter could have been meaningful because of the pantilose figure that happened in 1978 according to the characters of this movie and it was 15 years later. Wait a minute, no it would not! Because Lacey (who movie is vulnerably renamed Nancy! Is Uli too dumb to remember her filmmaker's name?) Should 20 years old since she was 5 when it happened and not only she married someone which looks like 30ish but also has a kid that looks around 7 and 10! Did he get around during middle school? Also, why would Pantyhose be after Annie? What connection does he have with the original movie character? And a big movie big movie I found in this film is that when the doctor writes in his notebook anyone notice that it's just scribbling? Wow, how professionally, Doc! So what is the explanation for all the questions I asked above? It's a butterfly movie that does not have any of it at all! I'll try to get a copy of the original movie that comes with just that movie and that's it (Maybe a couple of extra features, any special edition of it yet?). Then I will return this DVD and hopefully this review and everyone else will prevent people who have not seen it in watching it so make movie movie get rid of it and this movie can not exist anymore! Please do so! Sorry this review is so long. I'm just angry at this movie I was hacking somehow
