When I ordered this from the Blockbuster website I had no idea that it would be as horrible as it was. What do you know? Perhaps I would forget to take my MDD medication on that day. I know from that moment the cast drove up to the station wagon, donned in late 70's-style wide necklaces, bell-bottoms and feathers, I knew that this gemplaced gem in the disco era was beautiful may be tied to the dumpste. <br /> <br /> First predict in just how bad things should be the narration of the beginning, trying to explain what cosmic forces were in play for doing havoc on the universe, forcing polyester and Porn-quality music on the TV. From the opening stage and the malicious effects of the "monsters" to another world and then the house that jumps from universe universe was as achingly painful as it watched an elementary school production of 'Vagina Monologues '. <br /> <Throughout the movie, signing a sign was about to happen when a small boat would appear. The "Boat" was composed suspicious of what looked like old VCR and camcorder party and would attack anyone in its path. Of course if moving slowly than Bob Barker's impact, but having a pencil-thin threat and the ability to throw a menacing green limp that would stop bullets and fitted with a laser capable of cutting only wildly in an hour or two (with some assistance) .. <br /> <br /> Moving on ... As the etirdness and deep bell continued ... We found that they were caught in a "Time Warp Space". How do we garner this small nugget of scientific information? Because the oldest male lead tells his son that, in a more or less off-the-cuff fashion mode, such as reminiscent of 'how you won the big game' on a cup of joe or a glass-cold bottle of refreshing Coca-Cola. Was a scientist popping up? Nope, but he knew about horses and was apparently meddled as an amateur in string theory and Einstein's theory. The recording I watched about DVD was almost bootleg quality. The mud sound and the transfer looked like he was shot on a theater screen and the video archive on a cell phone, other than that, he really, really, really bad. (There's not enough 'really' to describe it, really). <br /> I know some out there love this movie and compare it to classical classic classic. I have never seen this movie on its original release, but even back then I think I would have come to the same conclusion: bury this quick one.
