Couple strikes move in a hub on a hill after the loss of their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts humbling the place, restless spirits of past occupants who commit suicide. Julie Pyke (Cheri Christian) blames Mary Allen (Greg Thompson) for her daughter's terrible death due to leaving the door locked and she was deterring the wedding because of her. Julie stays in a zombie state, next elitist does not have emotions, remote and numbness, only photographing a nearby prison abandoned, finding a thrilling image of a ghoul girl caught up on the beams of a cell. Though Allen does not see anything out of the ordinary, Julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is not right right. A local liaison, Jim Payne (Scott Hodges), a distant fellow farmer, has become a dangerous threat when he reveals that his dead mother can have something to do with the helmets that occur in the Pykes. Meanwhile the neighbors who sold the Pykes cabin found themselves victims as well, alcohol abuse in Mr Booth's wife came back to haunt him. Allen will conduct an investigation into his cockpit story, try to unravel the mystery on the spot. <br /> <br /> Many ghosts move on in the background of this supernatural disturbance story and virtually every miserable character. Christian cherished remains so naughty and lost, it's incredibly difficult to connect with it despite the fact that you understand her combat. The act, as is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters exactly are easy to get over. I guess it was supposed to be that way, in the circumstances, but the problem I was never able to properly embrace the Pykes due to their constant state of aloofness. Cheri comes as cold and tear-off, as I figure out a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way, but the nature of the ice let me stride inside hug her that I just could not. I think the performers are right, even if the characters are in an emotional turmoil, may grab the hearts of the viewers, if a humanity reaches us .. in this case the movie can drive, for whatever reason. It could have been me, I do not know. I wanted to take care of them, but nothing of the characters was extremely striking on my heart strings. Anyway, as the movie continues, Allen gently discovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who has convinced himself that the daughters are in the middle and will not lose his girl anymore. Jim, the unstable neighbor who believes to stop the haunting plaguing the area should kill the Pykes, becomes a major threat. The ghosts remain a central part of the movie, their presence, particularly Jim's mother, is established at all, off in the distance. The final reveals all of them as Allen must get help for his wife while trying to block Jim's mission. I had a hard time getting into this one because of my misfortune and driving them with the characters.
