Well, now what the hell is supposed to be? Is it a family fantasy movie in cash to more on the great success of the "Kindly Closed Children's Encounters in the" Spielberg? Or a throwback the glorious days of prehistoric spells such as "When the Dinosaur ruled the Earth" and the "lost world"? Perhaps it is an intellectual and philosophical masterpiece we all do not understand? Yes, belongs to it! Whatever it is, the creators of "Time in Time to Finish" (Good John Bud 's card in the "Kingdom of Spiders" and David Schmoeller writer in "Tourist Traps") must always feel a lot of glue when they have been enveloped down the ideas for this hacking humpback in folks. The story does not make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell but, hey, who cares as long as it receives paper-cracked dinosaurs, miniature spacecrafts, headache-induced lights & laser shows and spontaneously combusting supernovas! The voice-on introduction is practically inferior, but there is no concern as it's all gibberish! Did you know that the definition of 'time' is not all we think it is? Time does not necessarily pass by chronologically, it is one giant paradox! The words that have spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around now and the same thing that will happen in the future are already surrounded by us. I have absolutely no idea what all this means, but apparently it gives an easy excuse to pick up dancing midget aliens and dinosaurs that are well done on the screens together. I deliberately say dinosaurs well, because at a certain point one of the prehistoric monsters polite knocks on the front door to threaten its goals. The crazy plot turns into a family of weirdos living in solar-powered homes in the middle of nowhere. Father is very annoying, the daughter even more, Granny is a walk & talking advertising ad for plastic surgery, the youngest strange boy looks Prince Vanyan and the young mother is ?? incredibly hot! Chris Mitchum for some reason also rashes around the movie lying like the hot husband's husband on business trips. The special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely ridiculous (I sincerely hope that the review of others who spoke about "excellent special effects" was being sarcastic), but the absolute assigned assignments are here to their dialogue! Just read this wonderful example of extraordinary writing: <br /> <br /> Father: "You know what this, do not you? This is a time-space chain! <br /> <br /> Stevie : I'm not sure if I know what it means, father "<br /> <br /> father:" Well, I guess nobody really does "<br /> <br /> Do yourself, gramps! Do you know what it is or do not? And stop talking about the "Vortex" as you are a kind of expert in the field! "Time in Time Overcome" is an extremely infamous boycott and not-worth-harassing-for film fantasy, though I can totally understand that some of her fans love the movie because they saw it at young age and became fascinated and the flamboyant effects. The finish is completely out of nowhere, as they suddenly run out of money or as the effect of mushrooms eating out was unexpected.
