'1408' is podge in latest hodge of cheap scary tactic. Types that might make horror movie fans occasionally jump in the chairs and screams in your ear, but listeners audience seek a little in depth and direction. John Cusak plays a writer who made a career in writing books that describe his experience in staying in haunted hotel rumors. Although insured by customers and masters as the walkway ghosts, there is little to make it a real believer in the paranormal. When learning about 1408 stories in Room Overlook - no wait, I mean, Dolphin Hotel in New York City - she decided she'd made the chapter to close her last book. But Samuel L. Jackson, playing the hotel's owner, strongly tried to dispel his guests and narratives of the atrocities that had occurred in teat rooms since opening the hotel many years ago. The story is simple and we, as feasible as possible, must be located in the preferred winter preferences. <br /> <br /> In other words: be afraid! You must be terrified! <br /> Of course, it would be easy to convince audiences that they just paid to see a thriller-in-the chair seat if it did not take long to build at that point. Also, if what follows is a lot more than cheap "boos" that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually, you might soon expect. The temperature in the room changes automatically. The dizziness of blood. Writer writer can not open the door, etc. After nearly an hour and a half of delivering these to auditions promised great emotions, you might sit and hope that at least you can wowed by the end. With suspicion of dream sequence and other time-derivative derivatives, even that failed to control our doubts before the movie is over, we might finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable. Although Grand Performance (as always) by Cusak, which is essentially the movie all, most of the other notes are wasted (ie Samuel L. Jackson) in insignificant minor role. The true mystery here is how this movie got such a high rating rating. Balon-fars ghost?
