After spending the high rating on IMDb, I decided to go see this movie. In addition to high rating, I intentionally avoid reading any of the reviews. I wanted to go to the theater with a clean slate, without knowing the plot or anticipated expectations. <br /> <br /> Give my rating, you can see that I was disappointed. I enjoyed the development of Mike Inslin's main character. I also liked how the hotel manager tried to speak to her from the entrance to the hotel room. When Enslin entered the room, I was ready for some frightening things. <br /> <br /> First chocolate appears on the pillow and folded toilet paper. Enslin reacts in a credible manner. It is freaked out. I encourage and think myself, this will be good. Those who made this film understand that less is more. <br /> But it's what's happening next to being a big down. The intricacy is quickly replaced by the predictable gun approach. Just to blame the audience with every Hollywood trick in the book and hope something works. Let's see, a clock radio comes over his head. Well, that's always scary. Lost objects in the room? Well, you can not complain about that. Blood flow in the walls and flow? Great. Zombies who commit suicide? Well. Anything else? How about loud noise, shaking, fire, more shaking, messing up the room, more blood, etc. etc. It's all right. And it was all done before. Use our attention challenge Computer mess with all sorts of things in quick succession, and they will not be able to look away. <br /> Well, it did not work for me. And you know what else? When I went to see a horror movie in a theater, it's typical hear several groups of girls at the audience shouting in fear at awesome moments. But this movie did not have any frightening moments. The audience was silent and was not interested. I felt no frost down my spine. There is nothing. The shining was 100x what the movie is trying to be. So what are all those who say it is one of the best horror movies ever? Friend of the Director? Sorry, I just do not get it.
