I must say that I was disapointed with this movie. I've never been a big BNL fan, I get the singing songs of toddlers and obsessively nostalgic (this is me in 9th year, if I've had a million dollars, shoe boxes in life etc). However, I saw the live show clips and I really love the impromptu nature and jump in the show. I was hoping that this film would emphasize this, unfortunately, the most interesting part of the show because the music quite play again somehow bland and not that compelling (there is a basin solo standing in the middle of was completely free and boring, although Jim Creegan was digging himself). The movie does not and shows only a few minutes of it (and you know they had the best moments, as in the Afgahnistan concert "Koffee Anan, it's the man in charge, my name Steve Paige and I'm really great"). <br /> <br /> BNL is kind of like when I went to Europe a few years ago and heard that song "Blue" sung by Effeil 99 or whatever every 2 minutes I returned to Canada and then, A month later this song was ever present *, * I almost tied my arms. BNL is like that, years ago I remember a lot of fans of sitting around camp in Canada listening to "If I had a million dollars". BNL was a cult of phenomenon in Canada, and many of the humors have a particular Canadian particular of it (Kraft Dinner is a staple for many students up here, with the name "Gordon" is quintessentially Canadian) a few years away to places They slipped into obscures and I was a bit gratefull. Then all of a sudden they become big in the United States, and everyone goes down thinking they are the brand new band (yeah, they're brand new, but they're all in the 30's!) While the rest of Canada is going to "Oh I thought these guys bend years ago, I have to listen to 'million dollars again?'" <br /> <br /> footage of concerts is not bad, but I'd love to see more The routine steps, the shoot is not that great, and things like clips from the massive free show in Boston are glazed over so much too fast. The interviews are amazing dessert for such a bunch of comics of guys, I think they're all old and have family and home and stuff and have settled a bit. There are times when they come in the spinach of the material, which delivers deadpan saturated, then they break into laughter and giggles that kind of crush it. The interview with Moses Znaimer (a Canadian media mogul) and Terry David Mulligan (Music dude) are very pretentious and vague in the Territory Tap involuntarily. <br /> This movie does not really document much either, I mean, it's basically a show and the start of the movie, are already great and have a massive plantation entourage, it's not like we see them rising From the obscure and popular "surprise", it's a methodological event planned out, so in the end it's rather mean, concerts half live, half documentary, and not much of either. <br /> <br />
