I'm a true fan of the original Cracker series, and all of them are on DVD. Cracker had a tendency to be over-the-top on occasion, but Robbie Coltrane and the other cast members, as well as the writers, always seemed to carry it on spite themselves. I counted the original Cracker among the great British television crimes series at that time, with some stiff competition: First suspect, Frost Inspector, Morse Inspector, Jeremy Brett's Sherlock, and a host of others. Cracker, along with First Suspect, was on the top of my list. <br /> <br /> Finally, that's a "new horror" all the sad more ... <br /> <br /> Finally, this was a very imitation talk of Cracker's glory. I forced myself to sit down in the whole thing, convinced that he could not actually be that bad, and that some spark would eventually fire. I was wrong, it was bad from the beginning to end. <br /> <br /> A few critics: First, just get any potential bias up-front right: I was offended by the anti-American, anti-war guide that droned on and off at most show off. The topper: The murder of the American innocent of any crime and a British Junkie is, in Fitz's words, "understood, but not justified". I thought "I waded in two hours to crap just to hear this bit disgusting to drivel?" So I had a negative reaction to the anti-war / American tone brought about by my beliefs. Beyond politics, I had the distinctive sense that this cracker was merely a proposal for the propaganda, and it actually has helped to undermine a very weak weak script. <br /> Second, just how much time did Robbie Coltrane get? Fitz was almost a bit bit of this one, as if it was a after-time connection to some original stories written without any thought of Fitz's role. Coltrane was able to bring the show on his own shoulders, and it was always conveniently damaged, but the writer was apparently reflecting on other things, and missed the chance, and not a wide margin. <br /> <br /> Third: What a ABYSMAL SCRIPT! There were some cameras, and a couple of bits in current character development (Fitz's son ranting that Fitz could not stay in his house if he missed his plane in Australia, the Detective who liked to beat his poor performance backs them up, and some of the old sparks between Fitz and Missus), but not nearly enough to bring the storyline tedious. Fourth, where Hell was Panhallagan? Now that would be interesting ... It was Manchester after all, and 10 years on it should be up in the ranks. Another opportunity wasted (or maybe the actress was not interested?) Well, there is more (this bad) means, but I'll close with a curiosity: at the end of the show (as it reveals about BBCA), when the advertisement announced that the "Cut Cut" was available on BBC On-Demand, I thought AH-HA! The cut off, which, presumably, one has to pay for, could have all the gifts I expect to see tonight but never did, as a scenario, interesting storyline. Unfortunately, after convincing myself to sit in the horrific version of the "New Horror" and hope to see something, nothing, worth watching, just to be disappointed, I have no hope to let my motivation to actually pay for a Second, potentially longer and more tiring version. In addition, he was upset with me that BBCA was sliced ​​and hacked and offered time to sacrifice the endless pickup (every ten minutes or so) stream of advertising, and then turning and asking me to pay for that which probably should be published version of the evening I close the first paragraph of the Review of "A New Terror": it really says it all: "The first excitement of Robbie Coltrane has reproduced his role as the BBC's flaw, boozing, the Phase Psychologist's Phase under a major political writer Jimmy McGovern who is determined to deliver in this vidpic revival. The first jolting of his message - namely, that Americans are a bunch of puppies-guys who did not care about a bliss on previous terrorism he came crashing on our doorstep - McGovern in the stomach-innocent ragged narrow alley and superb pleasure in seeing Fitz back on the case. "
