For those of you who have never heard of it (or seen on A & E), Cracker is a brilliant British television show over a overweight, smoker-smoking, foulmouthed psychologist named Fitz who helps Manchester's police department get into the heads of violent criminals. It is considered one of the finest shows ever from England (and this is something said), and was successful in England and around the world back in 1993. <br /> <br /> Now stars The original have re-associate with the original writer knocking out one more 2 hours episode. I liked this show ever since I would first see it, about a decade ago. The DVD box set holds a place in honor of my collection, and I can quote a good deal in Fitz's interrogation session virtually word for word. The idea of ​​Robbie Coltrane staying with Jimmy McGovern for another TV movie on Fitz full of me and absolute glee. <br /> I will start with the good. One of the many things that impressed me on the original Cracker series is how quickly Fitz was defined as a character. Five minutes of the first episode ?? and her conferencing (sending the books in the air), drinking it and cussing at the guy after him on the gambling machine queue ?? and you knew, simply knew, who this character was. You can feel it "click" in mind, the type of click that only occurs when a great actor gets a big role written by a great writer. <br /> <br /> Coltrane, of course, staying great at all the show, but I still feel that some of the episodes later ?? who is not written by McGovern ?? hurt the character. So the good news is this: Fitz is back. As soon as you see him in this show ?? commenting incredibly inappropriate in her daughter's wedding ?? you will feel that "click" once again. It is her: pesky one moment and truly regret the next, still insightful, sincere in point of tactlessness but brilliantly funny in the process. If you like this character as much as I do, you will be happy with how it is portrayed in the movie. Then go to Judith and Mark: in fact, everything that has to do with Fitzs will be handled perfectly. <br /> <br /> The problem I do with this movie revolves around the crime Fitz tries to settle. In standard Cracker mode, we know exactly who the criminal is in the first five minutes? The suspense lies in seeing her face Fitz out. In this case, we have a series of assassins from American blood. And the reason for this, unfortunately, is not due to any psychological credible credible ?? Instead, it seems that killers here simply to allow the writer to show his personal beliefs policy. <br /> It is difficult for me to write this, as I really believe that Jimmy McGovern is one of the greatest writers in the world. Neither I have a problem with movies on current issues, or movies that take a political stand. But in the Cracker universe, we expect to see the characters behave like human beings, not as caricatures. Instead, Americans in this movie are all represented in a whole stereotyped fashion. They're aware-there's nothing loudmouths that complains about everything, treating the locals like crap and scam about their wives ?? One of them even managed to do all the above in less than 5 minutes. I honestly think I would mistake changing channels or something. <br /> But it does not stop there. We get constant reminders of just how badly the war in Iraq is going to be ?? recall that has nothing to do with the story and looks practically out of nowhere. The assassin is so busy tackling how Bush is worse than Hitler that he almost forgot to get on with the kill; but it's more of the point, it's like a microphone for political writers' opinion that he forgot to act as a credible person, and so we ?? as a hearing ?? Do not buy sudden transformation from a happy family man to a serious soul-kill souls. <br /> I can not say that this ruined the show for me ?? It was always good TV, better than almost anything else in the genre (mainly due, once again, Coltrane). But its constant politics made it impossible for her to be as good as the real cracker classics like "To Make Someone"? an episode that was just as "issuey", but one that was occupied with far more intricacies and psychological depths. Two other small points: Panhandle has not been around is a deception, but it's worse to replace it. The police department all? which for long been filled with such great characters - is now full of vanilla. Cops can completely replace any personality personality (how you could cleanse Richard Coyle Coupling of personality is beyond me, but it is indeed missing here). <br /> Also, there are couples at the time where the show loses its beliefs for me. An example of these turns in Fitz that has narrowed down the entire population of Manchester from 1 million to a hundred based on some very unusual criteria (French window? How do the computer know if I have French windows?) ?? It does not only succeed in doing so, but it succeeds in less than an hour. I do not think so. <br /> So all in all, I was a little disappointed. It is recommended to look, but remember to leave at least some of your expectations at the door. Still, if there's a new set next, he'd all been for the good: I'm convinced that McGovern can always write great stuff, and maybe now that he got his policy out of his system, he can go back to writing about people.
