Man, I really find it hard to believe that the wonderful Alan Ball had nothing to do with this mess. When you saw the first two episodes so far, I think I can safely say that this show will not be on my list. He just got a lot of things working against him. <br /> <br /> None of the actors cast are particularly good. Anna Paquin as the lead character Sookie, is just awful. I remember it was the best of a lot of other things I had seen him in so maybe it's just written off. It's not really fun to look at either, there are moments when honestly it seems outright ugly. The actor who plays Bill is very much better, if only because his character is supposed to be sort of wooden and aloof. The other actors do their best, but with the characters that cautious and difficult to emphasize are given to a tough job. Tara is an absolute misery to look, Rutina Wesley absolutely kills the accent. It's like nail on a good board. Almost as terrible is Nelsan Ellis, it's hard to understand what he even said sometimes. Both his characters as well as the Tara also seem a little racist for me. I do not know, having a character say 'why' on an HBO show that is not the Wire just looks a bit odd. Rounding out the cast so far is Sookie's scout claws, her addicted sex fees, and the only bit of engineering casting I've seen in William Sanderson as the sheriff. <br /> The story seems to flush towards it's destination at this point, with no real worry about keeping the viewer interested. The romance thing is very dark-shade. Although this shows UPS factors in camp out of something like these old black shadow episodes times over ten. Sometimes, it seemed to me, that I just have to assume it was intended. But unlike a show like Buffy, who pulls out self-mastery camps, this show is not. From the place and the campaign is the extreme throat and graphic sex at the show. I'm not averse to either of these when they're doing well, as they have in many other HBO shows, but here at least they extend rough gender scene involving Jason Stackhouse looks a bit over the head and freeware. /> About the right thing I can really think of being said about this mess is that I loved the title title opening. HBO has a string of bad luck and shows up lately, I hope to cancel this after the first season and try to find something better on the air.
