When I first looked at the show, the first few episodes seemed to be promising. Bill Compton presents himself as the stereotype of "mysterious" vampires and Sookie presents himself as an independent woman. However, the show down here from here and the once interesting characters are as fun as a cardboard box. As the story progresses, the main characters lose original personality, as well as their ability to act. By Episode 5, Bill's worried jumps are so low that her face just consists of a forehead. Sookie, or rather the actress, is even more dead than her vampire lover. All the tragic things surrounding her and she just reacted to how enjoyable she lost her girl. Personally, I think they've made the main characters sleep with each other too early in the show. The way they were teasing with each other was something that made me tuned and could easily be done with a bit more. As soon as Sookie lost it he struts around like a total ditz, only thinking of Bill's Libido and the size of his Apenndis. Bill also loses his debunking attitude, and well, he just gets annoying. Its actions never really explain except it does for Sookie. Why? Their love for each other never delved into, if there is any love. So far it just seems to have sex that is the core of their relationships. <br /> Yeah, yeah, vampires usually equally sex but come on. Every five seconds I see some sort of popping going on. It was not much of a surprise, since HBO constantly tried to pass into a porno core as a decent TV show. Bill popping out of the dirt and just getting it over with Sookie who has no reason to be forever? I laugh so hard I almost peed myself. <br /> <br /> The plot is just a stream of consciousness. Characters never come in detail about anything. All events that occur usually go unreasonably. The only thing that is constant is the sex. <br /> <br /> The only thing I can say is that I love them are the minor characters. Tara and her drinking mom are far more interesting than the bigger characters. The only reason why I continue to watch the show is for the development of the minor characters. <br /> <br /> Less than the sex with the main character's show would be much more worthwhile.
