For each series that makes it to TV, a 100 mind is formed, the 50 scripts are written, 15 pilots are made, and one, just one, actually makes it in production. From these selection processes, we will lead to believing that the final product must be the cream of the crop, for which other reasons may be rejected to give us a single TV series. So it goes with True Blood; All the stars were in alignment with what started as a series of novels being transformed into an idea, a screen game, a pilot, and finally a series. Unfortunately, it can sometimes be a long trip and along the way there are many turns that finally change what was good and the most and show that people's production would be best for their evaluation. Oh how bad they are often ... <br /> <br /> True blood is an example of a creative concept that has been developed in one of the poorest stories, worst acts, and silliest subplots as anything in recent television history. Throw its international actors into relatively literary actors to get their voices but hold tripping on false false accents. Alan Ball is not so secretive for Ryan (Jason Stackhouse) to give us a cool all weekly vaccine although he often has nothing to do with the scenario. Tara's angry black woman's characterization does not connect with you finding yourself secretly hoping steam to take her out quickly before she goes to another discourse on white repression while attending a ceremony for the Glorious Dead of Confederation. Sam found love suppressed for Sookie and suddenly we must believe he needs to be guarded on his morning, noon, and night despite years of working with him and avoiding any such relationship. <br /> As for the Bill Vampire, its moral morality is rapidly repelled in the first chance to make love with Sookie and there is no problem with making a quick snack at it (although it's a bit wounded). We found other vampires not as mainstream as Bill but many want to be accepted by a public as they look at the living as fashionable foods and legs. <br /> Despite my best efforts in suffering in the first six episodes, I came to the realization that no matter how long you watch a bad show, it's still bad. Something dies for a reason, even vampires. Perhaps this show should be.
