This show has a lot of hassle but I did not know about it until the midseason (season 1). Someone even recommended to show me. But I decided that if I went to watch it, I was going to wait until the end of the season so I could watch it in bulk. Because of the show format, I'm happy to wait. I imagine it should be annoying justice almost every episode ends in the middle of some cliffs hanger then have to wait another week to find out what's happening in the next second of the story. <br /> <br /> Somehow, this show has managed to throw off too much sex. Jason is having sex with pretty much moving things. Right after he found that one woman she had sex and died, she is in bed with another woman the next night! Then Tara and Sam found it over, despite each of them knowing that Sam is in love with Sookie. And for some reason, Sookie gets mad when he later finds out about it - though he's sleeping with a vampire. One of the issues with the show is that it does not make a great job of taking care of the characters. I really did not care for Jason at all. Along with its endless pursuit of history, it was rude to those who actually were concerned for him. After a few episodes, I would have no idea if he had killed somehow. For this reason, I was for the most unwanted party to the murder until the Sookie grandmother became a victim (since the first two were best involved with Jason). Then once Sookie and Bill have sex, stories become a few more subplots. Tara's mother wants an expiration, then the exorcist lady attempts to persuade Tara that she should have one of her demons. I was not much bothered by the whole eraser thing as I know there are some people who really believe in things. However, they wasted little time by pointing out that it's a farce right after Tara spends about $ 1300 on exorcism for her and her mother. At other points, some of the developments occur too fast. Jason continues to be a jerk, trying to sell her grandmother stuff to buy without vampire, which apparently is the new crack or something. In her research she finds this girl who will make V (vampire blood) with her. They get high and in three days fall in love with each other and kidnap a vampire for a constant source of V. Another example is when Bill has to go to a vampire court. It only went for two days before Sookie began to abandon and start asking if he thinks "vampire policies" are more important than it. <br /> <br /> Subtlety is not this strong costume show. It does not take a genius to figure out something going on with the local dog. Although my assumption was not dead, it was not much of a surprise. But the final two episodes were where it really was annoying as it just pushed all the developments in your face as if you could not possibly figure out for yourself. When Tara gets into the car's car, the woman's naked face and the pig are clearly shown, and it's easy to recognize when she shows up in the prison for the lifeguard. As if that was not enough, they later showed the lady again with the pig in her house. Then it's time to wrap the story of murder. At the end of the penultimate episode, he revealed that Renee is not that he said he is and most likely is the killer. In the final episode they shove Renee being the assassin in your face. Sookie notes that it's odd that Renee's thoughts do not have an accent. I thought it was good, as it adds to Renee being a fraud. But the next stage is all evidence of incriminating against Renee. They show that Renee has Maudette tapes and the Vampire and her fiancé found a tape in one of Renee's boxes on how to fake a Cajun accent. At this point it was just ridiculous. I mean we got it !!! So, blah blah things happen. Bill almost killed himself while failing to save Sookie, who still managed to kill Renee. They start putting 2 seasons away from ending problems. The naked pig lady and Sam have a story, Lafayette has disappeared and may have died. Jason is in the process of being brainwashed in being a religious black by some anti-Vampire church - which makes me care less even less. <br /> It's almost surprising to see how many people absolutely love this show. I think I just hope to show this to be better. I'm interested in seeing what happens in season 2, but if I look at it, I'll be more likely to wait for the season's end.
