After watching some of the great things the HBO - Band of Brothers, Rome, etc. - I must say I had pretty high expectations before watching the first episode of "True Blood". Jeez. Often the script seemed to be written by an 8-year-old, some parties are just horribly filmed, (The scene in which he "saved" Bill, I mean comes .. He throws a chain of the guy and ow In her neck, she magically shakes her! That was very embarrassing if you want my opinion. Or a moment before that scene, when she finds that the couple goes with Bill, ridiculous hears they plan things and Love 5 seconds later, magic! 3 of them go, and without any struggle or noise or anything! I mean the idea of ​​the show seemed interesting, mysterious, intriguing, co-existing vampire and human in modern society our ... but honestly I do not think they really wanted to do more in this than a petty soap show, that the average girl girls are watching all the time but nobody else cares about ... Unfortunately, the script is writing bad, mediocre at best .. It's deep and pretty predictable. Even I thought this was some kind of joke or something. <br /> <br /> Actor they deliver power s really compelling, if you want my opinion. They seem to take the show very lightly, as if it had some kind of regular, family budget budgets show (quite possibly what it is, if you take part in the family). The only actor who seemed a little good to me was Stephen Moyer in the role of Bill, considering badly writing, the answers are very brief he said "What are you ..." "Can I give you a call sometime ... "I think he's doing good to carry out a bit mysterious part of a vampire that anyone with a vampire role must have, actually. Anna Paquin was also aware, but no more. But the guy, playing his brother though, jeez, it is terrible. The scene in which he was arrested is just simply a shame on modern television. The act is bad, the construction site looks fake in the bone, and the other two men "Why is it arrested? .. .. I ..." That was pretty embarrassing. Another thing that I think was completely missed was the way to present the Psychic Sookie's power. They tell us what they think and speak both at the same time and what's wrong. Often it just seems unkempt, as if people thought some sort of an annoying radio channel, and that when it came close to him he hit the right frequency level and heard everything they thought. <br /> <br /> And finally, the sex scenes are just clearly unnecessary and that vampire tapes were just totally disgusting. <br /> <br /> Do not hurt me - I wrote all the comments not because I thought the show was BAD, but because I was very disappointed. I expect quality stuff. I did not think he was going to be like that. It's definitely not a good show though. The best mediocrity.
