This had all the marks of a very good movie - good actor (Robert Loggia, Ellen Parker), a good plot (mysterious missile in space threatening to burn the planet) and lots of stock stocks (if the air force was the movie movie warning shot, used). Unfortunately, it does not lose too much melodrama and an impossible time. <br /> <br /> The film concerns a missile in space that does not attack the Soviets and inadvertently disturbs an atmospheric low airbase. At the bottom of five miles and at a speed exceeding 4000 miles, it emits an exhaust of a million degrees, burning up everything on the ground, including glaciers, early warning lines (DEW) lines and Eskimos. / Every attempt to destroy the missile failed. <br /> <br /> The first flaw in this movie appeared early on. While we do not expect much from low-budget film, some things can not be forgotten - as a little research. For example, both the Soviet and US anti-ballistic missiles are home to the missile and unerring accuracy. However, the first ABM success tests did not make until March 1961 by the Russians. <br /> <br /> There are too many melodrama. Dr. Loring (Loggia) and his assistant Joan Woods (Ellen Parker) play their romance with as much wood as a log cabin. Parker's character crying and boo-hoos of Loggia's sacrifice like he was on a screen test. Loggia is about as heroic as a bored businessman. A scientist (Phillip Pine) hams it up significantly and makes William Shatner look like a thespian. A bus driver still spits out the end-of-the-world crap in stage scenes. The only good actor is the film story, played by veteran actor Lawrence Dobkins ("Naked City"). <br /> <br /> All of these could be neglected if it was not for the time-line. After the missile information is sent to DC, the Pentagon brings to a group of scientists. A general (Larry Kerr) announces that the missile will hit New York City in 63 minutes. And there are discussions by scientists and there is a deadly danger as words are looking for ambassadors to see if the missile is an attack from the Russians, and if a response is needed. The military was completely creepy. Civil defense left work and went to the stations. One million million people have dropped on shelters while school buses pick up millions of children (and we get to see New York City that I've ever seen, even though watching the Sci-Fi movie 50 has made it seem like This was the standard). The press is held in the dark for tens of minutes. Then incredibly, a man in the Pentagon announces that the missile will hit Ottawa, Canada in 51 minutes! All of the aforementioned action happened in 12 minutes! Then they add fuel to the fire, Loggia somehow think in a way to stop the alien rocket. It slowly produces a caseload of plutonium, loads it into a jeep and takes it from DC to a far missile base to put it to a missile. Along the way, he is hit by the road by a wild driver, breaking down and then carjacked. It finally gets the plutonium back and drives into the base of the missile arm. Again, all this at the same time frame 63 minutes. The movie also irks the viewer by making it seem as if Ottawa might save, only to show men, women and children to get toasted. The missile says then says he has five minutes to arrive in New York. Loggia is still driving at the base (4 miles away). He gets to the base with the missile arm, a countdown of minutes then announced. All in five minutes. New Yorkers should be at least burned. <br /> <br /> By the way, the missile will destroy if you do not have to guess. The ABM plane destroyed it with a plutonium based nuclear explosion. Five seconds later, the explosion disappears and all is clear. Yeah, they caused an equivalent nuclear explosion of 100 Hiroshimas on the outskirts of New York City and nothing happens. <br /> <br /> The movie has all the elements necessary to be a good movie B, but wasting them. Logjia has played his character so lamely you did not care that he killed himself in the end. You did not care about other characters, not even the smarmy scientist was played by Pine. The tension that should have moved the film together just could not be physically possible in the time-lane allowed (it still should not be today, not even with Jack Bauer). This movie is very difficult to find. As far as I know, it has not been re-given on any means and for good reason. I do not know if the movie means to be or whether it was standard practice, but there's a scene where the government sends all the best scientists, military and businessmen to deep shelter, saying they're too valuable loss . There is not one single woman or minority in the bunch. Hari Rhodes is the only black person in the movie and it gets a bit short to play a piano. It was worse than "27 Days" where an alien gives five Earthlings the chance to either save or destroy the planet and does not include any black or Spanish .. <br /> I saw this on a special night sci-fi on Turner Classic movies and I do not expect it to show up again. If you find a copy of this somewhere, you might want to put it on Amazon.com.
