Set in South Africa, a young black guy is trying to land part of a movie 'gangsta'. But there is no knowledge of street life, he says to find out what this life is really like or he will not find the party. He manages to work his way through a gang led by an old friend in his school and his chances of appearing in film decline as he commits crimes to be accepted. But for the gang leader, the disaster developed in his new friends life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own. While this may sound pretty interesting, it's nothing but. The first half of it is incredibly flowing and tiring, while the "hijacking" only takes place towards the end and some very poorly executed chassis low speed vehicles. In these "chases", only two police cars are used, both of them are the Nissan Sunny early 90's. Not only would they prefer cheaply to pick up (and I find it rather hard to believe that they should be using these Mundane old cars in South Africa in the year 2000), but as far as I maybe, only 2 are involved and none of them get a scratch once. Chase their cars are very seriously shot, with the camera angle far and seriously timed and minimal traffic on the roads, and they're all over on around 2 minutes to the maximum as you're supposed to believe that a very small child is actually a very qualified drivers that can easily avoid the police despite the drive being pedestrians and net unexciting. This now leads me to the characters and the act, which is equally bad. The aforementioned child who drives the car, looks about 13 years old and supposedly highly qualified to lose the incredibly stable police. Everyone else is equally compelling, so much that they even look bored at times themselves. <br /> At the scene close to the movie, our main character ("Soak Moraka") is asked by the gang leader in flying a car in a car park. While there is trouble opening it, the police arrives and asks him what he is doing and he does not say it to him in the cars. After a brief argument they try to arrest him, and then hold the Police in handguns and jump back into their cars. After he was in, the police returned fire and in turn it became injured. After another sequence kicked off, they decided to abandon the car and set it up to destroy any evidence. What follows here is one of the most effective and terrible terrible horrors I have ever seen. When the car "blast", flames supposedly suddenly appear in every window with terrible sound effects that are not even in time. It's so badly done and so upset that it's hard to put it into words, and really need to be seen to be believing. If you look it in slow motion it looks even funnier. I have seen better effects than those in the murderous documentation documentary. The car is a Volkswagen Golf MK2 GTi. Something that would not be worth a huge amount of all, and seriously could not afford to destroy it with a real explosion? I would like to know how great the budget for this movie was. He felt so cheap that I am surprised he did it out in South Africa, and even more surprising he did it in a DVD release. <br /> I know it's not a great Hollywood budget production. I know it is meant to describe gangs of poor bitumen in South Africa that steal cars from the middle class and sell the black market parts, but with the ridiculous effects, poorly executed car chassis, terrible acting and Funny characters, any sense of reality is completely lost. <br /> <br /> Overall, I certainly do not advise you to watch this. If you want to have a laugh and see one of the worst doing, bad budget low in amovie ever created, then I would recommend that, and only that. It's a miserable, poorly-traced, bad edited, rhythmic and tedious piece of budget low budget that fails on all counts. I've seen many South African cinemas, including many cheap NuImage / Nu-World photo stocks, and despite their cheesiness, they're far better than this over all counties.
