***** AVAILABLE, I AMERICAN SPOILERS IN MORE THAN THE INTEREST IN TRIP SA **** <br /> <br /> Here are some good tips for anyone living in the UK Whenever Channel 5 has a 80's old comedy on late night, read a book instead. I'm currently in the process of recovering from a seizure, due to her some of the comments on this movie here. I'm actually shocked by the fact that someone actually said this film was realistic! All I can say is thanking the Cold War never increased or else we might as well have been given the commission on our borders ... I found this movie directly in the utmost lateness, maybe it is just my British perception what makes a movie funny, what do you know? But in all respects, this movie is not only terrible, its teeth are grindingly awful. <br /> I've never been a fan of Bill Murray, and her garbage like this that justifies my feelings towards her. Do not get me wrong, I liked the Ghostbuster, who did just three years after this movie. But this just success Bill Murray got up really. I can safely say that I have not wasted my time so blatant as this has since seen the first run in Delta forces on here, though these movies are more in common than you would think. For 1 thing, they have both horrible action sequences from beginning to end, and 2nd. They are both riddled with cheesy cheesy, at all. <br /> One thing, these guys are supposed to be in the "US Army". But they are allowed to bend around Camps, Willy Nilly, seducing military film military officers, and immediately shagging them into the General Quarters. Talk about Random! This movie is just awful for what I'm afraid. Now, do not get me wrong, I have no feminist feminism, but the fact that these two women actually fall hand on the heels of love with the two characters shortly after arrest, let them go free ... Twice, it's just insulting in the female race. The fact that one hairy tatty, fat lipstick (winger) fat and her wiggling it may simply sweetly talk themselves into the panties MP, in which they fall madly in love and two of them are nothing short of ludikrous. > <br /> Then there is the training scene, where you get to meet the Squad "Phycho" that unconvincingly threatens to kill anyone who touches him or her stuff, followed by the overweight (play by late candy with great John) who claims he went into the army to "avoid paying $ 400 for anger management classes". Leading Murray pays tribute to the "War Toe," (WTF?) 'Drill Seargent' that was honestly unable to organize a better $$ up in a brewery, let alone its group of recruits. All this scene serves to perform prelude loads in battle scenes, and those who say "way to go holes' ass!" all the time, etc etc. The scene then brings about showing the ragged floor rage to perform dry tests at the top of the attack course, which leads to a scene where one of them wildly shoots in the air of some than birds with an assault rifle, peppering a tower look and bullets. (Just like that .. Yep, told you this film was o ... It miraculously saved unrestricted as well ...) Eventually leading up the passing parade, where the hapless squad makes a magical spin in the space of two for hours. (Bugger Me, Miracle!) Thank you to some wise words from Murray, where they then run a massively never military as dance routine in front of a 'General' Geriatric in front of the rest of the squad. All this in the immense delight of the two girlfriends on the stand, who really would have been arrested ... Everyone laughed it off though. This bit has nothing short of amazing though. He then chooses to guard a new multi-million dollar prototype Shutter Vehicle in Italy (which turns out to be just a mobile home painted green with loads of gadgets on the inside), claiming "This is exactly what the Army this need! " right ... .. Then there is the final direction, where Murray and Ramis decide to steal this self-secret Military Vehicle Prototype to pick up the newly acquired MPs and a few extra MPs in Germany. In that capitals of Hapless (John Larroquette) then get out and lead the squad of cool recruiting on a retrieval mission for this car. Where they then took a "wrong turn" en-route and ending in the Soviet Union made Czech, where they were captured. (Like we did not see that coming ...) So start a rescue attempt by Ramis and Murray birds in hand, in which is where a great battle, loads of shooting from the hip and blowing their tanks. With them coming back as National Hero, outraging the Russians by calling them "pussies," etc. etc. the end. Right. No martial strokes, nothing. They only steal a Military Vehicle Prototype, drove it to a Warsaw Park and almost caused an International incident that could have sparked WW3! <br /> This movie is honestly more fun being diagnosed with a terminal disorder. I know it means it's a comedy, it's got all the right actors, but where's hell is it? Can Channel 5 Cut These Bits Out? The only feature of this movie is to use the repetition of naked women, shower and moth wrestling. (as I said, Random) Not that it helps to divert from the fact that this is an absolutely crap movie, of course. This movie should most really be aimed at the 9 year old, unfortunately, we have to watch it instead. 1 star from 10 - total track. My advice, do something a little more useful with your time. Like Castrating Yourself ...
