I just saw "If?" I can remember the ads for the movie from 1968, so I was interested in finally seeing it. It may be the perspective of an American who never goes to a British public school and misses some of their social references, but I thought the film was awful. For one thing, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire movie for the much ballyhooed-to-the-riot riot outside. For another, if the last scene is real or imagined, what happens is not a riot, but a shooting rampage. There's quite a difference. <br /> I know it may be bad form to judge a movie about subsequent events, but one can not avoid doing it here. Someone who wrote a post poster posted asking us not to compare the film sequel to the incidents at Columbine High School and Virginia Tech. But if there is a scintilla in the difference between Klebold, Harris and Hot on the one hand and Travis (Malcom McDowell) on the other, I simply can not see it. All four of them were under the scrutiny that the bullets will purge a f ___- up the world that they arogantly take no responsibility for. Which brings me to: why the hell are Travis and chums him even in a school so despicable? They are adults, or close to it. They are not in a military prison, like the prisoners of the "Hill", a better British movie from the same time. No one is forced to go to college and beat them in the whip, except perhaps an ambitious parent who needs a wake on their son's nature. I had the college opportunity to join a frat, except I could not stand to be unlucky, vicious orders by delinquents claiming to be my potential "brothers." I took the consequences of no "in" with the establishment that frats give, and I can not say I regret it. <br /> <br /> If Travis fancies herself the second coming in Lenin (whose photos unbearded hanging prominently in her room) she's free to go out and organize a fitter's union or work for Michael's feet in the next election . If he wants to be Jack Kerouac, then get on the road and start writing. What are the benefits that it gives the world of joyriding a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room? Sometimes revised have to be like those who respond to the stage of "Tango last in Paris" where Brando mopes on having got to a date with cow manure on his shoes. In the real world, the person said, a listener would say "Why do not you scratch it off? Change your shoes?" - Do not leave fictional characters to put a self-pity journey on you because you do not dare to point out a common-sense alternative to their actions. So it's here.
