Ah, the spirit of '68. The streets of Paris were running wild and rebellious, hippies were high on the spirit of love. How was Britain marked this age in radical and revolutionary? Erm, does not seem like it, my dear Old Blighty has been focusing on making movies on boys at boarding school. If ... there is the wrong facility. It has the oppressive uprising. What it lacks in contrast to the Parisien passion and HeadPripping hippies is any sense of excitement, except in its all-out its ammunition-and-gun weapon ending. <br /> <br /> Lindsay Anderson is the ... star ever -marvell Malcolm McDowell as one of three private school students who decorated the dormitories and pictures of Lenin and other radical leftovers. It is clearly an anti-fiction film in its illustrations of the upper-class evil bark that rules the roost and the antique autocratic practices in the public pish-chic school. What to do If ... strange though it is for all its radical sympathy, it does not clearly give us any sense of great tension between human descent and the school's despotic system, rather it's just kind of float: lack of conspiracy and lack of personality. <br /> <br /> Surrealist bits fade in and out periodically with the slide film out of black-and-white color again (is it due to the low budget or is it an artistic expression?), but the little the interests speak. All we find is the impressive departure where the young rebels reach for the rifles and shoot down the challenges of the establishment. Hooray! A revolution! In the last thing that requires a second thought, unlike the rest of this exercise in the morning school is up. <br /> <br /> If ... could be a powerful political statement, but as it is she shorts and only gathers any sense of direct interest at the end. Instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist in the late sixties, he only succeeded in being a sad documentary of upper-class British education. Anachi? Starting more like that, only the many visitors will want to stick to it after watching Si ... will be Lindsay Anderson.
