The British Public Schools system did not evolve only with the idea of ​​educating upper classes despite popular and widespread misconception. It was designed to produce managers and governors, civil servants and military to run the British colonies . These people were almost entirely recruited from middle classes. When public schools began to show their hurricanes in the aristocracy they were sending rather than being educated at home by teachers and governors as they had already been there.They tend to favor schools near "Town" so Eton and Harrow became particularly popular with that class of parents. Most public schools have taken students downstream of the social scale. Brown, perhaps the most popular public school student ever, was the son of a country country, not a belted Earl. So, in the late 1960s England, a nation in the post-colonial pogroms and the last flow of its commitment to its former dependent as quickly as Harold Wilson could slip through his "Gannex" Mac, Lindsay Anderson's "If" were welcomed by Jewish disasters by courage in the classes and drinks by everyone else. It must be remembered what is called the "summer of love" followed by a "non-event" event that left a few policemen in London with head hair and the U.S. Embassy with one or two broken windows, but absolutely nothing is achieved. So, when Mr Anderson's films arrived in the ancient revolutionary cinemas were vicariously revelations of what was seen as Mr Malcolm McDowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "Yo" despite the fact that he was mercilessly inflated down to the end, a The fate that would have undoubtedly had been successful was the success of the USEmbassy. The film said we had nothing new about Public Schools, Homosexuality, Intense Cold Intimidation, Sarcasm Patrician Professors, Funny Traditions. An all-too-familiar list .He declared to be a allegiance compared to Britain's corruption, crumbling society represented by school. Well, almost forty years in the same schools are still flourishing, the British social system does not change, "The October Revolution" was long forgotten except by those involved on one side or the other and Mr Anderson completed the "State Country" Trilogy has no effect whatsoever. If not any chance you should want to read a book about schoolboy who was Buck the system rather more successfully than Mr McDowell and his friends, and more lived to tell the story, finding a copy of "Stalky & Co" written by man The many-maligned poem "If" lent the name of Mr Anderson's film, a man born in colonial India, a man whose work is slowly being erupted from our literary history. The courses are quick to succeed in declaring him a non-human. Perhaps someone should start a revolution on that.
