There is a really good scene at Faat Kine. The title character gets into a discussion with another woman and after threatening, Faat Kine sprays her in the face. The scene works because the act is so unexpected, scarce, and rather funny at the same time. In one instance, writer / director Ousmane Sembene gives the audience an easy-to-character character, an exciting movie character that might be worth watching for two hours. At the scene, he presented a brave woman who is bold in his actions. For the rest of the movie, only the other things it seems to be present are tone of conflict. <br /> <br /> The tone is all over the place. It is really not all movies have clearly fit into a specific genre, but I do not think Faat Kine fits in any genre. Supposedly, it's a drama, though there are moments in these great comedies (the aforementioned spray of the figure) that it can not take seriously. On the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious subjects Sembene stacked in the picture. There is a way to successfully combine comedy and drama together. Unfortunately, Semebene does not get that balance. Instead, one scene after another drift just in one with another without much rhyme or purpose, leaving two different tone hanging in the wind. <br /> <br /> Fate Kine also had trouble running two hours with a final draw out final. The film ends with a large part of all the conflicting conflicts, but they do not resolve quickly. The scene lasts longer than any other scene, going on for probably twenty minutes. Because the rest of the scenes up to this point have been sinking, the final is particularly difficult to keep up with repetition begins early in the scene, making for a frustrating look look. <br /> <br /> Maybe I'm too tough on Faine Kine. I'm not the right audience. I felt nothing towards the characters and there was no connection to any part of the story. There are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. However, I could do that and so can not recommend it.
