A young man killed a young woman for no reason. The man's brother is imprisoned on charges that he was an accomplice, but quickly rescued. After escaping, the innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he codes his girlfriend on the plot. If this is not bad enough, the situation quickly makes a spiral down. <br /> This film has some good and very bad aspects. His most influential actress was Emily Haack. Put aside the fact it's naked in a fair amount of this movie, it presents itself as a decent actress with a very strong character. I see no reason he can not take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way. I was convinced he was a ruthless person. <br /> <br /> Also, the makers of this movie were very bold and pulled no punches. Nidite graphic (both male and female), coprophagia, and extreme thrust of violence do not close away. I love my horror films to push the boundaries a little, and this one ignores them all, joyfully jumping toward Gomorrah. Maybe it was too much, but I think they realized what they were looking for. But now, the negative aspects. First, and most noticeable, this film is very low budget and the quality of this movie shows. I can apologize that - the scheme was decent, the fine acting and in some films of lower quality actually made the movie more disturbing (a more realistic feel). So I will not reprimand them to have the low-grade equipment. What I'm going to reprimand for is the poor choice of vaccine. For no reason I can find out (besides plumping the movie), there are a large number of feet in a cemetery. I do not really know why, and I honestly started the throat at this point because it was so long and pointless. <br /> I also took issue with the title. The idea here was fooling the person thinking that this movie had some connection to the classic "i spit on your tone". Now there is a similar line to say the main character is the daughter of the woman from the other movie. And the terms are very wound the same (a woman gets revenge on men). But there is no firm connection and the reason that this title was chosen was for the video store client to think that they had found an end. This was deceptive and dishonest. <br /> <br /> My last complaint is that this scheme does not make any real sense. Not even a bit. A woman dies at the beginning for no reason. A prison escape finds the time to kidnap people to the torture, for no reason (because of her beloved girlfriend). The same man goes from very badly without explanation. Likewise, the female lead (Haack) turns out to be the normal person of a sad and sadistic person, for no reason at all, and against those who for the most part were only very mean it (a sacrifice offering sex drugs is wrong, but no means worth getting tortured for). <br /> Do not let this title fool you, or claim that the movie is incredibly shocking. Yes, some scenes were shocking, but the vast majority of the movie is dull and makes you want to take a nap. If you see it in the video store or on Netflix, just keep surfing. Or rent it, and we can sit around with ventilation over it for hours. You warned.
