Shlock-merchant Leo Fulci takes a change in speed by making a garbage, barely shuffling sword and movie fantasy film instead of his usual trashy, barely horror conference. <br /> A Wimpy Orlando Bloom type called Ilias, from some vaguely resembling ancient Greece to travel across the ocean caveman territories on some quest vaguely defined in evil battles, where it joins a love hunter's beasts battle-wolf and mutant minions of a vampiric topless sorceress evil. Wackiness they. The sorceress is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for himself. It sends various minions, each weirder than the last, after our heroes are in the end, striking a blow to cavemen everywhere. This movie has a steady stream of WTF? elements and moments. For some reason the film is all injected into soft focus and the picture is more disturbing by the constant presence of steam over the screen. This could be an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how all fake looks like. Either way, it fails. There is no atmosphere, unless it is one of serious illnesses and there is no hidden how all sounds like. The poultry soldiers people look like a poor man wookie. For some reason the director fell in love with the shots leaked in the air in slow motion, six million Man Man style, towards our hero when they attacked. There are probably about a dozen such shots in the movie and it gets goofier every time. The other minions of the topless sorceress, other than the generic leather clad, are some white white mutants that appear to be covered in cobwebs. Needless to say, they slow down with unthreatening and sounds like gay Hispanic, lisping Daleks. The struggles are resilient and compelling and the special effects are unpleasant. Oh yeah, the music is something cheap synthesis that the musicians of Doctor Who would be embarrassed to have used. <br /> <br /> Ilias, our nominal hero is bland and forgettable. It also looks like a complete wuss, especially with his revealing hindrance equip leather with great hair, and is clearly a moron. Sure, it's a dynamic shotgun with his magic bow, but it only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to fight the entire continent of evil. Needless to say, he runs out of arrows in minutes and has to be saved by the traditional sword and sorcerer, Mace. When he met Ilias he established himself as a solitary kind of solitaire, claiming that he had no friends, but no earlier you could say inactive suburban homeurotic are the peacock buddies, the nesty hills traipsen together. Mace promises to take Ilias with him in return for favorable bow related. Ilias asked where he was going. "Wherever I take," it is his answer. Good enough for Ilias. Mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite. He proclaims his great love and affection in animals, citing the usual thing about how he prefers them to people because people can soooo say. He says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but he will steal meat from others who have drifted down the animals. It is also not above random kill innocent passers-by for no good reason. Not long after they meet, he is testing out of Ilias' bow and the movie cut into some random caveman, his own business idea, walking along with his mace dead. There is no indication that this poor soul has done nothing worthy of this and even Ilias, who allegedly prevails from a most moral and civilized society by even raising an eyebrow. <br /> <br /> The villainess of film is quite amazing. For the entire movie it is completely naked except from a g-string and a gold mask that encompasses all its head. It's like Fulci included making a compulsive T & A quotation but it has decided to have a bit too much of a butterface in the last minute. She spends a lot of time being pleasured by her pet's snakes and dreams about being shot by an anonymous bow touching man dressed like Ilias. Wow, like senbism! Later in the movie he wimps out when he can not beat Ilia and Mace and promises to make himself sex slave in some ancient warrior dude if he killed them. Hardly the world's cruel world and not really a step forward for women's rights. I think it sic the creatures cobweb on our heroes and imitate Mace in a situation where there is no other people around but Mace fools. Is it really worth the self respect for Ocron? <br /> There are some other WTFs? moment. Most of them come towards the end of the movie. Ilias cleverly out, I forgot why, possibly allowing growth to get loaded, but to realize mistakes in his way, and returning to help Mace to fight the forces of evil. All in a sudden, for any reason, his bow can suddenly shoot out multiple targets to bolt into energy. The bolts can also be shot in solid rock when needed. Needless to say, he did a short job in the hordes of the bad guys who captured Mace. <br /> <br /> The highest score is rather meaningless. Mace decides to force Ocron's stay using the bow to target laser attack capabilities. He then is able to shoot Ocron from a mile away using his shot across stone capabilities. It starts to die. His mask is torn to reveal a scandalous Muppet head. She staggers around screaming and turning into a dog and wanders off with another dog. Mace smile. Red credit. <br /> Strange enough as far as these sponge swine budgets and this sorsellery film is unreasonably sane and concentrated. Anyone who saw Wizards in the Lost Kingdom can tell you how absolute and sophisticated movies can really be.
