Although being released on DVD by Blue Underground some five years ago, I never came across this Italian "Sword and Sorcery" article on late-night Italian television and, now that I saw it for myself I know exactly why. Not because of its typical typical director for extreme gore (in which some examples must be assured) or the fact that the handful of women in it topless parlor all the time (it is set in the black ages after all) is, quite simply, very poor thing indeed. In fact, I would go so far as to say that it can very well be the worst of its kind that I have seen again, and, believe me, I have seen so many (especially in recent years my breakout in the Venice Film Festival 2004)! Reading about how the film's failure at the initial release is believed to have led to its subsequent director (and regrettable) low low-budget careers, I can see the points: I can prefer pies Earliest Fulci's "jeyo" period (1968-77) in her horror stories (1979-82) was myself but even on the letter, his commitment was arbitrary. On the other hand, CONQUEST does not seem to inspire Fulci at least ?? See how she decided to drain the procedures with a staggering annoyingly ever, sending it with incongruent characters (cannibal vs werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated in a dangerous cannibal dinner just before witnessing slaves Meat-fed with the brains literally beaten with hairy antagonists!) and even some very unmatched intimacy between masking, brain-slurping the villainess (no wonder) and his reptilian little pets !! For it is worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young magic bow-carrying boy on some manifested-affirming odyssey (Andrea Occhipinti) and his rambling muscle-bound companion (Jorge Rivero ie Frenchy from Howard Hawks' RIO LOBO [1970]!) Who, despite being called Mace (short for Maciste, maybe?), seems to be simply the drop of cavewoman from time to time and for them Finding smaller protégé out of trouble (especially during a lot of unpleasant attacks in the 'nails'). Unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of lowbrow materials comes up short here as the former electronic goblin Claudio Simonetti's note notes seems awfully appropriate at times. Fulci even controversy gives film to a passionate audience coda and the surviving Beyt hero will haphazardly out of the desert (after beating one and all with the help of the magic all-important magic bow for his own assumed physical strength!) l '?? and thankfully unfilmed ?? adventure!
