A pattern named Laura is working in South America when she kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and caught in the jungle. They demand a great ransom to release him. Peter is hired to get his home safe and have a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl. Peter took to the jungle by helicopter and friend Jack. They try to give the fake money captives in return for Laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have bail out of the helicopter. The helicopter is fired and they also have bail out of which (do not go far away). Also roaming the jungles is a spirit of quality. In fact it's just a black guy guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem. It starts killing a few of the kidnappers and Laura Night only to be captured by some primitive. The rest of the film is a bit of a blur really. Now, I'm not a massive Jess Franco fan, in fact to date this is the second film of it I've seen, but even I can say that this really is not one of his best efforts. The films are dragged together at a very slow speed without much at all. The whole thing could be edited down easily at a 25 minute TV show. There are many long shots in people walking in the jungle that might just have got straight out. <br /> <br /> Devil Hunter is poorly lit (Infact I do not think it has been lit at all), seriously armed, wrong and slow down again for some reason it did not do me. I think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it. For example a scene where Laura is walking on the street was obviously shot in a real street as crowds of people stopped looking at the camera's view as to shoot it. Another funny scene has one of the gang of deaths, hanging in a bloody tree down as one of her friends standing directly under her screaming for what seems like minutes. Then for no reason at all the man in the tops of the trees just fell in and hit the guy under him. He must see to be believing. Then of course there is the real devil. It's just some nude black guy that despite the fact that he has massive eyes, he has very blurred vision. The movie was tuned to a part of the nasty video scary of the 80's here in the UK and was banned. Now why is it I have no idea. There are very few in hand and it's hardly a shocking movie. Less negligence I would say he could get away with a PG almost. The only thing I can think of is that it never actually looked and added to the original list because of word lips. There is not much reason to watch this movie really unless you're a massive Jess Franco fan. There are plenty of stripping to keep you in falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad you can have a good laugh at them but other wise I might say just pay for a South American ticket and get lost in a jungle. It would probably be more fun. <br /> <br /> 3/10
