Do you know all the letters of "Father Christmas" and "Jesus" that are sent each year? Well, it turns out that they do not actually deliver but fall into a half-forgotten corner of the rotating office unless some shiny figures come out of a way to post them. As a rare environment goes, it is a winner and one who perfectly suits the unusual movie which is "Letter Office Letter". Having said that, this is obviously an Australian film as opposed to a British one. If it was Royal Mail, most letters get this sort of treatment anyway. I have not been in this dish for two years and we are still receiving letters to Mr Wang, a few priests of the Church of the Day of Never-Heard-Of-You and various catalogs for industrial equipment addressing a plumbing company. <br /> <br /> The letter "Dead letter" (the name provides the place where unmistakable mail ends) follows the story of Alice (Miranda Otto) who grew up in a seriously divided home. Writing from her absent father, she only learns in adulthood that her letters have not been saved for one reason or another. So logically, it gets a job at D.L.O. and finds himself working alongside other social scrapbooks including Frank Lopez's Chilean chanting chancellor (George Del Hoyo). Slowly, he finds himself drawn to him, but can find his father's place without bringing the independent world to the Dead Milk Offices at his knees? <br /> There is nothing against this movie but I was reminded of God-awful Heather Graham movie "busy" while watching this movie. However, this is so much better than piles of crap horse but then again, that's not difficult. For a start, this movie is much more logical. True, the metaphores are somewhat blatant with the underground symbol quickly become a flood. But at least this is itself and original without being completed. It is also well-acting. Both Otto and Del Hoyo are very good as lovers are looking for something they know they will never find while other characters are peripheral at best. Part of the problem is that it seems to wrap up far too fast, leaving this viewer a bit disappointed. The other part is that when you consider Australia's political immigration policy (therefore, if you do not speak english, shelves!), Such a story is easy to take place in reality. The other characters, unfortunately, also help to destabilize the realism by proving to be little more than summer-energy ball. <br /> <br /> Although, "Milk Letter Office" is certainly a little different. It could not taste everyone from my love. Yes, it was renowned and predictable but sometimes it was good to watch an unfilmed or violent movie or heavy homework and swearing (there is no chance for that in an Australian movie). There is no bigger laugh, there's no bullet time and the characters are usually one dimension. But it's the story that counts here and while it does not earth-crush in its magnificence, it's a great way to spend the time. It's equivalent to the movie in a CD Sheryl Crow - beautifully listened to now and again, but you would not really miss it if it was not there.
