The problem with the "Elite Killer" is that just does not look for this movie out, and investing time to look at it, you'll put more effort into the experience than many of its principal performers, particularly director Sam Peckinpah. /> The already volatile Peckinpah has been titled in rough weather with this movie. According to at least one biographer, this was where she came to know cocaine. Add to that repeat it, and it's not surprising these things fall apart. <br /> It's a shame, because the concept behind the film is good, and the first ten minutes promise a lot. Mike Locken (James Caan) and George Hansen (Robert Duvall) are private contractors who perform a lot of work for the CIA. They move quickly, live well, and look like the best of friends - then something happens to break their fraternity. <br /> An opening scene shows them blowing up a building - why exactly we have not said, par for the course in terms of film movie motivation. But the implication is these guys hurting people and not really care - antiheroes much like the wild bunch of Peckinpah's not-long-ago. An opening title tells us to work for ComTeg, then adding and obvious to a cheek "... thinking that the CIA can employ an organization for any reason is, of course, preposterous." This is a very smart way to let the audience know all the bets off. <br /> <br /> Ads and a traditionally strong Peckinpah backup, including Burt Young, Gig Young, and Peckinpah Regular Bo Hopkins in the role of a fool who can not spend an opportunity to shoot in for $ 500 per day, and you only want the scriptwriter, including Silliphant Sterling's cell, tried to do something more with the story than turning it into a platform for a lazy-liners and bad knockoff socky knockoffs. An attempt to inject a dose of liberal social comment is malady about. "You are so busy doing their dirty work, you can not tell who the bad people are," someone says Locken, as if either he or she needs to point out. <br /> <br /> Worse still the peckinpah's clumsy direction and sluggish rhythm. We are 40 minutes from the movie before we get our first battle scene, a completely chaotic collection of random shots where a lot of people we do not even encounter before fighting in San Francisco Airport, combining their fights with a conversation in a office suite. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, what left at the cast will have a fight inside a fleet of mothballed Victory sticks, ninjas run out of the open to be darling down while Caan tosses off one Material that cuts any hint of real suspension. "Lay my seven-to-five, I'll take the little guy," she wisecracks just before a samurai duel clash between two ninja warriors - from China, which we all know is the land of the ninja. (The battle takes place in San Francisco, but surprisingly there is no Mounties to break things.) Caan is better at smaller scenes, such as Locken, retrieve it from some nasty injuries, not one of his bosses, Playing a Hill Hill list, being "Humpty-cast" by the organization. Caan refused to stay down, with his recovery scene, though momentum-killed for the movie, featuring fine acting in her hand with Amy Heflin, the daughter of Van, as a supportive nurse. Caan was one of the 1970s' best actors, with his biophonic and Heflin, Duvall, Hopkins, and both Youngs giving real "Watchability" Elite Killer. <br /> But you do not look at "elite killers" thinking about that. You look it thinking of the movie that has gone.
