'No one knows anybody' is a thrilling theory of concentration on a satanicist / black bomber aiming for religious festivities in Seville during Holy Week. He also happens to be the best friend of the movie hero. The plot is set up by the bomber as a computer game, and himself and the hero as players, and Seville as the virtual environment. Many real streets and streets of the city begin to take on the maze types of these old-style pockets. Watch this way, the scene where the hero and his girlfriend sidekick are chased by penitent black-caps and rayguns can not seem as funny as he plays. <br /> From the start, we know that the narrative is being constructed as a game - the hero's task is to create crossword puzzles for a popular newspaper; At one point, the crossframe on his screen becomes the chessboard on which he is later playing against his girlfriend's father. The investigations are liberally dispersed, as the camera mystifizly closes in on images that are only later shown to be significant (such as the announcement of the bar). The detective elements / paper chasing were part of a game of progress, rather than an investigation after the fact. The film lends heavy on the model 'Se7en' model, and anyone with a Catholic education will presumably gain meaning in some events happening in days to run through to EAster. In this reading, the game is on the level of narrative, and the hero fight against an enemy (in this case, the computer) to win and save the day. But there is a second game, the movie itself, which subsidizes the first. There is another series of clues that point out not to the killer, but the movie and her hero. In the first ten minutes there are references to chess, a writer called Navokov and a cult leader called Sarin. If we recall that the 1930's Schess-Love 1930s pseudonym Nabokov was Sirin, we see another game afoot, a place we suspect not the villain, but the hero himself. <br /> In a Nabokov novel like 'Talking Fire', an author-figure creates a text designed to hide its own motives, provoking a game between writers and readers to discover the real text. Throughout the movie are scenes that are visually distorted (such as the image contract), or defining the dream and delusions that we suspect the hero's point of view. The opening references to the games all linked to him. In the early sequences, many are made in the sexual impairment and creative character, so the movie might try him to master his life, to be a winner, in a way he can not be real. No sooner had the game passed than its writer's block disappeared; The words he kind are the title of the movie, suggesting that he is the author in general. Further, this title in Spanish is reflected on his own negative, a very incredible Nabokovian that suggests a hero, such as Kinbote, trapped in his own solecism. This mix of post-modern literature (Borges, Eco, Pynchon and al-both), Fincher, 'X-Files', 'Run Lola Run', Chris Marker (the idea of ​​town and its history as a map and a text; and as a cultural story hooking the present) Bunualian anti-clericism, and Alex's film of 'Iblesia' resulted in a film that is just that, a mix, each element -Electrically canceled component eliminates the last out, dissipating interest. The lack of clarity about the game's rules makes it incomprehensible, and eventually wear. <br /> <br /> Ironically, in a work of artificial excess, the main film's interest lies in its adequate documentary, as a record of a narrative taking place in a real city and its own event take place independently. As a bloat of reality and fiction can create a masterpiece like 'Soleil Soleil' or 'London', but ultimately, you need to have a touch light to match your intelligence.
