Vampires Vs. Zombies start with the news breaking that the disease identified that spread across America's left suffering and homicide trends & cannibalists ... Travis Fontaine (CS Munro) & Her daughter Jenna (Bonny Giroux) listened to the radio as they drove along isolated road backwoods try and escape the disease when Travis runs on a guy I assume is meant to have a zombie. A little further down the road he stopped to help Julia (Brinke Stevens) and her daughter Carmilla (Maratama Carlson) who got up the roadside, at this point there is also a third young girl named Tessa (Melanie Crystal ) sitting at the back of Julia's tide & gagged. For me this situation would seem strange, but Travis, like the trooper he is, takes it all in his stride & agrees to 'take' Carmilla from Julia and, well I do not know actually. So with a complete stranger, Travis drives off leaving Julia & Tessa. Carmilla looks like a beautiful girl but she turns out to be a Vampire & she loves to bite people & turn them into vampires, oh & it's part of a bit of lesbianism too. Travis, Carmilla & Jenna continue to travel while some guy called himself the General (Peter Ruginis) who seems to have some sort of Vampire killer and probably have something to do with it all, but the movie is like a mess it's not really Subjects and I really do not know how to carry on this scheme plan as myself hurts just thinking about it ... <br /> <br /> Co-editing, co-executives produce, write & run by superb la Vince D'Amato Vampire Vs. Zombie is one of the worst horrors movies & that's one of the worst movies ever. The script by D'Amato has apparently been based on a classic story called 'Carmilla' by Sheridan Le Fanu (it should sue) and is an absolute mess, the holes of the scheme & the logic are so great could drive a tank into them! What is the disease that gets people of zombies? Why is Carmilla a vampire? Who is Julia? Who the hell is the General? What does he want? Where to Travis & Jenna Going? How can Travis run someone & yet do not have the slightest bit of human emotions about it? What's with the mental ward in the end? There are also some confusing dream sequences & needed to just animate the viewer even more. There are just so many things wrong with this movie, the narrative does not make a little blind in essence, the concept is awful and never really explains it's much too boring. I do not have any positive things to say about Vampire vs. Zombie, not one. Forget about any zombie fighting vampire because it just does not happen, tell me again why this movie called Vampires vs. Zombies? <br /> <br /> Director D'Amato has served up one of the most incompetent, rubbishy, ​​seriously done, poorly thought out & excited to look gloomy ever. Vampires Vs. Zombies really have no kind of redress at all, there is not one aspect that I can praise. The Gore is really fake looking, some blood separation looks like red, some really cheap stocks are stored & a minimum of decent largest zombie occasions on the Carmilla & Triple Jenna, this gory scene is probably the party at best of all the horrible movie but it only lasts for a couple of minutes & in no way make up for the 85 other turgid. <br /> <br /> The Budget on Vampires vs. Zombies must have been small, in fact it even has a budget because most of it is placed on a road in a couple of cars. This is one of the most bad films that made it my misfortune to watch, everything is just absorbed. The act is terrible adventure, and I mean terrible. There are many other things to say, Vampires Vs. Zombie is easy one of the worst movies ever to do. The (V) next to the title on the IMDb's main page for Vampires Vs. Zoimbies indicated that he went straight to video, well in far too good for this pile of crap as he deserved to go straight to the nearest fire.
