Oh it really really. I saw the film that I do not like most, because of any reason, but never saw a movie that just fails in every single aspect of film making. He even failed to make the film fail, in a way Hercules in New York could say they did. It's not the movie I love the least, but it is the worst movie I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> The act is the first thing to hit you. I have never seen a worst movie that has been acting on pornography. In fact I have many pornographic films that act a damn site better than that. It's really horrible. <br /> Technically, it's terrible. The camera-work is unprofessional. The correction is meaningless. I assume that they could not afford good sound equipment, and this means that each scene of a car (and there's plenty of them) have to drive at about three miles per hour and each scene set out by the patch Even in woods (and there are a lot of them too) is actually armed in a studio, yet lending more to the vibe of malicious pornography. The plot is nonsensical, as many have been pointing out. I will defend vampires walking in the daytime by the fact that although it was popularized by Nosferatu, this was never originally an intrinsic part of the vampire mythos. Speaking of mythos vampires, the writer was obviously Carmilla, or at least seen Vampire Lovers. I'm not sure how I feel about this, came out to impress that a movie this headdress has at least some aspirations in a gothic novel I'm very fond of; or annoyed by its best sledgehammer reference and the worst total desecration of source material. At least the 'General' is a reproach of Peter Cushing though. <br /> It gets two stars however, simply because I can not bring myself one vote for a movie that has, or at least pretend to have, both vampires and zombies in it. In the meantime, I watched Lifeforce (another film that tenuously has vampires and zombies in it) on the same day as this, and despite being a movie rather flawed, really comes out a leader compared to this. In the end, this is not a movie so bad it's good, or so bad it's in any way enjoyable, even drunk. It's just a mess, and worth no-one's time watching.
