The first I must stress how scarcely it is that I took the time to comment on a movie that I saw, taking a very special case for me to take the time and write about how I felt about a movie. That said, in hundreds of movies I watched I saw some of the glamorous, Shawshank, scariest, the woman in Black, Funniest, Shark Attack III: Megaladon, and now the worst: Vampire Vs zombie. br> <br /> The first thing to be said is that this movie is not funny! For those who are looking for a smart light movie that will just be fun or at least in many ways that it's funny, look elsewhere. It is true that a movie like this is not trying to be subtle and brighter, with a title like this you should know what you are entering. That said, there is no excuse for a movie to abandon any and all rules governing the film making the world. This is not a discussion of the traditional movie making process with more and more "mastered" methods of creating a movie, this is a discussion of bad guys and companies being responsible for making horrible movies. The film suffers from saying "I do not know where to begin." Surely everything about this movie is broken. From the acting and the correction there is no reason that any movie should ever fail to deliver a series of events like Vampires vs. Zombies. Some of these problems are; 1. Scenes - It's clear that the director, the camera crew and the actors were not on the same page. In one particular stage the scene begins with the camera resting on the ground looking at the passenger side door of a car. You're waiting for the inside inside to get out, but there's one, and this is no exaggeration, 10 second, at least, the delay between the camera comes over and the director says "action" to where anything happens on the screen. The viewer leaves in a car door forever with no sound, no movement, just stereotypes "when the dead" is radio or TV scary comedy. Where was the correction? 2. Aid A forgery offense in most cases, you can not expect a movie like this has Oscar winners after all, but vampires vs zombies take bad action at one level of every other. These "actors" were barely able to read the scripts obviously because anyone with any abilities and talk could pronounce the best lines than those fools. My only comparison to act would be to make the opening scene from Resident Evil on Playstation. But acting was even better. <br /> <br /> 3- History - Wait, what? History? Again you can not expect this to be the biggest story ever Say, but is it too much to ask that we have some pretend to be a narrative? Why the Vampires? Who are the characters? Who are the bad guys? Are there good guys? Why all the lesbians? But most importantly, what's the deal with the zombies? If you've seen this movie then you will understand what I mean, but to those who do not have me to groan, there is no zombie in this movie aside from maybe five minutes into it. It was almost as if the director forgot about the movie name and was forced to throw some zombies into explanations at the very end. <br /> <br /> There are many more, but I hope I've done enough to keep anyone from viewing this movie.
