The top seemed to be a more appropriate title when I and my suicide bomber decided to look at this masterpiece of scams damn <br /> <br /> Erotic, scary, stop, well thought out, these are all things These films do not have to be. It is however incredibly funny, the sound effects slow and bad duplication added to this one of the greatest comedies I've seen in recent years. But this movie does not even try to be funny and that is one of the grand cinema achievements, it becomes a comedy without even trying to entertain. <br /> In all the movie an old guy looks amazingly as Santa Claus goes around working on zombies and smashing vampires in the ground. This has made me fail to believe the movie title, if this vampire vs zombie was why the vampires and zombies did not fight? Oh, too, besides, there was more flaw in this rental than the title. Like this one; There was a quick virus in America creating zombies like beings that go to act a lot like your average tourists. But there are only four zombies in the entire movie. Another problem is besides one shop everywhere is desert. Surely you would see zombie roaming over in the woods or in the background a bit. In fact I believe they just drove around in a circle of jungle over and over since they did not have a high-budget film enough in a wider place, or the director did not want to waste his precious time Filming in different wild areas she was busy sitting in a jerking trailer cut to be bothered with these trivial matters. In fact the director had so much fun doing that he did not have enough time to hire a big enough to throw or even an editor. So he told eight members of the dress to dress like different people and try not to act inconspicuously, also assume he changed his name and began randomly off of the reel movie "correction is not a hard job anyway ? " The only reason this "movie" was found in the way in our sack was because somehow we got it confused with Freddy vs. Jason, weird how things happen to be not it. And the only way we did it even though overnight was not strapping gas fuel on them and bolting them into our skulls to avoid stinking in this messy mess. <br /> Oh yes we made laugh at the end, but i'm sure one does so much when she lost her sanity ...................
