Although it really is not like a tremendous movie (especially considering it made directly to TV distribution), it will be very difficult to point out one aspect of "Bloodsuckers" that is actually original or refreshing. The space vampire is not exactly a new formula, and even after many cinemas dealing with these monsters in this particular environment, there is still a seemingly accomplished it's an extremely stupid quote that can not possibly result in a half-horror movie decan. "Bloodsuckers" even go one step further and shamelessly imitate all imaginative motion pictures that either turn on vampires and intergalactic wars. The plot and the characters are mostly stolen directly from John Carpenter's "Zombie Mars" and James Cameron's "Foreign", as a crew of the futurist vampire crusader hunters in space and regularly holding out a mutant species that specifically called themselves after notorious horror icons, such as the Voorhees and the Leatherfaces. The good guys are a lot of pathetic stereotypes, constantly dealing with clichéd issues and endlessly discussing matters seriously. Captain Damian is the popular rookie, who will really have to prove his leadership skills now after more or less responsible for the death of the previous (and far more loved) Captain Churchill. The other characters harassed include a typical cowboy style and trigger cheerful pilot macho, a female warrior who has more balls than any of the boys on board (it's Asian descent, like the girl of "Aliens" was Latino ) and most of the army of secret weapons: a blade girl! Quintana is a beautiful and very dangerous vampire who has chosen the side of humans. It can spot the enemy when they are still light-year-round and can also hurt the sexy things and dream to somebody. They eventually all learn to work as a team when forced to face the ultimate vampire-Meanie: Michael Ironside (in yet another diminished role). "Bloodsuckers" is an unstoppable movie stupid, but it manages to entertain as long as it presents gory assassinations, infantile dialogue and OTT make-up effects. It only becomes intolerable boring when frustrated soldiers blame the captain for the omen time and bla bla bla. This film is a series of non-stop libelous and overlooked glimpses, but at least it's look.
