Man has reached further reach to the ground and now he is traveling to new worlds. But with new world coming formerly wrong ... the vampires in space. And it's not just a small branch, but all the tribes. In this film (which I saw as "Bloodsuckers" but I guess also goes as "Vampire War") we see what happens when the imperialist earthlings satisfy the imperialists vampires. <br /> I will make this review very short because it is recorded in a good review. The best I can say for this film is having a good cast in b-list and upcoming stars. Natassia Malthe was Quintana, and it was far more attractive here than the "Bloodrayne 2". Michael Ironside is Muco, and is still a favorite fan (as I say, he is Jack Nicholson's poor man). And we find Carrie-Ann Fleming as "Damian's wife", which horror fans will now be recognized as the eponymous Jenifer from Dario Argento's "Jenifer". So this movie, as bad as it is, is not without some name attached ... but the same can be said of Uwe Boll's work. <br /> The concept of military tracking and killing vampires in space is not necessarily a bad idea, but it's easy to fall into the "cheese" domain and this movie falls hard. Acting, especially in the vampires, is on the top and I just did not find the explanations of their existence very compelling. Worst of all, the Vampires tribes have the names "Voourhess" and "Leatherfaces". I understand this was supposed to be a smart reference for the horror fans, but it was not smart at all. It just sounded mute and out of place (unlike the more subtle references of James Gunn's "Slither", such as named after lesser-known Horror Director). That's all I mean. If you can stop many cheeses (to this day I could not and I come from Wisconsin) and want to see average actors and poor costumes fighting vampires in space (although "space" looks like a lot like any other jungle earth) check this one out, if you can find it. I do not personally recommend this when you can watch another film vampire movie (Jon Carpenter's "Vampire") or other movie space cheese. Or maybe even some good. But hey, do your things.
