I saw this a couple of nights back, do not wait too much with surprises and did not deliver anything too interesting. The plot set up in a crew of vampire hunter (V San, for vampires sanitation), go to the periodic vessels killing steam space and salvage people, is quite sound and the movie was occupying best it might well have been a good thing Ace. Unfortunately after a fairly decent opening essence of current quality begins to drain away from the movie, leaving something behind that, though vacant vacationers are quite bad treatments. I do not expect anything too special from those films that pop up on the Sci Fi Channel and at least this was not one of the animal's features and a cgi animal catcher shambling over, but it was still very bad, mainly due to writing and acting, but with a sterling contribution to the cruelty overall made by the horrific music. When the film went just for a typical science fiction sounding adequate noise to the soundtrack he did OK, but all too often hilariously evil soft rock scene inclined and up to silliness. I would tolerate the general whipping act and write more was it not for the choice of music, which was a serious miscalculation, turning things from lame to funny comedy. In the act, Dominic Zamprogna was OK, but harassed as the nominal hero, also Leanne Adachi was very disappointing as the hard girl in the busting steam team and Aaron Pearl played another member who was not well written or interesting enough to do an impression. Though it did not seem that the good act of acting Natassia Malte did well to have a less disappointing character than the others, and the fact that it is seriously beautiful to look at. The only serious name in the cast is Michael Ironside and it is underused though it does make it nicely, pretty entertaining in a single way suspiciously intentional. It seems to have fun and earn its checks and its role is fun. Their effects are OK on the whole, at least in the standards of the science fiction television show on average, and there are also a few scenes of blood splatter and a bit of fun gore too. Things move along nicely, and I almost feel the pepper's rating badly badly, but then I recall the burst of laughter at regular intervals and can accomplish that unless the movie is an intentional comedy, which I do not think it is, then it simply does not succeed. Too many are lame, non-compelling, it's an OK effort I guess but it did not appeal to me. Just give it a go if you really dig Sci Fi trash or seek unintended I would say.
