Bloodsuckers have the potential to be a bit decent movie, the concept of military type tracking down and fighting vampires in space is one with some potential in the cheesy way of things. Even the idea of ​​the universe being filled with various kinds of vampires, all with different attributes, many of which the characters have yet to get out on are kind of cool as well. As how most of the life of the galaxy outside the earth is vampires, I'm not sure how the musicians were meant for that at work, given the nature of vampires. Who the hell are meant to be eating over if almost everyone is a vampire I do not know. As it is the film comes across a low budget mix of Firefly / Serenity and Vampire Cinema with a Grip of Foreign. The action pieces of the movie are pretty average and derivative (particularly in serene) but beams are reasonably well executed and have enough gore for a vampire movie flick, including some of the comic blood spouting. There are a lot of stuff stuff, most of which are tedious, from conflict between characters that are mostly like whiny, fratike arseholes - mostly cowboy dudes and Asian women. There are a few character scenes that actually work with the actors do not play it too seriously but it mostly slow down things down. A nice try of fleshing the characters out but people do not watch a movie called Bloodsuckers for character development and drama. Acting is actually okay. Michael Ironside hams it up and it is as fun to look as ever and at least in a couple of hot women. SFX in space is not too bad for what is clearly a low budget work. The story is again very average and derivative but as I said the world created has a little bit of potential. How to Set Up Bloodsuckers really looks like the pilot for a dynamic TV-driven character, the world is presented, but not explored, etc. <br /> <br /> The movie has a few highlights and scratch-type moments things that actually make these dodgy mountable production. - The scene where our heroes enterogate a chocolate bearded creature animal animals. Hilarious. - "The sex scene." WTF indeed. The Credit "and Michael Ironside as Muco." The most annoying aspect of it all though it's really awful and usually the pop music played is very loud more than half the scene of the movie. It is painful to listen and only detracts from what's just the best average. <br /> <br /> Basically a humble look is you up for something cheesy, though it's just for the "chestburster" scene.
