Although the actors were good, especially Fritzi Haberland as Lilly's blind, the movie script is obsessively firefighting and completely arbitrary. A famous theater director (Hilmir Snær Guðnason), becomes blind after a car crash, is on the run for himself and his destiny. Lilly, who was without birth since his birth, is teacher for blind, and wants to "see" again. (The blind see with the fingers, nose and ears.) This film will become a roadmovie; and the longer the road gets, closer to the developed relationship, which has been predictable from the beginning of the film. The theater director is on the road to his mother (Jenny Gröllmann). Her mother lives somewhere in Russia on the sea and performs artistic installations - of course, what should she do other! - and still lives, because she waits for her son to die. My God! This is destinies! <br /> Finally, the son has arrived! Mum is celebrating a feast! At the beach. Wind is blowing with a pianist playing on a real piano in the middle of a dune. Yes, they celebrate my adieu. The son reached up to time. Mothers can finally swallow the seeds administered by a very nurses. Now a great artist can die in the arms of his great-great-great-great-grandson son, speaking sad souplings on living in German perfect, while the son will respond with a rough accent. Because the child can not see, he does not fall in love the nurse, - the movie script would become too complicated! - but looking for Lilly on the way back to the house. Parallel to this roadmovie sister in Lilly, staying at home is asking a gawky schoolmate deflower him, who has the first booze himself to dare. The occasion is favorable. Because Maman (Tina Engel) is on travel with lover in Lilly, Paul (Harald Schrott). After Lilly, they brought him back. Paul and Lilly mothers do not fall in love, because the movie's scripts become too complicated. The movie script scarcely makes out to Paul something outstanding too. I would suggest an architect or pianist, or a famous one! When they finally find Lilly, they want to convince him, back to Paul, because he has two eyes to see and is able to take care of him. But Lilly felt in his student's love, the director of the theater; I mentioned, that it was even a popular theater director? <br /> This is German film art! As you can see in this firefighter production, the German funding subscription fund is not always producing good films, because they are just like the kind of pseudo intellectual film. This film is really embarrassing. I have the impression that the movie script has been paved together in some highbrows in coffee shops and restaurants. Everyone has the right to contribute. Probably also, Til Schweiger has contributed to some intellectual flash of understanding, being a co-producer. I was reminded by this movie script of another German film of sheer pain: "Barfuss" - already the spelling of the title is not good! "Bafi" DVD cover written with pride: "A Til Schweiger Film". This film also received subsidy from Filmstiftung NRW, Filmförderung Hamburg and the FFA. <br /> <br /> Please do not spoil your time with this movie! There are really good films in Germany. Look out for movie directors such as Marcus H. Rosenmüller, Joseph Vilsmaier, Hans Steinbichler, Hans-Christian Schmid, Faith Akin.
