I hold this Cuban movie in an art film club. It was shown shortly after the funny comic symphony 1935 magician where the Isle of Symphony was reconciled to the Isle of the Jazz. What and recently Ruben Gonzalez's death of speakers in this old cinema-sweeping balloon with a Cuban flag hanging from stucco stucco motif rocaille, the scene was set for a celebratory celebration of engaging cinema and syncing craft in the idioms of Helms-Burton. But then the movie started. And the paint paint film gradually became more interesting than the shoddy chaos on the screen. <br /> <br /> The storyline of Nada Mars promises very much. Carla is an energetic envelope in a Cuban post office. It only escapes from a humdrum existence as long as it is purloin and rewrites, transforming the basic interpersonal grunts into brutal outbursts of emotional emotions. Achieve numerous shots of Cuban photographers who have managed to deal with joy, grief, mercy, horror and love. <br /> <br /> The problem is that the simplicity of the narrative narrative is not endlessly excited by films of artiness, latino caricature, marx slapstick and even - during a particularly underwhelming correction trick - the celluloid scratch in a downgraded schoolkid a character's face. <br /> <br /> Unidimensional characters have a lot. Cunda, the post office boss, is a domesticated dominatrix-nosferatu. Accompanyor the boss-eyed, arch, diverse finger point, eavesdrops and screeches. Cesar, dolt the metalhead with romantic interest, reveals written talent writing when Carla lives for Miami. A chasing scene (in oh-so-hilarious-fast forward) is thrown in for good measurements. All of this should be fine in a comic strip Mortadello and Filemon, but in a black-and-white Zero-FX flicker film and highbrow pretense. Nada Mas attempts to combine the type somewhere between 'squirrel-heroine-matchmakes-aliens' in Amelie and 'poetry-like-great-salvation' theme in Il Postino. Like Amelie, its protagonist is one unique white girl who combats next spinsterdom by trying to bring magic into the lives of aliens. Like Il Postino, the film does not flinch from the ritual content of poetry and a factor on a bicycle takes a romantic lead. Unfortunately, Nada Mas fails to capture the lushness and transience of either movie. <br /> There are two things that might deserve watching this movie in a late-night TV Stupor. The first is opening upside in Carla on a square-tiled floor, which cut into the crossword puzzle it works on. The second is seeing Nada Mars as an example of proof: our post Buena Vista Social Club Mania and Cuban artistic production can often shine us in accepting any droplets that feature a bongo on the soundtrack. This film should not deserve a global release - films such as waiting lists and Guantanamera cover similar territories far more successfully.
