The invisible man is a fantastic movie from 1933, a cut edge movie for his time where objects appear in the rest of a man who was really invisible. Going ahead, taking a look at the movie, you'll be shocking that he did in 1933, he was the first true film of special effects. Come 2000, computers help special effects seem to play the child, the audiences are not blown away by special effects, rather they are disappointed if they do not do the right thing. The special effects of Hollow Man, HG Wells's story update, are OK, but not the biggest problem with this movie directed by Paul Verhoeven, who you might remember from Showgirls and Total Recalls. Kevin Bacon plays Sebastian Caine, a world renowned scientist in bio-invisibility (yeah, I know that is not a word), but of course fighting higher ups that threatens to take away the team's finances. So, as the movie characters have cut funding they tend to do, it makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invitation (yes, I know, I use word that is not word yet). The lawsuit has dire consequences, no Caine is not dead, but instead gets a horny, violent creature, aka a guy. Now that she is invisible, Caine stakes a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, former Linda girlfriend (Elizabeth Shue), and the man who took his funding. Then something funny happens, Caine gets a new being supernatural, "Things that will not die." Praised in the face of all natural things, Caine faces death and spit in her face, as she takes what feels like hours for this dead animal, dragging the end of the movie out. The film is funny, stupid, and ultimately viable and the realistic way is sometimes used, sometimes not. There are clean possibilities of Hollow Man, but of course, none of them are explored. For a more interesting look at a being invisible, get ready for some good old-fashioned black and white movies, and check out the Invisible Man's 1933. Kevin Bacon will always be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.
