Ghost Ghost begins as Kate Barrett (Catherine Hickland) drives along an isolated desert road, his car suddenly breaks and hears approaching hair horses ... Deputy Cherif Langley (Frank Luz) in Riverton County calls for investigation of the collapse of Kate after Dad reports that he lacks. He finds his broken car and drives off looking for it, unfortunately his car breaks down too he must walk. Langley ends up in a rustic green desert town, many of Langley's tracks soon discover that it is quite literally a ghost town as it's populated by the ghosts of its former residents & is run by the Evil Devlin (Jimmie F Skaggs) who has kidnapped Kate for reasons that never explained & she's been up to Langley to rescue her and ending in the cursed towns ... <br /> The One & Only Directive Richard Gouvnerer's efforts Odd movies did not really do much for me & I did not like it all so much. Scripts by Duke Sandefur try to mix the horrors & western genres that it does not make for all great effects. Have you ever wondered why no more hurricanes western hybrid films are out there? Well, do not have me but if I asked myself as a question I would find all the answers in the Ghost Town because it's not very good. The two styles just do not mix that well. There are many clichés, on the west side of things there are innocent townspeople who are afraid to stand up to a gang of thugs who are terrorizing them, shooting-outs in the main street, bar saloon and swing door & upstairs prostitution & Horror wise there are many cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, pale bodies & a little killers. I was just very underwhelmed by it, I suppose there's nothing terribly wrong with it other than it's just dull and two as they do not sit together well. There are a few holes in the draw too, why Devlin has kidnapped Kate? I know he looks like his previous girlfriend, but how did he know that & what he was going to do with anyway? We never know why this ghost town is all ghosts either, I mean what's keeping them there & what has caused them to become like ghosts? Then there's bit at the end where Devlin after shooting it can not kill only for Langley killing him a few seconds later, I mean why did not the bullets work in the first place? /> The Governor's Director does well, has a wonderful beautiful atmosphere and some well-lit Cobweb strewn stitching & western Hollywood standards are represented here with a central street and wooden lane lining anywhere in it. I would not say it's scary because it's not, there's not much tension either & the film shooters in places despite being just over 80 odd minutes in length. Forget about any gore, there is a wound of some blood injuries, one after the injection of the two men with their throat slit and someone is scrambled with a metal pole & that's it. <br /> <br /> I would imagine Budget was nice here, it's reasonably well done & is competent if nothing else. Credit where credit is due to the period costumes & sets are very good actually. The act is well, but no-they will have any premiums. <br /> <br /> Ghost Town is a strange movie, I'm not really sure it does mean that they appeal to & it certainly did not appeal to me. Anyone looking for a west will be annoyed with the mute horror elements while anyone looking for a horror movie will be bored by western elements. It's something a bit different but that does not mean it's any good, worth a look if your desperate, but does not bust a gut to see it.
