I had a recent spectator experience with the Perfect Witness (2007) because the NetFlix computer recommendation engine suggested I watched this movie. Apparently, at some point, I told her how much I love Michael Haneke, Benny's video. I do not know about you, but this parallels have proved to induce me a whirlwind of emotion and excitement on Thomas C. Dunn's film and make the allocation of my time toward it virtually impossible to deny. Just this kind of recommendation from the NetFlix computer intelligence, for me, has given the aesthetics / moral films to be set up so high that, on reflection, it represents a very beautiful unaccomplished thing in every movie produced in 2007. <br /> Will you prefer my response to the movie this way, I'll continue to hit this harder picture down as poorly executed and banal; and I really hate doing so because I think our boy, Wes Bentley, happens to be not only one of the most interesting young genres of contemporary movies, but also its one most overlooked and underrated senator in the US. I am more than mildly concerned that the poor guy will miss the ship's fame if he keeps fiddling around film directors like this one. The perfect witness is about Micky (Wes Bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with the mother ("Do not drink 'anymore?"), But it is a "cinema" or at least a few type-highway stewards with a shotgun would be Johns in the corridors to seduce them in Philadelphia with their DVB 100B. From, doing his private investigator-like practices, Micky "inadvertently" video-tapes a brutal murder on an early-twenty-five-year-old rage lying down with his hands-held camcorder. Baring the notion of yourself that grieves and movies as cultural funds can be synonymous with her ticket from the urban white ghetto (and not the debtors of her unwilling friends and relatives who put the money for his atrocious movie ), Micky approach to the attacker, James LeMac (Mark Borkowski: also take a written credit) or the "Mac Cutter" whichever - and the killer blackmails to make a documentary about impulse killing it, keeping this foot on the attacker and threat to the police. The problem with this movie is not that there are no interesting ideas exist because they do. While both the writing and the directions are unprofessional, that alone does not make a bad movie. It's that these guys commit a rather poor assumption that these are presented are shocking in the context of a culture in which just about anyone in the free world and accessing a private computer can log in on the internet and catch veras in the action of a cut on the small Mac or PC. No film depends on the value of shock alone any more (unless of course, ironically, it's a movie about turtles on animals) and that's why movies of violence (real or fake) movies are less and less cultural capital with each passing year. Also, we had this actor-miraculous actor in the lead all-styled, real hip guy: his two inch with skull cap and the bill on it, backward, just like dork in high school craved after potential service to my primary love guy's interest that just now calls himself a "poet." <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Spare me. "I'm an artist," "I'm a cinema." Agree. Please do, carry on with that shtick, Cronnie. Apparently they bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. And go ahead, you can put all the allegations in a "creative" but do not expect us to answer yourself, to follow your average character in your two hours movie while taking Down the Wes Bentley career. Why not just let talk talk to the merits of what you do, guy filmmaker. Guess me is history going to eventually have to say something about that ?? love, probably that's not good as you think it is. And yes, the chances are you'll put the blame on your love like oil, ending like our man Micky here in the perfect Witness; wired on smack and covered in your unfriendly friend with a video camera in your hands. Great.
