Another day is glued indoors, another movie to watch. Having finally completed my Christmas Market yesterday on a cold and frozen afternoon, I had no other place to go to the "Land of Time Forgotten Land" escape. Or instead, I had nothing else to look. <br /> <br /> Doug McClure, the leading actress bastion, led a handful of Allied sailors by a U-boat somewhere in the Atlantic in 1916. U-boat (in a logical scene and reason), they eventually find themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by humans. Together, they explore the country and discover dinosaurs and neandertals! Can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of this country that long forgotten? <br /> <br /> Although they did some years before "Star Wars", these films are light years apart in terms of special effects. The model shots are little better than anything you'd expect to see in an episode of Gerry Anderson 's "Stingray" and the animals are not the best either. When the T-Rex (assuming that it was) was killed, it fell the same way zombies do when you killed them - frozen in the middle of the market with crushes, arms and feet held as a sleeping cow has pushed on. Granted, lying is not too bad, but noise acts with endless explosion noise (which all sounds the same) doing their best to losing your credibility and fun in the picture as a whole. Characters are neither credible nor worthy of your sympathy as they fire the guns into seemingly missing things. In the end, I just did not care if they got on the island or not and when the time arrived, I was much more relieved than entertained. <br /> <br /> The costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive and it is bikin bears and blankets all round. And although it was fairly obvious in their actions, you would not know that some characters were German from their accents. All the stuff just lacks some polish and joints, leaving the viewer confused in places and nonplussed in others. In general, this film is called to record a sad day of excitement although you can find some amusement in trying to work out where Colin Farrell is. I spotted his name in the credits and half expected a baby to appear with an Irish accent and face facial hair. Oh well. There is nothing particularly here to see then, but just about OK if you are eating your lunch and the weather prevents more activity.
