I just finished watching this movie. I was very excited since I'm a great fan of Rock Punk, Horror Movie and Spoofs. I was very surprised at what I saw. I knew it was budgeting, but I did not expect it to be stuck with a video camera. It opens with a good song and a great, very underrated band, the Horrorpops, reforming the songs, where they are Wandering, and promptly killing in a variety of ways. It's a great opening. But the problem is the fact that, up to the end, this was really all that the movie was. A live performance, A death. Another live performance, A Death. It gets old. And there is a gross (literally) overuse of the intestine of the death scene. Why do not the killer use other parts, body or feet, or eyeballs, or brains? Do not get me wrong, this movie has some scary parties. Like Hardcore French band, known simply as BERET, the prospect of a band called Atticus, the scene that has a performance by members of the Plan used and simple to play together since both bands had enough members to play shows , and Bowling For the Souvo-to-proud-in-the-gitarist Soup dies in a really hilarious way, so I save to look in the future of this movie. But the big problem I have with this movie is the first comic, but after a while, the terrible shortage of acting talent to a lot of "the actors". Especially warped tour creator, Kevin Lyman. He tries very hard, but I suspect he did not want to make the movie, but it was compulsory or something to do. In addition, the sound quality is terrible and there is no subtitle on the DVD. Resolution of the film's resolution is very neighboring and very random. something about a magic sword and Lloyd Kaufman as the devil. Bottom line, this film has a lot of quality, but not enough to be anywhere near a decent movie, music, or movie comedy. Although I have her credit and turned me over a few strips that I would never have costed, otherwise. Like tsunami bombs, and the fenomonauts (a crazy, psychobilly band). I recommend that you rent this movie, watch the first 10 or 20 minutes, if you like it, look next 20 or 30, if you still love it, then look over. If not, just go to the special features and watch all the music videos and live performances. They are rock! Long Live Rock Punk And Movie!
