Unlike my principles, let me first come up with a conclusion, because I just saw this piece of "art", and still I'm under strong impression. The reader is asking me the most vocabulary of my vocabulary. Well, this film is absolutely awful, and I would never have to bother writing one word about it, if it was not for the fact that "44 minutes" made me sick of death, which rarely happened to me. The fact that I pay for that does not exactly make me feel better, as well as reality films worth the high user rating here. <br /> So wrong with the movie? He had a fashionable title - "44 minutes". A first thought about "15 minutes", which is by the way a better movie, but still bad in my book, and indeed the two can be compared to some extent. But as luck would have it, the things they shared were their worst features. They both present Mr. Oleg Taktarov, who with his strong Russian accent obviously meets the popular expectations and prejudices. His goal is to appeal to the Cold War idea. Ah, we miss the old old times. Now, I do not mean that he's a bad actor, I'm judging his true performance, but it's simply not a true man here, it's more like an archetype. How anyone can always appreciate these things is completely beyond my understanding. We can recognize modern American xenophobia here. Point to the movie when Taktarov explains her boyfriend that novels are not Germany, and that in America is really ridiculous. Are we supposed to be that the greatest desire of the miserable Duo is to become "true" American? <br /> <br /> then there is the media problem. Yes, it seems that the most we learn from cameras, interviews and reporters. The director should make us feel the rhythm in the minutes presumed 44. Rather it bore us and interviewed all the movie as in a cheap TV show, trying to reinvent the wheel. The 15 minute issue of media is one of the central. The highlight of a teacher's way of addressing an obsessed student, but who deserves a separate comment, we're focusing on 44 minutes now. So I tried to identify the purpose of this movie. What is it? To give the right time to the audience? To glorify weapons? To praise the police? Put violence? Oh yes, the officer gave the Bible the offender minor. So should he encourage peace and understanding after all? I do not think so, but do not ask me. I only know I did not enjoy any of this. <br /> Ah, Michael Madsen. I admit, I'm a big fan. I was hoping it would be a bright point, but I was wrong. It's not her fault though. <br /> <br /> As the final score, compared to the "firepower" of "volunteering" at the end of the film was one of the worst lines I've ever heard. <br /> <br /> To summarize, on the scale 1-10, I give it a better, unadulterated 1.
