A dramatically dramatic, maudlin and predictable drama, my twenty-five-year Sidney Lumet movie, Garbo talks, came to meet the end of the low quality of my quest. The film documenting a young harry working man named Gilbert (Ron Silver), who is the son of Estelle Rolle (Anne Bancroft), is unique, feisty and above all, an obsession fan of Greta Garbo. When Estelle gets hurt with a brain tumor, her son decides to go on an obsessive quest of his own: stalk down Greta Garbo, and bring it to his mother. Anne Bancroft is in full-on, chew-the-peyizya Auntie-Mame fashion here, the kind of galleries that love films, where the mouths go to people, and stand for its ideal , it ends up in prison all the time. It stands out in the movie as a conspicuous evident construct, and each scene with it is yuk-yuk lame; Each note hits fake. The rest of the characters are equally as one dimension, but much less interesting. Ron Silver is flat as it may be, and his triangle attempts to love him as telegraphed as anything else in the movie: It is dating Fortune Lisa Rolfe (Carrie Fisher), but gets hit with Oddball co-worker Jane Mortimer (Catherine Hicks ), and I've called all three scenes scenes before they arrive. <br /> This is the other problem. A three-dimensional character can survive if they are posed in an intriguing and fascinating story, but there's simply nothing here. The film's fossils are glazed, resplendent and invalid materials that reinforce absolutely nothing, and when the film begins to start a linear trace, it's both plodding and refreshing. There are plenty of stars invited, so to speak, like Harvey Fierstein as a New Yorkian gay (imagining that) to another very dingy scene. <br /> <br /> Late in the movie, she tries to make a half- decent Declaration on the nature of idolatry and her role in our lives, but by this time, none of the characters exist as real people, and the film was bored by me to submit, so it functions as a case of far too little-far, far-too-late. This film is my fifth-fifth-fifth film, which makes it easy to my most-direct director, but outside of a blatant unrestrained couple (A stranger among us, anyone?), It does not plumbed the depths they are refreshing suffering in Garbo talks. <br /> {{Class: 4.5 / 10 (C / C) / # 21 (in 24) in 1984 / # 23 of 25 Lumet Movie}
