The film opens with a beautiful lady in a white gown cut run in a European stereotype Eastern European. We know that he was followed by something, because he kept looking after him. and soon we see he was chased by a mysterious man in a black trench. Then we realize that the man is actually the vampire hunter and is after him. but look is that his reflection in the store window ??? no his only identical twin vampire! but unfortunately, they both find it. <br /> After this brilliant balloon and amazingly fun of the old hammer films in the 60's and 70's (of the twins credits listed as the twins of evil, which of course is the name of the slice karnstein hammer the trim), the very dead scheme. <br /> <br /> What draws little involves dracula (which easily changes its appearance whenever it is reborn, so the producer does not have to rehire the same dracula) come in a mog, the mental students realize it is undead and thoughts .... wow this an opportunity, maybe I'll just ignore all the movies that say that without vampire drink turn you into a vampire and use the blood vampire to get a remedy for our friend's illness. Obviously this is a mistake and everyone becomes a vampire. A new concept, but pulled off excruciatingly seriously. The movie keeps setting up beautiful situations and refuses to do anything with them. For example, med students try to bring back dracils back to life by placing it in a tub filled with blood in a solitary run down castles. The house itself is scary enough to be the center of the movie, but we stay there? Not because they decided to take the vampire to an abandoned pool. sigh. This film has a real problem with "homage" as I mentioned before the opening stage is straight from hammer, and this home scene would have been perfect for a movie-like movie, but the movie rapidly changed gears and changes a medical horror. <br /> <br /> The other problem is that they present many characters it is almost impossible to feel sorry for any of them. There are students and wheelchairs tied teachers-type "friends" to their students all: arrogant, boring, hungry, and stupid. how did he do to school medallion in all my amazes, unless the mental hospital met its sore muscle / breastfeeding. and then there are the vampire hunters who remain mysterious in the movie. Hey I can respect that but it would be good if they did not put it as the movie would be on it. Then you have random priests, cops, and types of science. So many people are introduced and then quickly forget about until they need that person either save the day or jump out for a cheap scary that it gets quickly tedious. "Basically this is a lazy film. There is no real crisis, just a few predictable crises." So stand up for these so elaborate it is hilarious to examp and bathe blood fuller .It is so obvious that drac will pop From the bloody tears, and yet we have to wait far too long to get in the fear of inevitably. "He then kills one of the dumber and most of the students with Med. we all know he will become one of the undead. but what others do? bury it in a deep vault near the house. sigh, so you know who will jump out of you when the cops show up at home ......... <br /> <br /> Oh well. <br /> Maybe someone will get the hint that it's impossible to make a vampire movie awesome and just go for atmospheric, and then we'll end up with a movie all that is as good as the opening stage.
