This covered, short-lived series (one of two measurements) is as experimental and unique as a truck driver goes to a strip bar. I'm not quite sure what they mean by "ground-breaking" and "original" when they are all over Lynch and his comedy little TV. What exactly are the criteria of what is the original? Make sure, compared to the "Bill Cosby Show" or "Hill Street Blues" it's original. Definitely. Next to the "Order and Order" TP registration originality left and right. <br /> <br /> Fans of TP often say that the show was canceled because too many viewers were not smart enough, open enough for the show to suppose "uniqueness", allegedly its alleged wildlife, or whatever. As a fan of self-esteem, I have to correct this misconception. There is nothing so far-the wall on TP; It's a simple lookup, rather funny whodunit that goes around in circles, spinning cloth in every corner but (or because of it) ultimately goes nowhere. The weird is supposed to still be forced; The characters do not behave in a weird manner as they behave in a half-way IDIOTIC manner. There's a difference ... Whenever I look at the "strange dream" sequence of Living In Oblivion in which the dude criticizes the director (Buscemi) for succumbing to tired old-let-use-to-dream-in-a-dream-scene Cliche, I think Lynch. You want to be weird? "Eraserhead" is strange - in fact, it's beyond weird, it's fundamentally abstract. Do you want a unique TV show? See the "prisoner". Do you want a strange-looking cast? Felini's and Leone's movie offer this. TP looks like a movie crime crime drama that all young people look like fashionable models. The cast gives TP a plastic look. Kens & Barbies en masse. In fact, one of the producers of TP said Lynch was looking for "unique faces" for the series. Unique figure? Like Lena Flynn Boyle? Sheryll Fenn a? Like these "dog" -feminine-face straight from male catalogs (or gay magazines)? Do not get me wrong; There is nothing wrong with getting an attractive cast, especially with beautiful like Fen (the Madonna road would look if it was 1000 times more beautiful), but then do not go to say that you're doing a "strange and strangely-looking people. " And I never understood Lynch's Fitchin and Kyle MacLachlan (I should get a medal for bother spelling her right name). It's not unbalanced, but it lacks charisma, looks a little too afflicted and polished. Character character of "eccentricity" was not at all interesting, merely one of Lynch's many attempts to force the strange, trying hard to live up to his reputation - having completely lost his edge, but this time. All Lynch's post-"Man Elephant" was much sub-par compared to his first two movies. What followed was often mediocre effort that was based on relatively small but fanatical Lynch's base to keep it in the public eye by interpreting the meaning of history seriously putting it together that does not hold any water on closer investigation. In other words, Lynch is all the smartest-lover. <br /> So Laura Palmer was killed by his father ...? It was obsessed by the devil or some nonsense. That's the best of this "great idea" could come with ... You've got B-movie movie horror that ends up with more originality. <br /> <br /> Lynch is neither bright nor hard-working enough to come with a terrific story. <br /> <br /> Go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~Fedor8, and check out "TV & Cinema: 150 Worst of Nepotism" list.
