Veteran's director and producer Allan Dwan, whose big string film includes both forgettable and repeatedly shown (for example, John Wayne in "Sands of Iwo Jima") tried his hand at a great music and "i Jeanie's dream. " Using a lead throw of musicians and small past film experiments, and, as it turned out, virtually no future, it has filed a fictional and in no small part offensive story about the great American composer Stephen Foster . Bill Shirley is young, Foster's favestruck that has goodness in slaves includes providing the money saved for a commitment to paying the hospital price for a boy who has been injured in black. His purpose is Inez McDowell (Muriel Lawrence) whose younger sister, Jeanie (Eileen Christy), is slowly realizing it is in love with this almost impatient Smith-song. Foster is in love with Inez who is rebelled by the composer's number 1 on Levee Hit Parade Tune, "O Susannah." Join Minstrel Edwin P.Christy (Ray Middleton) to help launch the Foster career profits. That is, by the music-movie standard of Sunday fifty, a great production. Together they are lavishly in this special Hollywood way that shows false and full quarters. The singers are not half bad and the Foster songs are almost impossible to ruin. But this is also a literal whiteness of the South Antebellum. The largest number features black-face for all on stage, a historical anomaly and a contemporary piece of unthinking racism. Are these black portraits anywhere near reality, the abolitionists should be convicted of interfering and thus benefiting an institution. <br /> <br /> "I dream of Jeanie" apparently plunged into the arch of the studio and barely a whisper. Now revived by Alfa Video for a $ 4.99 only it is a piece of period with good singing and repulsive sentiments on the victims of American great crimes, slavery. This is what Hollywood has put out two years before Brown v. Education Council. You must have warmhearted the hearts of some movies that put the bedding in the theater.
