This film can be labeled as a case study. It's not just the fact that it means an unhealthy and non-artistic lust for anything that might be called as caco-imagery. The author lives with the impression that his atmosphere revolves against some generic diseases and social infiltrations called "Moldavia is the hardest region in Europe", "I do not believe one iota of bird flu", "Romanian people robbed because they are poor, European are robbed because they are robbed ") are more or less close to a responsible moral attitude and artistic - but it is gravely off target! What Daneliuc does not know is that it's not enough to be a fair person - you also need a modistic professionalism, and intelligence transposes this position to an artistic product. In addition, the "Foreign Legion" shows as well as a family video and Uncle Gogu drunkenly urinating himself in front of the guests. The script is chaotic and incoherent, randomly randomly connected to various half matter, in an illiterate attempt to suggest some kind of a story. The direction is pathetically dilettant - the so-called "director" is able to build at least one mediocre leap-en-scene, its shots are annoyingly awkward, and any sense of telling bright story by total absence. (Of course, any comment forced to stop at that level; it would be ridiculous to mention concept as "cinematographic language", "mean of expression" or "style"). The act is positively "Candela României" ("Chanel Chant") level, with the exception of ... paradoxically, soccer goal-keeper Necula Raducanu, who is very natural, and Nicodim Ungureanu. Oana Piecnita seems to have a genuine freshness, but it is compromised by the directions given by Daneliuc. <br /> <br /> The most serious coast of this offensive decent movie is the fact that the production has received a funding for the national budget, through the CNC (National Community Council). The fact that long-dead-old dinosaurs like Daneliuc are still thirsty for government government is understandable (in a market-driven economy, they should be immediately eliminated in natural selection). But the corruption of the so-called "jury" that squanders the country's money on those ridiculously ridiculous non-art, non-cinema and non-culturally belonging to the criminal field.
