I'll give this movie two stars because it's nice and beautiful photography. Otherwise, it was mostly with clichés and stereotypes: the hills either mute white moths of the religiously devastated or tattered kind of racial, or white Indian wisdom. Indians are magic people who move without a sound, can disappear from the blink of an eye, talk to the animals, and it's a great distance. So, on and so forth. <br /> Throughout the film I kept wondering what point in the movie was (other than showing me beautiful pictures of mountains, logs, woods, a variety of animals, free- Few people on mountains and those who blur in the church). The draw touches a series of problems but explores by one of them in depth. This was neither a story about growing during the depression, nor on being an orphan, nor on a liter of identity. He tried all this and more, which made it superficial and unsatisfactory. Though the film was supposed to be on Little Tree education, we learned almost nothing about it. He gave a brief summary of the story of his people (who was brave and stoic) and a distillation demonstrator; tried his hand in chopping wood (in which he failed) and whiskey running (literally); Learn how to read (and perhaps write) with the help of Grandma and his dictionary - and that was it. Apparently he did not learn much during his stint at boarding school because he was close to the attic. <br /> However, grandma and grandfather and Graham Greene's character made sure at the end of the Little Tree became a very spiritual person whose primary goal as an adult - after, and I paraphrased here, "riding with Navajos "and" getting caught in a couple of wars "- they" catch up "with Grandma and Dad and Graham Greene characters in the sky (instead of, say, dating girls, couples, having children or other nonsense ). <br /> <br /> Last but not least I must say that I found the offensive grandfather's trade. Why did all this have to be a whiskey? Unleash the stereotype of the "Drunken Americans"?
