Bamboo House Dolls (1973, 1974 or 1977, various years provided for this title) is a Hong Kong veteran Chin Kuei veteran (Snake Assassin, Ommen Boxer, Payment of Blood etc.) women in the prison movie produced by legendary Shaw Brother. Yes, even they got their hands in low OS diseases like this, and bamboo is definitely among the tendencies of the whole genre, even when compared to the Western attempts that usually speak in comparison to the movie lès! /> The story is about a Japanese war camp in which the Chinese women are brutalized, abused and raped by the Japanese bad (which else?) During the Second World War. The girls also know a secret place in which a box of full gold is hidden and also learns that a Chinese military officer raised in Japan (Shaw veteran Lo Lieh) is actually now a civilian agent among other Japanese and naturally helps The girls escape hell. What follows is the full sequence of free nudity, kung fu, some nasty turtles, gore, sleazy and very offensive anti-Japanese attitude that makes this movie the best and honest garbage that does not even try to be more than it is. <Brr /> <br /> There are hardly any interesting elements of bamboo doll's house. The occasional photo especially at the end looks nice with its sunset and beautiful nature but that's about it in the meritment department. The scene fights a lot and still includes half naked women knocking and kicking one another. Violence in general is quite embarrassing at times and several bullet injuries, misogynist torture scenes (for example, a poorly-perverted girl on the floor filled with ice breaks etc.) and extremely ably end-to-end morale. Of course it is stupid to talk about "moral" when you write about this kind of movie, but still there are elements I will not accept to be found in any movie. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some enjoyable turkey elements for sure! For example, the gold box, filled with heavy gold, looks suspiciously light as the girls are weak and breathless does not seem to have any problems arise and move it, do not talk to send it! Also, these many "skin fight scenes" make this smile quite induced for fans of movie cinema. I saw the Killer Killer the same director (1973) which is ten times more important to be seen as a piece and even though he has so many deadly snakes, it is also visually more interesting and shows us some nasty parts on the other side in large cities and societies. Also, it is a must for those who are afraid of snakes. <br /> <br /> Bamboo Doll House has suffered some censorship, too, which is not a surprise considered the subject. The version encompasses, (embraced in a non-English language) released in Europe at least in France, Italy and Switzerland, running 104 minutes to PAL while the off, English armed print published in Holland, Belgium and Greece runs only 84 minutes from PAL. From what I have heard, the cut scenes are not just violence or anything else graphic but also dialogue with "drawing drawings" and the like. <br /> <br /> Bamboo Doll House is the trash movie in its most trash form and definitely something I would not like to see from Shaw Brothers or Hong Kong in general. Some of the Italian exploitation films in the same topic are more interesting and noteworthy topics than this ridiculous, figurative and worthless piece of movie exploitation. 2/10
