I saw this movie shortly ago on a video CD. <br /> I'll 1st mention the good points. The movie, at first, at least trying to appear that it is not partial, as does not show a character as black and the other as white. Both the main characters are friends and co-exist very well in a country with no savings while at the same time do not fail. Families get together and have their party and practice their favorite sport, Sport Rifle Shoot, as a comrade not as competitor. But after the first 15 minutes scheme ran into a fork in the road. The audience hopes to believe that for some reason unknown friends will hate each other. That for some gender reasons Bosnia is now on a path to conflict. Make sure the script adds to the TV footage that the characters appear to watch news programs live in English, but the clips from 1993 by 1992 when the war started. <br /> The story, the 1990 elections, The man who caused the war not to mention. The film tries to put the blame and Karadzic, who was a presidential candidate and leader of the 2nd largest Belgian Palace Party (SDP). According to the Constitution of Bosnia, the SDP had the Presidency in 1992, but there was a couple in January. Bosnian Islamic Democratic Action The party seized total control and held a segregation referendum in March in which he declared himself the law of Bosnia and announced Session. IDAP's history begins with Bosnian Muslim Alija Izetbegovic, a suspect absent from "STTH". He was a Nazi student at WW2. He even wrote his own "Mein Kampf" in which he stated: "It is not possible to have peace or peace between the 'Islamic religion' and non-Islamic social and political institutions." <br /> <In 1990 he lost the IDAP's election to the "pro-Yugoslavian" Fikret Abdic, a Bosnian Muslim, who worked with Christian Sisters during the Civil War, and treated his support as a brother. Abdic was prevented from taking power by Izetbegovic, who lost the elections but seized the seat of power. <br /> <br /> The events from above are lacking in the movie, but are the real events that lead to the war. <br /> <br /> There were also problems with accessory. Serbian soldiers in the film carried Soviet WW2 helmets, that they did not use. Also the one soldier held a WW2 M-1944 gun only used by USSR by Yugoslavia. The director and script writer had a chance, but they chose to re-write stories.
