Seriously the only good thing about this year's ceremony was the winners. Although the ceremony itself was very short it was always a bit boring. I think it's seriously time to look for a new director and producer for the show, who can come up with something really new. It is very clear that they tried to make the show more 'hip' and appeal to a younger audience this year by leaving Beyonce doing and leaving P. Diddy and Prince featuring a category. Also leaving Chris Rock the presenter was an attempt to re-add the ceremony and make it more appealing. None of it really worked out. <br /> <br /> Sure, Chris Rock is a funny guy but he's not really a good presenter. I really just saw him as a guy who just spoke every now and then in between in the different categories. His presence was not really as 'big' as for example Billy Crystal's. <br /> Also the timing out of the awards was very mute at times. Do not let everyone come to the stage, but also hand out some of the awards in the middle of the theater was weird. Still, I can not remember being any more satisfied with the award winners. None of the movies really swept away the awards as the last couple of years still was the case. So, what does it mean to be a great year for movies and competitors? I do not think so. I think most of these films are widely forgotten in 20 years now, with the exception of "Million Dollar Baby" and "The Passion of Christ" maybe. Make sure I do not agree with any single award that has been released out this year, for example Caleb Deschanel should have been for better movies, not that I did not like Robert Richardson's work, and he really did some amazing work for most of the Oliver Stone works but I really feel that Deschanel deserves more prizes. Also, I would like to see Jim Miller and Paul Rubell have better correction and John Debney for best music. But well, there is no way to reward the Academy can please everyone of course, I understand that. There will always be people who complain about the winners. It was also funny to see that most of the award-winning presenters were more nervous ways than prospects and winners. Did Prens tell any of the names of the candidates right at once? And was Sean Penn's sense of humor? Al Pacino and Jeremy "I'm hoping to miss" The Irons were the best presenters of the night. <br /> Overall a pretty forgettable show, but with lovely winners.
