I'm not usually given hyperbole, but after seeing more than two decades worth of Academy Awards, I can honestly say that this year's show shows was the most unfortunate example of poor, total cruelty, and absolute jumping that I ever had there was woe to witness. I do not talk about the awards themselves - as usual, there is much to discuss when you tally got there, who lost, and never even been nominated, but the process is as it always and is just as it in charge of being. What is terribly unfair is the treatment of both the "stars" and "non-stars" received from the hands of Cates and Horvitz, to name "reduced boredom." It is bad enough for the last several years anyone not Al Pacino has been "playing" in 45 seconds without any consideration for what he said, how he said it, and what the emotion was behind the statement. It demonstrates nothing more than a total lack of respect, however, candidates of animals on stage such as animals without paying them honor of showing their faces while their names are read and they are bumped away slowly by losing, refusing to thrill at a market in the podium, and forcing them to read the statements and back to the audience. All of this was done by the "stars of the stars" -in my mind that the cinema would not exist all without these artists and that most of them only ever found one chance to face their peers and hearers them. <br /> <br /> The stars did not cost better. It gets darker than funny when winners of the caliber of Hilary Swank and Clint Eastwood have begged for a few extra seconds for their speeches. Chris Rock, as host, was not as inflammatory and controversial as the Academy hoped, nor nearly as funny as he could. His opening remarks were almost (but not quite) as offensive as Sean Penn made them out, and his comments during the show were more innocuous than interesting. Of course, he could hardly be blamed when it was clear that they were caught on as short a leg as any army had. In the end, Chris Rock was something he had never been before: a non-entity. <br /> Even the musical numbers were busy. Beyonce was singing well, but there was simply no reason why she should have appeared in three out of five songs. Another example of disrespect for an artist gave Jorge Drexler nominal nomination to Antonio Banderas - though Drexler was present and clearly did not want to mind singing his own, based on his "talk". Cates' efforts and Horvitz show that the shorter and faster show can work to a degree, but that was a deplorable show of life. We have all begged on their relief speeches to those we do not know about the relentless production, the quality of self-congratulations. But this is their nights. What meant a celebration became a reproach to people being celebrated. Cates and Horvitz should, frankly, be disappointed.
