John Hughes wrote a lot of great comedies in the '80s. "European Vacation" is not one of them. The Hughes' first big hit "Vacation" (1983), is about as predictable, unfunny and annoying as they come - no matter how much you love the romantic but romantic and Ellen Griswold (Chase and D'Angelo) I enjoyed so much "Vacation" with the third film, 1989 "Christmas Holiday," but Griswold's travels to Europe are bland and forcing. Perhaps because this was Hughes' first attempt at an end that he did not get it, but it's really dumbfounding how uninspired and devoid of a "European Vacation" story is. There is no in history: The Griswolds have a game show for being "vicious little pigs" and go on a tour of Europe in England, France, Germany and Italy. Even the physical humor that the trademark of the first loses all the effects because you see it comes, which is Amy Heckerling's fault director. "Fast Times at High Ridgemont" director sets everything too predictable. <br /> <br /> Perhaps it was Hughes taking a cheap shot because it was put up to the end. The "European Vacation" takes great pride in American insults (note the vicious show of the little pig games), especially tourists, represented by the Griswold Cornis family. She also patted herself on the back implicitly saying "Oh our Griswolds, we are still entering something because our dad is a fool." Then, in almost comical fashion it ends with a tribute to America and how grateful Griswolds are to return to such a better country. If Hughes went for satire and meant to make it in the form of a bad movie, well maybe I'd be awarding this 8/10 star. <br /> It's not just the unfourniness, but the "European Vacation" has many of the worst actors to play Rusty and Audrey kids (Jason Lively and Dana Hill). They're both annoying and obnoxious, and unattractive and loud-mouthed Audrey Blubbering on his companion left behind almost the entire movie. Hughes even goes as far as to comment on his missing rights as he observes a giant bratweur. Well tastier. Speaking of two, the breasts bloom in two different scenes for no good reason (unless he commented on American love in the rash ends of the comedies). <br /> I'll give one of the films of her stars thanks to Eric Idle of Monty Python's crew, who came to a few different points in the movie where she recited lines directly from "Holy Grail" part of funniest. If Hughes intends to find one of the only non-American actors acting as a single comic party, then another tip of his hat to charge the underbelly open comedy of the 80s. Still, would it hurt to do it while doing it fun?
