I'm a big fan of Pacino movies. It is the one, if not the best, the actors of this genre. However, this movie could have been a lot all better even if it had a poor cast. All they did was tell the story of Carlito Brigante up to his jail. Instead it seemed like this was just one of many stories that could have been said to Carlito. All or even some of the questions about his past that we wondered about in the original could be answered. As far as I'm concerned, this is the only way you can do this movie. Instead we get this prequel that has almost NO of the original characters in it, a character that plays a different part from the original (horrible move), with a totally different love interest for Carlito. Not even getting I started with Puffy. There is no way I can take this cat seriously as a gangsta after watching it dance throughout his video art. Evertytime that dude opened my mouth I was waiting for him to start dancing. It makes me laugh if anything. Mario Van Peeples surprised me with his role. I thought he was going to give a substandard performance due to his recent history. It was done quite well. It was probably most "credible" from the whole cast in my opinion. Jay Hernandez has done her best, but she does not have the skills right now in her career taking on this role. I appreciate his energy and effort though. Difficult to follow up Pacino. The only way you could even have a clue about what kind of person Carlito was, is to look original. Otherwise, Carlito looks like a cold vigorous assassin in one scene then a spiny wrap to another. He was one of the baddest gangstas in his time but would only see the flash of this film. Maybe this is a pitiful way for Hollywood to try and make a 2nd prequel cash in on this failure. Would not surprise me. <br /> In general, in my opinion, this movie falls short or what it could have been. The only reason I gave her a 3 was because I laughed so much and Mario Van Peeples had some respect back with me. A serious director should have taken this movie and actually put time into the story and turn it into a current prequel. I'm very disappointed that this movie has not taken seriously. They would have been better doing this in a mini-on HBO series and actually tell the story as the original suggests. At the end of the film, the nerve was suggested that Carlito would return to the city. HEEELLLLO .... that party everyone wants to see !!! Then again, this is all just my opinion. I can not tell you how to waste your money.
