Already his first claim, which desire is always artificial, is totally unfortunate. <br /> <br /> When a Witness dismissed becoming a clean movie documentary? or anything for this problem - it's time for anyone to get their own. Although far, far more smart than, say, Paris Hilton (I know, not too difficult) Zizek's mouth spews just as much baloney as he, just another type. He combines the worst from both his professional world: Psychoanalysis and philosophy. Both gardens are acknowledged for a good person to offer experts b * lls *** osopher many leeway to create improper theory, annuity without a beginning or end, and connecting concepts almost randomly, in the misusing process of the English by creating a semantic mix only a mother can love. Example: There are three main Marx brothers, so a "great" idea connects them with three levels of human awareness, id, ego and super-ego. I am surprised by playing a clip from "Snowhite" and making an analogy between the seven noses and seven levels of Gahannah (Moslem Hell). It's like the site of Schumacher in the "Number 23": playing with numbers long enough, and you can come up with any kind of cockamamie theater you want, even linking Ancient Greece and Princess's death. , has an entertainment component at TPGTC: watching a supposedly wounded whitewash like a pig while uttering expansive masking as intellectual analysis can be quite a lot of fun. Why watch "Cuckoo's Nest" or any other Madhouse drama when you can have Zizek for more than 2 hours? It's like watching a fun train wreck. Admittedly, it is almost funny on one or two occasions. <br /> I have always been mystified by those who desperately tried to raise film-making in a social science scholarly science. Giving idiotic movies like "Bird" this much thought, hence this very credit, probably having its fat creator laugh in his grave. The raw truth is that the vast majority of movies have zero intellectual value, and some of them do have some intelligence does not require a shrink-turned philosopher to design one card to understand them ?? unless one is a complete idiot. Zizek sees layers and layers of meaning in the most banal cinema. Alcohologen drugs to be rather popular and cheap in Slovenia these days ... When Zizek showed the bath hole in the scene "Psycho" showers, I thought he was going to tell something about galactic black holes; how to drain the life from the same star as the tub pub sucks in Janet Leigh's blood. Or maybe she could tell how the pit represents Leigh's vagina, and the blood flows in it instead of out (as in rule), this represents some kind of "smart (Zizekian) irony". Speaking of that, the real irony is that if Hitchcock has really put that much thought in every scene (and the script), his movies would not have been the sick, far-reaching crap that they often are. The points of these pelvic analogies point out just how easy it is to impress on "hiding, deep meaning". But when you add Zizek's fabulous terminology from philosophy and psychology, stratifying these terms on top of such analogies as wedding cake decorations, you get a rambling mix that can instantly impress the uneducated - which means easy to impress with the gullible. <br /> <Zizek exterminated a number of (unintentionally) funny things here, one of the most absurd ideas was when Anthony Perkins cleansed the bleeding toilet and "satisfaction at work, to a good job". Do not laugh ... Ni Hitchcock nor writer of "Psycho" could ever even vaguely entertained the notion that Perkins would enjoy a good job - the cleansing of a non-attached bathroom - while designing / directing it scene. Speaking about speaking in someone's mouth (dying), but in the context of misinterpreting the director was "telling". I love Zizek's first idea about the terrific "Solaris" Tarkovsky, but then he has to ruin a rare rare impression of the drag "anti-feminism" and other nonsense in his theory. <br /> <br /> The attitude of Zizek towards logic is that of a dog toward its plastic bone. "I just want to play with it all day!" Logic has its rules, and it does not supposed to be violated - at least not publicly - not like in him. It seems considerable logic, proof, common-sense, and reason as enemies or releases exclusively; The concepts must either be avoided, twisted to fit the end-purpose, or simply cancel. Zizek is the LSD-tricked hippie, and all his favorite movies are his own personal "2001". <br /> The fact that Zizek over-focus on two of the most overrated directors - and those who have films often make intelligence, if anything - like Hitchcock and Lynch, only further reduces the credibility already given to it. I was surprised De Palma did not feature more evidence; This is another lame director who writes scrapbook scripts. Zizek has a sunny day and Lynch's incomprehensible "Lost Highway". There are so many interpretations of films as there are people watching it. <br /> <br /> Comment The whisker that the viewer easily accepted out the trichable Trier, the "ground-breaking" physical set-up of "Dogville" made me snicker. However, Zizek does not just do things as he goes along, he also indulges heavily to the "bleedin 'obvious". Like all "social scientists" (an oxymoron), he wraps his very "articulation" in articulated (if full of spit) and sometimes complex blankets in language. After all, sociology functions in exactly the same way: it makes us believe that we hear something new when in fact it's what we already all know but said in an easy way - who fools listen to more unobservant. /> I was half waiting for men in white suits suddenly appeared out of nowhere and wrapped him up in a loonie suit ... <br /> Slavoj Zizek: as soon as a stalker at a kid's park near you. <br /> http://rateyourmusic.com/list/Fedor8/150_worst_cases_of_nepotism/
