Where can I begin? I heard this film came out and I was very upset. I'm a big fan of Carlito's original way and when I heard about this, I thought it would be just like almost all the other suites from Hollywood. I thought it would be bad. My boy was wrong, this movie was worse than I expected. Do not say that all the suites are bad, but that's the problem with Hollywood these days, they do many suites and remakes and hurry them. This was not a theater release, it is a DVD release. Still, in my opinion, there was no reason at all for this to be made. After hearing about this film was in progress, I then later heard Pacino was not in it. That's right to kill any movie this chance was to be good. Why did I check this movie out some of us wondering? Well I had the opportunity to see it so I did. I do not just watch movies that I have high expectations, I've had low expectations on this one obviously. I just wanted to see if she would have anything important to her. Now, if any of you read this is Carlito's Way Forward, you know a lot of stories in the first one made with him going to prison. <br /> <br /> * VERY MINOR SPOILER * I will ruin anything, because this can actually make you do not want to waste 2 hours watching this waste. All I will say is - at the end of Carlito's Way 2, we do not see Carlito going to prison. Now I do not know about any of you, but I would have thought a Prequel Carlitos Way would show how he ended up in jail. I even had some interest in actually seeing what happened. <br /> Now that's not my only problem with the movie. The actor who played Carlito did not do too bad a job, but he could not have saved this movie if he tried. There are not even all the little things that should be thrown in Carlito's Way Way would like. You do not see any appearance of Kleinfeld or other key characters in the first one, I'd like to see something like that. What is even worse, Luis Guzman is in this movie, but he does not play the same character he plays in the movie first. Big mistake on the part, why cast the actor even for a different character, he made the movie worse than it was already. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, I'm Carlito's Way Fan, this straight line of DVD release is a shame. If you're a fan, do not watch this movie coming in with high expectations. This movie was basically nothing for me, and it is definitely a movie I'm not going to picking up on DVD, or watching ever again.
