Well I just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that I will never get back on this piece of waste. I heard someone online online describing this movie badge as "subhuman cannibal", and I thought he promised because I thought it would be like the offspring. WON! The descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong scenarios. These villains are totally unrealistic and no part of the performances are enjoyable to watch. This movie is not so controversial, I've seen this level of Gore in many films. This film is absorbed. SYNOPSIS: A blonde who thinks she's really hot (but not), her admirers, and her admirer's friends (no, I do not remember the names) go to the woods. Cars are broken down. They were warned to leave a man named Mark. The blonde gets unusually hysterical and in the morning they can not find the admirer's friend. Admirer impulses her feet (whoops!). Do not worry, it is much more upset when its car will not start to end when it gets impaired by nails. After a nanosecond in coaxing, the blonde leaves get help. Events insist that I can not remember. During this and throughout the film, we are showing scene torture grid that has no substance including one that made me gag. Blonde goes to save admirers at home in cannibal (though all they see eating is intestine, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat since they have actual foods). Blonde finds admirers hurt and work very hard (unsuccessful) to work up tears. Then you get a good laugh when the blonde is at home and announce it can "get out of the thoughts". Mark (the man who warned to leave) has a remarkable change in character when he reveals the cannibals are his family. Then some shoot them, leaving the house, the shooting continues, then a random guy shows up and says he watched them. Before he shot, we showed an acid-tour inspired scene to more kill. The blonde or admirer he launched him because he did not help them. There's more to kill, the admirer believes his love for the blonde. Then a mysterious hand covers the camera. What does that mean? I do not know, hopefully not an end.
