Wow, after the trashing disk of Timo Roses "City Rout" after about 15 minutes (South Park is over cursing more than ... I guess some people just do not get it) I was interested in this movie . I read some positive things with the packaging and look at the movie seemed far from the entire garbage I hope after "City Street". Surprise: The film is not total waste, but the problem seems to be exactly that. Timo Rose is trying to walk through the footsteps of Horror / Splatter Cinema movies like Olaf Ittenbach and the likes. This means "Barricades" is in very gory and detailed parts. The GX FX is not really credible but OK, the act is OK but in some cases snooping. The hillbilly chick in the opening sequence is ridiculous and does not get better until it's fired. <br /> So, what's the problem ... The movie is gory, there is a typical German underground vibe (including the classic blood pressure shots), OK FX and a modern feel like the packaging already been promise ?! <br /> <br /> 1. The script is BS total. You get a typical hillbilly / lost in the woods and some guys + gal camp out and meet a degenerated hillbilly family. All are just leading towards the turtle / mutilation scenes and looks incredible random and pointless. This is the first thing that makes "Barikad" half-hearted. <br /> 2. Random is also the perfect description for a lot of the camera work (I liked the cut to tweak the tweezers of the scene of prolonged torture scenes ... either they had no materials or the editor working in a hardware store). Even worse, the correction ... sure, its modern and far better than a lot of other movies in the genre but its RANDOM. You've had a overuse that has typical exposure everywhere and with no sense ... it just has ... all the time. Then there are some film / movie films that are also just thrown in here and there for the sake of it, I do not get the meaning. Like the forest effects, there are many repetitive things here. For example most of the kills are edited with multiple repetitions of stabbing and punching. OK read once but here its annoying and false, especially towards the end. Annually also the "musical" attribute that permanently uses without any change in the background. It does not take long until the film is hardly met. <br /> 4. Out of all this comes the biggest problem in this movie (and many others in my opinion). If you make a movie splash and trashy feel its idiotic Polish it with special FX and new educators at school. It seems to take it too much way. It's not fun because the decent GX FX is plainly wasted in this context. And where the classic FX is OK FX to computers in such scenes as stabbing in the mouth or shotguns in the look rather uncomplicated (and 3D splatter mostly absorbs me even in movies with a budget and decent 3D art). /> <br /> I'm often surprised if the time of serious Splatter movies is over and "Barricade" is just another example it might be time to put it into the tomb. It does not have fun, there is no character and too trashy to watch it. The script is a cheap attempt on "Wrong Turn" and "TCM" that is absolutely nowhere. You can take that literally ... the finish is just there and as random as many other things here ("I love you" in a flick splatter ... come on !!). "Barricades" trying to incorporate so much and failing ... you can be sure-fast in this movie for some extreme disembowelment, melting acid, nipples pinching and classic Friday style style 13 short in a couple They will fiddle in a tent (without boobies hooray!). But it's really hard to get into this. Total failure especially because you can see it could be something.
