Way back when, the X-Files were a smart, thought-provoking show. A great part of his appeal was that the writers looked at tradition and science for their ideas, bind the spooky side to real life. <br /> I was extremely wary of the 8th season when it revealed. The show has already provided two episodes perfectly good in bending on ("One Son" and "Requiem"), and the 7th season saw a sharp increase in episodes that scratch the barrel for the well-sought, or downright funny. But I figured, hey, giving it the benefit of a doubt, maybe it will bring it back because of some great ideas lined up. <br /> <br /> "Roadrunners" really have been upsetting. After "Patience", which at least offers an interesting angle about the volcano's folklore showing off did well to avoid, the episode sees an unusual (alien?) Sluggish parasite and the power of self-control worshiped by a cult of Christian backwoods . Oh, and think it is the second coming of Christ, but you only get out of the past couple of minutes. Seriously. There's never * any * try to make sense of that, to explain what the sluggish, why anything that happens is happening, or anything. Even in the early years to show - in fact, * especially * then - you might expect a bit more depth, a bit of background, or if not then the opposite - a bit In mystery, some uncertainty about this was all about. <br /> It's Scully that really kills it though. You could put in with the silliness of the quote, but there is a character that has developed over a good 7 year as a rational way to transform into a gullible maverick purely for the sake of the advanced scheme is scarcely to look. You feel like watching some teenage teen horrors, except that she's a woman well in thirty she sends herself to the kind of creepy community that she has spent the best part of a decade discovering the desperate disaster of being either extract by steric heterocyte or absolutely indifferent to self safety. Oh, and by the way Doggett, the new Mudler, is not around. Scully just wandered into the desert looking at a brutal murder on his own without it. It shows up to the end to save the day - I can not even remember why - but apart from it, it's not really in it. Shortly, it feels like either a generic script written for another show, or a person's animal film project being allowed to shove like a sense of mutant in the spine of an existing, long-running show moment when it was in its most vulnerable. It might have worked on a smaller show, where the characters have more archetypal and the audience expected less. But the X-Files had a good go, and Scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic characters in the 90s. Decide that you're going to change her personality for the sake of a story that must be done on Star Trek a good fifty or so times is freeware.
