If you've ever bothered the underground by a Christian saying, "Jesus is the answer. What's the question?", Then maybe you should thank God if you have never encountered a Lacanian. Slavoj Zizek, the most evangelical of Lacanians, would surely exchange the word "Jesus" in this statement for "Lacan / Hegel". <br /> <br /> Zizek's zest burning at this time, no doubt because we generally see movie and pop culture purely as entertainment for our consumption. So it looks impressive when someone - anyone - come along and say, "Hang on, film can say something about ourselves." The Zizek ideas exposed in this film are "true" purely because he says so. For example, Zizek explains that the three Marx Bros are the month, superego and id (God knows what happened Zeppo, or Gummo ??? maybe they are sinthome to ... or are that movies themselves?). This is simply what they are. In Zizek's production, culture is not investigated, but merely to be an example of its ideology. People can object that it certainly has something to say - but how different is what it says from the Christian attributed all to God's will? <br /> <br /> What's wrong with taking example, in movies or anywhere, is illustrated theory? Well, nothing at all. As Zizek seems to believe, they can even serve as a proof. However, it is simply cant and propaganda when these examples are isolated in their context. In the context of this, you can say and prove anything you want. For Zizek, Lacan is the answer? So he goes and makes an example of it. Everything but looks like the teachings of the Master and the cultures that have brought this out, serve this ideology. For example, Zizek's exemplary example of the fantasy position of the Voyeur was taken to a scene of Vertigo when Jimmy Stewart spy on Kim Novak in a flower shop. But in the context of the film, this is not a whimsical position of the vulture at all. Stewart was spontaneously led by Novak. Presented examples of contextual isolation will continue throughout Zizek's time with a half-cynic sermon. <br /> <br /> Her analysis of the "baby wants to" --- the Blue Velvet scene is mockingly. Touching light on what it seems to consider to be the terrible (of the masculine) truth of "feminine delights", Zizek says that the character Isabella Rossilini not only demands her degradation, but, unknowingly, in charge of the situation. This is an example of "enjoyment" it. Well ... possibly. But - sorry to be prosaic - where is the evidence for this? In the film he partially underwent humiliation because Hopper had kidnapped her son. Zizek can be objects that he obviously enjoys rough sex with Kyle MacLachalan. But this can happen due to any number of things. Is not that point in what is called "feminine" femininity? According to Lacan, feminine delicacy, unlike phallic genius, can not be articulated, it is beyond the capture and quarreling of language. If this is right, then no example can be done in it. It means that the whole concept is non-sensual and entirely mysterious. It can only be designated by dogmatists like Zizek: "There's a facial fit for you! Why is this feminine isolation? Because I say that." <br /> What can really be garnered out of the movies? Only Zizek's Psychology. Why did he keep putting himself in his favorite movie, even to the point that, when in a boat on Botega Bay, he said he wanted to - Rod Steiger too? Does not want to progress to someone who spends his life crucial movie? As this says, Freud would have a garden day with Pervert's guide to the movie - but with Zizek himself, no one else. Zizek's theory that film shows us how we want to be right on the face of it, but these films can not be strict universal examples of psychoanalytic laws. This movie shows how Zizek wants and only very vaguely - as to be almost useless - how the rest of us desires. For, as any psychoanalyst knows, how we want and what we want can not be completely separated - and can not be universal, if at all. Love Zizek in doing everything one example Lacan's response brings this out: how do we want to? Like this, this is how I do it. The problem is, in Zizek's desires, everything and everyone else is rational in his desires. But Zizek is a Leninist and they certainly do not like to let the "subject" speak for himself. <br /> <br /> The Pervert Guide to the Cinema is a love of the dogma and is entirely unphilosophical though it remains very politics (what dogm is not?). Zizek never questioned exactly what his motives would be when embarking on an analysis, what he tries to discover, because the conditions of his exploration, and therefore his ethics of doing so, never put into question. /> Zizek is pretty prolific but all his books and the movie says the same thing. It is a kind of Henry Ford in cultural theory: mass-production with any color as long as it's black. It is perfect for today's very consumer society: supposedly critical while giving people the same c-over and over and pretending it is something different. This is popular because people prefer to read readymade answers to their problems - that capitalism still claims to give - rather than investigating things with any serious consideration at all. What kind of brain was dead. For me, the twilight of the third uterine Zizek is a suicide capsule. <br /> PS: I liked Zizek's remarks - presented as a revelation on movies and humanity - that music in film can affect many empathy. Did this happen only in Zizek after he saw jaws?
