This film is full of ultra-lightweight, predictable duct from beginning to end. As a car Don Knotts, the "Incredible Mr. Limpet" was the best, and Knott's character is not nearly as incompetent or ignorant. His performance was tone down, and none of his trademark-looking gaggle looked, although that might have something to do with him being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. Knotts made a living in the impenetrable playable manner, much as Bob Denver did. Nor really seemed to be able to break out of other roles, assuming they were simply typecast. It was probably because of the slouch, staring at the high-pitched voice. Jan Knitter, who Knotts worked with the "Company Three", was able to transcend his genre, outlining success in dramatic roles such as "Dreamer of Oz", but the closest knotts ever had a small The role of "Pleasantville." Even Leslie Nielsen was a bad fit here, without any comic actor acting dramatic as he was at the time, and comedic comedian comedian as he later came to "plane!" and "Squad police." There is also no 43-year-old Knotts way then could pass for a 35-year-old, as his character insists he was. It was as ludicrously incredible as Tom Hanks at the 38-year-old College of Forrest Gump. The film was clearly made on a shoestring budget, much looking like a downloaded movie-filmed episode. It is especially evident in the "exterior" scene of the "city" where Roy goes after he was fired. It's easy even a pre-school should be fooled by the Mayberry artificial like such scenes. Even this view is prohibited as a child's movie, it's very disappointing. It's not because it lacks action or special effects, although it does. The speed is too slow, the recursive situations. How often do you see Roy getting on a bus? A comedy for children should at least sometimes be madcap, and breakneck gaps, otherwise you risk boring (and any adult in the theater as well). Movies, even the kid's movies, have improved quite a bit in decades to intervene. Even many contemporary comedies were best filmed and written. Disney's "Bug of Love," for example, at least there were some exciting race actions.
