I guess I only have myself blame for the gigantic descent which is "Entrails of a Virgin". You already know not to expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy title proudly promoted as this with the first impression only gets extra confirmed when noticing the movie is a mid-80 production in Japan. Now there are quite a lot of crew who are sick and active in Japan, but Kazuo Komizu surpass them all with trilogy quite loosely and illnesses turn on gender nothing but aggressive and sadistic abuse of young girls. Not even trying to tell a story, "Entrails of a Virgin" simply introduced a topic of un-aroused semi-porn sex and really poor gore-effects that would not even please the most undemanding fan of the 80's cheese horror. Images of a bunch of photographers and fashion models are inexplicably interrupted with scenes of a perverted room having sized size and a seemingly under - aged girl. She stores him not even a minute after climaxing (typically) and implores her to stay, though she shares her with other women. I did not find it. Is this supposed to represent a male male general? Because it's really clichéd and bad. Anyways, back to the bunch of horny photographers and manageable models. Marveled by the upcoming fog on their way home, the group defines themselves in a home abandoned country where they have more sex therapies and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous gender-devil that kills them all. Their acting performance is unprofessional, the chanting and primitive dialogues and the Komizu direction are weak and unenspirated. I can tolerate all that, including the woman's imagination of sex, but I've come too close to turning the film during the indescribably literally-spirited sequence. One of the men struck brutally, kicks and throws at one of the girls and calls him a whore whore until he literally pees his panties and weeps with agony. This sequel is, in my humiliating opinion, absolute low-point in Asian OS movies. One to avoid and perhaps even boycott.
