Perhaps it was the title, or the trailer (certainly by the interview on the DVD, which is with the director as he kept saying "hi, kids" in the camera as a buffalo), but I expected for Entrails of a Virgin There is at least a bit of fun sleazy and some sex gender and brutal, killings without a strange Japanese perpetrator. Turn out it's way too sleazy for its own good, or bad, or whatever. There's a problem - and one can see this also in the Italian exploitation of porno Holocaust, just like this in much respect - in no balance of sex and violence. Too much sex and it will turn into a prototype porn, and not the same as the quality of production compared to most pornographic porn movies! But with the scenes to kill, there was to be at least a little sneaking, and perhaps just a smidgen of intelligence, to create the creature / killer / whatever. Entries in a Virgin is not. It's safe to say it's a very athlete movie, though it's not one of the worst ever-ever-there's just for cone-dog fetishist Japanese to get on girl in trouble with men who have all the brains of the 'other' head. <br /> <br /> In this case, we're giving a photo team where the guys are taking some shots of some girls, there is nothing too salient, and then in the way of a dense fog to stay in some homes one night and choose from one by one by "a kill" as he credited. First of all, komizu director Kazuo 'Gaira decided she was put in a quota of random sex scenes early on- we get spliced ​​in (or phoned in, taking your pick) clips in one of the sex photographers and one or more of the girls elsewhere. It looks like it's from another movie. Then once you stay at home, there's a 'literacy' scene that's in bad choreography and injection (yes, we really need to see it all there), and then on the rape and killings. The first rape, not the photographers, promises the girls some work for their time. Then the murder, which likes the creature D'Amato simply covers the mud and gives a stupid face, and that for a gender reason kill the men and / or raped women one by one .. Now, should consider the latter of those, which was taken by themselves, in the filming of the movie. This is as it says, however, that the croups are the best part of a disassociate mess. An eye-fighting scene, a spike cast like an Olympic event (which is a scene, actually, is kind of cool), and finally enters the sex-crazy girl, whose inconsistencies my name can not remember. Even * * * this becomes irritating just by being correct in the title! On top of this, the sex scenes, which become tiring of 'Gaira' and its tolerance of time-taken-without cut-off everything by Japanese senses is blurry anyway, armed over by the actors ( you would think they seem to be enjoying themselves enough, hence the need to let them 'talk' for themselves). But the overall feeling from Entrails to a Virgin is that of a local one, where it just has to be gawked in and without a little bit of suspense or true horror (see as the last girl left alive, the girl in the picture, try to stop the killer from getting into it, lasting five minutes while holding the stick to him!) You just want it to be done and, for 'I hate mommy women to facilitate or to get rid of it all together.
