Satan's Sting is one of the best movies I Horror I saw. When I say best I mean the story. The movie wields a new plot, something that's not so cliché of the horror genre - something cool. But there are also some ridiculous questions that come along with it. Question you will ask yourself throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> The first movie caught my attention while I was cruising the horror section of HMV. I was tired of all the so-called "terrifiying" Hollywood blockbusters and wanted something different. The cover art for kids helping Satan instantly keep my attention. As you can see, the image draws you in - it's refrigeration! I knew it was a straightforward DVD release - but I took a chance. I mean, I just saw the "Boogey Man" the night before - so He could not get any worse! After I watched the movie, I was semi-satisfied. I liked the plot of the movie. He really cracked how the killer was pretending to be boy friend, so he could kill. In some ways it's a bit disruptive, he actually thought he and the little boy would become a partner - a duo of horror. It was a great idea to put the Halloween night movie. This way, no one would think anything of a masked man around a kid. They would simply think he was his guardian. But this also where the "draw pin" starts to surface. <br /> <br /> If your son came home with a "friend" he met trick or treat - that's fine. You would not think anything of it - if it was 9!, Or round about the same age as him. If, however, it appears with a strange man in a mask, you should be surprised and protected from your child. You would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. You would ask why it is with your son. He does not know him. You would tell him to please leave. It's not a family friend. He is a stranger. Now we are supposed to teach our children not to speak to strangers. In this case, the mum is completely fine with it. Huh? They never seem to think it is an odd tad that the "man" does not speak - at all. Grounded to think that it is their daughter companion, but after 10 minutes of not speaking you would pull the mask off and ask her why she does not say a word. <br /> <br /> The movie goes down from the hill. The thing that got me the most was, all the mum said it was "do you want some cider?". I can not count how many times it says in the movie. It's like, oh you're dying - we have cider though, it's all right! The film began to promise, and failed to deliver. It was more of a horror / comedy, and even as it failed to deliver. I guess you might call it a "Dude", "Flop" etc. The best thing about the movie is the art covered. Though, something tells me that's not worth the 12 dollars!
