I'll say first that I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 after some thought. I was going to give her a 1 outlet but got a couple of extra points for the body count. But that should be about it. Let me explain. I pay literally £ 1 for this DVD in a supermarket because I tend to have a lot of faith in Negotiating Negative Cops, B movies especially. But if this movie was aiming for status B as I suspect it was for a number of reasons (which I will touch over in a sec), then it fails breathtaking. Not only did he shoot for B and miss, he landed somewhere around F. This film has many opportunities to be good and it is very much fated on all accounts. I say above that he's lucky this movie was aiming for B's status and it seems to try and achieve this by attempting humorous mix and horror, which can be either very good or very bad. For example, later Freddy Movie (Dream Warriors Winter) are all about Freddy's style and nose-thumbing, which works out great! But this movie is completely bumpy in respect because the times where they tried to inject humor was mostly just stupid. I'll admit if that towards the beginning of the film the humor was good. In fact, for about half an hour I loved this movie and was preparing to congratulate myself on another good find. But what really kills this movie so I've killed them inappropriate. For example, when 'Satan' combats the cat against the board and writes 'boo' and without it using his body as a brush. Or when the 'Satan' slams the door of the elderly infant nurse infiltration. Now, I'm not usually also against without killing the movie-hey, which point, right? But in both cases I just found it incredibly offensive and unnecessary anything in the film scheme specifically. For me, the movie went down from that time. A big point on this film is that I hate all characters in it. The kid, Dougie was just annoying annoyance !!! I at a loss to explain how she could possibly write down all those bodies and those killed in her presence as a trick! I mean, come on !!! I fully understand that to be in a horror movie a character has to be a bit stupid, like running up when you should be flagrantly running out of the screaming house for help, but this kid took the biscuit! I wanted to kill him myself to end it! It was completely incredible and if I had heard him say 'duh! 'Another time I went to bang myself against a wall-because what looked like this movie felt like. Why did not I just turn the movie there? Mostly because I honestly believe one can sometimes buy a movie. But I was wrong in this case. The Finish PA has not redeemed this movie, it further exerts the hell from me and it was appropriate to the draw line. I found it already! The assassin always goes back dressed as someone else, be welcomed into the house by the stupid kid and goes on a killing spree again because no one suspects him in that suit! I GET! This movie made me physically upset because she was so stupid! And if not some bad mistakes you end up watching this movie, look out for the intestines. Frankly, if that guy actually had triplets that looked like that, I would be surprised he had not already died, let alone until Someones tear them out and ties them in a chair. , I'll even go too far to say that the only character I loved at all in this movie was actually the killer. Pepper because when 'comedy routine' he worked, he did work. All in all, the drawn line of this movie dragged anything that might have been good down. Why was the killer killed? I do not know. I can live without knowing who he actually was, fairly typical, but without some kind of motif - hell I do not know, I would settle for him having a bad Halloween like a kid! It just seems more than meaning, just stupid. Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. In fact, I hate this movie so much that I specifically recorded with IMDb just so I could comment on it. Save your money and save your sanity. Stay away from it!
