This is an "anthology" movie horror. He made up of 4 short stories taken from Robert Bloch's fiction (written for Weird Tales and his personal friend with HP Lovecraft, but it's famous for the original "Psycho"). The quality of stories are very unmatched and I did not think so much about the film was crap or terrible at all. It would be best to do it as a comedy as "Comedy of Terror." Only the last of 4 stories were really done in a funny way, and it's probably the best of them (one with Ingrid Pitt). I saw a few of these Amicus anthology films and the only one that really was worth my time was Freddie Francis' "Tale from the Crypt." The Anthology Style works well for the producers, because it means that they can hire a bunch of "big names" actors, employees for one week of shooting or so, and then bring to the next big name. So you essentially pay for 6 weeks of movie star earnings, but get 5 or 6 different names on the chapel. But this is very unfortunate for the audience, because the audience would like to see some scenes with Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee, and Ingrid Pitt actually acting together. Instead they are stuck in these stickers by themselves. So let's take them one at a time, shortly. The first story has Denholm Elliot, who does a really admirable job in trying to bring some dignity to his comic role as a writer terrorist by his own character. Unfortunately the actor who plays Dominic, the source of the horror, Tom Adams, just looks dummy that breaks any possible horror. There are some hilarious things if you want to laugh at it though, such as the scene where Dominic kills the psychiatrist Elliot. It's the patented scene where the killer strengthens behind the victim, but nobody will look, so the whole audience is supposed to call out "watch out to you!" The second story is the one with Peter Cushing. God I love this great man. Too many for many of its films, like this one, pretty much feel. In the story he was supposed to pining away for a very dear love, and he saw it looks like a wax museum. It's a completely predictable story that goes nowhere. Then you have the bit with Christopher Lee, where he plays the dad of a little kid that turns out to be a witch. Once again this bit could be fun if he played for laughing. But instead we are supposed to fears when Lee hit the child and wonder when it turns out to be wrong. The actress, Chloe Franks, was very good at that kind of "Seed Pills" role. <br /> <br /> The last story is kind of fun ... Ingrid Pitt plays an actress and Jon Pertwee plays an actor who accidentally buys a vampire cape who gets it into a real vampire. That's all about the story being offered. I was surprised at how bad England Ingrid Pitt is, I guess he must have been armed in some of the other films I've seen him in. <br /> Not a very memorable movie or one that I would recommend for anyone but complete horror.
