The film scenario is not cozy and picturesque. Two women travel in the east and discover themselves. Unfortunately, if you are looking for a movie to the east and Central Asia this is absolutely awful. The producers of the film either did no research or were incredible lazy when filming it. To begin with, and worse, the Nuristanis, as was known in the thirties, and indeed since the 1890s and conversion forces by Abdul-Rahman Shah in Afghanistan, were not nomads. In fact, they were not nomads since the invasion of Central Asia about three millennia ago. Secondly, the city was filmed as Tehran is not Tehran, which is understood, however the geography of the area around the city could not be more striking than the city of Tehran, which is surrounded by all sides by a large mountain range, most of the city views. <br /> <br /> Third, Persian, despite the fact that he speaks in Iran and Afghanistan, has never heard of films. When there are native speakers who speak German, they speak Arabic. The 'Persian' guards at the border, in fact, tell each other 'Ma hadha rujal' (This is not a person) and not 'tied nist' as it would in Persian. Also, the love song between the American princess and one of the main characters is obviously in Spanish. While speaking in one of the field of main characters they say that the Quran uses the words 'Ferdos' and 'jehaan' and make some references to afterwords drugs. These words certainly never appear in the Quran as they are Persian for Paradise (indeed, Ferdos and Paradise are far from being cognitive between our languages) and 'World' respectively, though Jehah is admittedly close to 'Jehennan' who is hell of arab. When they meet the nomads in the desert language they also speak Arabic, this despite the fact that no Arabic-speaking people in Iran in Afghanistan and its uses are mostly religious, and some use in education at that time. > <br /> When they stop in Iran before reaching Afghan border, the people are meeting them all unlike any Iranian group. Tents are typically bedouin and carpet decorations of the walls with a high profile. In Iran it is also very uncommon for people to put turbans unless they are a pastor. The spoken languages ​​are clearly Arabic from the initial greeting of 'Ahlan WA Sahlan.' When they arrived in Kabul the desert to find themselves in is Sandy, totally unlike the stone dust found in the arid part of mountain range in Hindu Kush. There is an absence of light rubbing the green that covers the soil in the summer and spring. The area is also not completely burned by the extreme hills in the mountain range which has its name, the Indian killer, because of its difficult and limited soil. In short, the story line is the only thing in this movie that holds any water and is still weak and commonplace. It lacks any real plot of it, being merely the story of two women trying to learn about themselves as they reach Nuristan, however, even that is still born and there is no real feeling of feeling, leaving the characters in the end just where they were at the beginning and nothing changed except that the global war broke loose. In short, this is a really bad movie that I would have rated at one star except for the good footage of Bedouin and Desert in the Levant, though they are misnamed.
