The first cite of "Miami Golem" most definitely deserves a place at the top, says, fifty of the most deployed cemetery ever scripped down! I know the top 50 does not sound too impressive, but I've seen a lot of really unusual movies and crazy cemetery. I was prepared for something complicated, because the film was directed and co-written by Alberto De Martino, who was one of the most ambitious and creative, but sadly mixed the Italian film. De Martino steals multiple ideas from successful suksebusters, as most Italian directors do around this time, but it always adds a lot of things to make it even more complex, confusing and overwhelming. Not all of the movie De Martino are refreshing, but some of them are very underrated, such as "A Special Magnum for Tony Saitta", "Holocaust 2000" and "Formula for Killing". The concept of "Miami Golem" contains elements from many great sci-fi and flicks adventure (such as "aliens", "starman", "close encounters of the third," "ET"), but I did not exactly call it a rip-off. The only thing that is really stolen is from another film is the singing theme song that sounds almost identical to Axel F.'s Axel F. from "Beverly Hills Cop". The rest of the movie is a fun hodgepodge of fantasy, sci-fi, action, horror and superhero-movie physics. It certainly does not always make sense (most of the time it's not, actually), but "Miami Golem" is endlessly an imaginative and multifaceted film that has kept my mate and I fascinated from start to finish. /> The plot is very difficult to temporarily resume but I'll try anyway. The skeptical journalist Craig Milford is reporting the story of a German scientist who allegedly discovered extraterrestrial DNA inside a meteorite crashed and managing his script. The DNA cell is part of an alien force that has already exterminated another interstellar race in the past and will definitely destroy all humanity as soon as it grows large enough in size. If this is not enough problem already, Mr. Anderson's richly ordered to steal the fetus slowly grows because he thinks he can manipulate it and use it to gain world domination. With the help of some good aliens in an earthly disguise, Craig Milford has the hard work of protecting the planet from the evil fetus. Well, I know all this sounds grotesque and funny, but I assure that "Miami Golem" is in fact a light-headed and easy-to-beat movie. The first half of the movie can come across as much agitated and confusing, because Alberto De Martino tries to keep secret from plots in the use of red cardiovascular. There are subliminal ghost appearances, supportive characters that carry mysterious exaggeration for no real reason and at some point have the same speculation on the losing continent of Atlantis. This is all fake padding materials, however, and as soon as the set-up is more or less clear "Miami Golem" becomes an action film popcorn early 80's and massacre of blood, flaming sequence chasing (at Florida Everglades!), Explosions, free sleep and nasty little fetus monsters in jars. Now, I really do not want to increase the impression that "Miami Golem" is a lost and inevitable gem in Italian exploitation cinema. Make no mistake, this is a very bad movie! The events only become endurable if you accept the clue and inconvenience of the plot and if you do not succeed in this, well than this is just a spitfire that does not stop in negative aspects. Their performance is painfully awful. Particularly B-movie veteran John Ireland, as James Bond's archetypal character, does not seem less interested in the script. You can say in his grimace and the way he delivers his line that he also thinks the whole output is delayed and simply sign up for the check. Laura Trotter is probably the youngest sexy lust-ever object, and the person who really cares for the VHS cover has to be felt exactly the same way, because the girl ravishing on the cover does not appear anywhere in the movie. What an embarrassment this must be for Ms. Trotter. Still, stripping strips completely guarantee it to compensate for this, as it was quite hot out of the neck down. And, finally, there's unforgettable scenes where David Warbeck takes down a helicopter from a moving school bus with a regular pistol! I do not think that John Rambo can do that, while he is a Vietnamese veteran beefcake and Warbeck's character is a simple TV-reporter.
