A reporter, Craig Milford, who works for the James Keller Public Telecommunication Center, has an interview with a German professor at a Floridian university, which made a sex-based animal based on some meteoric substances. But then a man named Anderson, who is trying to control the entire planet with the beast, and his man killed the teacher and his assistant and plundered the beast. So, Craig and her new female partner, Joanna Fitzgerald, who can communicate not only to the people, but also to foreign friends (s) of the animal, begin to find the animal and try to send it to a foreign spatial. This film has some great designs and sticks. For example, he has the actor, David Warbeck of BEYOND, the actress, Laura Trotter of NIGHTMARE CITY, the special visual creator, Sergio Stivaletti of the chief Dario Argento, and the director (and also the story-writer), Alberto De Martino in the man and eyes of the ICY and the military are on the phone. And the talented people make an immensely bad movie, called, nothing but MIAMI GOLEM which is essentially a confused film combined in CLOSE ENCOUNTERS in the third KIND and EXTRA-TERRESTRIAL E.T. And this not only-confused-but-also-stacked film has something worthwhile; Genetic genetic and psychological research. Consequently, the film has at least a scientific and / or technical flaw; Geneetic genetic and cyclical research are never compatible. (Strangely enough, regarding this unusual childhood combination of genetic engineering and psychological research, the main character, Craig, himself said to be a much more explanation of the short-haired Psychic, Joanna.But, after all, the whole story The whole of the movie does not and can not present any kind of EPLANMAN better.) In addition, this movie has something more ridiculous; its problematic music. What is the composer, who is credited as Robert Marry, is nothing but the strangely stubborn music of BEVERLY-HILLS-COP-tasting. I do not mean this Italianened theme at BEVERLY HILLS COP's is particularly bad music, but I must say it seems to be obviously clear the music does not have the physical for this film is not at all. Indeed just who can think BEVERLY HILLS COP has the compatibility and genetic engineering and / or psychological research?
