This is a movie that takes some digests. On one hand, we offer a difficult outdoors, a story that not only derives the Catholic Church, but it does so crazy, and it does not form. On an inner layer, we offer a history of Orthodoxy on Orthopraxis, and what happens when people follow a blind faith that they do not have to understand. <br /> At first glance, it appears this was supposed to be a comedy. If so, then Mr. Durang needs to open a dictionary, because it clearly does not know the meaning of the word. The jokes are talking; The humor is awkward and poorly delivered. In particular, Keaton's performance is stealing and over the top, well below the quality of its Annie Hall and Sleeper Days. Jennifer Tilly is again the model of Stridens, with its hi-up voice and bright style. All of this could be forgiven if it was not for the last 20 minutes of this film, which obviously was a controversial game made in 1981. <br /> <br /> *** Caution, spoilers Before *** <br /> <br /> It all begins with the appearance of four ex-students of Sister Mari Ignatius (Ignatius, by the way, is a male name, and a little would not adopt it after he promised it Under any circumstances simply because of this fact, just show you how so many researches go into the project to begin with.) When they all admit that they do not live up to the teachings of the Church, the sister continues to become irrational and abusive In a way the audience is believed to have returned back in the correct, all-too-clipped sepia-tone flashback. When one of them admits there are two abortions, the storm becomes even more abusive, until the student pulls a gun. After her struggle away from her, the nobility kills the student, presumably in self-defense. He then goes on a screaming rampage, killing an ex-gay man because of his sins. The last shot is in the dead student woman lying in a Christ as posed as a shadow of a cross hanging on it. Can you say heavy? I knew you could! <br /> I know that they have had abusive abuses in the past, and I know many people have been emotionally injured as a result, but this feeds our down pride at almost every other shot in this trawl trail into a movie. I heard from the writer and the director that this is a movie about hysteria and why one should not follow the ortodok so religion, no pun intended. This explanation is difficult to swallow, though, simply because we never give an authoritative opinion that is not prejudiced against faith in Catholics in one way or another. This film is simply anti-Catholic inwardness, which in the name of justice and equality, is to say spirit and lovers. This is a movie I would recommend a Catholic, namely to wake him or her to the realities of what cynicism and ignorance are facing today. If 'Rabbi Ray explains it all' or 'Imam Muhammad explains it all,' there would be protests on the streets and Showtime would lose all of its subscriptions. But sadly, because this is a movie that strikes out against what is perceived to be the majority, it is accepted and even applauded by people who share similar in point of view. <br /> I certainly expect every member of cast was a Catholic practice, so it was not just unaware that they made this movie. <br /> I give her 1.5 stars out of 5, not because of her offensive nature, but because she was wrong writing, poorly directed and just a bad movie in general. Do not even waste your time.
