As a "Catholic fell" who was 11 years old at Catholic schools, but she was not Mass in 35 years except for marriage and burial, I thought I would get a kick out of this. And I did. . . for the first two thirds of the film. It was all the standard - strict parochial teaching, reprimand sexuality, etc. But then, suddenly, the movie turned out to mean. Really mean. Now, your idea, I've seen this before the pedophile scandal hits. . . and maybe I would not have been so well run into those nasty, dig hated in the Catholic Church if I would have known about these abominations (such as a Catholic term!) and coverups. <br /> It was a few years since I rented the video, and I will not go back to rent it again with a new perspective. She just left such a messy, ugly, ugly taste in my mouth. . . I wonder what experiences all the actors have had the Church, because they either * really * hate her, or are whore themselves for the check. It is an incredibly anti-Catholic film, offensive to anyone with a glimmer of brilliance in respect of Catholic education. Which I always do because there was no better teacher back to the '50s. Whatever other men did, I was forced to learn how to read and write the English. They made us memorize. (How many children today can make simple arithmetic in themselves?) Truth is, there is nothing more essential for success in America. Can you read it? Will it add / subtract / multiply / divide? Great. You can get any advanced degree you want. And the discipline of Catholic education will stand you in good standing, not just as you continue your study, but also for the rest of your life, no matter what you think of our Catholic mythology we all learned. > <br /> Like a great cast, like a lousy, rotten script. I really feel bad (and no, it's not "badly" - trust me, the masters teach me better) for the writer and director. <br /> I thought I was mixed emotions about Catholic schools. But participants in this project must have been those bad (dh.e, stupid) children sitting in the back of the room, if they wanted to participate in doing this movie.
