Final Score ... who cares - it's a reality show. He has no love for his audience, he panders television television viewers, puts nothing into and gets nothing out. <br /> <br /> "Millionaire Joe", the most glaring reality reality show of them all, is a TV disaster in seasonal proportions. It's a varnish basin, momentary under rock, not only for Fox, but for the public watch Americans who actually look, love and talk about this crap the next day. But we are humiliated. Because as much as Fox promotes this junk he will not make any money unless he's looking at people (and his boyfriend, the final has received almost Super Bowl numbers!). It does not bother you people who have plenty of quality writing, directing, acting and generally having the effort put in being canceled while you sit back and set up this easy, show cool game? I used to be a contaminated supporter of Fox. It's those of us like me who loves and seeks TV quality that helps build Fox back in the days of couples ... and kids with the Simpsons. Convenient enough, now neither of these shows would make it 6 weeks with the current management. Gail Berman in "Horror of Terror" as he often calls. The network was making war on TV scripted AK, oddly enough, it's their fans. Many people have helped build them at the start. Now, not only do we have to fight for good shows, but we have to fight against their own networks. It boggles yourself. There is nothing Fox, made in the last 3 years to make any sense. From cancellation hit as "Titus", "Futurama" and "John Doe" (NBC can renew "Boomtown", but Fox can not raise itself slowly giving only the decent show this season was another shot?). And the reason can do all this: the success of junk as "Joe Millionaire". They can now say "We do not need your TV fan, we have reality shows". They apparently seem to have no idea that the big audience draws with this junk is vulnerable and they will abandon the second the next whim coming together. Scrolling bases like this will eventually kill the network as it puts ABC back. <br /> <br /> The show itself is a joke. Here we have a quote, in the now classic Fox, which promises us something different and edgy, but then delivers something not in any way different from the "bachelor" or anything over the big 3. The Fox Go endikap. The final and "twist" (quote / unquote) showed no ideas up the sleeves. Now we know that all this shows, no matter how different to look, all will finish the same cornball, unfinished story ends. We've got a bunch of actors who actor actors that the network has chosen from millions of top-shots to fit the parades around like bimbos high school pretending to love this Evan Marriott because ... well It was a competition and that's what you are supposed to do. Marriott himself is like a warrior-distorted Chro-Magnum who is fighting to put together the simplest sentences. But how the women (all the means are ugly looking in the way - a less important one is a fun pleasure show like this) does not fall for "Joe" with such lines as "Look, You're Not Stupid." /> <br /> I used to think that people watching these facts / dating / game shows were just lazy to change the channel, but after "Joe Millionaire" I think to be really mentally deficient. Come on people, there's a bit more pride in ourselves. Request a bit more from your leisure then that. <br /> <br /> Boykott FOX.
