"Swan" starts out with credit well-reminiscent of "re-entertainers" cinema, and it must be a lot of them. The story looks very much; An angry physician develops a serum that he believes will relieve pain, illness and death, but it's apparently not a big believer in clinical trials and thus winds up with a brain-eating zombie on his hands in the person of his nephew. them. The same zombie resembles one of those from "Re-Enhancer," and in fact some of the make-up effects of "Seran" are not bad. Unfortunately, the script is very slow and incredible in quite some places, resulting in a soap opera feel for most of the first 3/4 of the movie. For some reason, the director feels pressured to tell us the time in every few minutes by flashing it in great white letters across the screen. I can not see why this was important, other than an attempt to provide viewers with a sense of time; sometimes, should not be otherwise present as the plods plot together. There are a number of times that just do not add up here. For example, one injured victim with a sledge hammer, but when we see the victim's head up, there is no sign of this trauma. In another scene, a character runs down a fully lit literal hospital corridor (we can see the circles of light on the floor, in fact) with a flashlight in hand, looking for the whole world as it walked in the dark. but a moment later a second character walks down the fully-lit corridor without one. These are just a couple of examples; moments of what look like direct or editable sloppiness crop up quite often throughout the movie. <br /> <br /> "Serom" is better in some ways than much of what goes straight-to-video as horror independent recently. In terms of technical items ?? sound and photography, for example ?? He got a more polished look than a lot of what land on a DVD. On the other hand, there is still a good deal of wooden acting (particularly not one of the lead characters, the crazy scientist himself!) And nonsense that has nothing to do with the suspension of disbelief and everything to do and write with continuously. Maybe these are the things that people are involved with doing this movie will eventually get more experience and, though. One of the issues with low-budget horrors is lately that filmmakers often set out to notice the most popular movies that have the biggest budget, and that almost never worked out. It was not in the case of "Seran," anyhow.
