Green Street, as it was called in the UK, or Hooligans is a bad movie. The story is all fabulous and local ideas that anyone who lives in England, was in a football match or knows the first thing about football being checked immediately. <br /> <br /> My first primary and hooligans are the poor casting of the two main characters. Do not get me wrong, I love Elijah Wood and have a great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he has pulled this role. The main motivation for her character is anger in the system and anger in betrayal, however she spends much of the filmy and cheery films, only shows her pinned aggression in one short scene towards the end of the movie. This linked to his looks and physicality makes him an exclusive addition to a gang of hull football. There was no point during the film I was convinced that a) he could handle himself in a fight against these thugs and b) the 'farm' of thugs would accept such a person to fold them. is the main character played by Charlie Hunnam. Charlie looks like the party, and is fairly convinced as a Thug. Unfortunately, being a native of Newcastle Upon Tyne to the North of England, she demonstrates the worst East London accent since Dick Van Dyke has tried to kick-in-y from Poppins. Details like this probably will not disturb an American audience that will be less suited to regional dialect in the UK, but from the UK it was a problem I could not ignore and it contributed to damaging the movie for me. Thrown into support all gave performance convincing and was well disposed, especially the role of Bover. The boy playing this character was more suited to the main role that Charlie played. With a movie like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are possible, unfortunately, the casting fails. Imagine if you made a movie like The Godfather and had Sean Hayes (Jack) from Will and Grace playing Michael Corleone to the party. You should not be convinced. The story of Hooligan is also full of implausibility. I am not Football Hooligan, but I'm a fan of football fans. I know how cliquey a regular 'soccer supporter' group may be, as it considers it impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, not out of the question area and not even in English nationality to be embraced by a 'firm' equivalent to a secret organization in some serious cases. My final, and bigger, problem with this movie is the way it shows football hooligans. I take into account the idea that despite being very violent, the Hooligan is excused as they live by some sort of ropes of ethics in their own world, and they should be admired for being brave and loyal to one another. This is complete waste. Football hooligans fill out scum. They take the football, national sport in England and use it as a terrorist excuse, frightening and intimidating people. They only represent a small percentage of football fans but give the whole game to people in this country a bad reputation. They are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. If the 'GSE' of this movie really loves the clubs, West Kam, why would devote their lives to being a spotty on its behalf. Hooligans are a troubles in football and English society. Football hooligans make for the football reputation that Hitler has made reputation in Germany. Although this movie tries to / intend to show 'fearless' side of football violence. It does nothing more than encourage it as some kind of unlucky activity for extreme fans of the sport. It does not show the poor non-standers innocents of football matches whose days have been lost by some identities sending coins / lighters / worms to the crowds. It does not show innocent homes and homeowners who must wear graffiti and broken windows. It does not show the real fans of football clubs that suffer from indigestion and embarrassment when team sponsors are banned from traveling to matches or overseas in the European games because the thugs in the middle are ruining it for everyone. If you want to see a good movie about football violence, watch BBC's 'drama' drama.
