This is one of those films that make you want the time you spent watching it back, and then some, like the time you passed accidentally picking it out, the time you passed the the video store, etc. /> The first, look at: It's a lot, it's low budget. Now that in itself does not make for a bad movie. But the way it was filmed to do the action unnatural, so that's kind of distracted. Then the story. 3 gals go on a weekend's weekend away from the guys. Of course, as everyone does when they go on a camping trip, they stop on the road to get earrings. When they reach the area where they are staying, they get pulled by Mr. Sir Ranger, who scolds them to send a cigar lighter out of the car in the fire season, and then drive them where they are go (a remote cabin). Of course, 2 "nice guys" wander around, and Bambi (yes, Bambi) and Aubry are immediately hit, but apparently Bambi is struck by nothing with the feet. Mady is rather disappointed by this development because she was looking forward to a weekend forget about her former she did not get sh ** - to deal with stones and pale-hair. <br /> Oh, and I'm almost forgotten, there is an old hermit that lives up in this way, this is perhaps someone who does not interfere with, and the area with the cabin in which they will stay there sort of "reputation". So, of course, sooner or later (unfortunately, many later) some of our timber-week visitors start to die and find various traps traps (although a couple of them actually hit a little lower than that) And of course, the remaining peers are mad. No phone reception of course (who would miss out on a chance to check their cell phone for reception in a movie again?). Mr. Ranger Sir keeps popping up at odd times and his behavior seems a bit odd but he says he will get help. <br /> There is a fantastic twist that you just will not want to miss too, if you are still awake. Pray that you wake up in an empty screen. Acting in this is terrible, the production values ​​are terrible, and the whole undertaking is just lame and I find it amazing this was even released. Avoid all expenses, 1 out of 10.
