'A LIKE smile' is a pathetic comedy that actually makes no sense. I do not mean that the story was complicated, but the whole scheme based on one thing: a desperate and inexpensive attempt to unsuccessfully conceive children. Those who have tried hard to forget about the option of adoption, in which this film is not good. Lauren Holly plays Jennifer Robertson, a complete contradiction on anything offered in women's liberation movement, shows almost no sense of independence. It is quite a boring character as a dreamy housewife with absolute anything else about herself, but having children. Like a 50-mute romance comedy, Greg Kinnear is her husband submissive as she does not show any personality, no independence, and from us, no interest. They are the most boring and often annoying characters, and they hardly make for topics in a comedy that should present themselves with many bad, which should arise from a couple doing everything they can to conceive. Except, they really do nothing except going to a fertility clinic and shell out a lot of money to do what they might do in privacy of their own (except for that in vitro fertilization numbers). The scheme hardly allows for any bad, because well, the couple does nothing to create any sort of bizarre situation. They just go to this clinic. So, what? <br /> <br /> The subplots mean that they test the loyalty of the couple, a necessary element of the story since the couple plans to design a child together. Jennifer is working in a new age shop with her friends (played by Joan Cusak), and in the business of developing aphrodisiac. Christopher MacDonald plays the buyer entrested and Jennifer is the negotiator promising at a nice price for her and her friend's products. The subplot hardly offers much to keep you interested (although Joan Cusak is very funny at the restarant scene). Danny (Kinear) is an architect, who gets an opportunity to make some extra money to cover clinical bills, not taking a job in Seattle, where his boss is bronze seductress (also another hopeless, discouraging female character ) who tries to influence Danny (as dumb as it is) has an affair with things once they are readily rocks with him and his wife (for reasons I do not care to give away). Jill Hennesy is good in the role, but her character is too predictable, and too much formula as a component that is most needed to create conflict for Danny. It is stupid and once again, hardly interesting. <br /> <br /> The movie in general itself is utterly boring, and hardly funny at all (save the scene of restaraunt and flight the aircraft). The scheme offers nothing that is really careful-grabbing. Even if the story was entirely about two people trying to become pregnant, the writers could have calculated out many hilarious bugs to develop from that. Secondly, the main characters are completely boring. They are the complete silhouettes of comedy 1950 mute and happy wife and clueless husband. So even without being present in the plot, the characters themselves offer nothing interesting, let alone funny. Joan Cusak should be in the lead and someone else should have taken part of the Kinnear. Cusak would have made even an extremely ugly comic story (as it sometimes does in his co-star role here). This is definitely one to pass.
