As a movie cinema fan, I was aware of the womb since its release in 1999. Out of the little I would allow people to tell me about it, I suppose it was very original and sophisticated. I also a devotee to Alice in Wonderland. I can never know how I missed the Matrix when it was released. With the imminent release of the reloaded matrix, it was time to buy the DVD and watch it. <br /> <br /> The disappointment was too big. The situation in the uterus (the device controls as opposed to the movie) was smart. First-world philosophical parallel world, alternative reality is shopworn. However, I could still be bought in the movie, as science fiction, if it remained firmly in that genre. Unfortunately, it turns into a standard, "they will or will not be saved, break through, rescue those in need of relief, etc." To make matters worse, it has become another martial artistic exercise. The problem is that science fiction and martial arts are really of different types. For the most reasonable, the agent of one or the other, mixing the two does not work. It is like combining science-fiction and romance. You can have one or the other, but not both in the same movie, or, at least, by both of the same limits of the same movie. <br /> <br /> If there were problems with the matrix, Matrix Reloaded really composed the problems. At least thirty minutes in the movie was either the martial arts sequence or the chase-machine chase. (This observation ignores the question, made in every professional, negative review of the movie: If neo could make this superman thing, why harass the fight at all? The answer, of course, is this that draws young the male, demographic group in the theater.) Then there is the "redemption of love". Device tracing was torn out by Richard Wagner about a hundred years ago. He was actually occupying his best in Die Gotkeepermerung. So the place left the person who saw the reloaded womb. Martial Arts fans probably groan in the trite but arcane sci-fi philosophy. Science fiction fans were wondering why they were sitting in a cow-fun festival. Most of the men in the audience are probably bored by the romantic aspect of the movie. <br /> <br /> Just what you are supposed to get for your bucks when you see the Matrix Franchise Films: Science fiction, martial arts, or soap opera? A bit of each does not make for a whole lot more of any of them, nor for a movie to meet the afficionados of each.
