The 'Matrix' was an interesting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic, but also curiosity thought provoking its way to 'Critical Zone'. The general rule applies here- and this end does not match up to its predecessor. Worse than that, it does not even compare to it. <br /> <br /> `lodged 'explosion on the screen in fashion most fashionable. In a few seconds the opening of the first impression is quite aptly as Trinity is shooting in a dream. Immediately afterwards, the dwarf-dip movie. After a first 45-minute disaster, it gradually gained momentum when they entered the Matrix and the Smith Smith battle took place. But he lost all speed when it comes to 14-minute sequence of chase cars and gets even worse in the deep-deserved fate of the end. Worst of all is the 'Rave' hill scene. Not only does he have absolutely nothing to do with the plot, but it's also a pathetic excuse for pornography and depression. <br /> <br /> The bullet-time aspect of the 'Matrix' was a good addition, but in '' lodged 'they abuse to look boring. In the first one there was to draw interesting plots, but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting. The film is basically just a series of stylish disciplines that prevent us from realizing just how empty it really is. It works on the correct guiding principle is better. It appears that the matrix franchise has rapidly descended into special effects to dip misfire other franchises such as the legendary Star Wars. Standard act is poor for the most part. The best character of course goes to 'Smith Smith Weaving' - the only one to be a bit interesting. Keanu Reeves is Neo's definitive, but in all special effects, there are small rooms to make a lot of impact. Academy Awards Award Laurence Fishburne reduced to a monotonous mentor and poor dialogue. Carrie Ann Moss' as Chick's action could be best done by any other actress. <br /> A poor, thrown-together movie, `the owl lodged 'is a deception. Those who do not love the first are unlikely to be his sheep. That's one for hard-hitting fans only. Even in the own sub-genre film of special bonanza (Minority Report, Matrix etc.) this is still rather poor. My User rating: 4.5 / 10.
