The first film was lush and incredible character development, sleek dialogue, and action-packed actions and flow of the story. These elements - coupled with incredible special effects of the day - featuring a magic ride that keeps you in suspense all the time. Wear Matrix Reloaded (and its End, Revolution). The problem here is not the special effects or sequences to fight as some can argue; The brothers have taken well-developed characters into the first movie and crush them out like rotten logs. ?? The first established connection between viewers and characters on screen in the first movie was lost when you realized these are not the same characters from the first uterine movie. <br /> <br /> There, Morpheus has developed as a charisma, philosophical characters and insight far beyond anyone else in the movie, but here's Reloaded - we're presented by a different Morpheus which means and hollow, reduced to one-Material that contradicts the character we have seen developing in the first film. This character just did not feel the same, and this could also be said about the characters supported in the movie. <br /> <br /> Remove from 'tank' was also a disappointment. Tank involvement in the first film was minimal at best, but it played the role very well. In Reloaded, we discovered that Tanks died after the events of the first movie, and it was replaced by a Jar Jar Stunt Cascade cascade that could not act to save it live (think stale boxes in the corn flakes Kellogg). His performance left me chuckling at all, and most of his speakers dated lacking distribution. There was an overwhelming sense that he was either trying too hard to convey his emotions on the screen or the delivery of the script was off; In any case, the experience was funny! At that moment I felt embarrassed by the actor ... <br /> <br /> Even the neo persuaded God most during the battle succession. The Battle of Allies and the 200 Silver Clones Smith was certainly exaggerated. One must ask, for a man who is gifted as neo - that he would even waste his time engaging in such a defenseless, frivolous battle when most important matters go through (especially when you consider his ability to fly or ability his crucifixes bend the Matrix; certainly Neo could send the clones faster, and more efficiently). Again, these acts lend themselves to a script prevented by consistency, and scenes created as filler to keep us from feeling jipped. In gestures, our expectations of the characters created in the first movie are abandoned promptly. Unfortunately, for those who wait more at the same - you will certainly walk away feeling sorry shame. <br /> However, if you take your standard, run-of-the-mill action movie, and forget the incredible story inconsistencies and untwining of already established character development from the first movie, you should walk away feeling happy .
