I tried to remove anything that could be considered a beke. I assume that you have seen the movie first or at least know the art in general, so if you do not have some of this might not make sense. <br /> <br /> Draws this movie to beat the audience on the head and ramblings tired of philosophical again and again in an attempt to get the theme across. We are bombarded again and again by questions of purpose, purpose, and choices, and forcing them to hold their long sessions, including coastline torturas. <br /> Neo, arose from a dream of the last movie, now begins a period of realization of his own existence. There are a lot of revelations in this movie, which I will wave about that they will not seem like deflators. If you are still worried about the waves of the movie, read the paragraph below. * The strength and weakness of faith is revealed. Their strength and weakness in love, and its temporary nature, are also revealed. The interdependence of human and technology, and our faith in technology, are also revealed. The importance of choice and experience is revealed. Explain further things that will reveal would go into too much detail, so I will avoid (as the guidelines for writing a Comment). BTW, not "reveal" I mean knocking in our ears with eyes like nails. <br /> <br /> Storyline: So how do Neo and the gang get from the end of the last movie at the beginning of the next? In short, they hold faith, and use and abusive treatment-stylized action and bullet-time as it will come out of style (and after that exposition, I hope film-to-goers and musicians seem to learn to appreciate subtlety and originality a bit more). More on that later. To not spoil anything, I'll say no more than the promo material already made: Neo is still trying to figure out the Matrix, and she is looking for answers while trying to save the people, and Zion, all while the wicked will go after him with his coyote. The very beautiful movie chooses where the last one left. <br /> Action: While martial arts action and gunplay peppered its predecessor in part somewhat equally, this film focuses much more on martial arts than weapons, adding swords, seals, etc. to the mix. Special effects are so often used and balanced in the audience's face that it becomes really tedious. I've been discussing this movie with friends and colleagues, and almost all of them have found some of the action sequences - especially the "Smith Smith" we all would be in the movie - to be too long and tiring. This is a big red flag for action fans, because the end of a sequence of actions should either leave you wanting a bit bit more, or completely content with the awesomeness that just happened. <br /> <br /> These battle scenes are neither. They are over-stylized, over-the-top sequences of wood and unenspired. In the first movie, there was a real sense of despair in some of the action, a sense that battle was for survival, not only good looking (which I honestly did not think they managed to reloaded anyway) in black and leather . Go to see Drunken Master or Monkey Iron after this movie reminds yourself of what sequence of good battles - you will not regret it. In addition, the "matrix capacity" holders of reloaded are not consistent, and what they actually do is not consistent. The first movie was its inconsistency here, but they were not too blatant - unlike reloaded. <br /> <br /> Special effects are pouring over and over and over. All the little things a person does, let's just jump, somersault, turn, and in many cases just ask, <br /> <br /> slows-bullet, bullet-timed, or over-accentuated by some sort of destruction . Obviously, W Bros had a ton of money cast in the movie, and the boys had thrown it, with no real constraints. Sharp editors could really have helped this, but the first movie was such a hit that was free of charge of the King of the World, which brought us. . .. Character and dialogue: I was already more or less told the dialogue was tired and full of philosophical platitudes. The actors can not really bring much depth to the characters when the script and the direction is facing the audience's face production, or neglecting it altogether. The audience does not have time to present nuances and substances so they can contemplate the character on their own. <br /> <br /> <br /> Keanu's performance is the best stake. Keanu is good at acting confused, and that's about everything he does in this movie. He made a decent attempt to show passion between Neo and Trinity, but he fell flat. Lawrence tries to make Morpheus everything from Moses to Henry V, and to be as cool as a cat at all. With the script it is provided, it does a noble attempt, but it also falls flat. Moss is not very credible either. Watching it's anxiety is still the same, much like Keanu's, and the chemistry is not there, although in the very physical scenes they are fake it well enough. <br /> <br /> Hugo once again brought its sense of being to an Agent program, but he also suffered from the script. I actually get it to be the most exciting character of the bunch, but instead of their development just make it an excuse for a big, drawn out battle scene. <br /> In all, this movie is beyond disappointing if you had good expectations, and on its own, as a stand-alone movie (which is not how it should be taken) is still terrible. I do not see the uterus as deep, but I at least see it as an enjoyable enough romp that has some interesting ideas, good action, a few funny lines, and enough symbolic restrictions and attraction to entertain the attentive. Reloaded fails on all these counties, and I really hope W Bros will give us a better experience of the 3rd installment. Granted, I do not have a lot of hope left so that after that movie.
