Watchable little semi-savvy, but hardly fascinating. Still, two or three funny moments. What amazes I'm how slippery and morally highly questionable McNicol is. It plays an invalid (a leg problem), but it's not just not "ugly in the butts" who is crying, but it's even a man-eater - and we suppose it's him! Oh, poor McNicol little, and her legs problems ... Poor little McNicol ?? It is still getting over by people, and even the huge deposits as blinking! At one occasion she even had a one-night prey with a blonde stud, and then said she had just found French girlfriend quite non-chalantly that she took her time to get an erection! Make our viewers wonder why it is so leg-conscious if all guys want to mouth it. Well, almost every guy; The only guy who really shunned him after seeing his legs wrapped up in metal is the guy working on the phone. But otherwise it seems to be just fine with men! No shy, no shortage of success with men, and it throws them away like toys; The road he had dropped Carradine was ridiculous. Poor little girl worthwhile ?? I do not think so. But we are supposed to believe that this woman has a major confidence problem; Hence the stage in which he was prepared to start playing the flute for a solo concert and somehow managed to send the notes to the ground from scratches. Nerve? The rest of the film shows little or nothing that would suggest that it has confidence problems, so stageless flute is absurd and does not fit into the bigger picture. I was also surprised how quickly and quickly McNicol made friends with a French woman who fucks a married guy. On the surface of the film would appear a "sentimental story of a woman struggling to accept" (or something like that) but it's nothing like this all; The writer clearly shifts between this type of film and a "vicious thing that moves - it's the 80s" kind of movie - very confusing. As far as her legs: she does not like it has a large, red-colored red fat on its calf muscle. It "only" has a normal metal prosthesis attached to the lower part of her leg, so I really do not understand why the musicians in the film try to make it seem as if it is a quasimodo girl or something, in the starting in the movie. It's not like having a twin head growing out of her neck! Even if McNicol is hardly a bigger catch. Types of cutie but nothing special, quite average. <br /> But what the hell is Carradine doing to play some kind of (relatively) guy flirting list with McNicol and his pals? This guy was in "Revenge of the Nerds"! But I guess it's the same with the Carradines of the films as it is with Kennedys in politics: no matter how ugly, capable, or mute, all the doors open for a career in cinema and politics, respectively. > <br /> Water and Nepotism. <br /> <br /> If you want to read biographies on the Carradines, and other Hollywood and morphologist neurotics, contact me by e-mail.
