Another double double on a disc from Video Warner video and by far the best of the two movies is wonderful 1950 RKO thriller "Where Love Dangers". This is a classic memorable and a great cast of Robert Mitchum, Faith Domergue and Claude Rainy. Crisply photo of Black & White by Nicholas Musuraca has been well-directed by John Farrow. "Location Danger Lives" is a prime example of the noir style of photographs made and will always be remembered for its stylish craftsmanship of Hollywood - (See my full review). <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, none of the above praise can apply to the second movie on the disc, the MGM movement 1949 Stinker TENSION! Poor Written (Allen Rivkin) and directed by John Berry Movie is full of funny features and easy situations. The unbearable relationship between a mild pharmacist and familiar vaccine - spells played by Richard Baseheart - and his wife eventually floating (a risky Audrey Totter) is totally implausible and compelling (how the earths have ever been welcomed in the first place is the guess of anybody). Then when he "surprisingly" drew him for one of his playmates (Lloyd Gough) our shy pharmaceuticals, instead of being euphoric and on the new moon and finding good fortune, revenge plots and attempts to kill Gough , but the last minute chicken out. The guy is murdered anyway and our pharmacist is immediately suspected by Barry Sullivan homicide detective (another blatant performance). So who killed him? Well, at this stage of the movie you really could not care less since it is all so seriously executed and ridiculed by Berry director. Mr. Berry has no idea about rhythm and is able to inject even a smidgen into the style of the stuff. There is nothing he can put in front of the camera that will hinder you from cutting! The only tension contained in this movie is in the rubber band that stretches to its boundaries with masters of the fingers of Barry Sullivan as it gives the intro to the film's opening. So much for that! A most unfortunate effort! C'est La Vie! <br /> <br /> The best thing about this turkey is the monochrous movie list by the great Harry Stradling, an effective note by a young Andrew Previn and a very dramatic appearance by the beautiful Cyd Charisse before he finds dancing shoes li. Hey! - Maybe he could save the picture he gave us a few steps with a couple of pirouettes! HUH? <br /> <br /> In favor of it however, they are piles of extras including many trailers, reviews and featurings for both films. But the disc is worth it alone for the RKO Mitchum Classic!
