"Memory of a Geisha" is a visually stunning melody that looks more like a camp, dragging satir queen than anything to do with real people. The first half of the defensive film keeps emphasizing that geishas are neither prostitutes nor concubines, that they are the embodiment of traditional Japanese beauty. But other than a splendid dance, the rest of the dejenerates movie of "cute baby" in Historical Territory, or at least Vashti and Esther in the Purim story, as all the women's efforts in art and artifacts are about many fun, great, soldier drink. Perhaps it is Japanese culture that has been prostituted, and not just lying Americans after World War II. <br /> <br /> Maybe it's strained to speak in English, but Ziyi Zhang shows barely little of the big rocket she demonstrates in "House of Flying Daggers" and "Hero (Ying Xiong ). " Michelle Yeoh occasionally comes to project a glimmer of performance to ensure it's "Tanga Crouching, hidden dragon (where cang long)." Only Li Gong is showing real-life. Otherwise, I kept Charles Ludlam's imagination of various roles, or even Cillian Murphy, as in Kabuki theater, particularly as the plot dragged down into battle cat after cat battle. The love story supposed to have zero chemistry, mainly due to age differences, and I especially felt sorry for Ken Watanabe and hoped her Hollywood paycheck paid him for his loss of dignity as "mysterious" The mysterious president. I remember more emotions in "Portrait of Jennie" as the girl is worried to grow in Jennifer Jones, please Joseph Cotton. <br /> We see short glimpses in reality when geishas are posed with regular women as photography attraction, and as a Ziyi Zhang acting alive out the war years of a very colorful dying kimono operation. The final has a little sense of normality. The note includes many traditional and violin melodies featuring Yo Yo Ma and Violin by Yitzhack Pearlman instead of traditional instrumentation, which are pretty much worth the effort to accompany the beautiful cinema, as long as one completely ignores the plot and acts stiff. <br /> <br /> As my mind lost, I asked how the great Japanese directors of samurai movies would deal with this story, which probably would have been more formal, but a lot more emotional.
