Robin Cook novel "Coma" has already become a very successful movie in 1978. A couple of years later she turned to another bespoke Robin Cook to get the big screen treatment, but in the case of "Sphinx" virtually everything would be can go wrong. This is a flick of humorous films including in wooden performance, stupid dialogue, subconscious character and lead rhythm. The only reason it saves a 1-out-10-in rating is that the Egyptian series gives infinitely more passion to the story itself. It is difficult to believe Franklin J. Schaffner (in "Patton" and "Planet of the Era") is the director behind this phase. Pretty Exotic Erica Baron (Lesley Anne-Down) is in a working vacation in Cairo when he stumbles through the shop of antique dealer Abdu-Hamdi (Jan Gielgud). Hamdi befriends Erica and impresses by his enthusiasm and knowledge. Consequently, it shows it a beautiful and incredibly rare image of my Pharoah Seti that he keeps secretly in his shop. The very existence of the statue aroused intense excitement in Erica, because it could provide vital indications of locating the long-lost sepulchrous Seti I, a cost as well as the discovery of Tutankhamun's tomb in 1922. Before Hamdi can tell Erica again is brutally assassinated in his store, and Erica is looking at horror horror as he meets his grisly end. Fear again tantalized by what he saw, Erica tried to track down the treasure. He found himself helping and hindering his demands by various parties, not one of the truly trustworthy people. For one, Yvon (Maurice Ronet), you lose a friend, but maybe a man whose motive odterior is hurting? Then there is Akmed Khazzan (Frank Langella), an Egyptian for whom Erica feels a certain attraction, but can also hide dangerous secrets from her. The biggest problem with "Sphinx" generally results in its total compliance with plausibility. Down there could not be less compelling as a female Egyptologist ?? one should assume it should be well educated and resourceful, but it spends the movie all screaming as quickly as some busty bimbo out of a slasher teen flick. On such rare occasions that it actually does not run out of a potential villain, he does other brainless things like taking polaroid flash photos in a 4,000-year-old tomb! Twists are drawn heavy-handed to say the least, especially compared to revelations and double crosses that can be predicted well in advance. One can not even try to enjoy the movie on the fare but fun but fun, because the rhythm is awfully sluggish. What little action can be found is separated by long stretches of teddy. A famous review of the movie said: "Sphinx spicy!" Never before having a 2-hour movie movie was so precisely summed up in 2 words.
