This movie has nothing to do with the Sphinx, and the title is just a come-on. The story concerns an imaginary real and hidden tombs of the Kings Valley, to King Seti I, the second Pharaoh of the 19th Dynasty, New Kingdom period. It's not a bad wire, and a great deal of film is shooting sideways. Even the scenes of the Palace Hotel Winter Palace in Luxor were really shot, and not in a studio. The second unit thing is endless, and must be released over Egypt for weeks. Frank Langella is very good indeed as an Egyptian sophisticated. It should take it as a backstage. The movie is essentially lost by one of the most iridescent actresses in the world, Lesley Anne Down, who plays the lead. She spends the whole movie wondering how it looks, her blue eyes are refraging light in the correct corner, making all the lusts after her, etc. Having started life as a model at the age of ten, what hope could have it? It spells everything that is most rioting about worthless women and dim-witted unanimity. And think that this movie was directed by Franklin Shaffner, who won an Oscar for 'Patton'! It allows this awesome actress to bomber and simpse in the movie, hysterical one moment, the next flirt, in a kind of hiccup of idiocy as it reels from one person to another, either screaming or making eyes, not affair. It is supposed to be a young Egyptian. But it was never in Egypt before! He takes a taxi from Giza and catches his first glimpse into the pyramids, gushes in Ecstasy: 'But they're so great !!!! 'Barf! OK, so that was the script, but it took the banalality too easily, giving the impression that it is its natural element, which I have no doubt for a minute. The story element is sound. There is, indeed, a serious problem on a black market in the antiquity. True! Well done! Roman by Robin Cook, which I have not seen, can be OK for all I know. It was fun to see the name of Cyril Swern as sound recorder on the movie, as I knew her very long ago ago. Stanarina Kubrick's stage-daughter Katharina is described as 'draughtswoman'. I ask what this means? Perhaps it did some job wear. Anyway, the antiquities of the movie are very good, actually. And we get to see many of the Cairo Museum and many scenic places. They actually go inside Tutanhamun's tomb! I do not imagine that would allow today for a movie. A lot of suitable scenes take place in mosques. That would not go down well today, but in 1981 things were not on the agenda. The music for the movie is absolutely terrifying, worse than Lesley Anne goes down into reality! But there have been sound track elements that were amazing natives, one being the cirrophony of circulation noise in Cairo, which is accurately rendered in the background, and would make anyone who knows Cairo chuckle nervousness. Also, the loudspeaker calls in prayer to have the whole time, another touch of authenticity. Why did not they get this right? It could be good.
