I agree with the majority of the comments I've seen writing. I grew up looking at Sesame Street before a lot of people wrote the same comments. I was born in 1964, so I was 5-year-old when Seseme Street was featured on television. The show teaches me my number (county), the spelling (Muppet), and life. I love all the old characters (Big Bird, Oscar, Grover, and Monster Candy) and do not quite understand why they have changed. I understand that everything has changed in one way, but they make monster cookies in a "veggie monster" to promote healthy eating. The show has introduced new characters and monsters since it's creation, why not make a separate "monster veggie" who talks / discusses the benefits of eating a varied diet with cookie monster. But back to my point. I grew up very early at Seseme Street, now my 20 year old daughter raised the SS army with me around him, and we discussed Mr. Hooper's death, although he died before he was born, as well as other subjects on the show. I saw the episode as an older child, and always remember how to show the event, as much as real life. And I'm sure it hits the cast is very difficult like all deaths and loss of family effect. You've seen this on the show and allows parents and children to discuss events very difficult. The show was talk about traditional families, foster families and combined families. It's one of the few shows that actually discusses these scenarios. I now have a 5 year old daughter who really does not look at SS. I tried to watch the show a couple of times, but it really is not what it used to be. Elmo 1/2 hr and noody men are absolutely ridiculous. Like many who have said, it does not teach anything. It is geared to less than 18 months old (maybe), and not even funny. I always prided myself on watching SS as a child, teenager and adult with my own child. Now, on my second go-round, I really have a hard time watching SS. The topics discussed: Deaths, Marriages, Non-Traditional Families, New Places in the Neighborhoods are related to children and adults in an easy way for 2-99 years old to understand and relate to . Now there is no concept taught, minimal count, only the occasional mention of the alphabet. It's not even the SS, from an original original to the show. PLEASE if any producer of the show reads the comments, returns the show to its foundations. New concepts never have a problem with SS, they just used to have a better way to incorporate them into the show.
