If you want to see a movie that is very strongly mixed up a Latino country and any other Latino country, "The Celestial Prophecy" is a good example: 1. Peru, not even at the most violent times, does not show police or soldiers like this movie. This showed a country like El Salvador when the Civil War. Since I am a Peruvian who lives in Lima (the capital of Peru), it was too funny to see the police guards here, there and everywhere. 2. If you have a car in Perú, and you want (or need) to be a taxi driver, just post a sticker with the word "taxi" on the front wheel in your car and you can drive freely on Peruvian streets (there are is taxi company, but the rates are quite expensive). Do not need yellow or black / white strips that hang on the door in your car. Well, the taxi in this movie has that band, somethin that you will never see in Perú. 3. Peruvian people are not clothing made of Caribbean. For example, when a taxi driver came out, he carried a "Guayabera" (Cuban shirt), a white hat, and the mosquito 40, like Clark Gable. No Peruvian people seem that, please! Perú is not Caracas! 4. A scene shows a woman on a street and a long skirt, as the typical traditional dresses in Latin America. Take a walk anywhere in Peru, and you will never find a woman wearing that, unless you watch a typical dance. 5. Cast could be best: I can not refuse Héctor Elizondo is a great actor, but not a Latin actor (his father was Basque and his mother from Puerto Rico but was born in New York) and Spanish he does not speak. It's notorious Spanish is not his first language. There are dozens of very good Latin actors who have been able to do as Cardinal Sebastián. Peter Antonius (General Rodríguez) was also a bad choice for a "Latin police officer". It was so funny to see Elizondo and Petronius at Rodríguez's general office. They looked like two American or American students in a Spanish class, making better efforts in spelling Spanish. Success, of course. Castulo Guerra was the best of his Spanish. A "Peruvian" officer, who announced Cardinal Sebastián, spoke a very funny Spanish too. There are very good Peruvian actors, such as Augusto Alvarez-Calderón and Christian Meier (just mentioned two from many Peruvian actors), who could have done with excellence. 6. I admit that a fictional movie can leave itself a city inventory license or even land. But, when you create a name, be careful when using a foreign language: The city described in this movie should be called "Vicente" and not "Viente". Vicente is a male name, and Viciente has never been used. 7. I do not agree to a user, saying that this film was filmed aside in Peru. Not one is Peruvian, although the production has been used in excess posture showing "Enka Cola", the Peruvian Soda. As with some American films, this one must have used any Latino country. After all, for American producers or directors, a Latin place is identical to anywhere else in Latin. 8. In the first scenes, when John (Matthew Settle) fled to Perú, he was supposed to arrive at one international airport in Perú: Jorge Chávez Airport (in Lima, capital). Actually, believe me, it must be any airport in the world, but Peruvian airport. And, of course, at Peruvian airport there are no military guards or police. 9. When John takes a room in a Peruvian hotel, this one has a fan and, obviously, no air conditioning. Please do not arrive at any hotel in Perú (and other Latino countries) unless you find a star hotel! 10. The rebels who fight the government are ... ¡Colombian! Accidentally, without any doubt, from Colombia. To drop off, producers should hire the Peruvian actor. In some words, it would have been cheaper cinema in Peru. <br /> I could go on with more examples from this film, which led me to give her a "1" (terrible) vote, but I fell asleep after about 20 minutes from her beginning. But dear producers: It's not a tragedy: There are many movies much worse and not some errors. Just let's remember "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull" and the Disney unreliable "New Groove Emperor". List of bad films can be endless ...
