I went to see this movie with a crowd that was constituted by the "spiritual" New Age type, who, quite unlike me, many enjoyed this film --- although according to those who also knew The book (apparently having a book has more of this nonsense), the movie is not quite as good. So if you tend to think of yourself as "spiritual", believe in or at least be tolerated things like "aura" and "astral body," and do not mind the frequent use of the term "energy" outside of the context in physics or technology, you might actually be like the movie, and will likely even more enjoy whatever book it is apparently based on. However, if you are particularly in contact with the physical universe, if your ability to suspend their disbelief is readily exhausted by Newan's age-old story and cemetery based on it, if in addition to having a low tolerance for lighting effect Cheesy signaling happens in spirituality, and perhaps even expecting reasonable non-wooden dialogue of an act, then this is my recommendation for you about this movie: Stay. Kill. <br /> Do not even think about it. Tonight, this movie moves Dungeons and Dragons as the worst movie I ever saw in a movie theater (I do not count movies I went to see and expecting that they were bad, like Plan 9 etc. ). At the same time, he raised the grand total of my movies almost walking out on two (D & D were the other one). I do not walk out on movies, not even on this one, but I should have been when I first saw the visual presentation of an Aura, because the New Age BS kept on getting thicker and thicker from that point . The plot is about a group of people involved with some ancient prophecies, in a quest for spiritual enlightenment and aiming at bringing humanity to the next step in its evolution. Or something like that. They actually talk about this spiritual being being the next step in human evolution, which should make anyone with the same idea of ​​faintest in what human evolution is cringe. The movie is full of whoppers like that. Occasionally those beams of these would certainly be described as "another dimension", or perhaps "another plane", only to become invisible to those around them that are yet to be enlightened. Early. <br /> At the end of the director's patronizing audience by rolling the "clicks" make up the prophecy, painfully slow, presumably so that we can memorize and let the movie as the best, more enlightened people. <br /> <br /> Good thing about the movie? There are some pretty beautiful nature shots, and some decent support performances by Elizondo and de Almeida. <br /> I honestly say that it seriously affects my ability to take someone seriously if they consider this movie interesting or acceptable. It really is spiritualism elsewhere in the most naive type, and unless this is your thing, you better do something else with your time and money.
