The movie provides a rather condensed version of what's contained in the book, which as far as I can say by doing some research and investigative checking is largely a work of fiction. In fact, there are no old scrolls and if the author was strongly pressed I would certainly have admitted he never looked upon any scrolls of ancient Aramaic found in Peru. These "invalid" texts are written as anonymously by anonymously, being destroyed by the wrong "true love" of the church and the local government. This rather strange, as well as all kinds of New Age crap out every year --- hundreds of books, dozens of movies - and the Roman Catholic Church does not seem to me to hell down on destroying the movement that it probably looks like I do, a total of dood. I have no fans in the church, your mind, but at least the ancient texts where their faith base is real. It is a typical model of scamming artists and religious hucksters to claim or translate ancient documents that unfortunately were destroyed by "evil people" or in Joseph Smith's case, taken back to heaven once translated. Therefore, the real texts can not be found in any museum such as the Smithsonian, or translations are checked by ancient language specialists such as Coptic or Aramic. It's a scam. In one sense, I admire everyone smart enough to come up with a great idea and to make millions of it, but I could not do it myself, as I have no desire to deceive the public with more New Agey hokum. <BR> <br /> Occasionally, a genuine ancient text found to hide away and lose for years. The Gospel of Judas, a gnostic text, discovered and after carbon dating and diligent study of the text, judging authentic by experts. The Gospel of Judas was regarded as fantastic throughout the 300 CE. No church documents from that time mention any Celestine prophecies as natives, heretics or anything else. <br /> We are investments towards something - but the optimism of the Celestine religion is based on anything but fiction and lies, with a philosophy built on a false foundation, as a castle built on sand will fall . Horror, ugly, oval, the cruel world of Blade Runner is most likely what it will be like on the horizon, passing some Hippie Community Community where all is love and peace! I tell the truth and hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if most piffle, and one can do millions. The celestial prophecy is what the world wants to hear. Too bad it is a mansion built on sand. Do not get me wrong. I wish for God, the Celestine Vision was reality, only it is not. No ancient philosophy at any time expresses ideas given in the insights and the modern concept of spiritual evolution will be hand in hand with biological evolution. These new ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until Darwininan Evolution became well-known. This means that the ideas of Celestine's prophecies can not be greater than the year's 1800s C. and not return to early B.C.E period or near Jesus at Nazareth. This type of claim by New Agers is not at all strange. Wicans claim the marks of magic and magic - the "old religion" goes back to the stone age, when in fact no Book of Shadows has ever known exist before Gerald Gardner who lived in the 1900s was friend of Aleister Crowley. New Age Gurus says lies and claims ideas are based on ancient teaching, when the elders would thumb their noses in the absurdity that they preach by Gurus today. Why do they do, committing these frauds? Simple: there are millions of dollars to be done, and the modern guru buys power over his or her followers. They are fiercely conflicted and have a big hatred for their competition despite the claims of love for all of this. Each New Year Age Group opposes the others. It's a struggle for your mind and your wallet. But learning one thing from me, that's actually similar to one of the insights, learning to track your own instincts and look for advice from. I can agree with all my heart.
