Disney has now made end-to-video suites at a great batch of many animated features. Two of these are made for the classic 1991, "Beauty and the Beast". Well, these are not really suites, as they both put in between the events of the first movie. The first of these two straight-to-video films was "The Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas", which seems to be not quite a few fans of his predecessor theater, but I think that can usually be expected and ending. However, this second, "Belle's World War", is definitely inferior. The film features three short stories, all of which take place while Belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell of the Enchantress. The first is "The Perfect Word", where a misunderstanding on the table between Belle and the beast leads to trouble, and neither wants to be the first to apologize. The next story is the "Folly Fifi", where Fifi and Lumiere's fifth anniversary is coming, and Lumiere is preparing, so Belle helps him. However, Fifi sees Lumiere practicing romance with Belle, and thinking they are actually in love. The movie ends with the "broken wing". In this story, Belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably mean problems if the animal finds out, as it hates birds! <br /> <br /> Description of the description I gave is for the original VHS version of the Disney Disney's Disney's Disney Beauty and Beast. Apparently, in the DVD version, another added story was called "Mrs Potts's party", but I only saw the original version. However, since I'm very skeptical that one story would stand out as a classic on the rest, I do not see any point in watching the special edition. Anyway, the first thing I'll say about Belle's "Belle World" is that the animation is very 2-dimensional compared to what we're using out of Disney, which would obviously disappoint many people. I did not like "Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas" is very, but you certainly can not say the same about its animation. I assure you that the stories of the "Belle Magic World" could entertain many children (especially younger, I think), and each story has a moral, so they can teach them some important lessons. However, for adults, the film really does not have much. I personally did not find any good humor in it, found that the constant conflict between Belle and the beast was tedious, and the stories did not impress me too much of all in any way (not very well written). In the "Perfect Word", the road Belle tells the beast, "You're acting rude ... and crazy!" is a bit cheesy, and I think there are some cheesy moments in these stories. At this time this straight-to-video movie first came out, I was around eleven or twelve years old. I do not know what I would think about it at the moment, as I lost interest in Disney by then, and it would be years before I would get any of this interest back. Even then the first movie was released, I think I was a bit past the age group she had targeted. I never saw "Beauty and the Beast: Christmas Enchanted" until a couple months ago, but unlike this movie I never heard of this one until recently, I think just after seeing the end in the first of 1991 to hit 1991. Well, as I like the original theater, I would not have missed so much if I've never been aware of this movie's existence. For small children, I'm sure the "Belle Magic World" can be very fun, and probably a little bit of its educational and moral, but I do not recommend it to Disney Disney fans.
