That's right! Under average 9, but maybe under 12s for some others! I was 11 when I was originally seen on this video and in those genes I could not notice the quality-quality cookie or the fact that these classic characters we have all grow in love are not the same or good to see. Just about everything is so 2D here! Belle is, I'm going to agree, not even nice, but just a plain-looking woman with tinted skin and wearing even the bright blue all the way in with not one glamorous dress on, wardrobe is said the least, annoying - My ears can bleed if I've listened to it everyday! Lumiere, in both the original and the Christmas edition was suave and elegant, but here he is a woman, unfunny twat! Cogsworth, although no-unheard of the Housekeeper it is famous for, is a complete sh-t and the most obnoxious character I'd say! It always seems to get close that unbearably gray pie-hole in its very difficult to this one and having face clocks should really be used to turn back in the unforgettable time of the movie this series! Poor, poor Mrs Potts did not bring in life by Angela Lansbury (one of my favorite classmates), but by Anne Rogers who was captured by one of Mrs Potts' characters, no offense! Not if he did it better! When the animal roars it so horrible fake and clearly no longer roars, snarls or growls by a microphone. I know that this is only a third feature of these other films so of course it should not be as good, but I'm sure the more of a contribution would not hurt the Disney artists who, indeed, have achieved such remarkable Styles of animation over the years. It's OK, I guess, and I watch it sometimes though only when it suits me. It is very difficult to make a recommendation for reading this because it depends on how old you are, but remember this will not be all you can expect after the earliest spectacular movies! And thinking about my video of reading the text on the back cover said "twenty brilliant animations"! It's a nice little flick but for one thing it's also very poor, and, for another, these 3 words should be saved for the next re-release of the original!
