WARNING: There are minor deficiencies in this review. Do not read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan on seeing the movie. The Disney Channel now has a politics to make loads of movies and show only one month on the cable channel. Most of these are mediocre and drab, which have a few good elements but are still a disappointment (`Phantom of the Megaplex, '` Stepsister From Weird Planet,' `Zenon: Girls of the 21st Century '). Every once in a while, they do something really, really great (`Genius, '' Other I '). But once in a while The Disney Channel makes a big mistake, and it gives you a real stinker. This month (December 2000) The Disney Channel included: "The Final Christmas Present," which I thought was terrible due to writing poorer and worse acting. Apparently, the `Brainiacs.com has been running out a few days before Christmas to get a jump on the holiday, because the draw was made with toys. They even paid for a feature of the TV Guide, so I thought it must be better than the norm. I was in for a complete trauma. Only Disney's Behaviors Behaviors are worse than this. The draw was far beyond-looking than usual. I usually leave that slip, but here it just goes too far. Matthew Tyler gets sick of his widowed father spending most of his time at work. Her father owns a small toy factory that has taken great loans in a bankrupt broker to stay afloat. Time and time again, his father has jumped out on the plans he does with his son and daughter. Matthew decided that the only way he can spend time with his father is if he gets the boss and his orders to stay home. It gets a hair-brained idea to create a website where children all around the world can get and send it a dollar invested in a computer based computer whose sister inventions. This concept is all fake. When the children sent millions of dollars, Matthew opened his own company's bank account and bought up most of his father's business stock. He is the boss of the secret, but he does not reveal this to his father, but instead introduced himself to board meeting as a cartoon image of a computer. That image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it is not possible for someone to create it at home, much less someone who comes across as stupid as Matthew. To make a long scheme, Matthew's father orders spend more time fun and doing things with his kids, but a federal agent shows up questions about Matthew's company, as it is fake. very bad here. As mentioned, the thing to do here is impossible even for true genius, which these children are not. The website, the drawing image, the computer's chip, the same thing being taught at school, are far too advanced for these kids. The most act of the cast, especially Kevin Kilner, is terrible. Some familiar faces are wasted. Dom DeLuise plays owner of evil banks, but its part is a mishandling. He has one good scene with Alexandra Paul (which shows he has the ability to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. And Little Rich is wasted in a role as a judge. There are even some offensive and uncalled anti-Russian jokes. But the greatest atrocities are the hard-layered themes. These terms show up in many of Disney Channel's films, but never before these ultra-conservative messages have been hit so strongly. The normal "invasive parent's mind" really pushes hard, and after it's appropriate to "The Ultimate Christmas Present," it's still mooring my mood. Family relationships are important, but Disney must stop this endless preaching, because It's important to maintain a family that can work, too. Except for canceling work because the father did not come across as bad, but I found it offensive when the grandmother told her I did not like that It's just as bad is the preaching idea that every single parent needs to get married if they want to raise the rights of children.Into Alexandra Paul, whose character, while important to the plot, is only to be the love interest For the father, this offensiveness only proves that brain brain disorders lack the brains to avoid scratching from the bottom of the Disney script barrel. Instead of leaving this movie teaching your kids how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next Disney Channel movie .. It was better than that at 10.
