I did not know much about this movie before I watched it, but I heard he had something to do with physical proportions so I was interested. What I did not know is that this is NOT actually a story, but a bunch of New-Age Believers who love the sound of their own voice talk about how little they know about basic mechanical proportions. I say it belongs more to the Documentary category than Comedy or Drama. <br /> <br /> Marlee Matlin is in the movie, in order to give this new symposium * * some sort of a storyline. His portions of the movie feel horribly tacked over and meant to show the speaker's thoughts so we will not die from boredom. Matlin has a real job as a photographer, unlike the new New Hippie crashing on her couch. We get to listen to those nameless ramble on what proportion of physical "all mean". One bright spot in this film was the speaker of India (I suppose), but I think he showed up for the movie movie. <br /> It seems Barbara Eden really let herself go about it on how Quantum Science has something to do with her crazy New Age beliefs. It turns out that Quark from DS9 has been running low on cash and it also makes a brief look at the movie. There are a lot of whizbang CGT we are supposed to impress with; The cells in the body are shown as dancing jello molds, because the filmmakers have apparently seen Flubber one time many. <br /> <br /> People in the movie say that the Arawak people in San Salvador thought Columbus's Pint's boat was invisible because natives never saw Clipper's ships before, as if today's people have been any way possible to know. Of course they leave out of all such information and just say "Columbus's ship was invisible to the Indians of America." The film takes a lot of sparkling specs. Thomas Young had a double-slit experience around 1805 and found that light could look like a few particles of the time, and a few waves of the time. Of course you never * know * this from watching this stupid movie because the only reference to it is that "the atoms can be particles and waves." And this should mean that people can pass through the walls, walk over water, and never grow old if they just want to be on a star! Then I'm sure Marlee Matlin could stop being deaf if she just * believes * hard enough. I'm sarcastic, but this film is the shock-full of fake hope and belief that people are excited not really caught. These are New Age Cooks that have taken over Quantum Theory as if it reaffirms everything they believe on meditation, zero energy point, crystallization, etc. If these snake-oil sellers really believe they were sold, could not they just * wish * the checks of existence instead of appearing in this joke a movie? We get to listen to someone else who has no qualifications that we know in, talk about his couch in front of a fireplace (or TV screen) about how it creates his own life. Every time he was on the screen I wanted someone to rush in and throw a pie in his face. These people persuade them too badly. Some other balding guys in a lawsuit say nobody ever really touches anything because there's a magnetic force to prevent it from level of proportion. If only someone walked on the screen and kept punching in the stomach, screaming "I'm not touching you! I'm not touching you!" A moral relativist in the film claims that there's really "no such thing as good or bad." So apparently it's OK that Hitler has managed millions of Jews to death? Another person says there is "no such thing as love." It's just a chemical and that we really do not like people, we're just addicted to the chemicals we have when we're around them. I suspect this guy is doing this movie as a community service to be addicted to heroin for many years. We are witnessing in a truly tacky sequence where young adults march in a wedding reception, seeing everything like RoboCop. They are assessed if women are cow, dog, or fox, and a sexual position pops on the scree. Marlee Matlin gets drunk at the wedding she was supposed to make photos and the next day decided to love herself and take a bath because she is a beautiful and unique snowflake. <br /> I loved the movie saying people often find evidence of pre-pregnancy notions. Maybe in this review I only see what I want to see, but I TRULY wanted to see these people get more figure, and it never happened. <br /> If you have never heard of any of the ideas presented in the movie before, you can find them interesting, but there are better sources for all the ideas here. If you want to watch a good movie that talks about the principle of uncertainty Heisenberg, go to see who was not there. If you want to read a good book about Quantum Field Theory, read Hyperspace by Michio Kaku. If you want to see a movie that speaks of different philosophies and imaginative visuals, watch Waking Life (although it may feel boring, self-centered, and firefighted at times). All in all, you should go with it Quantum Psychology or Prometheus rising by Robert Anton Wilson instead of wasting your time on this movie. <br /> I usually have a very hard time giving movies a score between 1 and 10, but this one was a very easy one for me: 1/10 stars. <br /> <br /> The movie title is true. People in this movie do not know # $ *! Hands down, the worst movie I've ever seen.
