I strongly agree with some of the other critics of this film. I found it incredibly funny (at best) and downright deceiving, misinforming and dangerous (at worst). Like others, I found this movie to be a terrible mix of "real" science and pseudoscientific, New Age propaganda. <br /> <br /> As a psychologist, I was especially offended by Candace Pert's contribution. True, I was not a fan of it before this movie, but his talk about "consciousness" in cells was one of the best examples of taking a term ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning most and use it in such a distorting way as to cause it to darkness rather than clarify. It is a former Orwellian idea-f ** k that the master himself describes well in his superb essay "Politics and the English." To refer to "consciousness" in this way - indeed, referring to this movie as "science-based" in general (which is its clear intention) - is to use languages ​​the same way used by Stalin highlighted his slave-state "democratic republic" and Hitler when he called his party a "social worker" movement. <br /> I do not claim to really understand physical proportions. I know enough about it to know that they really understand it would take considerable study. Ah, but our Americans love "instant Enlightenment," and that's the error in a movie trying to accomplish. If this ASKED question could be one thing, but it clearly tries to ask and answer them, with no movie being able to do simply because we are far away from the answers (if they really exist). <br /> <By the way, morally this movie needs a warning about the association of several experts "expert and the Maharishi Mahesh Yogi (and TM), not to mention JZ Knight, who often speaks in his voice" Ramtha ". (I'm still amazed at this overcrowded 10,000-year-old Atlantean superman from the 21st century concept and terminology. But then again, this film argues that the past, present and future are all one and the same, so if Ramtha existed at Atlantis 10,000 years ago, I suppose he could exist now and tomorrow. Only then, how come its financial advice was so incredibly bad for his followers? Oh, I forgot, I'm the creator of "good" and "bad" advice, so it's all my fault, not Ramtha.) <br /> What a mess.
