A definite name. A NO. This movie is an absolute dude. When you were recommended to me by a lot of friends of "this sort of thing," I watched this movie with some anticipation of being informed, changed, moved, changed, pick up, and anything else that mystical came to me when I suddenly saw the truth. Now this can sound like someone who has already predispose poo-pooing anything to deal with the metaphysics, the metaphysical / physical limits of existence. Believe me, I am not like anyone. I try to open on any presentation and then decide accordingly. In terms of content, the only thing I found legally interesting and informative, was the bit about peptides, emotions, addictions, and cell receptors. That was the only "unified" element I could find in the documentary part of this movie. The rest of the documentary rambled around various topics and never seemed unified and flush, try to tie and conclude at one point. And that was all about native Americans could not see the ships that Columbus had come to? Who told the "authorities" of this movie what was happening in 1492? Where are they? There was to compare this to scientific works made in visual cognition (the famous gorilla video, for example, visiting the Visual Cognition Laboratory at the University of Illinois) could have a most compelling point made. Here, however, it seemed like suport mystical mumbo-jumbo. As a movie: this was not one movie, it was two. I found part of the mildly interesting documentary, just hearing people talking about what they were talking about (I was annoyed that their qualifications were not presented at the bottom of the screen when they spoke, at least initially!) But I found the "story" part of the film and Matlin in her annoying, disjointed, intrusive, nonrelated and outright stupid. That bit about the Polish wedding and that dance was not in the little bit funny. It was mockingly, silly, sophomoric, and stupid. And I found the use of the word "Pollack" offensive. It just seemed out of place and wrong. Is this use okay because a member of the group uses a peer-to-peer term to get to the group because it is a member of the group? That may be okay to make a point, but it does not seem to be used in this way here. And in any case, I do not care what's the reason, he's offended me, a Paul. I never called myself or looked at my ethnic background as "Pollack." And I certainly do not like it when others do. Can I look or listen to a major conversation in which theme is used? You betcha! But again this did not seem to be the case here. It just seemed out of place. Unprovocked, unmitigated. <br /> <br /> The act was abysmal. Elaine Hendrix's performance was totally incredible. Sometimes, it seemed that he had just read the line that had just been given to him. Marlee Matlin for the most part seemed to be sleeping in all this. Perhaps it was discouraged by the material. I know I was. If it was supposed to be an incredible malware-driven anxiety-related concern, it just did not seem to click. But by far, the worst of the world was Hendrix! All in all, I found this a disjointed, wrong acting piece of bat-trap.
