Well, what can I say. "What the weak we know" has achieved almost impossible - leaving behind the heads of the genre as the "Postman", "The Dungeon Master", "Merlin", and so fourth, it will go down in history as film In one worst one I've ever seen in its entirety. And this, ladies and gentlemen, is impressive indeed, because I've seen a lot of bad movie. <br /> <br /> This masterpiece of modern movies consists of two half part, alternating between a funny plot and composed on a very annoying photographer, abandoned by her husband and forced to take anti-depressants to survive, and A bunch of speakers will talk about how physical proportions supposedly justify new-agi-pseudo-philosophy. Basically, if you start your day to meditate on the love of Enya and Kenny G, this movie is for you. If you have a sense of humor, a crowd of people who know how to have fun, and a sizable portion of weed, then this movie is for you as well. Otherwise, stay away. Take my word for it. The first thing that hit me on "What the crowd you know" is that it seemed to be edited and put together by the same type of wedding shot on camera, filled with pink heart effects, computer sparkles -Products through the screen, and other tight acid. Who leaves these people anywhere near a theater release is a mystery for me. I think that's too much Kenny G does for you. The movie was frozen with cheesy GCI, the likes that you or I can produce on our own computer through over-the-counter video software, but never would, because it's just too ridiculous way. script was _obviously_ written by someone who has no written experience too. Not only were all the characters and cumbersome conversations and compressions beyond belief, but the "writers" felt like they were shoving all the important pieces of information, or rather disinformation, which is what most of this film was all about, all the way down your throat. Well, given the target audience, which may not have been too bad in an idea. The main character, for example, spends half the movies popping up. Apparently, though, he was judged by convincing enough, so there are at least a couple of dialogue at all, which refer to his anti-anxiety pill especially, just in case the viewers should not be able to connect him disabling pain and suffering Small white pills take it every time it feels down. Acting in ... Well, I've seen better acting in Wood Ed movies, and no, this is not an exaggeration. Heck, the little play I was when I was 12 featured much more inspiring act than this. It really did. <br /> The story is cut here and there with a bunch of original or top talking heads, a strange mix of kooky scientists, kooky doctors, and self-proclaimed mysteries, go over and over on how physical proportions supposedly give An "explanation" for how everybody or woman creates their own realities only by participating in life experiences. Fact, you see, is a probability-field of a bunch of different options, and it is only set to rock once the observer chose to notice it. What happens when more than one Observator observes they did not say, but then again who cares. Listen to Enya, meditate, observe, and you will be God, and nobody gives a curse about unusual things and reactions such as critical thinking, logic, etc. All the reasons are immediately postponed as people are stuck in their way and can achieve a "paradigm shift" and "down the rabbit hole". In addition, Heidelberg's Internal Principles supposedly are positive evidence of alternate, universal parallel, and so on. <br /> <br /> Speaking of rabbit hole, the analogy permeates the movie. These people continue to talk about going down rabbit holes. I'm not sure what to do with anything else being said or showing, but one thing I'm sure of is that it somehow implies the anal sex. Actually, the movie is _extremely_ anti-sex. Meanwhile, sex is presented as roomy, ugly, and anti-enlightening. <br /> <br /> In any case, self talk talking, the main character to achieve harmony with enlightenment by painting hearts all over his body with a magic marker, and joining walking around with an even stupid look in glaze it on the eyes than he started with. <br /> I want 2 hours of my life back. <br /> <br /> Here's a couple of random quotes that I got to remember: "What I think of as real has become a lot more real for me, and that, which I used to consider Real, is often a lot less real than real. "- Some talk about the spirituality of physical fitness. <br /> <br /> "What does it take for one person to have a ship? It takes one thought. There is nothing to change on the outside, all the changes in. A yet it has a ship" - There Some self proclaimed Mystic, head of her own school at Enlightenment. <br /> [while looking at herself in the mirror] "I hate you! I hate you! Fat! You're ugly! I have you!" - The main character, photography of fat and ugly.
