It seems the musicians in this movie have had trouble deciding what the messages really were. Consequently, they had even more trouble giving it. They began to incorrectly describe the principle of physical proportions related to sub-atomic particles. Having established a soft picture of Heisenberg's Initial Principles, they present a wide range of speakers that build a case of ridiculous logic to intimidate that each living person is an entity that follows the same proportion of rules on a cosmic scale. Then there was a lot of talk about the idea that Stephen Covey and Tony Robbins did their career: positive thinking, interrupting bad patterns, always looking at the bright side, etc. Next came a bit about how the brain We can change our body to production of proteins: the hormone that we more or less choose to create. If you are sad, you will create sad proteins. If you are happy, you will create happy proteins. That's just so simple, is not it? Our interviews and lessons follow the life of Amanda, a photographer who pops up anti-depressant and hates her thigh. The movie makers slowly but surely tried to find us all to say, "Hey, Amanda, just cheer up!" Why can not he applaud? It is obvious because the world is a place where BAD is crime and poverty and religion, therefore. The conclusion of the film (which is basically all the second half) brought about a lot of contradictions. We are all part of an energy wherever we are not beings, but a collective awareness, but we are people who can change the world, but there are many of us because of all the different dimensions, but we can choose who we are, and we have a goal to do good, but there is no god because there is nothing better than us, so there is no such thing as right and wrong, so there is no such thing as Rewards or punishments, so there is nothing good at all times from religion, but we should always do good anyway, even though there is no such thing as bad and good because nobody decides what, except for The fact that each of us can make good life if we all meditate, and then crime will stop, and if we say wonderful, our water will freeze in beautiful shape. Always with me? Good because there are more. According to Robert L. Park in his book "Voodoo Science", the whole meditation experiment set by John Hagelin in Washington, DC was a farce, the numbers were doctored, and the murder rate was higher this year any years before or since. And what about your positive attitude to keep you young and healthy? This was a message delivered by an older man who looked at her age with a woman who was overweight. <br /> So do all this work or not? I was lucky enough to see the movie in a theater where Betsy Chasse, one of three film directors (yes, three) fielded after the show. I call myself lucky because I have confirmed first but that people do not know what they are talking about. Several of the questions asked by the hearing members made it so marry that her husband, a chiropractor, had the stage and recited the answer. I finally left when the discussion inevitably turned politics, and everyone, including Ms. Chasse, began speculate on how wonderful the world would be if only President Bush could see this movie.
