As a physical student, I became aware of many great teachers, and other so-called experts, in the field. As I continue with my studies, I learn more and more about real physical experiments going on, and about people doing things right. Then my friend told me this "physical film" they want to see. Knowing nothing of it, I'm excited, hoping that the information will be presented well. <br /> I made REAL mechanical proportions; this did not read. <br /> This movie begins with the basic assumption that nothing happens in a subatomic particle can, and will, arrive at you, if you just open your eyes. Let's think about this, for just a moment. Our bodies consist of somewhere around 10 ^ 30 as subatomic particles. That is a million dollars billion billions of particles! The more "mysterious" effect proportions in just two particles can have a 50% probability of canceling each other out completely. As you add more and more particles to the mixture, it becomes almost impossible to have a large percentage of total proportions. To say we believe this is a valid assumption, with no rationality behind it ... it's just stupid. <br /> <br /> My friend, also in physics, and I count 3 facts during the course of this film. But they were presented in the most deceptive way I had ever seen. <br /> I can not say so much for the neural portion of the movie, as I did not have any kind of medical training. It seemed as if it might have been a little bit more true to her, remembering my day of biology, but I can not say. At least this movie has a quality levity: peptides are dancing (or whatever they actually were) scenes. Do not ruin the invaluable scheme that leads this movie, but the main character goes to a wedding, where he sees all sorts of different personality "driven" by the peptides *, and then the film cut into the dance floor, where we are begging between dancing people, sometimes surrounded by CG peptides, and a fully CG scene, full of dancing peptides. The film, at this point, was trying to tell us how we are "addicted to emotions," so we're treated in the song full of striking crush, "Love addiction." This scene was redeemed, because anyone could go to this scene and still take this movie seriously ... well, you are the ones who need to "open your eyes."
