This movie was an attempt to go to the most unlucky places and maybe not be the venture. It was a similar trial from the rare, top-case outlook given in the cell, although not near the in-depth and well described. The plot is built simply with a local initial feel of it. Then, as the movie takes its supposed "dramatic" turn, the plot falls apart on what some feet it stands on in the first place. <br /> <br /> Basically the idea is that of a kid (Chris McKenna) who needs money. It takes on the role of a man hit, killing an accountant in the city. Then he does not get paid for his work but instead gets tortured for several days because he dreams up the idea of ​​"glossy" in trying to use a backup file he has as increasing of payments. This exotic move in trying to force them to pay him breath as it is horribly and infiltrating abuse. It starts to go crazy (some very disturbing scenes). Then think that he has paid for his sins, he can begin on it, and visit the wife (Kari Wuhrer) of the man who has killed and has affection. Shortly after discovering who he is, tragedy tragedy, and revenge sweep in the air as the boy goes after his torture (Daniel Baldwin, George Wendt, Vernon Wells) for their previous "kindness" . asked if, what is it with Kari Wuhrer and film / film film gore? <br /> It looks like everything he has put out recently was in this genre. Granting me, I love him in "Freight-Freed Freaks" and he's okay in "Anaconda". But despite all the obvious and attractive incidences (wow, it's hot!), It can act better and choose the best roles. Or maybe I'm wrong and it's just a misconception. For all you guys out there, you get to see "completely monty" in it in this movie, although it's rather rare and short live. I almost feel like it did some soft-pornography after watching this movie (something not alien in Carey's career). Sex-simulation is such that it has to make you wonder what things really go through while filming. <br /> <br /> Anyway, I'll say some good act. Just do not expect much of it from Daniel Balwin, whose career seems to be forever destined to his second brother Alex. The film carried out a few great old though, George Wendt (Norm from Cheers) and Vernon Wells (Commando, Weird Science). Above all, Chris McKenna does the best job of playing the main character, Sean Crawley. Her little experiments act and yet her credible nature as a naive gene, carrying some elements of substance in the film. <br /> I would not go out of my way for this one. If you're bored and tired of the same old episodes of the "Hitchhiker", then I would be advised to watch this. <br /> And Kari, please start acting in some movie best!
