This was a crazy film, with a whole lotta that does not sense and too many loose-ended counting. I only watch this movie because one of my favorite actors (Ron Livingston) has made a comic in it, and I continue to watch it because as a girl, I love any movie including male nudity for a change . And I found myself asking just how much the ridiculous scenario could get, and every time he got ... more ... ridiculous. Sean Crawley (good-looking Chris L. McKenna, whom I have never seen before - but loves little naked scenes) will make ends meet as a painter, when he meets electric Duke Wayne (George Wendt from "Cheers") . Thinking she's getting more work from Duke, Sean agrees to meet Ray Matthews lovers (Daniel Baldwin, playing a stereotypically ugly guy). Ray is investigated by a Hall Hall accountant (Ron Livingston in a call, whom I liked in "Office Space" up to "Sex & City"). Ray finished officially desperate-for-cash Sean $ 13k to kill the accountant, and Sean accepted the job. Sean stalks out the accountant, whose wife (Kari Wuhrer) finds herself attractive, completes the hit, and leaves - taking the record of information against Ray with her. Sean quickly learned he was used to, that Ray never intended to pay him, and Sean uses the record as increasing his money. <br /> Up to this point, it's a movie flick ... generally worth watching. But as soon as Ray, Duke and Kidney kidnapping kidnapped Muscle Information on the file came out of him, he just got dumber and dumber (and still dumb ...) until finally it seemed like the movie writer , Charlie Higson, had broken out of a hangover writing 10 days and realized he needed to desperately figure out how to wrap up the series of plumbing mistakes he had created before a deadline or something. Without simply detailing the movie, let's say that in your every-single-scenes you look after the kidnapping, you find yourself gasping "what f ** k !," is deceived by idle nonsense as Sean follows a path fairly graphic and gross toward redemption. In the end, so much loose-left in the movie, that you start to regret that you even look at it. This is a movie that you should only look after it hits the cable, and you should have enough beer and friends around to mock the movie in full value. It is supposed to be a psychological thriller, and McKenna is a decent actor, but it's hard to give yourself to the movie when you have the "Norm" from "Cheers" and a Baldwin brother doing the dirty work, and a kidnapping strategy that really does There is no meaningful meaning. Guys will love violence, blood and sex scenes, and the scenes are absolutely unnecessary sex and boob vaccine. The girls will enjoy Beautiful Sean's beautiful shot in a mainstream movie, when almost always the girls get stripped down to a movie. Personally, I hate the actor only worth looking for more than his looks (Ron Livingston) only in the first one third of the movie.
