Eight nominations academies? It's beyond belief. I can only think it was a very bad year - even by Hollywood standards. With Huston as director and Jack Nicholson and Kathleen Turner as I drive I would probably swallow the bait and watch this anyway, but the Oscar nominations really sell it to me, and I feel cheated as a result. So it is a black comedy is it? Is anyone telling me where the humor is at the Honor Prizzi? She certainly is unlucky (the shooting at the top of a policeman's wife is but another supposedly interlude in this mascarade is intended for mafia life) but with the exception of a joke about your favorite Mexican stigma (which I imagine is an old joke for Americans who have been officially banned from buying Cubans for the last 50 years) I failed to spot anything in a funny nature - and I tried. There is a lot of mafia cafe but cliche does not constitute humor in my book. <br /> Is it a romantic comedy of sorts? Do not ever. Characters and their relationships are completely incredible and the fonts that are on par with Ben Afleck and Jennifer Lopez in Gigli. <br /> <br /> Is it a cunning parody invented on the Mafia? Not in a million years. The draw is just absurd absurd rather than comic absurd, and it usually just has the feeling of a really bad (and cheap) movie Mafia. It feels more like a homage than a parody. <br /> With a three-dimensional character and little in the way of humor writing for them, the actors are leaving to highlight dodgy and pull face. Well it is not enough; even when the face being pulled by this master of facial expression, Jack Nicholson (repressing and blowing up head lips ... now is meaning to be a parody of Brando's jowls Matthew of the Godfather. Oh okay? ... all I know is, it's not funny). <br /> Throw in some directions slowly, plodding (this movie shoots on for 2 hours), some hopelessly Daft and stereotype dialogues like; "Do you remember the Camora? Well we're far bigger, we'll follow you down wherever you go," with articulation cliched and you'll be reaching for that fast forward button before you can say "Capiche?". Honor Prizzi is far from Huston's "masterpiece" and is rather a very poor job. It's definitely one job of Canon's great director who should give a concrete coat to the top of the Hudson River.
