Oh, how we have a misfire here; a movie so bad that your mind will be amazed and drift away on other things as it waste your time and brain numbingly poor production value; stereotype characters of the worst kind and racism since D.W. Griffith refers to the Chinese character of Broken Flowers as the 'yellow man'; Such unimaginative and un-engaging characters are hard to look as well as a narrative narrowing along in such a slow, stupid and unexpected pace that you will be wondering about many who say they love this movie. The Honor Prizzi is a movie that ends up an absolute post-modern in every possible way. The film is a disaster and disaster with John Huston headed; Kathleen Turner and Jack Nicholson staring and everyone else fills in the gaps as either stereotypes or internships that cry on a phone now and again or bicker with a main character. Honor Prizzi is a movie that falls into a genre of neo-noir, comedy, romance, action, criminal and crime in general ?? This twinned and its director and cast should be enough to push it to some sort of a story; some sort of a sequence of good scenes; some sort of intelligence in the form of a scenario or something else but no ?? what we find is a nasty and ugly movie that revolves around nothing at all. <br /> I'm going to give a couple of examples of how shoddy shows this horror to a movie actually is. First, the movie thinks it's a love story and she thinks this for about an hour of its time: in my time. Charley Partanna (Nicholson) is a murderer murderer for a family that he works for in New York and yet he looks like his character from one Flew Over the cocoa nest more than an international hit-man. She meets and falls in love with Irene Walker (Turner) who is another assassin and knocked it out as the poor excuse for a conspiracy to play out, it appears all is not good. I read that the plot for this film is: "One hit professional and woman hit falling in love, only to discover that each was hired to kill the other." Well, yes, that's true, but real revelation does not happen until about twenty minutes to the end! Nicholson plays Partanna as an individual with an IQ at 60: she walks around; you will make observations and shout about what he sees; he speaks as he is either drinking or having a more serious problem in and worst of all we never get the feeling he's a killer ??? One really bad shot of assassination early on (which actually happens on screen) is not enough to suggest this guy is a hard-bodied, best of the best, international hit-man. <br /> So, with a main character who is un-likable and un-realistic, we move into the script. The first hour and a half is just a dead area of ​​cinemas and that never has suggested traces of simple simple conversion: Partanna slouches around on the phone or at those who ask the same things over and over again: "Am I married I love it? What is love? What do I do? "And it becomes so repetitive, it can not even act as a good humor. This twinned and the way he always seems to have to be in the phone: someone who calls Maerose Prizzi (Huston) is played by the daughter of John's director; which has absolutely no purpose in drawing to any and seemed to be there for laugh as was the scene in which she told her dad about how she lay with Partanna and love her ?? Who thought me, was this supposed to be funny? Should I laugh? The movie felt like a smart mafie picture and its opening scene at a wedding (the Alper) and consistent scenes with a touch of noir as gangsters, police men and killer were presented in the movie. But what we find is something very, very different. The second hour revolves around some sort of a kidnapping scheme; right, the love and romance is faced with ?? Maybe the movie will kick-start. I was so very bad: with more characters continuously speaking very slowly and largely in a monotonous manner, we have a kidnapped scene involving some guy coming out of his office: this scene went up the movie. All is briefly planned and then executed in a heavily dumb manner which just makes it look cheese. We do not get to see them happen in some dramatic music; Maybe they have to get to safety to get to the elevators; Maybe they have to be careful of civilians when they are hidden in their chosen places and then random women step out of the elevator and swing to arrive ?? The scene is not even edited correctly. There are some suspensions, some drama: "Do I shoot or not?"; Maybe some slow motion as the character has quick draw before it's too late? nothing but how it was actually executed. Honor of the Prizzi continues to be monotonous and refreshing in the lush fimic as it near its climax. It is a movie where camera is reflected in the windows; Light is reflected in places of car and 'dead' blinkers when nudged. Honor Prizzi is a jumbled and dirty movie that will try the patients in any movie-goer and not say it was a comedy because I did not laugh with him ?? In it is another problem. The film is repetitive, drawn out and colorless in its visions and dimensions for originality - there is no respect here.
