After seeing MIDNIGHT offers I'm always convinced that the first movie decent (teens) witches must yet do. I did not think much of the CRAFT and I'm not in silk charm. The only movie I'm more or less enjoyed (about young witches) was cursed (1996), and even that one was not very good. But the changes are that if you enjoyed all the aforementioned movies, you'll also enjoy midnight night offers. <br /> I was hoping a funny movie with early 80's cheese on young witches in high school. But I was rather surprised that this whole movie plays it rather seriously. The act is decent and serious all the time. No jokes are played by adolescents or something. With notes of music, first, I thought was pretty good. It added some scariness and also something 'stylish', with the use of violin threats to everyone. But as the movie progressed I came to the conclusion that the score was just too ambitious. They did not have to add those violent threats when you simply saw someone back up a car and then driven away at normal speed. Then there's Melissa Sue Anderson, who was the main reason for me to see this movie. A few weeks ago, I saw him in HAPPY BIRTHDAY ME, a rather enjoyable, thick-plot (with jumps on some occasions) slasher-movie that he did in the same year as offering help at night. And I must say, it was very good as Vivian's ice-cold Vivian's evil witch. But the main problem with the film is: almost nothing happens! Vivian causes a death and an injury, yes, but that's it. Then there's Robin, the good witch, who is just learning about his power. And we expect two of them using their power more than once, but at one occasion they use power to make some wild pieces and stuff flying in the air as projectile. Who was supposed to be a battle between two powerful witches? And what's worse, I was hoping to see a spectacular show-down between the witches at the end of the movie and at least some special effects, flame eyes or whatever ... but nothing happens. There are some sort of confrontation in the end, but it's a big disappointment. So the act of the witches was good. The music note was decent (though overly ambitious). And the movie was rather black and moody at times. But that's not a good movie yet, do it?
