As is often the case, film about self-shame characters does not usually make for good drama. 'Download Nancy' is no exception. It supposedly based on a true story about a woman who is murdered by her own request by someone she meets online. <br /> <br /> The protagonist is Nancy (Maria Bello) who is married to Albert (Rufus Sewell). Albert is a successful software developer who has developed a golf game that his company has successfully marketed to various bars and restaurants / restaurants. Unlike most humans, Albert has virtually no positive attribute (except for his ability to be successful in the business world). Throughout the movie, Albert has a brown and astounding expression on his face. He has no sympathy for his wife and all her emotional problems and resorts in prostitution. When his wife requires sex, she is punished by masturbating in front of him instead. <br /> Nancy is equally one-note as a character. Not only did he have a wedding without 15 weddings but he was sexually abused by his uncle when he grew up (fortunately there is no flashback in this story back to the movie). The desire itself takes the form of self-mutilation and a result, he is forced into therapy. However, she despises her therapist that she can not make progress. <br /> <br /> Finally, Nancy is so depressed that she contacted Louis on the Internet. It is sort of a sadomasochistic gigolo, who has sex with women for money while wounding massive amount of pain in boots. It reveals that Louis has two children, but does not see them (mothers do not want anything to do with him). <br /> <br /> Nancy's plan is first to have seductive sex with Louis and then make him slay him. There is a particularly unpleasant scene where Louis has sex with Nancy while squatting its vagina area with a broken piece of ice. The scenes are depicted as a sculpture after Louis pays a visit to Albert who ties him up and hits him with a golf club. It seems that Louis has a two-fold plan in going to see Albert: 1) berate him for his treatment of Nancy and 2) enjoying the beat he receives. It takes shortly before Louis will revoke Nancy's fate? First, he forces Albert to make him favor in taking his dog to a family for whom he cares for her in the future. Nancy's fate of course is that Louis finally ended choking him to death (but showed some hesitation at first as he made it clear that he had some 'feelings' for him). We soon learn that Louis is in jail for life for Nancy's death. <br /> <br /> What exactly do we take away from a movie like Downloading Nancy? Should we feel sorry for sexual abuse and domestic violence? Is the main point of the movie? Is sympathy for Nancy actually justified? I do not think so. The movie writer creates a straw man in the character of Albert ?? someone who is so cut out of her emotions that she is the one who is responsible for the decline of Nancy. But is such a dimension in real life? I think not. They have the reluctance Louis, a man who makes a living by hurting pain, gets on and berate Albert for neglecting Nancy. In addition, his expression of love towards Nancy (before killing him) is supposed to show his 'tender side'. <br /> In the end, it matters little if the filmmakers have defined their sympathy to the characters and the various characters in the movie. They are so bent on titilating their audience and free violence scene, which Downloading Nancy gets nothing more than a drowder of poor taste and soft pornography.
