There is nothing particularly original about this story of corruption union on one side and the "chief lawyer" of the other. Lighting but impressive, but inimaginative and photography stems from sugar from sugar noir. The story could easily come from a Brother Warner Feature and George Raft in the lead. Their performance is routine, flat direction, and even the perfunctory set of dresses. (A go is shown in one lime wall of brick film. It has a poster on it the poster says, "There are no bills.") We are presented in the story and some of the characters are not a portable informer We, while most unions work hard and honestly advance causing members, a few are corrupt. But we do not really get to know so much about the unions or how they operate, although I suppose they were just games after the success of "on the Waterfront" a few years earlier. Here are just a peg to hang the story over. The real ring leader is a strip advocate that runs things through three or four thugs. The District Attorney (or whatever it is) finds, such as Dana Andrews made in "Boomerang," that Dick Foran is charged with a kill and spending the rest of the film almost alone, digging evidence of innocent Foran. It comes to fist battles and shoot outs like any expensive movie private eyes. <br /> <br /> Brian Keith is D.A. She showed some endisuating talent shows elsewhere, but here she spends most of the time talking slowly and staring at the floor. Elisha Cook, Jr., is a likable suite, but she can not make a good drink. Beverley Garland is okay but is weakening in the direction, which has gawking him in a night club when he should be prevented. The rest of the cast would be suitable for a TV set. <br /> <br /> And nobody helps in the writing. When a "B girl" is about to be shipped by the union mobility of the Philippines, someone advises her that she only has to learn a few words in Spanish. "I know only one word," he said, "If yes." The writers do not trust the audience knowing that "if" in Spanish means "yes." The plot is clumsy and has holes in it. Keith visits a witnesses in his flat on a night club. He enters the door and has a weapon pushed to his back by a yegg, but he outwits the heavy and hits him out. Then order someone called the police. The rest of the scene, played out in the length of down to night club, forgot all about the police and never showed up, nor are they expected by anyone. <br /> It's nothing to be disappointed, and some people can enjoy it, but there are similar things, better doing, elsewhere.
