A hunter group tracks down a werewolf, kills it, decapitates it and sells the head of the Western Doetetiket (played by director / writer Tim Sullivan), who runs a private clinic specializing in grain transplants. Researcher Rich Stevens (Mark Sawyer), whose eyes were destroyed when acid flies through his face during a laboratory explosion, is the unlucky recipient of the werewolf eyeballs. It takes a while to get to the first full moon, so first we find a tender love story between Rich and his compassion, Big Sister Sondra Gard (Stephanie Beaton). Sondra is so compassionate that she strips off her clothes and starts riding Rich to bed before she even has a chance to remove her bandages! After a month at the hospital, Rich returns home to the wife of Rita (Deborah Huber), who promptly tells her "You look pretty ugly" before the speed of her Kia. Our hero soon discovered that Rita is not just a bitch, but an adult skull brought about an affair with her friend Craig (Lyndon Johnson). Finally, the full moon rose and Rich finds herself in a hairy situation as it transforms into a (very funny) creature werewolf. Carnage prediable is progressing. After Craig's throat on a beach, Rich wakes up in the morning brush and dresses her clothes and waves discovery at the evening's event. He made friends with the psychic / occult dancer Andros (Kurt Levi), and was hassled by both local author Siodmak (Jason Clark) and lesbian-police-detective-in-a-pants-suit Justine Evers (Tarri Markel). When Rich met Dr. Atwill, the doctor sent his sailor to Kass (Eric Mestressat), who became a kick out of the dead body with a machete at the clinic, after him. With the help of Sondra, Rich managed to escape. Sondra takes her back to her place and basically tires her on the couch during an overlong sex scene that lasts about five minutes. Is wealthy able to control his hypersensitivity or can heal a healing before claiming more victims? <br /> Injection on the cheap with a camcorder, this indigenous werewolf flicker has a somewhat unique quote and the eye transplantation angle, but trots out glimmering after otherwise wedged. Groups are below the level of pornography - clinical scenes seem to have been filmed in a home or apartment. The transformation of wild animals does not even look as well as photographic mistakes of time used to back in the 1940s. Instead, employees are relocated to correction. Throw some hair on the actor. Cut. Throw on some more on. Cut. More fur ... and fill the mouth full of white hinges it can spit out. Cut. No need to worry about continuity! There is no fade, no melt, nothing. It's very sloppy. Once fully transformed, the werewolf suit (designed by Jeff Leroy, who also edited and shot the movie) is very awful. It has red, glowing Christmas bulb eyes, fur-like carpet rides and a plastic face that is almost completely immobile. There are several times you can see the cameraman's finger in front of the camera lens, and does the moon really stay full of five nights in a row? As far as the cast is concerned, they are amusing, but tolerable. And as far as B Terror B is concerned, there is the worst. This is one of fairly well-known rhythms, only 70 minutes long and giving a lot of redness during the attack scenes, as well as the aforementioned T & A from Mrs. Beaton. It was produced by David Sterling (CAMP BLOOD), who was one of the first to wave wave of digital video rights when he first started to dominate the low-budget / independent horror scene genre back in the mid / late 90s. Many of its notoriously awesome productions have been released by films of brain damage, a label to avoid such epidemic for the most part. Fx guy Jeff Leroy (who is listed as co-directors here at IMDb, but not in the current film credit) and Vinnie Bilancio (which appears in a small role as one of the hunters) went on to make the fun more and more violent WEREWOLF blast cops in a woman in prison in 2006, which had a similar-looking animal on display (red glowing eyes and all).
