This adaptation, like 1949 in the * Heiress *, is based on James James's novel. * The Heiress * begins Olivia de Havilland, remains a well-respected piece of work, though less true original James story than this new remake, which retains James's original title. It is the story of an awkward daughter, yet loving (Leigh), devoted to his father (Finney) after his mother dies during delivery. The arrogant father keeps her daughter in no estimate, too, and considers it, as well as all women, simple. When a young man (Chaplin) of good family and little fortune comes to court, the father is naturally suspicious, but feels so that his daughter can hold no interest for anyone, is convinced that the young man is a Fortune hunters and banned it to see him. Leigh is a controversial actress ?? most either love him or hate it ?? and still has a particular edginess and tenseness in her style, as it acts in the gritted teeth. It's not bad at this, and it is busy dealing with it relatively dearly ?? it's just an awkward role for any actress, making the audience wanting to capture the character by his shoulders and shaking it until it reaches its meaning. While the garner's many characters of sympathy, it's not particularly unlikely. Ben Lovlin's beautiful and incredibly appealing (already seen in the truth on cats and dogs *) plays his role with the exact number of mysteries required to keep the audience guess if he is after his fortune, or is really in love with it . Maggie Smith is one of the finest live actresses and raises the film's level considerably and painted in the well-meaning aunt. Finney is beautiful, of course, like the father who threatens to indulge her daughter for her disobedience, but the girl wants to risk that for the man she likes. But does he still want it without his fortune? This is just one example where * Washington Square * differs from * * in heiress *. Another example is the ability to stick with it. It is a beautiful movie that is as tiring as a flowing tap, offering too little story in too long a movie.
