Film 1903 short film Edwin Porter entitled "The Great Train Theft" bursts on the screen with so much excitement and intelligence that one prepares to be hauled by another early pioneer film. Just like Melies' "A Voyage to the Moon", the critics have considered this as the movie that presents the genre of Western modern cinema. In my eyes, they were good. It has everything out of the planning, the current heist of the train, the murder of a civilian who wants to, and that appears final stage which makes you realize that these cruel mean business? It was all monumental for its time. From here at Eastwood, each western filmmaker used porter's image in some form or another to create their own stories. One can not say that this film did not open the door, but the struggle from the story itself. The genre was defined by Porter, but outside of its initial stimulation ?? There really is nothing to comprehend about. Perhaps I'm jaded by the modern western clichés and haphazard messages, but how can something be cursed before they've been cliché? For me, the "Great Train the Great" seemed compelling, untraceable, and surprisingly. Unlike Melies, Porter tells a very linear story. Thieves change the course of a train, garbing it, then shooting at random people just giving evidence are the true bandits, and the final stage ends like any preestined movie, without any surprises or glitches , and that appears man with a gun in your proverbial face. It is bland. The porter's movie is boring. In the edition I watched, there was an addition to colors near the end to emphasize emotions, which felt good and not encouraged by the moviewriter, or given the viewer. The problem remains that while it is important, the porter's film has been borrowing time and time again, its effect has become diluted. The story itself does not bring emotional emotional it once has. Unlike Melies movie early, I can not look that again. I know what happened, I know there are very few missing behind the scenes, and that ultimately it's just what he's wearing out to be ?? a simple story from point A and point B to point C. This problem is not just my clue and this movie, but also the most elementary elements seen in such an early movie. While it was dull, the fact that he said such a strong narrative ?? that our characters were characters and motives and drives, were outstanding to see. In one era where the nonfiction film seemed to be mainstream, it broke the mold. Again, not that I jump on the prophetic movement about this movie ?? it is an important movie ?? it's just not a big movie. <br /> In general, I wanted to jump in this movie to see where the roots of the western genre were planted, but I was equally happy to leave this movie behind. Porter is a talented director, and G.M. Anderson obviously went on to be very successful in the field created, but I just was not in awe of the movie. I did not expect big budget effect like Melies to work, nor did I expect a copy of "A Trip to the Moon", but I wanted to see even the creativity, exploration, and originality. I felt that Porter was playing it safely, if they could say that with a movie like an early one, but I could not feel the excitement as bandits we were doing wrongfully. I was not rooting for anyone, and the final conclusion proved that Kitschy-ness had torn off minutes after the movie began. He was pioneer, but not monument. "Great Train Theft" has lost its space in the movie time capsule. <br /> <br /> Class: ** from *****
