SPOILERS (ALTHOUGH NON not revealed in the first minutes of the movie) <br /> <br /> Robin Williams is actually quite good at this friendly, lonely, emotional rickshaw deficit. It makes a very human psychic, even sympathetic, and really disappears from the character - no small feat for such a recognized scene. <br /> <br /> Too the rest of the movie is like a waste. Their performance (and performers) did not look out of place in a soft-core porno (it does not help that each character but is made of 100% cardboard). At times, the director actually seems to be trying to frustrate suspicions: we know in the very first moments) that she's a whack-full job, b) that she has continued to live, and c) that she gets nabbed by the cops in the end. So all we are left to meditate is the dogs and the whys, and the answers given are not all that interesting. The plot is plodding and flawless, and features some nonsense (for example, the husband berates his wife for his tastes expensive, though it seems to spend all his free time at superstar local discounts la). Approximately two-thirds of the way, And doing something so irredeemably stupid that he does only wonder how much he actually cares about his grand revenge scheme. With the ultimate explanation of his psychosis, right from `Pepe Tom, 'is a terrible cop. The dialogue is in the worst absurd sort. It's not replaced, or awkward, or incredible, or improper in any other way that might be considered fun, even for bad-movie lovers. Instead, each line is purely, hideously functional - it's as if the director handed a plot description to a newspaper copywriter, saying, "Hey, I need a scriptable script about this - in an hour." She made me want to cry, honestly. <br /> This film seems to be a throwback of the caution-aid-bows bows in the eighties and nineties ("the hand that rocks the cradle," eg), and while it's certainly unpleasant, it's never really Scary Fetishism She occasionally makes you feel comfortable, but on her own is not enough to do the movie work. In the end, lack of profession from everyone involved, except Robin Williams, this one sink. from 10.
