Cartoon Network seems to be desperate for evaluation. Start and cancel at Samurai Jack, the network seemed helpless to remove all the shows that made it so popular, like the Powerpuff Girls, the Dexter Lab, Dragonball Z, etc. When the ratings began to plummet, CN began to put some beautiful mediocre shows. Though all Drama / Action Shows and Chowder stand out because they have written clever and audible-fun gimmicks, there are many other shows that either horror rainfall (George in the jungle) or ripen in other shows, such as the wonderful Mascadas of Flapjack , where the title character acts just like SpongeBob, and then there's Johnny Test, which is something of a replacement for the Dexter's Lab, though it's the most absolute absolute than anything. The character's characters are clearly derived from the Dexter Lab, only this time the focus is on Johnny, a blonde (or fire-haired) character whose twin sister, Susan and Mary, who just HAPPEN to look just like dexter, from the orange hair, glasses, the technology impossible. There is even a rival genius named Bling Boy Bling or Eugene, who appears to be sitting in for Mandark. Then there's Dookie, Johnny's best friend and dog talk, one of the Dexter ... I mean, Susan and Mary's happiness experience. The Dexter's Lab is probably one of the best designs on TV, with its simple, but effective art style, lovable primary characters, and episodes that do not seem to have a long drag. Johnny test is a lot different. The art here is not nearly as eye-pleasing. In fact, it looks absolutely awful. Characters have motivation that makes them really annoying or annoying. Like most of the series episodes composed of Johnny and Dookie's demands for havoc on Sissy's neighborhood girls, who Johnny secretly love, or twins their twins on a boy next door. Look at those two geniuses in the absurd eyes and the fact that Johnny appears to be someone you'd ever want to associate with, there is no real connection between the viewer and character. <br /> One thing the heavier series exploits in his name is that Johnny is Susan and the Gine Mari pig for their experience. These rows come from spinning Johnny fat, ugly, monstrous, and even in a woman. The twins then help Johnny in whatever scheme he planned in return for his services. Whenever there is an episode involving this kind of "win / win" deal, it usually comes abandoned in the looks and those that do not come completely on the rails never end satisfingly. <br /> <br /> Fix them to write in mediocrite but also bitter. The episode of 'fat' is repeatedly repeatedly 'Phat and a PH have a difference, you know.' which is a line that should never be repeated, especially when the episode looks like promoting childhood obesity, and Johnny gets a famous star with money and videogames just does not become fat. <br /> <br /> Let's talk about how the show does not completely rip through the Dexter's Lab. Show them in front of a lot of characters, from Men-in-Black to Black Mr. and Mr. White, a military general who seems to need all the problems he has resolved through Johnny and his sister, and many of the bandits, though even here, the show again steals ideas for other sources, like a jelly jelly script script, an evil cat and a butler who wants to cats to run on people (like the wrong chat talk from Powerpuff Girls), a Mani bumbling mastermind, a trio of skater 'evil' skater and even a molar man, which is probably the most clumsy villain in the media. <br /> <br /> In itself all off, along with its ugly animation and unlikeable character, the voice acting is either (like the Voices for Black Men and Mr. White) just plain-dividing (Johnny, Dookie, and just about every villain in the show). The theme song looks like the only enticing thing in this show, but then he has redone just a few episodes and a band that just loses it. <br /> So, in the end, Johnny test is not a good cartoon. Her terrible references and jokes about teen culture will demonstrate childhood interest in the show, while her brightly colored coloring, worn-out character, and episodes dragging will ruin the experience for adolescents. It's just another person's show that they argue that cartoon Network promotes people's efforts to look (like MTV in rap). If you need a show that will satisfy your children for half an hour, you'd better stick to SpongeBob because Johnny test is more of a "test" of patience than anything else.
