As you can guess by my rating and titles in this review I do not like Johnny Test. Now I think I know what people will say, "How do you know how bad it is? Have you ever watched it?" I did this show once a couple because I studied films and animations with This just does not keep a candle in my standard. <br /> I want to first talk about the animation because it is one of the most confusing things I have ever seen. Like the first few seasons or only the first season of animation but drawing. I thought it was a nice show to look at when it was hand drawn, but then it changed the flash animation and the quality down by a huge amount. So this is one strike in my eyes but allow the look of the story of the show. He attempts to way too hard to be like Dexter's laboratory, but there are differences because of one red-led scientist having two and both girls. There is a talk dog (why?), And their parents' attitude changed somewhat. I have other but I do not think I can write them here (I do not mean curse but I mean I do not know if there is a limit for words.) Everything else though it's spot on, even a character DeeDee Johnny himself. She just tries so hard to be Dexter but she just looks like me a heartless knockoff. <br /> <br /> Finally, I want to talk about jokes. Remember in Dexters labs some of the jokes involved are calling? Yes, rainfall may be good for a joke or dexter's lab but also have sly remarks that made me have to go back and check the joke. Johnny tests just forget all that and just yells 50% of the time and stop the music every time a stupid joke or liner one appears. This is not comedy, this stupid comedy (I know what some people think .Is not three stooges comedy stupid? Look at Johnny Test back to back and you laugh more in the first option.) Sometimes jokes are based on rare situations, such as Chowder, make me angry. I have a rule for cartoon and comedy altogether: For very rare by equal comedians, it makes you just think "what I look?". So he knocked out on all accounts. Do not watch this show if you have no respect for comedy in any way, shape, or shape.
