There is no reason to take this documentary seriously and have four reasons for this: 1) The person who made this documentary (like the director and the producer) is Serbian or Serbian origin, and that's why the criteria of neutrality failed. For example, they mentioned that the Croats Diaspora (so-called "Ustase") played a major part of Autumn in Yugoslavia, but they did not mention that there was equal Serbian organization as well (Cetniks)! For you who are not familiar with the Balkan WW2 history: Serbs are called "Cetniks" described in the documentary as they were so kind that they helped British paratroopers during the war. Well, that's just the half of the truth. They were also a group of fascist (Monarch) who collaborated with the Germans, but then switched to Hitler's start to lose the war. It is also ironic that they do not mention the leader of Cetnik Mihajlovic in the documentary, a man responsible for killing thousands of people and burning hundreds of towns all over Bosnia and Croatia. But to mention a certain Ante Pavelic ... Hm ... Allow me to be just a little suspicious. Most of the people interviewed me are totally unknown. And I've studied this war for a long time (which is the old British lady) It really did not do homework!) And not even presented by name, so they could more or less be nobody , maybe someone was taken to the street. Who knows. 3) In the documentaries about Kosovo and how the Serbs lived for ages, and therefore it should be part of Serbia (though they are minorities). Well, when mentioned the Serbian dominate part of Croatia (Krajina) suddenly the Serbs are described as how they have the right to live because it has been home for a long time. Fine, but what people do not know is that the largest city in Krajina (Knin) has great historical significance for the Croatian people. It had one of the most celebrated kings in Croatian history (Zvonimir) crowned, and therefore the city has a historical value for Croatia. Serbian have been found almost 800 years or so later! But no, the Serbs should have Krajina and Kosovo according to the documentary. Is it fair? For me it looks like double standards of morality of the director. Plus, he said in the documentary that the Croatian constitution did not have any law on minority rights, this is a lie because it was one of the first laws to apply SUBJECTS in the fact that Croatia had a large Serbian minority. > <br /> 4) The movie mentions a radical cohabity paramilitaries comrade called Glavas. Or the Musical Radical Orchid. They are accused of being a great cause for the negative development of the war. Yes, they were radical, but if you want to talk about radicals, why not mention Serb radical paramilitaries like Seychelles and Arkan? The flaws are so great that I just introduced a few of them, just so that people get an overview of the documentary. It seems people who did this documentary were not well prepared and did not intend to criticize their sisters because they were afraid that Serbs would be calm or something. There is not much documentary that they have good quality, but the best so far is "Death of Yugoslavia" where all important participants in the war are interviewed (eg Milosevic, Jovic, Bulatovic, Tudman, Izetbegovic, Karadzic etc.) with which you get an entire 5-hour explanation of the fall of Yugoslavia and the war. <br /> Another thing. I saw a comment on this documentary where the person was frustrated about why the U.S. provided support to a country (Bosnia) that had connections with Bin Laden during the war. Well, first of all, all the countries involved in this conflict were nationalist presidents and because the Muslim Bosnians did not have an old ethnic identity (previosly called "Muslim culture") had to count on something else Nationality increased the spirit of the people, and that was not connected to the only thing that they had in common: their religion. And they took care of the Mujahedin because no one else would support them. They fought 4: th largest army in Europe! They needed all the help they could get. Nationalists are the best way to unite someone during the war. History has shown us that.
