This is the easiest Presley machine ever, which would bring us very close to the worst movie ever made. It is measurable worse than the same song "Happy Ending" at the end of "It's the Fair World", and here I thought moments when Elvis buys the seller's balloon for his girl, The balloon seller came Jiggy into the walking band was the epitome of bad movies and could not be topped. I usually enjoy the Elvis Elvis mob if for any other purpose but memory at a time when we were innocent enough to sit in it. This one, however, should call "live a little, wish you died a little", and make "stay away from Joe" look like Olivier plays Othello. <br /> Here, Elvis plays Greg, who is essentially a hippie free-shooter photographer except for the Head of Creation. After a fun morning of reckless drive, she ends up on the beach where she is kidnapped by a woman who's not changed depending on the scene and who is talking to her. Clearly Michele Carey has chosen for her resemblance and ability to imitate Elizabeth Taylor (if I watched this without my glasses, I would think it was late 1960's Liz Play Girl). He successfully chews his dog over Elvis until he runs into the water and captures film pneumonia, then he keeps him doped up from the beach consciousness he has long lost his job and his apartment to move his stuff in her house before she awoke without saying it (the audience does not know about it either, until Elvis tries to come back to work with the boss she was beaten up for no reason except she deserves to make this film , and try to go home and find some women in lovers of a slip living in her home). Rather than arresting him for kidnapping, shoots and attacks, he goes out and gets two jobs to pay rent back rent Miss pants were to be springing for when stealing everything. Job One works for Don Porter in a Playboy type magazine, working from the top working for Rudy Vallee in a snobby fashion magazine. I think the two-job muddle is supposed to be the comedy, too bad it is not the least bit funny, unless you laugh at the 100th time you've seen someone running up and down the stairs of fast-moving funny music . The most important obstacle that keeps Greg out of falling for his kidnappers is his other love interests, Dick Sargent's dreadfully miscast (let's face it, either Porter or Vallee, even giving advanced age in 1968, would have been well competitors far from being credible to Miss's crazy affection.) There are a variety of refreshing and unfunny shooters and turns, I've been waiting for something, anything happens that would make all this sense to do. He never did. The total entertainment is about three minutes and includes Elvis' proposal "A Little Less Talk" (which I can listen to on CD without this painful film inflicted on me) and a comedy five bit second where Elvis flops on the couch and pants Crazy was apparently disassembled so he would fly all the pieces when it lands on it. That's it, folks, busted furniture, the only laugh of this whole movie. There are not many models of clothing, music, or décor that can be wild this high-tech stinker and it should be avoided at all costs. This view can create an unnatural desire on the part of the audience toward head-to-peer injury to serious bodily harm.
