There is no denying the first movie Azumi was a commercial product; It was an adaptation of a popular manga and was cast into genes, attractive actors and certainly did not miss the budget department. But it's more than entertained for what it was, and I can not deny that I enjoyed it incredibly. <br /> <br /> "Azumi 2" is just about anything that made the original so beautiful. The first thing that should be ringing alarm bell is Ryuhei Kitamura's superior surgery at the helm. With her, she seemed to take not only her own visual flair and kinetic, but the original style, beauty and most importantly, her heart. While the first one has a simple "Hitlist" draw, this one has a corkscrew mess in a story, and too many dull characters struggle with each other in the back for many times the potential for any sympathy or pathetic is to erase . Gone is effective interplay between lead characters; Azumi and his coohoot are often reduced to a bunch of kid chats in a jungle. Character is not existing; If someone actually watches living and dying, I'm going to be shocked. The same applies to villains here. The final battle - in fact all the battles - are completely devoid of any sort of tension. The fact that they are wrong choreographers and abysmally directed - not to mention some and far between - is made a backbone by their absolute absolute self. The Bananas themselves try far too hard to be campy, and even though they are all combined, they do not come in a thousand lands in the antique Pete Burnsian of Jo Odagiri in the original. ## Big Spoiler at the end of paragraph! ##### <br /> Aya Ueto is trying her best to have to say, and she also managed to keep her hair in good condition between these films. Azumi is now a fully-fledged killer, meaning he can swipe his sword around slow motion; Unfortunately, now the character is instilled with a sort of person whose name has mysterious name, Ueto's model seems to be even more inappropriate. I know this supposed to be the point, but this combines with the inefficiency of all others in the movie, the sort of plot and the general uncertainty of the movie generally means it is downright impossible to get behind his character time this around. The lesser said about Chiaki "Remember me to kill Bill" Kuriyama's performance the best; It is enough to say that "turning" in good for evil is about as subtle as napalm. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was just a monstrous deception. Any basis of the benefits made ten times better in the movie first. A lazy, unsatisfactory - and generally outright boring - mess.
