The day finally came to me to witness the perpetuation of Azumi's fate as a killer, fruit of his character and the ultimate attempt to draw me deeper into the world he rampage into so mercifully during the first legends. It's as poet as I'll get when talking about Azumi 2: Death or Love, because when I cringed on the heavy sensibility of House of Flying Daggers and complaining about the credibility of Aya Ueto portraying a bloody killer -Budge, after watching Azumi 2 I began to appreciate the imperfections that have already been mentioned more than ever before. <br /> Not only determines every killer feels miserable and uninspiring, but also many important elements lacking in the entire experience. In azumi 1 we've seen the killer using various types of stealth (which is number one priority) as well as logic to perform easy work in the browsers with quick execution and faster capabilities to escape. But I will not hold that against this movie too much since the story is a little tweaked this time around with many more obstacles being planted in Azumi's way to prevent it from reaching the warlord and showing any signs of charisma. By the way, Chiaki is stolen abolished for the most part of the movie and is basically playing a version down the Go Go tone, less the cool weapon and sense of threat. <br /> This brings me to the final blow that is the action, simply disguised in the title as the 'death' side of the season. In the first half of the film we see the first of many promising opponents and looks flashy with even the finest weapons. For surprise no one meets one end or another but the movie falls short when each of them starts to die too fast and too easy. In azumi 1, the young assassins were mostly overpowering the opposition and fighting quick but somewhat satisfied with the final confrontation between Azumi and Bijomaru in comparison with the battles of Azumi 2 was at least climate and refreshing. There are some interesting effects that were presented but they could not achieve innovation due to the breath of every encounter. I'm not in any way knocking down the conventional style of samurai films and quick and realistic battles, but characters in both Azumi films were so imaginative and straightforward from the animated that the rules could be broken and the action would be more rich. <br /> Where the romance of Azumi has to fill in time between battle scenes and unfortunately at the end it serves no purpose nor provides a very necessary resolution. <br /> As a fan and an open mind for great variety of movies and animations, I will not lie and I will admit to my neutrality and unimpressiveness toward the first Azumi movie, but I will step right up and say that after it watching Azumi 2, the original was made to look like an impeccable masterpiece. For what it is worth, Azumi 2: Death or Love could go straight to video, with its richest invisible budget and a potential failure to add or even expand on the hilly journey of desperate killer, doing best to recover peace, and an unconditional courage to die.
