I thought the movie (especially the draw) needed a lot of work. The elements of the film remain surprised and are not true to try to produce an eastern center of the movie. I'll give three out of many of the flaws in the movie: <br /> First, when Shen told Wendy that she could help her study the story in China, I was really pleased that the audience would receive some story information Chinese; but it turns out that the movie did not exactly show Wendy actually studied Chinese history; Again, the movie only shows Wendy practicing the method of remembering what she studied, frustrating and putting me in dismay. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Second, which really bothers me, is how the characters keep mentioning about moon cake - this cup of cake and moon cake and how delicious it is. But they did not really mention the real meaning of it. Only they talked about what was of no importance to the moon cake was the Autumn Festival, which they did not explain or go in depth. They could mention the myth that the moon and moon cake - Lady of the Moon. With the start and how there once exist ten suns and each would rotate rising, but one day all sun ten up, dries up the country with the intense rising heat; So, the Witch Archer, Hou Yi, shot nine of the ten suns, leaving only one sun (there are different versions where Hou Yi has shot eight from nine suns). Because of her heroic contribution, she gave birth to pills to be able to live forever for the ten ten days, but his wife, Chang-Oh stole her. After stealing, he ran to the moon, where he met a rabbit. He then came to an idea and told the rabbit to book the grain in so many pieces that he could spread the pills all over the world, giving everyone the opportunity to die. (There are a few variations in this story but in all of my childhood, I, most of the time, heard about this version). I thought details like this would make the plot more Chinese culture oriented. The last thing I'd point out is the last battle scene in the movie. Teachers who were owned by the monks fought the terra-quotters (statues of life of soldiers) against the idea of ​​how important Chinese history is Chinese. The Terra-quota territories serve as a connection to China's past and it has been highly westernized (where evil is to be killed in any way possible) that the monks of the cinemas wanted to destroy that connection. He would understand if Wendy, regarded as Chinese-American and did not have complete Chinese knowledge, had no problem to destroy these priceless matters. The movie was all glorified because it seemed that all the monks and Shen want to do is fight ... I mean, it rated TVPG due to violence, which goes against confucius thinking of cooperation and harmony. It would seem more accurate than the monks try to avoid violence and try to work things out peacefully before they had to go to violence. <br /> In all, all or either of producers, writers, or directors did not do their research properly and did a dirty and hideous job instead. I would suggest that they either cease to launch this movie or that they re-shoot the movie for more accurate information; however, I would give it credit (2 stars) to remove one stereotype from Asian and Asian-Americans for being smart and quiet.
