I realized that living in the western plains of Wyoming during the 1900s was brutal, in fact, it's probably still brutal today, but was it enough monument to transform into a "made-to-TV" movie? Also, women's rights have always sprouted in this country during this time, so to find an independent woman determined to start cool in this harsh territory, and still show realism in the era ?? Would you like to look good? Honestly, I do not know. I thought about this movie for the past two days, and I still can not seem to think of the force to say it was a terrible movie, yet I can say you say it was not the greatest I ever see. From several acting hodgepodge to act, in two actors mismatched playing devoid of emotional characters, in some of the most gruesome PG scenes ever featured from late 70s movies, it's hard to fully get a good good on Heartland. Was it good? Was it wrong? This can go up to you to see and decide yourself, but until then, here is the moment I enjoyed and desperately hated! <br /> This movie continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes. Scenes where I did not know what the director did or how he headed, but somehow still seemed to work well as a whole. I thought the story as a whole was a very interesting, historical story. I do not know much about living in Wyoming, especially during the early 1900s, so this movie captured this image into my mind. Thoughtfully cold winters, there are no neighbors for miles over miles, and this polaroid-eyed intact view of corporate America. It was refreshing in wondrous and absolute wonders to experiment (even if the TV). There were scenes that really stand out from my mind, such as the animal-branding scene, the scene of killing pigs, and the saddened homesteader who did not survive their journey, which just brought a true sense of realism in this story. Director Richard Pearce has done a good job of living in the Wyoming viewers, but I'm not sure she has brought decent players to accompany the look. While I'm going to congratulate the scenery in this movie, I've had trouble dealing with the actors who seemingly walk around the series and read the lines out of cards on the side. Rip Torn seemed out of place in his role as Clyde Stewart, a loner who somehow found a connection with Conchata Ferrell's Elinore Randall. The two as actors have no chemistry at all. The scenes that they share together are freaky and honestly worthless in any emotion. The scene of pregnancy almost had me at the point because in the manner of actors "veteran" described. The brave elinor does what he's doing to make the child out of it, while Clyde gives a nod when he does. This is love? Was he supposed to love? I do not know, I think with stronger characters we might see a stronger bond, but with Torn and Ferrell, he felt like two actors just playing parties. Other scenes that just seemed to spell in my mind were like when the frozen horse "hit" on the door for food or shelter, constantly the fading and growing compassion that Clyde had for Elinore's daughter (i just did not believe it) lack of true winter battles, and the whole country scene. Scenes of the country especially because I needed more explanation of what Elinore did, why he did it, and why Clyde would build him a house if they were married! It was such simple events that if the time to explore, would have to make a stronger movie. <br /> Overall, I'm going to go along the road with this feature. There were definitely elements that should explore deeper, as the relationship between these two aliens and their final homesteading goals in Elinore, but they met some beautiful scenes in our country. These panoramic scenes that, in the span of 100 years, have shifted to vast mountains enormous skyscrapers. While there were some brilliant scenes of realism (starting cows and pigs), I just felt as if we needed more. Depth was a key element missing in this film, which was covered by marginal acting with a diminished story. Pearce could have deeper drip in this untapped world, but instead left empty voids and character Western characters. Ferrell has brought his own, but Torn has been completely miscast. Dental for a look, but they will not be picked up again by me. <br /> <br /> Class: ** from *****
