Sleath Joseph L. Mankiewicz did not need a rumor. It's a well-done movie that's up to that day. However, given that modern day car noticed is now in full swing; I really can not say I'm surprised to see the movie upgrade for modern hearings. The plot remains identical to the original film and in its core we have the story of a young man, Milo Tindle, who goes to see an older man, Andrew Wyke, discussing a divorce as the youngest man There is an affair with the older wives. From there, a game of cat and mouse is. Its clear right from the outset that director Kenneth Branagh wanted to add a different touch to this movie and it does so in the central location, which has changed from the spacious home-escape home to the original of a movie Wonderful techniques are out and coating of safety equipment. I am pleased that the principal has chosen to make this change as nobody wants to see a remake that is directly copied to the original; The more there is in the fact that the place is well used and always nice to look at. Unfortunately, however, positive components of Sleuth 2007 end up. The original movie was over two hours, while noticed this is just just a shadow about eighty minutes. Of course, therefore, this means that this version is less about it; and unfortunately it's the characters that suffer. The plot also runs and we get into the first twist of the story far too fast, and before we give any chance to actually understand why and how these events can take place. The film does not build the characters, or the ratio between them, enough to ensure that their relationships make sense. A great thing that has changed over the greatest character is her mania; In the original it was obsessed with games that turned out to be very important once sad to enter play. Here he has some kind of safety fetish that does not really mean anything to the end. Kenneth Branagh's hold of the film allows for a classy note but the class finishes. The original is thrilled on it, but this film is merely merely in the ground itself with explosives on many, and especially unwarranted, occasions; which cheapens the whole thing. The final twist of the story is completely different and how it was in the original and ensured that the nail movie went down to a truly hideous conclusion. After spending two hours and the original I understand, respect and love both characters presented in the movie - after eighty minutes in this I hated them both. I have some respect for Branagh not to simply roll out a copy of the original film carbon; but this is not a good adaptation of the great Anthony Shaffer play.
