Harold Pinter rewrites Anthony Schaeffer's classic play about a man to visit the husband of his girlfriend and he has it all gone sideways. The original film was named Laurence Olivier and Michael Caine. Caine has Olivier's role in this version and is scared of Law Jude. Here is the film directed by Kenneth Branaugh. <br /> <br /> The act is spectacular. Both Caine and Law are gangbusters in their respective roles. I really love the chemistry and clash of personality. It's nice and enough of a reason to look when the script goes to haywire. Harold Pinter's dialogue is dry and sharp and often very witty and I understand why it was chosen to rewrite the play (which is updated to make use of camera surveillance and the like) .The problem is how the script moves the characters around is terrible. Michele Caine market laws in its odd modern home and sliding doors and shutters for no reason really good. Conversations occur repeatedly in different positions. I know Pinter did so in his play, but in this case he gets tired. Why do we need to be scared to go over and over and about the fact that the Law is sleeping with Caine's wife? It would be okay if at some point the Law said enough we did, but it does not act as if every time it is the first time. The script also does not move Caine into manipulation of it all properly. To begin with it is angry to start to have no chance to turn around and scare us. (Never mind an end to the game revelation that makes you wonder why it bothers) In the original we never suspect what's up. here we do and while giving a corner it also somehow feel false since its clarity we are forced to ask why the Milo Law does not see it was set up. There are other cases but they say more would give too much. <br /> <br /> Thinking about the movie in retrospect I think it's a movie of missed opportunities and missteps. Opportunities to wield the chances of having better fedatives between Caine and the Law. Missteps in which the choice of a garish setting and odd schedule of graphics takes away from the creation of a tension and a thrilling belief. Instead we find some smart dialogue and great performance in a movie that does not let them be real. <br /> <br /> despite some great performance and this dialog is only a 4 out of 10 because the rest of the script just does not work
