I'm not sure if the films were after a Saw-Type movie or 12 Male Angry (people piecing along the facts found in the truth). Whatever it was, it was wrong to do and is not worth watching. <br /> I do not watch movies for blood and gore, but because this movie had little else to go for it, it should have shown the actual killers more. Most were in cameras, minimizing the horror that we were supposed to feel about their deaths. <br /> It also echoed me that the cop was among the victims; he unintentionally contributed to the innocence of the young man to jail by accepting evidence of planting (given by MJH) in the room of evidence. (And would not MJH a prosecutor's attorney, had access to that evidence - take it out and put the wrong evidence back - anyway, so would he not need the cop?). Others, while often also not realizing that this particular person was wrong, always plays the greatest role in his ultimate crush. The gun company should know its weapons should be used for evil intentions. The insured guy rejects someone obviously in need, etc. But the cop's crime seemed minor in comparison since he did not know exactly what he did. The filmist could take it a step further and he must be the one who encouraged MJH to plant the evidence, which would make him more guilty. And the MJH calls it (the cop) got it in disruption that makes no sense at all. <br /> It would be more intriguing if each person died in a way that offered the others a sign of why he / she was there and deserved to die. Insurance guys, for example, could have had their applications rejected rammed down her throat to choke the tiny plants; The Oriental woman could have her eyes gulped out because she was a false witness, etc. Yes, more violent than the death weapons, but more interesting. The dialogue was not witty, there was no twists, and the end was one of the worst (if not the worst) I ever saw. The finish together hit three stars in my rating. The actors did a decent job, especially giving their litter lines and motivations they worked with. <br /> <br /> In general, a waste of time.
