So much is wrong with this little abysmal fart wet in a movie that it's hard to know where to begin. <br /> First of all, it's a remarkably un-scary movie scary, even by Amercian standards. The dialogue is clickable, the two-dimensional characters, the writing is hum-hum, and that little story is neither coherent nor remotely interesting. <br /> We meet these stereotypes in order: Balding deficit Guy (probably divorced, but who knows? This movie does not tell us) and a brave heart, the Young Hero (who does nothing heroic at all), Brave Little Kid (with a hamstring half a thousand miles) and Black Half-ass bitch (with more brawn than brains). These guys take a continuous battle with the Man Man rapper scary with his evil Ewoks. <br /> Oh, and the movie is full of little metal orbs that are stuffed around menacing men. Given a chance, they perform brain surgery impromptu on people who do not have the mental acuity of duck when they come to them. Booh! Actually, one of them is haunted by a good ghost (but then again, it might be a scam viewer) that seems intent on helping our brave contagion to retrieve the kid kidnapped friends. There is no background character or even an introduction to any of the characters. It starts with some kind of reminder at the end of the movie before, but it does not explain much. If you've seen the first two movies, fine. Otherwise you do not know who they are, how they relate, why not go to school or to work, or why you should care if they live or die. Consequently, you do not. The only point of interest becomes any splatter effect. But there is not enough of those who keep you awake. In potential interest / entertainment are the three raider punks, as stupid as they are wrong, who threaten our heroes. But they do not get much screen time. They are almost cut off immediately. Then they buried (why anybody should take the time is beyond me), then they appear again like zombie punk zombie punk. Only to be cut again, literally in a minute. <br /> The rest of the movie mostly looks composed of the Caspar Ghost Friends appearing and disappearing, driving around looking for places, and Balding deficit tries to score somebody Dark Black Booty Booty, using pickup lines that could embarrass a teenagers mentally delayed. No bone; Not even some free sex could save this movie, so good thing never is any. <br /> <br /> head baddie's, call the Tall Man, do not manage to scare anyone over 3 years; call "Booooy!" Every five minutes is not enough. Why, with its amazing telekinetic power and super-strength body bees, not simply squash our hero like bugs is not explained. Instead, he delegated the task of uncertainty to delaying little minions, who never managed to kill anyone before being shot in hell. <br /> <br /> Filmgoers who love princes like "Friday 13th part XXXXVIII: Jason going to college" might find some entertainment. The rest of us, who have developed pubic hair, will be bored from our skulls.
