It was closed in ten years since I saw either of the last two at the end of "Phantasm" - surely due to my constant staying alive they were not very good. That being recognized on that day, I'm still a big fan of the first installments so I thought I would go back and re-experience the 'final chapters'. Part Three is definitely the worst of the series since it obviously takes itself less seriously and launches a bunch of confusing things that does not make much sense ... Again, kick right right where the movie before left, Reggie saves Mike out in the Tall Man who promised to return for him later, but things are not safe for long when they come to all of the Jews who are inexplicably able to take the form of a sphere. Apparently his soul is held captive by the Tall Man so Mike is then dragged into the double-reliable desert Netherworld and Reg has found him ... Along the way he met up with a kid 10-year-olds with a chuck of black chick called Rocky who helped him during his trip. There's really nothing memorable about "Phantasm III" other than how stupid and forcing "funny" it tries to be. Only one positive aspect that did not even help the movie and that was returned to A. Michael Baldwin and Bill Thornbury who reprimand their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. The problem is, they are pretty much coming up ... Reggie Banister is of course back in his starting role, but his bumbling, love-sick attitude makes his presence far too annoying love. Angus Scrimm also just did not seem entirely to "his" role. He talked too much here and it is nowhere near as menacing and creeping into contracts with the "quirkiness" that the movie seemed to neglect their resort. Most people's views on this cops seem nice to impassive and tend to think "it's always fun". Maybe I'm just too much at a picker but I just could not get in this one. I remember neglecting her when I was a kid and after re-watching it - I can safely say - nothing has changed. Don Coscarelli launches the scene with its original low-budget, nightmare, film legend "Phantasm", which I still rank as my favorite movie horror movie with her respectable end to keeping things moving with surreal darkness and Gory, but "Lord to the dead "(stupid headline) just look too hurry and slapped along me ... The inclusion of the two new characters, Tim and Rocky (the only thing missing was Scrappy doo !!), was a strong indication In Coscarelli ran out of mind and see how far she could ride the franchise ... <br /> So it's a movie "Phantasm" with very little throat, stripping, and four times-barrel shotgun. Need I say more?
