* Some crowd * This movie movie movie 80s in all its terrible. The draw takes way too long to get to the ground, never steadies itself, and then just plain crashes over 40 minutes in the movie. There are a few moments for zombie fans, but not nearly enough zombies to create a real sense of fear. <br /> <br /> Zombies also take a long time to make their appearance. First, there is a whole half of a film on crowds and gang prisons. Hero of the movie is an ancient Vietnam veteran who gets caught up in the crowd. The main force forces set him up and went to prison. In this prison, they have experienced the prisoners in finding a way to heal them of homicide and criminal behavior. But badie head of head scientist / military guy has other plans in mind. He wants to use a slightly different version of the seric iron .... da da da .... super soldier! After some infectious detainees killed a few guards and some of the most prisoners have a round of infected communion wine, the military military scientist goes to "hey this would be a problem" and gives a call to the turn-based scientist Investigating babe journalism ultra-self-induced female character, who of course invented the original serum. He goes to the prison to see what's going down, the military guy calls on a few SWAT teams to secure his position outside the prison, and the hero guy takes charge of the few prisoners with a gold heart when a riot breaks out . The hero of the hero and the scientist / journalist lady team up to get a cure, save the children to the deputy, and deal with some irate prisoners, both infected and not. Meanwhile, the mob boss made a contract to get to the prison so he could save his prison term. The military gets ready to blow the place, and everyone inside the grenades find a way out. There are a lot of gorne scenes where people are killed by being pressed or pulled into prison custody. There is also a scarcity decapitation scene with electro-scene scenarios involving the same infectious Rasta inmate. Still, the most disturbing scene is in the early part of the film, when a gross guard kills a prisoner. The hero, woman, and children are trying to make their way in the only way to escape. The roads lead them to a long hallway, on one side there is a wall and on the other is bars. Hundreds of zombies without reaching, gracing their hair and face as they pass by. There are also a few good performers in the classic "munching zombie couple on freshly dead bodies" and "many zombie grabbing a guy in shackles" bits. <br /> Overall, worth seeing if you're researching the genre zombie as it has many zombie clicks worth noting; It's practically a manual instruction on what does not do when making a zombie movie. But if you are new to zombie cops and want a real scary, you should look elsewhere.
