Wow, the plot for this movie is all over the place! There are many drawings and lots of things happen that he practically did turn to myself! And, as a result, none of it seemed particularly credible. The movie begins with Home Francis as a housewife living in a small town. He has some experience with local theater and has the ambition to attend Broadway. When a big-time actor came to town, he pursued her hoping she could give him a career boost. But her husband worries about chains - as this actor is a framework. So the bursts burst into and hit the actor - and the actor dies! As a result, he was convicted for the First Dade Murder !!! By Mansi, but Kill 1! Now pregnant and need money, Home goes to New York. But Broadway's work can not be found, so he was forced to take any work - even Burlesque. She can not care for her daughter and gives her another woman to increase. However, eventually he finds a job in a real Broadway playing and everything looks rosy. But the diva jealous start of the game hates her for some inexplicable reason and its strength must be thrown into the play. Since he has gone to United Kingdom and has become a real star. Years later, she returned to New York to make her kid - but the kid is older and she thinks her caretaker is her real mother. At the same time, her husband's lawyers now think that if she gets $ 10,000 she can get the man out of prison. As another writing review, this bribe people? How can $ 10,000 get him out otherwise - maybe it will buy a helicopter so they can fly into the yard and effect it up !! Wow - this is enough for 2 or 3 films! And, all this happens in the 45 minute mark !!! Believe it or not, there is quite a bit more of it. If you really care, see it yourself to know how it all unfolds. This is sort of like 'shiny kitchen' - sent in practically everything and hope, somehow, it will all work. Unfortunately, the film turned out to be unbelievably incredible and bad despite Ms Francis's best efforts. It's the movie sort of no one might really have been saved thanks to a 2nd-rate scheme. It's almost as if someone just took a few dozen elements to throw them into a box and then started randomly picking them in order to make a movie !! In general, unless you are a home-hard Home Francis fan or favorite Hollywood made in the 1930s, this one is one you can easily jump. Not terrible but certainly not good. <br /> <br /> By the way, the child who plays daughter Francis on returning to New York (Sybil Jason) really was awful. I think it was supposed to be ... I think.
