When a movie has no less than five different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the movie has a bigger flaw somewhere. Necromancy has major flaws and is just out and out of bad. I saw the video version called Rosemary's followers. Yes, I'm sure it's different from other versions, but I'm not inclined to think that in any way any other version and the few more minutes it may have - will be to really be any better. The story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens with Laurie waking up with her husband taking it to a town where he has a new job in a toy factory for occultists (Yes, it's bad this early!). The town is called Lillith and it has some guys who have a rifle on the bridge to ensure that only those chosen by the "owner" of the city will be allowed in. Soon we find that everyone living in Lillith is a witch and all following the guidelines of Mr. Cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants to die his son back (hence the name of the Necromancy). People in the city do witch quality of things - there are ceremonies, some like wearing a goat's head, and abundant promiscuity (not really really show in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. Mr. Cato is played Robust by the film maverick and literally bigger-than-life movie Orson Welles. Welles are poorly used, but make no mistake, it is the best thing in this movie. And this is really the infamous part of Necromancy as Welles provides a poor performance with pedestrians and small guidance. In one scene at a party, director Bert I Gordon kept going back to Welles watching the action of the party using the exact same boards! He looked ridiculous. As the scene has repeatedly seen over and over again in a woman's arms fluttering flames after a car crash. It looked like the arm of a mannequin store. The story is never used completely as we never really know what happens: many scenes are shot like dreams or delusions and never confirmed. This also applies to the hokey ending. Pamela Franklin lead is perturbed and beautiful and has some talent. Other than her performance, real thin pegs in the rest cast Welles's sense. The direction and story both made by Gordon that obviously had little gas left in the engine. This is not a good movie in any way under any name.
