For starters and for the record, the term "Necromancy" describes the black magic art of bringing the dead back to life and not, in any way, related to sex and corpse. The so-called necrophilia and, yes, I know it's an obvious difference but I'm already getting a lot of remarks from acquaintances and families that I sport a perverted flavor of movies! This film is quite the opposite of perverted or sneaky, in fact, and merely just qualifies as boring, inept and terribly bad. "Necromancy" does at least a top five ranking, ie from the list of most incoherent cousins ​​ever made! Now director Bert I. Gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces (on his repertoire titled "Earth vs Spider", "King Dinosaur" and "Food of the Gods"), but it's really more than his head here with a totally stupid, redundant and utter nonsense about magic and secret little villages. Shortly after the tragic experience of seeing the babies being born dead, Lori and Frank her husband moved to the quiet little city of Lillith, where Frank suddenly offered an important job in a toy factory. Lori is suspicious and essentially an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the city's patriarch and "owner" Mr Cato behaving very trumpet and mysterious. That's something else. How can anyone "own" a city and everyone in it? Either way, Lori gradually discovers that everyone in Lillith is a witch and Mr. Cato only attracted him to the city because of his supernatural ability to resist the dead. For many years already, Cato has tried to bring his son back to life and was prepared to make any human sacrifice he takes. I honestly do not see points in the entire movie. It's a blatant rip-off of the "Baby Rosemary" ?? One of the alternate titles is "Rosemary's followers"? but the script is muddled and imbecilic beyond belief. Why is not anyone allowed to have children for as long as Cato's son stays dead? It's just really selfish! When, where and how did Lori learn to survive the dead? "Necromancy" definitely has a really puzzling and atmospheric moment, but these are unwarily accomplished either by filing coincidence or through a total lack of budget. The film photography gives the movie a strange ambiance and the pieces put cheap look enough to be creepy. Orson Welles' performance ?? undoubtedly the low point in his career ?? is brutal, and it is still the best aspect of the whole movie.
