As a teenager, I was beautiful in the Bigfoot whole thing - I read the books and follow the reports reported. As an adult more jaded, I've been largely given up on the big guy now, but do not mind watching the odd movie when I come across one. This one had a few strong points in it - especially the recreation of two of the famous Bigfoot encounters - the Canyon Ape incident in 1924 and the Bauman incident at c.1850 as related to and by Teddy Roosevelt, both of which I'm a bit familiar with from what young readings I did. The film takes on granted that both incidents involve a sasquatch, whereas both incidents have more explanations, but recreation has been well done. There is also pay tribute to the start of the movie Patterson's popular video, again taking for granted its authenticity. The cousin of the meeting at the end of the movie was also very well done and there was a feeling of creeping in it as the sasquatch was described mostly in the shadows or as feet going running past people scared. Unfortunately, in total these four things can be compounded about 20 minutes, whereas the film as a whole is a little over an hour and a half. <br /> It's the fictional story (done in a documentary style) in an expedition to a remote area north of British Columbia, in the suspicious house of the sasquatch. A computer has targeted this area based on signs and - in one of the most fun performances of the movie - the computer also uses "warning signs" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looks exactly like the "animal" in the video Patterson! In addition to the 20 minutes I mentioned, we basically watch this trip expedition, which means we get to watch a bunch of guys going on a long camping trip. I was on camping camp with the guys. Let me tell you - they never wanted to be a movie. Interspersed among the long stretches of boredom are some beautiful wildlife shots (although one suspected of canned tea used, or perhaps even captive animals made as wild animals) and some spectacular scenery shots, except that the landscape is not in north British Columbia, it comes from National Park in Oregon. <br /> I made appreciation that we never gave a real picture of the sasquatch, so we did not have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10
