It's this figure is a French movie, LOL, with the emphasis on girls and many older men ... why it is French so staring about this kind of thing? When the age difference is great, it really comes as pervy! Valentina Cervi is beautiful (she brings a solid solidarity to Olivia Hussey, at Zeffirelli '68 Romeo and Juliet, set in a similar period), but it looks like 15 and the actor plays Tassi, his painting instructor, looks like ... well , 50 are KIND. Other posters made the work of explaining the historical record (very detailed in this case) of the real Artemisia, a great artist and one of the oldest recognized pennies in this period (17th century). Her story speaks to us in modern times particularly because of old age accusations that "all the great artists were people" - it's pretty much exploding the statement of bits - and because the story of her rape judgment is so intense. Not only was it clearly attacked, and forced into a degrading sexual relationship (because of these wedding days and attacking you was the only way to avoid social shame), but Tassi was a serious and eventually killing wives it and children. The <br /> <br /> <br /> The movie makes a terrible mistake by inverting this truly fascinating and remarkable real life story - very dramatic and not in need of any "spicing up" - because in some frightening way franchise, it's "hot" There is a Teenager teenager sex design male and has a warm love affair with an old man enough to be his grandfather. This "sexy" - the truth is boring and looks too feminist / politically correct. <br /> It also interrupts me that this is only part of Artemisia's life considered interesting enough film. The fact that he painted for decades (his famous painting at Judith cut Holfernes was painted after, not before the rape), that she was the first woman admitted to the prestigious Florentine Academy, that she went to have children ... oh this boring thing. After all, this about a middle-aged woman and not "hot" as adolescents. <br /> I understand that there is a lot of creative licenses in making a movie (or a book) about a real historical character. You need to create dialogue, have subplots, create dramatic structures. Certainly some details can be sacrificed - it's no big deal if the dates are moving some years, or if Artemisia is played by a blonde actress (when we know from his own portrait that he was a brunette ... and a big corset, not a thin minus), or something like that. But to turn her story around and rape in a romance is actually sick and disturbing. It even gets worse because the director is female. It would be horrible shame in itself! If you like this (and I know some people can take care less about the real woman artist and just like suits and sex suits), you'll probably love "Dangerous Beauty" and Rufus Sewell and Catherine McCormack. Likewise based on heavy history re-writing, with lots of carrying bosoms and goblets inlay inlay: Good Appetite!
