Like Ayn Rand's last day, Bigelow is the biggest hitchhike in his illustration of the movie in some of the few Hindu troops stuck in Iraq's deforestation bombs settled by the innocent, relentless, Arab-Kurdish territories. As bigelow poits Iraq's wars as the series of the grand scenes of human drama, a veteran bomb expert has blown up with another show up to replace him in the dust, hot, ugly debris that is Iraq, and is a new hero born . The new guy is John Hershey described in his book, and later the film, lover of war, as a sadistic wingnut that actually does not fit for civilian life, and requires excitement of the sublimate war and suppressing his sexual demons . Lover of war can only fully operate in war, pepsi time suffocates him. While Hershey chastised the war lover, (played in film by Steve McQueen in one of her greatest roles) Bigelow glorified her. The army needs war lovers, they are the defense of our enemies. We can not handle the truth, that it is hate warrior who is the best soldiers, the hardest guys. According to the unironic Bigelow, regular people are pussies, the lover war is another special, the last of the Cowboys. So what if he wants to do-back to his people, or fondle an Iraqi boy? It is a throwback culprit of gender-and-death in war. In war, gender is an unpleasant, undoubtedly, not-for-nothing, non-male type bonds. Bigelow has no opinion on this; It just limits the options of virility to this ham-fisted attempt at realism. Only a war-lover can win the moral struggle between right and wrong, between Indian innocents and Arab perfection. Bigelow disguises his racism and arrogance behind the inventive facade of journalism. It's just another gung-ho yahoo that describes a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph in the mind. On the front of the politics, Bigelow returns to the western genre and its relentless clairvoy again and again, nauseam announcement: the wonderful world of the open borders, which happens to someone else's land. ("You can shoot people here" says a soldier); The guy but the black guy boyfriend, the soldier with a priority of death, the gruff, maybe crazy commanding officer, college-educated madman who attempts to treat the enemy's friend. You name it, Bigelow resurrects it. The boy-boy love is palpable in the scene with the handsome Arab boy who befriends the war lover, but Bigelow plays it right; It does not complete sex, just disinfect it. What Bigelow really wants to show us is ugly, facing the face of the Arab enemy. Any poor Iraqi is either depressed, hostile or up to no good, anyway. They all deserve to die for their impotence, and many of them make this movie gore-fest movie. Iraqi women are all hysterical, they only make their presence known in screaming. The cascade man's men might be dragging for whatever I know, you have never seen their faces. There is no presence of women at all on the base or in battle, although women's rates of accidents in Iraq are certainly misunderstood. <br /> <br /> Bigelow goes through all the motions one by one. He praises war, he canonize the dark-cane hero. Cowboys, surrounded by American people, prove that they did not perform God's work and horrified terrible hell of brutal and absolute bracelets and suicide manuscripts. In the end, I felt like rooting for the Indians. In the Bigelow world, though, no mercy or understanding ever made it through. Iraqis are disoriented by excellence. The civil massacre is just the dramatic series of our heroic psychotic struggle. Each US, bullets find its mark. You have to love the guy, lover of war. It's just his way, he's the true hero. It's just a guy trying to find things to make the road hard, and so what if he lusts for boy tang on the side.
