The Wayward Cloud is a frustrating film to watch. Disgusting enigmas, he treats each shot as a work of art. You get the impression that the composition of each shot is made and prepared with a degree of exquisite care over obsession borders; Expressing how far movies have progressed since the very first movies were cranked out in the nineteenth century and mimicking their construction, the camera here hardly ever moved ?? separately during the camp and colorful music numbers. Ambient noise is kept at a minimum and barely a word to speak. This curious device, but effective audience's strength to focus their attention on visual stimuli alone so that as the story progresses at a snail-like speed, we feel ourselves immersed. Unfortunately, for me at least, this immersion starts to unravel somewhere around the hour mark. I began to feel as if the movie was challenging me to keep watching while getting harder as the minutes dragged so that the only act of watching became a fight in additions. The content of this film was not as sexual as it is unlikely that it was even more obscure Western audiences. As it is, there is an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse on an unconscious (or possibly dead) woman who is so repugnant that, while she can talk merchants about the degradation of porn subjects both men and women (users and the use) it is so over-zeal in the way it chooses to make its point as effectively render it effective. Naturally the worst and most enthusiastic participants in the explosion of pornographic content are looking for this movie out for all the wrong reasons and watch it with the sticky fingers on the fast-forward button in the remote. For all its problems, the movie is definitely a stopping, and the more you think about it the essence of more certain aspects of it seems to be. Ironically, for a movie that is so little happening, the viewer would probably be proportionally rewarded by watching a second or even third time. For me, however, once was enough?
