The BFG is one of Roald Dahl's most reliable books, but in this animated adaptation the magic just is not there. This version remains very loyal to Dahl's original story so one can not put the blame on John Hambley's script. If the fault lies with the colorless animation, the lethargy speed and the generally substandard voice-overs. One should rightly expect this story to make a movie happy, vibrant, fun-filled ..... instead, the movie is a desperate matter that gets very tedious to watch. Children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the first book! All the film will be realized is to put in it what is actually a classic kids. <br /> <br /> Young orphan Sophie (voice of Amanda Roots) lives in an over-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of Mrs Clonkers. One night it is peening through the window when it spots a massive figure walking camp down the village street. The figure realized she had seen, so she came to the window and dodged Sophie from her bed, putting her in her enormous pockets before escaping from the night. Sophie soon discovered that she was kidnapped by a giant from Giant Country, and fears that she will eat her. But in his rescue it turns out to be a good and sensitive member of his species that introduces himself as the BFG (voices of David Jason). The BFG refuses to eat people, instead of restricting themselves to bad-known vegetables like snozzcumbers. However, Giant Country is populated by many other celebrated parties - every night, as it happens - about poorly unsuspecting people. Sophie and the BFG have become very friendly, and soon they come up with a plan to block other giants. Together they go to the queen of England (voice Angela Thorne) with remarkable stories and beg him to send the army and force when fighting gay-food giants. The Queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can hurt anyone else. <br /> <br /> Jason's voice BFG well (one of the few pluses in the movie) but his good work is almost ruined by poor sound quality. The rest of the voice work is decided uninhibited, and very little brings the characters to life. Likewise, the BFG is the only character that is animated - Sophie misses the call, and the gruesome outspread (and look almost confused from each other). Even where they are uninventive; Giant countries especially come short, they are nothing more than a deserted desert and occasional rocks and canyons. In the 88-minute film is not exactly long, yet it is quite seriously in part due to the sophisticated touch of several sequences. Little of the irritation Dahl's humorous aim is satisfied. A chapter of the book deals with the BFG love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and is laugh-out-loud hilarious. In the movie, the same section is totally killed by touching without. I came to the BFG awaiting great pleasure, fun and fun, but what I got was pretty much the opposite! This one is a misfire that simply does not match the caliber of the book in any department - unfortunately, therefore, it must go down like one jump.
