Mob 1970 hit this was not good old, but honestly, it was not good when it was released. But it was a hugely popular success maybe because the idea of ​​genius fatalist love must have appealed to satirical audiences by constant television coverage in the Vietnam War. The plot is driving as best as it concerns Oliver Barrett IV, a privileged Harvard Hockey player, who is satisfied with falling in love with Jenny Cavelleri, an antagonistic student Vassar music proud of his class background. Her old-school daddy naturally disassociates Jenny, and in a typical action of rebellion, meaning that the young couple are getting married in one of these hippies-era, exponential ceremonies. He suffered his dream job in New York, but he suddenly expected to get sick and die in his terminal disorders. There is a veneer of then -content film-making techniques appearing by director Arthur Hiller, but not one that can hide the old-fashioned story, cliche-ridden in its core. The inevitable end let me particularly unmoved. <br /> Both Ryan O'Neal and Ali MacGraw have become stars and films as Oliver and Jenny but are inexplicably since they seem to be able to convey the depth or complexity required to make compelling characters. At least youthful O'Neal is sincere in her weak approach, but MacGraw is so wild and smirky in behavior that it's hard to see what Oliver sees in Jenny beyond his sarcasm. John Marley (two years before finding the racehorse decapitation in his bed of "The Godfather") does better than Jenny complains father Baker Phil, like Ray Milland as Barrett's seemingly open-minded peterfamilias. Frances Lai's music is very familiar to almost become parody of himself over the years. The print quality of the DVD is good, though the only extra is a commercial track rather offensive by Hiller. The most interesting bit of trivia is that author Erich Segal (on whose film-based book) has conceived Oliver as a mix between Harvard College she knew ?? Vice President Al Gore and actor Tommy Lee Jones, who happens to have a small part of the movie as one of Oliver's Colloquers.
