Night silence, deadly night 5 is the last lot of the series, and likes to party 4, it's related to the first three except by title and the fact that it is a flick of Christmas christmas. The subconscious, there are some obvious things going on here ... Mickey Rooney plays a sports car called Joe Petto and the name of his creepy son is Pino. Ring a bell, anyone? Now a boy named Derek heard a knock at one evening's door, and opened her to get a gift on the doorstep for him. Even though she said "Do not open until Christmas," she starts to open her, but is stopped by her father, who scold her and sent her to bed, and opens the gift herself. Inside is a little red ball that suggests Santa arms with a head, and the amount of blood kills. Oops, maybe it should leave quite enough alone. Naturally Derek is then traumatized by the incident since he watched him from the stairs, but he did not grow up to be some killer Santa, he just stopped talking. There's a mysterious stranger lurking around, which looks very interested in the games that Joe Petto does. We even saw him buying a bunch when Denek's mother took him to the store to get a gift for him to bring him out of his trauma. And what exactly is this guy doing? Well, we're not sure, but it seems to be taking these games apart to see what they are ticking. He holds his owner to evict him by promising him to pay him to cash the next day and to present him with a "Larry Larva" game for his kid, but of course "Larry" is not a good game and gets out of boxes in the car and of course, well, things are not nice. <br /> <br /> Anyway, eventually what's going on with Joe Petto and Pino is of course unveiled, and as with the old story, Pino is not a "real boy". Pino is probably even more agitated and naughty because he suffers from "Kenitalia" (a good plastics plastic) for what might account for his wrong ways. And the identity of the Gentiles secretly also reveals, and there's the same kind of a happy ending of sorts. Whee. <br /> A step up in part 4, but not much of one. Again, Brian Yuzna involved, and screaming angry George, so some decent special effects, but not enough to make this great. A few recipes in the 4 parts are hanging around, including Clint Howard and Neith Hunter, but that does not really make any difference. Anyway, I've now seen the entire range from my system. Now, if I could get some of it out of my brain. 4 out of 5.
