Jump over the theme of Pinocchio and set during the Christmas season (after the previous entrance to abandon the links of Christmas) there are games scam-blocked sent to murder a child (.. yet in this, the victims accidentally wounded in the process) maybe not a maker's "maker" game. Angry rage George was responsible for the killer games (.. including a lava that enters the victim's mouth and out of his eyes, another game soldier actually shoot real bullets in a guardian after his companion was practically harassed by a game but target, operating from a remote control). The little target is a mute child named Derek (William Thorne) whose stepdad was murdered by a red and extended arm that insnares his face, causing him to land on a poker chimney. Sarah's wife (Jane Higginson) worried about her mental state, when she figured her reluctance towards appearing or, most importantly, speaking, from looking at her husband's murder. Dad's real Derek, Noah (Tracy Fraim) fears his child's safety, and he informs, reluctantly, his ex-girlfriend Sarah, who played local games, Joe Petto (Mickey Rooney) once arrested for plotting games to make the kids wrong at the loss of an unborn child when his wife died in a car crash .. the child a revenge of saying that if he could not have a son, then others should not be either. Still quite a heavy drinker (often seen swigging Jack), Petto seems to have set aside his sentiment towards children, but his creepy son Pino (Brian Bremer) does not have and Derek read port towards towards . Why? You will soon understand. <br /> Pretty disappointing special effects and rather jump prep. Rooney's name adds an attractive film, taking it a notoriety, but his histrionics can only help a lot. Attractive lead actor Higginson (Slaughterhouses) and Cool as the man who re-entered his life is not so bad, but the lame scheme that develops is hard to take seriously. I guess that's the point, but Rooney has no reason to be in such a movie as this .. he has no room to carry any personality in his toy maker other than rage and despair, quite volatile, barely caught head out as he explodes in anger towards Pino, when not downing liquor. Bremer is quite unusual and "Robotics" as Pino, longing to see Sarah as her mother. The practical effects used during the attacks on the victims are rather unconvinced. George's angry worker and savage Steve Holland was far more effective than what we see in this movie. Everyone having sex is not as free as many people would have you believe (I can not even remember any nodding). Probably better in the many greenlighted suites, but that's not exactly an endorsement. I'm pretty sure writing on paper, this was a fun concept, the idea of ​​spoofing Pinocchio using horror elements, but the result did not exactly blow you away.
