So why show this sucking? Unfortunately, that really is the only question, because there is no doubt that it does. For those familiar with the premise of the show, the Cavemen drive-to-be-negligence series focuses on a number of neandertal and struggles to exist in modern America and based on the featured characters in a series of TV shows for Geico Insurance. The concept is solid and has every reason to think that it can be executed successfully. <br /> I thought about it temporarily, but then the slogan came out of the advertisements - something the effect of "We are not that much different from you" to give me the key to the suckiness show . Though Cavemen / Neanderthals are actually a species different than humanity, the title characters of this show, it turns out, are exactly the same as those of us with sexual strokes. a game writer - rather than a soulless, hack, committee-based writer from California - but this show was very potential, and none of it was achieved. To begin with, the producers should focus on fun things that would make cavemen different from us. What could be conceivable to be funny, for example, on giving them occupations such as graduate student students and clerk store furniture, when would they have been more compelling to draw in things like subterranean utility workers and guides in cave parks? Why would they play prosaic games like squash, when an entire episode could be devoted to trying to get hunting licenses to go after games with spears? A show like this can write itself, and it takes some bad bad praise to make it so bad and boring. <br /> <br /> Another tireless aspect of this show is an attempt to show cavemen as they have undergone a number of stereotypes associated with various human minorities. Yawn! This has been done many times before, and never too much. And, as noted previously, neandertals really are a different species, so using them as a metaphorical for racial steroids is both uncompelling and cutting the mark. <br /> <br /> The answers are welcome, including those from anyone who wants to tell me why I'm wrong. I would like to enjoy this show and I just regret that I have so far been able. Michael J. Varhola, Online Gaming Magazine
