Dieter Bohlen, Germany's famous composer and producer of a bit hit pop hit as "You are my heart, you are my soul" felt the need of her story - and gracefully she decided to hire a ghost writer. The result was a comic book about his life. Well, more or less a soft image of it. He did not deny that he is a selfish assertion but the entire twisted story was to fit his image into himself. No words that he probably beat his ex wife and he ended up in the hospital. However he wrote in a funny style and a great success after his appearance as jury member of the German version of "American Idol" - especially his unforgettable comments. This would be the end of the story - really. In the hype of the "Idol" TV show called "Germany So Superstar" (abbreviated DSDS) someone must have come up with the awful idea to make a movie out of the book. The result is "Dieter - der Film" <br /> I have rarely seen a film that tries to desperately be funny and completely failed. None of the gags really hit the point. Naddel's voice and style of talk got off my nerve right away while Verona's voice should do so much more. Obviously, embarrassing, gagabotab and long destroying any motivation to watch this movie at the end of a few minutes. The content of the movie is a sloppy movie adaptation written sloppily down by a ghost writer based on the memory boblen idéalized memory. They could use this freedom to do almost everything. It was supposed to be a satire but failed. The story is totally worthwhile and the fact that the background voice is Bohlen himself ensuring that the movie all there is nothing saturated at all. <br /> It's not surprising that it was considered bad for a movie release. The probability of this rotten thing in some archives was quite high up until recently when the current season of DSDS turned out to be a mediocre success. With the help of "friendly" Germany's Germany's largest newspaper "BILD" and desperate situations for the TV station RTL, there is something in the program while still showing the unbeatable "Wetten that ...?" running on the Channel 2 movie finally got to TV - unfortunately. <br /> Look at this movie is a waste of time - there are certainly better animated cartoons and more fun with a story actually worth seeing. /> <br /> That's why: 2/10
