OK OK, it might be difficult to put whole lives in one movie. Traditionally, biopsy focuses on one or two important parts of the subject matter. Now Byron was a "my week to beat your fellow" fellow, making choices that are even harder representatives. In addition, as Byron's poetry is inseparable in his life, man's life itself must be seen as a whole. Lifting out does not only show the whole picture, it's showing a different picture altogether. Now, in my brief review comes down to this: supposedly, Byron was indeed "my week to beat your years" Prototype, a guy who lived so intensely that he really did more in his 15 years or so active than most do in a lifetime. True, he had a setback and was a victim of the time and social environment he lived in - but in the end, this dude is supposed to be the prototype of life we ​​would all want to lead, no? Well, I did not, at any moment, want to live the show life of this movie. So it comes 3. Not to be badly hurt (which, direction-wise, more or less), but more importantly to miss the point entirely in a flat draw. Well, about simplifying things, a Byron bio should have two different episodes: 1. Post-First Europe Travel: Metro and Riding It Fame + Wedding / 2. Her Life Abroad. Now the important thing is that the second part must be at least as important as the first. Not only was it a lot yet, but the most significant changes in Byron took place then. In addition, it's where he created his best works (Don Juan, Trial Vision etc. - the whole thing that makes him * really * unique in English literature). <br /> Rather, in this movie (a) Byron life never comes across as even funny remotely, (b) it only gets * worse * after leaving England. They did two good jobs: first, began to return to his Europe journey (though a bit more of the actual journey was welcomed as a prologue), second, they chose an angle and They chose his incestuous love for Augusta (who is rather cast entirely). The problem with this happening thing is that they never let it go. True, Byron remains strongly attached to Augusta for the rest of his life, but especially as he was such a balanced attitude, the fact that his letters reflected this does not mean that in other times he might not have fully enjoyed life . br /> <br /> Anyway, the first part of the TV movie should end with him leaving England. There is no doubt about that. The thing is: once abroad, a life of crackdown started (and Geneva's sad period), but in Italy Byron also discovered a new life, both for its poetry (inspired by Italian comedy), already in Venice , and for himself when he found the Contessa Teresa Guiccioli and moved to Ravenna (then at the request of Shelly, and Teresa, in Pisa). In other words, it was also * released *. His mind and life opened up (and not only in decent sense), while the England closed more as it fell to the gravitational pull of the Victorian age. True, freedom was Augusta-less, but this bitter-sweet liberty tastes back to this movie. We see a lonely snob, boredom getting older. <br /> I mean, hell, Byron never thought so much about his poetry, except when he finally found his own voice at Don Juan! As a result of poetic and romantic development, their relationship with Shelly (and the down-break) should be more documented. Also, it is in Italy in Ravenna that it gets involved with politics and revolutionary ideas. This is important, as it shows that romantic decline and ultimately disguised language and the person of Childe Harold are changing to the most real-life-realistic and lighter passionate passion in the language and people of Don Juan. Life and work are one. True, always a bit naive, but it's what got him in Greece! And the whole thing became full circle of Piz, where Shelley's revolutionary spirit was more igniter spark. Missolonghi did not snowboard the boredom suddenly looking for some action. It was hitting them in Italy (the Gambas) vibrating it into action. It can be a symbol for the man looking for some ancient-style fighting excitement while the rest of Europe becomes steady in the clay of modern purposes and conservatists. But it was not just that, there was a true inspiration behind her. Meanwhile, Byron wrote massive amounts of Don Juan. True, his end is a bit sad, but it's not like it was torn out. It is the essence of Byron's life: it may have been some emotional strong attachment (2: Augusta and Teresa), but every time he managed to reinvent himself. This means that it is not 'less' at the end of his life - no, he would have a physical and mental physique that, at the time, some people have been prepared to do. <br /> I ask. Why is it often that the second period of Byron's life is neglected? Because it was less obvious, as the man finally came to his own? In focusing our attention over the years frustrated England full of scandals, we show ourselves to be no better than the English aristocracy at the time, which Byron so despised, with which, despite the fact that he had no choice, he * wants to run around in 1816, to find a modern and liberal world enough to let him find the voice that would make him first romantic poetic tongue native language and evolved into a self-obsessed cell snob of a passionate man moving parts with a cause.
