I think that sum up this show can be as good as anything. Batman TAS can be the worst thing ever to come up with cartoons based on comic books because everything that comes after will be compared to it and nothing is measured again. It's just too damn good. Was Batman Beyond Good? "Yeah, but there was no TAS." Is Justice League Right? "It's not too bad, but it does not have any TAS." Batman is certainly no TAS, either, but I will not keep that account. It would be unreliable and besides, it has many other problems with it. The concept of a lesser, less experienced Batman fighting crime is one fine, and at times the art is very beautiful. But all the rest of the time, the art is worthless Americans, and this betrays a lot of the flaws of the show itself. It is rhythm, writing, and designed as an American. If I wanted to watch Jackie Chan Adventures, I would look at Jackie Chan Adventures. Or I could just bang myself into a wall anytime and get the same effect. The joker is a homicide, unstable mental bell in a lawsuit that uses his blood, unpredictability, and smart gadgets to fight Batman. When it is forced to fight hand in hand, it will either resort to something cheap or be totally unmatched. It does not mean that they have a monkey and dreadlocks who know kung-fu and it can leap into twenty feet in the air, accompanied by speed line. If they wanted to do this with a villain, there were other less important characters they could use or * gasp * were able to create a whole new entirely. And it's not that re-imagination is a bad thing, do not get me wrong. TAS (I have to go again) to take Mr. Jelly out of your standard icegun-touch B villain and have done it in a memorable and complex complex character. Of course frozen was not exactly a classic mechanic at the time and made an upgrade, but the point stood. What the Batman does is to capture everything you liked about comic and lethal Batman and it takes a huge, dump dump on them. Guess what? They ate corn. <br /> It's obvious this show can not stand against TAS but stopping it on its own lap and it still does not work for me. Plots are not good and do not develop any better. They were written for the demographic of children under twelve. Should the kids enjoy a demonstration? Of course they should. This should not be an adult with swearing, nudity, and free violence. But the brand of a really good show is that it can be enjoyed at different levels by all ages. This shows the lack of mark. <br /> <br /> Does this show a TAS? No, of course not. The problem is not even a JLU.
