I'm a big fan of the Batman comics and I became ashamed when I could not get Batman: The animated series on TV again. I was excited to learn that there was to be a new cartoon Batman on TV. I watched the episode the first day he premiere and I was very disappointed. <br /> First of all, the animation is very poor. It looks like a cheap, fancy Japanese animated. Then again, just about every modern-day cartoon is like that. <br /> <br /> The cartoon characters are even worse. Batman looks more like Birdman, Catwoman looks more like Chihuahuawoman, Bane looks more like a red version of the mountain, the Penguin is a kung-fu master, Mr. freeze is some unbeatable thing with an iceberg on his head, and the Riddler is a Gothic Marilyn Manson look-alike (which is funny because I do not expect those who are obsessed with riddles and puzzles to be Gothic). The worst character design is that of the Joker. They turn it into a monkey / dear Bob Marley / Kung-Fu fighter! The joker is supposed to be Batman's deadly enemy, but in this show he hardly poses a threat because his crime is so stupid and pointless. In one episode he had put his Joker venerable to feed dogs! Oh, how wrong! Batman is a fascinating and complex character because it is haunted by the deaths of his parents, which is why he fights crime. This version of Batman does not seem haunted by his parents' death and is not exciting at all. It's also not a detective, just a fighter. If there is an enemy he can not defeat, he will not study the enemy to get weak points as a detective would, he will just build a giant battle robot to defeat them. A lot of times this show does not even feel like a Batman show, just another brainless animosity that has nothing, but freewill fights. <br /> <br /> What I hate most about this show is what they did to the wicked. They have removed everything that makes them seemable and relatable and they come back to stereotyped bad guys. Man-Bat is the biggest example. In the comic, he is a tragic scientist who studied batons to get a cure for his deafness. When experimenting on himself, he accidentally transformed himself into a giant shipyard. In this show, he is a crazy scientist who wants to deliberately transform himself into a giant erection for any apparent purpose. Just about all the bandits are like that; None of them, with the exception of one or two, has a current motive for crimes. <br /> <br /> The worst characterization is that of Mr. Frozen. In the comics, frozen was just a crazy scientist until the writer Paul Dini's writer wrote the episode BTAS "Heart of Ice", which gave frozen a new origin that made him a very, three-dimensional, and likable. The episode was so popular that fans accepted it as her current origins and even used in comics as her origins. Even this movie Batman and Robin use it as her origins. In this show, she is a petty jewelry stealer before becoming gentleman. After becoming gentleman, guess what? It is still a petty loot robber! Great origin. No wonder they were used on Dini in one created. As a Batman fan, I'm not influenced by this show just because it's not as funny because I liked BTAS, the Batman cartoons that came after him, Batman Tim Burton's film, and obviously, the movie Christopher Christopher Nolan Movie . None of them were 100% loyal to the comic, but they were still pretty good. The problem with this show is not that it's not exactly like the comics or BTAS, it's that it lacks any sort of depth that makes other Batman media so popular. <br /> I gave this show much luck, but the more I look, the more I get that disappears me. I miss the good old days back when Batman Cartoons was something everyone could enjoy.
