Just once I'd like to see a version of Beowulf where it appears the screenwriters have at least one familiar passage with the original poem. But again, after viewing this Sci Fi presentation, I'm disappointed. I do not suggest the writers need to understand and analyze the poem in Old English, but I wish they could at least try to read a translation in English and try to build a story based on what actually transpired. The story is interesting enough; why add trace elements that are non-existent and ruin the story? What's wrong with being faithful to the text? <br /> <br /> Grendel is the immune weapon of any kind; why presents some super-bulge that is incredible and could not possibly exist in that time period (as correctly pointed out by the previous review)? The battle with Grendel was Beowulf vs. Grendel. That's it. No other person was involved in the fight. The only way Beolf could beat he was not choosing to specifically engage the monster without any weapons, the mistake was made by all previous defendants. But in this version, Danes and Geats fought the beast and Beowulf hacks into Grendel's arms with a sword! Again, why could not they show what really happened? Personally, I think that one-on-one mastery match between the two would be much more interesting. <br /> <br /> In general, this is a tacky and abysmal cartoon that is confident in the true story. Why add to a park with Hrothgar and Grendel's mom including sacrifices offered? Why create extra characters, such as Finn, add anything to the story? There was no love story in the poem. They did not even set the scenes in appropriate places (a jungle instead of the marsh and no lair under the lake). They fail to notice the metaphor that the Tangrik Grendel means? it is supposed to be underground to represent hell. Why not rather center on the symbol inherent in the epic poem? Even my high school students last year were able to do much better when creating a short Beowulf short film, focusing on the themes and symbols that covered the story. If Hollywood could create a movie center on these elements and faithful to the plot, then that would be a really great movie.
