Where to start? Anakronism? High-tech bow tie with a scope of about 500AD? Arrows and explosive charges at 500AD? A monster grendel that looks like a robot and obviously never reacted to any of the weapons fired or knife against it? The heart torn from his victim's chest without any sense of contact? Perhaps the blonde that would fit in on a recent fashion show with her make-up hair and ax? The Danish national court is represented by the classic Greek style? The Queen is played by Marina Sirtis more savage by her makeup artist than by madness? The effects are way too weak to bring this story. There are some stories that do not mind or even benefit from cheap, but this Grendel is not one of them. <br /> What about similar characters to jump on in their mood without motivation? A brave witch masterpiece who has already been savaged more than once by the monster Grendel seems less respected for the danger he faces than Beowulf has been sent from afar to the country of Geats to help the desperate Danes. In this it feels more like an old cowboy west than any kind of myth. <br /> <br /> Beowulf is an ancient story of an era and almost no literary tradition and much of both its feelings and its drama is dark. I suspect that any modern saying that does not make a smart attempt to join hostel to be weakened. I did not like the "Beowulf and Grendel" who saw Grendel essentially as human and saw Hrothgar and his Danes as too arrogant and stupid to recognize Grendel's assault as well-justified revenge, but I respected his revisionist position that Hrothgar's dancer was a bunch of sick people who never understood, even after he was all over, brought this nightmare on their heads, and therefore the original story of Beowulf, as it was written , was a bad response to the real story. I think there is a more complex meaning to be understood than that, but this "Grendel" secret is terrible that Grendel attacks are tied to sacrifice before people do not really bring us closer to the shame experienced by Hrothgar and Danes. <br /> <br /> This beowulf has little to recommend it as traditional myths or as modern fantasy. I give it a 4: higher than it deserves, but still hope that a poor effort will draw attention by someone up to telling the story of intelligence. In the meantime, the film-making sci-fi seems to be following the NASA policy that it is best to build many of the failures that fail than a few that succeed.
