La Sanguisuga the Danza drive, or the Bloodsucker directing the Dance as I believe it is common to English title, is set on 'Ireland' in '1902' where Richard Marnack's mysterious Count (Giacomo Rossi-Stuart) invited soon-to-out in actress Evelyn theater actresses (Patrizia Webley as Patrizia De Rossi) and three more of his fellow-to-work friend Cora (Krista Nell), Penny (Lidia Olizzi) & Rosalind (Marzia Damon as Caterina Chiani) mansion It is located on a small island just off the coast. At first Evelyn is hesitant but stumbles when he agrees to step but Samuel (Leo Valeriano) goes along. Once Count Marnack tells him that his father & grandfather both cut their heads on their cheating wife using a ceremonial knife & there's a feeling of concern when it seems that Evelyn looks exactly the same way and the Current County wife who has been running too long ago ... Together with having to worry about weirdo brain it turns out that someone wants to use the knife to head off a few heads of ... /> This Italian production was written & directed by Alfredo Rizzo & is complete, complete & absorbed crap from start to finish. The first thing first allowed the start of the criticism with the title of the Bloodsucker directing the Dance, allowing examine this title because when I feel a bit cheated that there is no vampire or any form without either either, no ' drive 'anything at any time and there is certainly no dance or dancing so do not expect any of these things. What should you expect even though it's a tedious, dull, boring 'little one' that takes more than an hour before anyone dies and any sort of murder mystery begins to take shape, the first hour of the La Sanguisuga drive Danza is like less drawn & refreshing as anything out there. The best way to imagine it is to think of the most boring film-core movie you've ever seen, then cutting most of the soft-core porn outside & just leaving bad actors, bad duplication, bad dialogue, a little bit of soft-core sex & lesbianism & absolutely nothing else. Yes, it really is that bad. The mystery elements are crap, those who make things logical for no apparent reason & too complicated 'twist' ending is like the remainder of it, the Sixth Sense (1999) this is not! <br /> <br /> Director Rozzi performs an OK job La Sanguisga the Danza drive actually has a nice look and feels it despite its evident budget low, I mean there are scenes where it shows a raging outside storm However the stock footage is in black & white! So the movie jumps out of bright black & white colors every time it's off of the storm & back in color again! There is an absolutely hilarious scene where a maid & her friends discuss her breasts & it allows her friends to feel who is then full compliment, this scene is so funny & just abnormal that it's priceless & Easy films are the best moments though a bad 70 malicious pornography should be embarrassed by the dialogue! Minimal nudity & lesbian / sex lesbian are very tame. Forget about any blood or gore as there is no separate head of decapitation. <br /> <br /> Technically the films are very good, the environment setting and production design are actually quite impressive although it's not massive in its dimensions it works effectively enough. The movie has a nice sense of color & the movie is fine. The film is armed so it's hard to give an opinion on the original performances but the voice actors are awful & the dialogue is even worse than normal. The La Sanguisuga Danza drive is a terrible movie, it does not have any sense, it has virtually no history for more than an hour, it's probably the most deceiving title ever and is really dull and boring with a twisted confusion confused '' ends. As far as fan fans of Euro go have much movie much better than this so please do not waste your time, as for anyone else this is definitely one to avoid. Trivia Note: The Notorious (& Prohibited in the UK) Nazi Exercise / Horror Movie Anxiety Experience in the SS The Last Days (1977) AKA SS Camp Camp & The Heat of Animals headed by Luigi Batzella & it has been a substantial role as substantial as a police detective at the La Sanguisuga Danza drive.
