This "smart" movie was originally a Japanese movie. And while I assumed that the original film was very bad, he did a little bit worse when the American-American film hacked the movie into pieces with American elements that made the audience crazy segments. Now, unless your hearing has been made of total moisturizing, it has become painfully evident that this was done - and done with little animated or care about the final product. The bottom line is that you have a lot of clear Japanese scenes and then clearly American scenes where the movie looks quite different. Plus, American scenes are really meaningful and consist of two different groups of people just talking about the gamer - the evil flying turtle! And although this is a fire-breathing, flying and destructive monster, there is practically no energy because I assume the actors were just embarrassed by being in this movie miserable - in particular, veteran film Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker. They both look tired and sick-at ease for being there. <br /> Now, as for the monster, it's not quite Godzilla-like standard animal. Seeing a giant fanged tanga retracts itself and branches and starts spinning in the air as a missile is hilarious. On the other hand, the fancy model aircraft, destructive balsa building and power plants, as usual, in this movie and come as no surprise. Plus an unbelievable Japanese mimic film is included which will frankly annoy members of most Japanese audiences, and that is "adorable and precarious to the boy who loves the monster and believes in it". Yeah, right. Well, just like GODZILLA VERSUS MONSTER in SMOG and several other films, you've got this bitter bitterness cheering over the monster, though unlike later incarnation in Godzilla, Gamera is NOT a good guy and turns out to be the young end The goat is just a fool! Dummy, exceptional exceptional effects that could make better by the average seven-year-old, bad acting, American clips and occasionally awful voice dubbing makes this a miserable movie. Strangely, while most will surely hate this movie (and that stupid kid), there is a tiny and very vocal minority who loves these films and compares them to Bergman and Kurosawa. Do not believe them - this is a terrible movie! <br /> <br /> FYI - Apparently due to its formidable stage presence, Gamera has appeared in several more films in the 60s as well as some recent incarnations. None of these changes the central fact that it is a fire-breathing flying turtle or that movies are really, really lame.
