We now travel to a parallel universe where the appearance of giant prehistoric monsters plots the cities are part of the daily routine. It's the world of Godzilla, Rodan, Mothra Ghidrah and their kind - a strange world, and one made even strangers by the appearance of an identified tortoise called Gamera. <br /> <br /> Forever in the shadow of the monolithic Toho Studios, the second Daiei Studios mouth was famous for samurai sagas than Monster movie. In the mid 60s they decided to join the giant reptile race and designed a series of rival monsters in Toho's successful Godzilla mammals. They wisely chose Gamera as their ships - a giant turtle that flows in the middle of the hunger-tooth, and turns in the air by shooting the flame of its foot-shell (and at one point you almost see the shell market paper the fire!) The first Gamera movie "Gamera Invincible" (as sold in the US) is a virtual mirror of the movie Godzilla first, only 10 years back. American fighter chased an aircraft without marks on its Arctic fire - the nuclear bomb on the ignition board and woke the giant gamera out of its sleeping ice. Eat atomic energy, he immediately goes on a rampage, and the world wants to destroy Gamera once and for all, but a little Japanese boy named Kenny, who has a psychic connection with the giant turtle and even maintains a version Miniature in an aquarium by his bed, believes Gamera is essentially kind and benevolent. It is like a Jewish kid with a pinup of Hitler. "Gamera is a good turtle," he complains, then sulks and puts on a figure like someone who pooped into his Coco Pops. Miraculously leader of the world listened to him, and thus begins Z-Plan to save the world AND Gamer from complete destruction. <br /> <br /> Released in 1965, Gamera was a surprised hit. The annoying raid anthropomorphism actually worked on kiddie audiences in both Japan and the US, and the sight of Gamera on Stumping Miniatures footage in Tokyo and the North Pole is glorious chintzy. Most surprising of all is the longevity of the series: eight original Gamera films, plus a kill in recent remakes. Not bad for a mutant reptile that one friend is mewing eight year old milquetoast - and if I hear "Gamera are friends ALL ALL" one more time I will break Tokyo. Which seems to be an easy task in the parallel universe where smart kids and torturers are larger than a Seiko poster in the 1965 torto-fest Gamera.
