With popularity ranging in iconic Godzilla series, as with any hit movie event, there has been inevitably going to make a crowd of imitators trying cash in on the success of great lizard. With Godzilla was dawned on a rising popularity in the Kaiju genre (giant). Many sought success; a few won it. One of the few who not only benefits, but wins popularity was Gamera, a giant turtle that could breathe fire in and out and fly by flowing flames from the supports of his tapping as a means of jet proportions. But unlike Godzilla, Gamera was marketed as a friend of all children, later fighting other monsters to save children in danger, and so Gamera became very popular among the kiddies. Unfortunately, this is about the audience only audience that the original Gamera series will have any appeal to. While the new Gamera movies directed by Shusuke Kaneko are wonderful, the revolutionary monster movie, the original set, including the original, is nothing special. The first Gamera movie, titled in Japan as the "Giant Monster Gamera" was clearly a Godzilla wants to-be. Though the film was produced in the era of color film, he was shot in black-and-white. Why? To imitate the first Godzilla movie in the 1950s. Gamera also attacks Tokyo. Because Godzilla attacked Tokyo in the first movie. I do not know much about the Japanese version, for the version familiar with the American version, where the scenes were cut and new to American actors were elements (is it coincidence that the same thing happened with the movie Godzilla first? ) Now, if this adds or takes away the movie, I can not say. But the "Gammera Invincible" is really nothing more than a stubborn just puffed together like the great tortoise itself. <br /> <br /> The "Gummera Invincible" is a highly routine-oriented film. The characters come from a standard of standard fiction science, the story is inanimate, the monster has no real motives for attacking civilization, the act is mockingly, and so on and so forth. The only thing that differentiates it from the Godzilla series is finished in the movie, but this is also a betrayer since the plan that eventually holds Gamera's rampage is completely phantom and ridiculous. Now the rest of the movie and many others entered into this genre also fit this description, but this is a quiet monster stodgy movie. <br /> And although Shusuke Kaneko would later transform the gamer into an exciting monster and trilogy in the 1990s, in the original series, Gamera was not an attractive screen presence. It was neither fear nor sympathetic. It's just waddles around like a toddler, balance with every step, and miniature knocks lying on. As usual, everyone wants to destroy gamer except for a kid (Yoshio Uchida who has been lazily left out of credits even if he plays a 'central role') who thinks Gamera is a nice turtle. Movies in the genre that the "Gummera Invincible" is part of them are easy to criticize with this one is subject to extra pressure. Even in the company of many other Godzilla-imitation-, this Gamera movie is not a very particularly good entry. And as far as my movie experience goes, the rest of the films in the series are either boring or worse. Like Godzilla, gamer should be filmed in color and go to fight monsters. And like Godzilla, it would get cheaper and cheaper with each film until it was time to revive the series and make it serious again. <br /> It's peculiar. Generally I recommend people to stick and original and pass on their remakes. But in the case of Gamera, my verdict is just the opposite. I strongly encourage people to watch the 1990 Gamera trilogy directed by Shusuke Kaneko and jumping on the original series unless interested. The new films are inventive, well-designed, interesting, and above all, fun. The original series is a long stream of boredom.
