I was not really going to comment, but then I figured I had something to say. I saw this movie two days ago and, although I think it's not a complete waste of time (it might have been in money though, for the producers), it's obvious he has serious problems. It was really good movies and (little, but) nice music. A lot said about Ana Cristina Oliveira but is to be honest, about what? It is not really an actress and it permanently balances between under-acting and preposterous under-acting. His performance is good because there is never anyone like Odete in any other movie: crazy? tris? kids? an imposter? No one knows, friends. So it's kind of dictated the rules here. <br /> I think this film was also a good example of the most Portuguese film problems suffered from: bands. There is a permanent NO in dubbing and the result is the normal mass of noise from the blue. People in other countries may think that Portugal is hottest in places. What thrilled me though, was that some of the dialogue was armed, but it did not necessarily solve the syndrome. Bad doubles too, I must say. It's strange to watch a movie in which the first thing to hit my mind on the first stage, when the first character is talking is: it's armed. And all these say that the movie has technical problems. <br /> It also had script problems. He tries to be classic from the first of the last stage. There was a desperate fear of leaving things off and showing. The writer was obviously trying to find everything right and he did, but ... it shows !! All dialogue is too exposure and there is not one single piece of talk that sounds like a line from a movie. It's all a little raw and a bit unpleasant. Not that the movie is a total mess, I must stress. I just think that the good parties are so obvious that I prefer to focus on those bad ones. <br /> <br /> Direction brings little of the movie to the weak. All the vaccines are classic and un-innovative, but beautiful. Great work from Rui Poças, by the way. <br /> Currently, what I think was the problem, the one who kept people from believing this story and laughed at the movie instead of taking it seriously: the guy who plays the guy who DIES is obviously not an actor. Actually, it's a rather important role and I can not see why the actors are cast for these parties. This guy is neither an actor nor a good man. Which means the whole movie rolls down the hill, since we never believe in a second that this gorgeous woman obsessed with her even though she was gone, and that her hunky lover continues to actually have a bad time getting about the loss, when all we see in this character is indifferent. Too bad. The world is all beautiful and even beautiful seductive lovers. The world is full of good actors who also have cute boys and resulting obsessive people after they go away. The world is full of films and also by the great movie. It's life!
