I tried. I really did. I thought that perhaps, if I gave Joao Pedro Rodrigues another chance, I could enjoy her movie. I know that after seeing O FANTASMA I felt sick and almost disgusting at the core, but some of the comments were quite good and in favor, so I was like, "What the Hell .. At least you do not Paying 10 dollars into the quad. Give it a shot. "Sometimes it is best to go to your dentist and ask for a root canal without any anesthesia before relieving the horror of much pain. I often wonder if it would not be best to go back to my childhood and my exhaust grudge really left me to have it. On other occasions, I often think that the world is really flat and that if I'm away far enough, I will not only get away from it all, but it's clear, and that some wrong, Lovecraftian thing will hack me and his 9000 arms and bolt life - and some French fries from 1995, still persistent inside my esophagus - from me. <br /> <br /> Is there a reason for Odete? I would say not all ... just that perhaps his Creator thought that writing a story centered on her madness (one that made Alex Forrest look like Strawberry Shortcake) looked not just creepy but flat-out sick of bone a. She first of all decided to leave her present boyfriend (in shrieking) because she wants a child and she believes they're too young. He later crashed a funeral at a gay man, and - finding this - in order to get closer to him and the films were pregnant while insinuating himself in the lives of the deceased mother and the worst lover in the way. Oh, of course, it sounds like a bansy and throws himself not one but a good three times on his grave. And there's this ridiculous business that it progressively becomes "Pedro" that sums up some weak-as-bad-tech explanations that love to know no gender. Or something. <br /> I would say it's as black as a case of cashew, sale. But then again, so the director. And then, to take a chance on that. At least the guys looked good. Other than that ... not many other things to see here.
