I read another review that expressed the view that platoon was a never ending cycle of marine murder, being killed, taking drugs and gossip. <br /> I do not agree with that because the movie actually had the most of it, but it's a way I can see what this person tries to say: this was no real draw - which is my point agree with .. It is self-indulgent Stone of it better. He really wants to show, not just how war leads to death, but also how it is very traumatic on surviving people. Unfortunately, the film looks like "glorified" this aspect and the grand finale is just way to champion, Grand-Standing, Oscar-hunting "let's create a durable image" for my liking. <br /> <br /> The problem I have with Stone and other movie-makers in Ilk it is that they fail to understand this simply concept: describing fortresses without so much deadly garbage that war is not evidenced or even reflect on whatever it was an unjust or immoral war. We've seen the same position at this time with Iraq. In case you do not miss the point, let me put it to you briskly: if you see how genuinely without the second world war and how destructive it was on the lives of soldiers to survive, you would think it was a unjust war? If this alone does not convince you that it was an unjust war, then why should the illustration of the horrors of Vietnam convince you that it was wrong to go to war in that instance. I do not support America's decision to go to war in Vietnam, but I certainly do not subscribe to "this war is wrong because people have died and suffer" theory. I do not think motivations are always wrong by default, just because the war itself is terrible. This says nothing in the fact that the finish or the final "big twist" was a bit stupid. However, this is not the first Oddball Wones departure. Wall Street was a beautiful movie, up to the last 30 minutes or so when it made a great "turn turn." JFK is probably one of the few rock castings that have actually been done very well. But it hardly matters to this one because there were so many small draws up to the point of the movie twisting around. And this is why I gave it as a low brand. It has been virtually history-less and ultimately boring - unless you've fallen off for the manufactured productivity.
