I have a serious problem with this show, several actually. A simple list will suffice for now, I will go into more depth later on: superficial characters, a laugh-track and boring humor. <br /> <br /> If you do not want to look at the rest of this review and only read it so you can feel superior (as if you see anything in this show I did not) to a teen which encourages from Canada I will summarize: friends absorb, not only because it is unfunny, but because it destroys audiences on TV for new, good shows (Arrested Development, Dexter etc.). Friends are as much of blame for reality TVs, "Two and Half Men" and "The Queens of Queens" as TV executives. Now on with the review. <br /> <br /> These characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in every way (outside of gender and hair color). They react similarly to boring situations and are completely safe in their own bodies. Where does the conflict and humor come with it? Why is not Rachel taping out on Monica after Monica starts hanging out with Rachel's enemies? Why is Joey unlucky suicide because nobody seems to take it seriously? Oh right, cause it is the mute one and it was comfortable with that. This is the curse that has perfect character: lasting conflicts and (God's forgiveness) personality becomes impossible. <br /> <br /> The street-track is one thing that should be killed right after it was born. Any showing that one is almost certainly the opposite of comic. How do I make such a great generalization? When a show that claims must be "comedy" requires street laughter from someone to the HEARD, it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. Laughtracks to destroy humor does not prevent commercial swiftness. Humor becomes a constructive rather than a free flowing entity (see Office, arrest development). This leads to my next point: the humor is boring. There is no way to make a perfect character of anything more than a little funny (without a laugh-track apparently) simply because our everyday humor comes from the recognition of our flaws. So what if Monica dating a 17 year old? He immediately acknowledges that what he is doing is not good and breaks up with him. There are some sort of conflict rather than an immediate solution. Perhaps his mother finds out or one of her friends trying to get rid of him and finishing up his seduces. That would be great, would it be like a guard fight? So now I've been proofing for my position. Many of my friends love to show that because they do not hear about your enthusiasm or detained development, many of my friends hate to show that because they just started watching your enthusiasm anger or arrested development. I watched many "friends" in my life, but I looked enough at the big flaws of the show, in my opinion, completely unwatchable. If you have read this far, thank you, and I hope you at least begin to look at some of the shows I've mentioned.
