The latest station, director Michael Hoffman's melodrama over the last months of the life of Leo Tolstoy, begins with fog and sleep. Tolstoy (Christopher Plummer) lives with his family in a compound of Yasnaya Polyana, walking and writing and being seen with his wife and coherent in his "movement", people dedicated to his idea of ​​pasifis, vegetarian, sexual and communal property gathered in a nearby forest camp. His wife, Sophia (Helen Mirren) war openly with the head of his Chertkov movement (Paul Giamatti), whom he claims in his efforts to persuade Tolstoy to sign the rights of his work on the Russian people trying to steal wealth which he owes to her husband imminent death. Observing all of this is the new manager of Tolstoy, Bulgakov (James McAvoy), a naive adjunct torn between his love of the man and his wife's anxiety. Hoffman's script, based on the novel by Jay Parini, often veers himself in confused territory, builds a complex melee of wire and opaque motivation that ultimately does not solve themselves in any way satisfying. The film scope is great, and its history should reverberate as Tolstoy, whose beliefs are predicted in some ways both Bolsheviks and those of pasifis like Ghandi. It unfortunately does not, it's un-unpickable, built with many gusto confrontations that constantly ravelling off at anything. The three-way relationship between the Church, the faithful Sophia and the incredible Tolstoy, for example, frequent references. In the last section of the movie a mute priest in a magnificent hat even shows up, but the script never increased on this beyond awkwardly inserting it into the story as an attempt to enrich it or give some pretense of accuracy historic. There is a ton of detail in the movie, but it's not enough to pay most of them and as a result of the film feels overcrowded, too much, energetic, but unfortunately freeware. <br /> At her heart is the love story between Sophia and Tolstoy, and this story, as dazzling and cramped as it is, is the reason to watch the movie. Mirrors and Plummer, the striking, best things in the movie. Tolstoy Plummer is vague, at once confused and determined, fearful and full of joy and certainty. Sophia Mirren is in full panic, in a righteous man, forced to look and hoping to be dumb as her husband gives away her time, her assets and her money to those who are self devoted to her, , but also clearly in possession of their own agenda. They are great performances, all the more so giving the Gulf of importance to the real importance of the couple's history and the script's ability to support that, both Sophia and Tolstoy seem willing to film by Mirren and Plummer alone, too From doing the best they can come from what lean material is there. Giammati and McAvoy, both talented actors, can do the same with the Chertkov Giamatti seem neither revolutionary nor thief (and not both at once) but rather a chiffon, a stand-up for a pack The whole of unresolved anxieties and cancels historic impulses. The scope of this stuff never burns down at anything, it loups together, getting not on the force of Plummer and Mirren and by many other things. It's interesting and beautiful, but ultimately unrewarding. 4.5 / 10
