This animated TV series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girlfriend's comrades) who pilot a giant robot in defending Japan against invading animals called Angels. There are so many explanations given to the Angels or why numbers have increased in recent times, and they just seem to pop out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once instead of interspace interspace that is good for are you trying to destroy?). Battle fights fight to try to employ a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. Nearly every episode seems like a waste of space where nothing is of interest. Some may be intrigued by fans who mention the very few symbolic references, but that's all they are - one-mateary fund of religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly launched in with zero profession. As a whole series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, who is really nothing more than self-pitying crybabies. The psychology is pathetic, and uncomfortable simplistic conflicts such as "I hate my dad" repeatedly over and over and over and over with no progress beyond the nominal values. It's no exaggeration to say that these characters plunge this series from time-wasting mad mad-induced garbage during the episodes of endless and endless, angst-ridden diatribes of too repetitive psychobabble (some of which are totally flawless) . <br /> I'm not kidding when I say that this series just got worse and worse as it progresses. Every day I would look at the DVD set sitting on my living room table and telling myself, "Damn, I had to watch the next episode at some point. (Soupi) I can as well as slug in another tonight only one." The real kicker was that these episodes were only 25 minutes long, yet they somehow could be digested in a completely refreshing borehole at the 10 minute opening. This will come from a guy who will happily sit in 150 minutes movie with glacial rhythms, so my critics in this series are more overwhelming indeed. <br /> Never in all my life I despise watching a series as much as "Evangelion." I've already bought it based on all of the commentaries on IMDb, and I certainly would not let it collect dust after spending my hard-earned money. What was followed was 10 hours of pure, unlimited torture. Love relationships / hate me and animate will turn into a hated relationship / love after this very acclaimed disaster. <br /> <br /> "Evangelion" represents everything hosted should not be - massive amount of dull, pretentious to trick under the guise of smart movies. Universal claims for this crap is simply incredible; and the ridiculous affirmations by fans that this series as "one of the greatest achievements of mankind" is probably the most gorgeous comment I've ever heard about IMDb - and I've seen some doozies.
