I occasionally see some of this show because my wife is watching it sometimes. I try to enjoy it for its basic idea that will help a family in need, but several factors get along the way for me. Each episode follows the same format where many parts seem totally scripted (which are) with tears shed seemingly on cue. The attempt to manipulate the viewer with a mix of emotional breakdowns and sad music is a real turn for me. The fact that everyone who gives something to the house, let Sears or people, whose plugs themselves to be generous is also annoying. Probably the biggest problem I have with it all is that what must be huge amount and a small army of workers combine to build an amazingly on the roof for a single family. Now I know that this amount is nothing but a drop in the bucket for Disney / ABC but how much more can be done for more people and the amount they put on one house? Instead of focusing on one family and getting them all weeping during the episode why do not help 10 families and show up? Is not life difficult enough for average people? Why do I need help finding things to be sad, why not show something really inspirational without manipulating? I know what they did for these families is good, but they are also used for evaluation. You can not tell me they have not been framed sometimes on the weeping. I guess when I see people moving in a hard-working home working in the US could not pay for the kids it really harassed me. I can not help but think of what can really be done with a small portion of Disney's money. Instead of giving each family member a flat screen TV or personal shower that tells you water temperature and tear from the ceiling why not help more people pay for food, clothing, education and health insurance? I know that we can entertain and have a good cry. In terms of money, I feel the same about Oprah. I do not think anyone can actually get pregnant the amount he has. Yes shows how it works, but when it gives $ 30,000 to each "lost" competitor, I'm sitting here thinking ... this is a year's salary for many, many people ... if they're lucky. Do not get me started on game shows. So I realize that Extreme Home Home Makeover is "doing good", but forgiving me if I see it as more self-serving than giving himself. Is there anyone who looks similar?
