I am a Christian and I say this movie has done wrong, real situations and a front facade completely for Christianity. You might as well watch the "Remember the Titans" and at least not mix Christ in a football movie like a formal steroid for losers. Let me make some comments really weighing of what bother me in this movie. <br /> 1. The school was in Georgia and it was a white academy school. I did not notice one black student or player at the school. I am dealing with the "White" Christian Academies of the South and being built for any other reason than to regroup segregation. This is troubling when the film is about Christianity and Christ changes life ... how about to change the hearts of segregation? (note: I liked the black signboard coach, as he made up for the whole white team and all the black players' Giants.) <br /> 2. The uncritical crash by every Christian man on this movie. Can I find a couple people saying that it was bad acting, bad filming, bad writing and in short poverty compared to other movies. If we compared this to another football movie, would it have the same charisma and energy? <br /> <br /> 3. The half-hearted Christianity shown has made even less sense of me than the unrealistic finish. If Christianity is simply read a little scripture and pray to begin a complete life change, then do not ask that no one will listen to what Christians must say. We want to sell Christ as a healing-all. It does not need to sell and does not need to be attached to these capricious lifestyles. No wonder everyone is considering Christianity to be anti-intellectual and real-world presentation. <br /> I recognize this movie can be inspirational to a few people. Most, it will not. It will not give a real picture of wrestling with heartfelt tension. Most importantly, it is not Christian by any means or stretch. It has value but it falls short as a 'pull-up-up-the-by-bootstraps' message as deep as positive thinking. If you live with people who struggle with and / or those who are living in the third world, this movie will hollow as most churches today in their religion.
