This movie is not about football at all. It's Jesus / GOD! It's the same kind of monastic monastic surface you find in these archaeologist idols that lend to Jesus, or pump to Jesus. Yeah, Jesus was totally buffed, loved sports contact, and definitely owned a full set of dumb bells. DUHHH! This film should have the right "foot for Jesus," or something on the lines just to let the public in general know that the real intention of this movie is to convert people to Christianity, and pander to those with their brains was already well washed in the blood of the lamb. That title from the Bible made clear when the head coach reads his Bible and asks Jesus for help. The recent sporting film "Invincible" was 100 times more inspiring than this was, and Jesus was not even a factor. It was just the desire and determination of a person with a dream. Any great appeal as a sports inspiration film is finally lost among all the vulnerable Bible and present religious propagandists. One gets the impression that the only message is the only way you can succeed and make positive benefits is if you accept Jesus as your personal rescuer. But this is simply not true, and that is why a lie that was perpetuated by people who believe it is true and you want everyone else to believe it. The image of the athlete wins Jesus when he wins coming directly into the mind. What does it do when it loses? He cursed Jesus? Of course not! When lost Jesus is not responsible. Jesus is only responsible when he wins. And the logic goes round and round and round, and ends up exactly where the true believer needs it to be, every time! I had to hit a pause when the scene and the coaching receiving a brand new truck came up so I could stop rolling on the floor to my ass and catch my breath. Material is not Jesus taught. I find it odd that most so-called "Christians" seem to either forget or ignore this message from their "salvation", especially when I see a fish on the back of a huge gas guzzling SUV that passes me like me Still Still Another film this message implies is that Jesus apparently caress more about the lost record of a high school mediocre team than he does on millions of children in the world. The final scene where the insecurity boots and early boots in a yard garden goal 51 and it is hyped up as an incredible incredible miracle to put my final gag with a red rug flag on this turkey. I only gave him three stars because the guy who played the black coach can actually act.
