I was scolded and despised by fellow Christians for declaring my disappointment with this movie. I get hurt by statements like these: "I can not believe you did not like it! It was totally not Christian!" "Everyone gave their time and did not pay one person for the movie!" It was made by a church and not Hollywood ... we should spend our money on movies like that! They only used $ 100,000 to make the movie. "" This is not a real church and Christian school in Georgia! A preacher wrote and directed it. "So, apparently, the reason I should love this film is simply because of the way he did with the minimum amount of money used to do it and that was done by Christians This is all I need to love the movie. <br /> Look, I got the movie without knowing anyone about the background of the movie I never heard of it and had no idea - Other than football - what it was about. I watched it like I watched any other movie and was disappointed. I was disappointed by the libel editing and lame script. I was very disappointed by the resolution after Pi The big point, do not worry, there were other cinemas and other expansive movies that earned less respect from me than it did in the movie. The writer acknowledges that God does not say "yes" to all that we pray for in the way we want, but he wants to show no faith, but God has changed our lives. to change our lives and we are still arrested. God can change our lives and we do not get a boost in our work. God can change our lives and our car is still an old jalopy. God can change our lives and our home is still stinky. Why did he not show that in the movie? Others have said the concerns of the writer / director about the problem, but apparently, it was defensive. <br /> I did not think the act was awful nor many of the landscape shots. I love the idea of ​​going to God and recognizing its awesome power and our weaknesses. <br /> <br /> The writing and directing were very weak. It's easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development. All we really get from the coach's wife is not pregnant (well, until the end of the movie). It seems as though there were only ball players who had the potential to have an interesting character and that cut the bits "I have a disabled dad and I can not play football well, but I'll kick the goal field there even though i never pursued a real field goal before. "Another problem was the Christian school itself. I, I worked for two Christian schools, went to one of my head, and they had a lot of nephews and nephews in other Christian schools. All in all, I had some very close connections and about ten different people. NO of the problems I've seen in all those schools have been addressed. I saw this as completely surreal in the movie about the schools and wanted to have shown the human factor. It is good to see a dose of reality and how God can work. I'll close by stating that all work - either written or drawn or played on an instrument-shared artist's world view. The world view that showed me in this movie consists of "People who pray the right way to win game balls, find new cars, get pregnant when they could not, get a boost, and get the fixed houses - all in a short span. "I know. I should love the movie simply due to the sincerity of those who did it. I think I should love the movie because it's well done and for any other reason.
