It's interesting how 90% of the high-revised reviews are all composed of "random user names" from "United States" (no pride states) that all say more or less exact the same and precise the same grammatical style and all and the exact same complete lack of taste in movies. I would dig more of this suspicious trend, but alas, this is a review of the movie, and does not review them themselves. <br /> Let me start by saying that I am both a Christian and a true hungry fan movie. That means I've seen a lot of great movies, from bad to bad, and can be reassured with all the heart that face the Giants is, in fact, NOT a good movie. It has good intentions, but negligence meets many (if any) basic standards that I associate with a great experience experience. <br /> <br /> The interim: Most terrible, the best palatable. Hearing: sick, cheesy, the script comes as a long version of some cheesy skyscrapers you'd see in Sunday school or youth group functions. Robo Revue Robots reveal in the absence of "idle words", but the truth is hard to say that these words are part of the real world, and the complete absence of it is obvious. Let's just tell the top coach instead of a team at a State Tournament Game would have a lot more to say than "Oh no!" when things will not go away. <br /> <br /> The plot: Mind-bogglingly predictable. He commented that this movie is "not a Hollywood ticket", and yet it's like pulling it directly into a casino sports movie for the Dolly (including the quasi-romantic subplot for the ladies) and just being There is a Christian-themed coat of paint glittering on it. I do not lie or boast myself when I say that I had almost every important details of both the plot and subplot set immediately upon their creations. Only one who never saw a decent sports movie in all life should be emotionally aggravated by the story presented here. <br /> <br /> Direction / Editing: It, too, has been modeled almost exactly after the Generic Underdog Film Model. Still, acting sideways, did not notice much goofs, so at least the Giants were technically competent. The Message: Ask Jesus and He Will Give All Your Will. Part of me hoped that this movie would end up eventually defeat the team really emphasized the whole "If we lose, we praise You" party, because in the real world, you will fail at one point or another and it's good to be prepared for that. But in the world of Facing Giants, if you fail, clearly someone is envious or cheating. Another interesting question was, what if the Eagles came across another team that has gotten religion? Would they take in an endless village to play miracles and last minute escape, or would the universe simply explode? <br /> <br /> The Bottom Line: For Conservative Christian Hardcore Parents are lamenting the evils of Hollywood, Facing Giants will be another mediocre-in-the-best Christian movie to keep up on a pedestal as model The preferred choice for modern film-making. For all others, the effects will vary from boredom to a burning desire to look something else. With a warning: Any attempts to show this non-Christian will not lead to conversion, but they are horrified. I give these two stars, one for the one scene that did not have me rolling my eyes, and another for basic technical skills on a low budget.
