I watched this movie in a group of youths, where young uninvolved leaders and his wife sighed on him. Then some adult couples in a church related to Christmas party deceived themselves by giving a copy of this movie to every single family in attendance, and now my home is stuck with the movie (though it's fortunately still stay in its shrinkwrap). I called bitter tears on these sad events, and here why: The first: this movie is good intent, especially if you are a Christian like me. This movie tries to show that you should trust in God and that it will make your life better. Not so bad, right? Eh. It turns out there is a problem - a big one. This film was made by a church, so of course every single issue had to be done with as nicely as Christians as possible. It's all black-and-white, there is no gray area. The grace of God and it will be in this film is something predictable, and it immediately comes to all who make it. <br /> This is not God I know. This is not the Christian life I'm familiar with. The God I believe in is a powerful and trusting God, but it is not the one who grants each one I want. I follow it as best I can, even though the go is often difficult; yet the football team in this movie gets their humility and self-control a lot easier than anyone ever to get it. I can not relate to cardboard boxes that flip from the bad-side side-by-side in a few structured movie scenes. And when I follow His commandments as taught in the Bible, I certainly do not find the shower of blessings as these characters do. My immediate immediate reward is that I have done the right thing; Everything else comes with long, dirty, work that is really hard. But take the example of this movie lying: Grant Taylor coaches the football team at Christian Shiloh school, which has 6 lost episodes in a row. He can lose his job on it, and he and his wife are low on money as it is. They want a baby but the doctor says it is sterile. Oh, and his car does not work. And the boys in his football team are disrespectful to parents, whiny after millions of losses, and bad at land kikin goals. This is one tired community here. But wait, Grant Taylor decides he will trust God for everything! Then he spent his faith in his team. So far, so good. Not for long. As they begin to obey, blessing literally goes through them. Suddenly students stop respected parents; The school has a great "revival"; The team begins to win every game; they even win the Grand Tournament against the toughest team in the league! Taylor's coach coaches reassured; The school gets it a bright new truck as a present (which, by the way, is the epitome of valley, patron-fair-time); it gets a boost; his wife (get this) even conceived from her sterile sperm! And thin kid manages to kick his first goal goal grounds when it really matters !! Wowzers, woot, yay, praise the Lord, etcetera, etc ... ... <br /> <br /> Yipe. Just YIPE. No one in my church has ever experienced Christ in this way off-e-circle. Yes, there was miraculous aplenty in my family, as well as gifts and comforts of animals, and I attribute them to God's grace and love. But God is not a few tap pipes that you turn over and over were good or bad! It is not with great a mystery; Its gift comes unexpectedly, often when you think you do not need them, but you really do. It's a long, hard slog in the way of progress, and things NEVER turn out the way you thought they would. <br /> <br /> This movie has good intentions. But because of its supreme surprise and total escapism, it tanks lots of a 1/10. The bad act and sports movie clubs seem to be the only button next to these lepres that this movie inadvertently pushes. <br /> <br /> For all future church plans to make a movie: do not be afraid to show real life, even you must add some inconvenient truth to the mix. However, many donors have not treated cotton candy, nobody has learned anything of it. Give us the meat, the bones, the real things! True life applies to everyone, not just Christian, and that one aspect "Facing the Giants" did not manage to grasp.
