I found out on this movie because Jew Ben Chaplin from games about was in it. Game over is a British comic sitcom and apparently he has left because he wants to break into Hollywood and star in this movie. He failed to thank God. This film is a very simple comedy comedy with Janeane Garofalo playing an ugly woman who uses her neighbors Uma Thurman on the date of Ben Chaplin because she thinks Ben Chaplin will not love her because she is ugly. The movie is just bad for many reasons. The plot is unbelievably predictable from the slapstick bits open to the bits are severe butcher: ugh just that assembly where all three of them will have fun and then the picture bit. These two scenes make me cringe! Janeane's character is poorly arrogant (and guessing her role as stand-up "comedy" and arch-feminism is also in real life). She claims that the film is "anti-feminist" when in fact it's just realistic. Men more often than not go for looks on personality. It is also interesting to note his hypocrisy as well. It would be a feminist and "comedian" for years before taking this role and then suddenly decided after that the movie was bad. I imagined he hated the idea and script of this movie before he was released but he made sure he kept that quiet so he could get paid for this travesti in a movie. I mean come on! He acted in it for Heaven's sake! What this film really was anti-male if anything. It shows men as stupid animals whose brains in wagers and men are doing stupid things to attract the attention of Uma Thurman's character to Noelle. There are other bad things about this movie too like Ben Chaplin's character being British man every Indian girl gets pretty and Jamie Fox is black navy best friend in Chaplin and of course Foxx has tried and imitated his accent. a few times for good measurements. Is that the best script writer to come up with? Blimey has never done this before except all Hugh Grant and Dudley Moore movie ever made. There is also a really horrible sex scene that is just grotesque and proves how cheap the movie is. The other comments about here all say that Janeane Garofalo is not ugly but is actually nice. Erm I looked at the movie as they were? It certainly does not look and only the good thing about this movie was that it was rightly cast as the ugly one. Although he said, I fail to see the appeal of Uma Thurman as well: it's lace and gang looking. <br /> I guarantee three things on this movie if you never watch it: <br /> You'll know what ends will be; <br /> You will find the sex gamer scene sexfully embarrassed and; <br /> You will be bored after ten minutes. /> <br /> Look at your own dangers.
