Scarecrows is one of those films that, with a little more acting, a little more direction, and a lot more logical history, would have been quite compelling as a horror entrance. As it stands, it's still a creepy film that has solid make-up and gore effects, and a quote that sustains the mood of the horror despite in itself. And hey, no teenager is getting killed one by one - just adult mute, so that's a refreshing change of pace. And the plot line is amazingly similar to dead birds, with a precipitation thief, a spooky home abandoned in the middle of nowhere, with demonic monsters. But just like birds, adults are still insecure, they run around cluelessly before they kill each other, and ignore the obvious danger. But we never really find out the supernatural why, and that is to support the atmosphere of criticism. And like clowns, scarecrow can be very creepy; unless they look like Ray Bolger, of course. Escape from an airplane and pilot plane with his daughter, after a stealing millions of cracks, a bunch of military-dual military by one of their own; a very nervous guy called Burt. It jumps out of the big and heavy, the box that keeps the money and apparently has no plan to move it around once it is on the ground. The dust of the bunch, he is murdered first. But before it arrives on Fowler's residence, neglecting snuggly amid creepy-looking phishing scams, and surrounded by a wooden fence surrounded by wire-wiring harness and many of the warnings stay away. With the weird weather on the roof, and the astus and pterodactyl, there should be a warning sign, too. The indoor is also quite foreboding (for us at the audience, anyway). Annoyingly, we must listen to Burt's thoughts in voice-over, as he walks around and mysteriously comes across the key to the truck decorated in the yard. The keys to pops up would have enough to have my pants - with me in them - jumping out the door. Perhaps it's just me, but I'm really enjoying looking at people's mouth moving on screen, even when they just think loudly. It helps to intensify the action, and gives the actor more to do than just look as the voice says. Burt over the box on the truck and make his getaway. Make sure you do not? Decaded trucks still have plenty of fuel in them, especially with today's prices, and the battery? there are no problems. Now I have mentioned that Burt has been dumbest in the bunch, and here is why (in addition above, of course). Have great night-vision to walk through the foliage and get the house and take them away to drive the truck away, and instead, turn on the front lights to see where it's going. Of course, the crooks are still in place in front of them in his truck, and knows where it is headed. Brilliant. It deserves to die. Definitely. I do not know why he needed night vision glasses in the first place, as every bright scene is lit, from the interior of the plane, at night-time outside the landscape, and the house. The cinematographer was either a. myopic, b. just out of school, or c. to deal with really cheap filmstock. <br /> <br /> Burt meets his crush when the truck dies in the middle of nowhere. Go face. A very nice touch, and there, I have to admit, a few of the movie, is the fact that when he opened the truck's leader, there is no engine. Climb, to be sure (and insert comment pants again here). The story logic fails when dying, now-stuffed-like-a-float-and-money-and-pay-burt returns to the house. The rest of the bunch is there, rough it up, then realizes that it is indeed dead, and they are cooked and stuffed as a flounder with money and straw. Burt died managing to put up a fight, though, with a fellow's whistle, pushing her into a window, causing her to bite at more than she could chew into a gorylicious scene. At this point, you would think that they could run out of the house and go back to the plane - but noooo, they decide to stay and look for the rest of the money. In fact, the whole Burt is dead episode treated rather matter-of-fact, although one bright bulb in the bunch discussed, "Burt walked around dead, for chrissakes!" Stolen money suddenly appeared on the grounds outside, and the bloops went on for the bait blithely. Soon, another one of them, Jack, is sent, and again the scene is well done and awful, involving a dull menus and no anesthesia. Now there are three groceries going on wreaking destruction, and one of them needs a hand, literally. When one of the crooks sees the scarecrow and Jack is getting scarred, it starts to scream, run like Hell, and shoot at his weapon in the typical para-military mode. So much for all this training under crap pressure. He meets with the others and stops in his tracks to explain why he is screaming, running like hell, and firing on his weapon, even though the scarecrows appear to be chasing him. Again, that logical thing script ... Dead and gutted, Jack returns to the house, and goes after the screamer and the usual results. If you listen to the deacon Jack's deacon, by the way, you can notice, depending on your age, that it is even the monster-rude sounds often heard in the episodes of TV lost. From surviving races away from home and back to the plane, barely escaping. But are they? You will have to see the movie to find out.
