I watched SCARECROWS because of the buzz surrounding it. Well, I can not imagine anyone who likes this movie because it's just bad, bad, bad. <br /> It's obvious that anyone doing this movie does not know one thing about horror. The whole story is an unsuccessful marriage in two ways: films (weapons and criminals) and terror (scarecrow living). When the criminals murder one by one, they are ready to pick up the peasants, two genres automatically cancel each other because, first, they are criminal and those who care about criminals, and secondly, because they're criminally stupid boots! Having zombie lightning go after them just does not work here. Where's the horror of that? I wanted the criminals dead to death, painful death. But the story is so badly constructed that this wedding of folks, which could be original if occupied well, NEVER frost. We're simply leaving with a bunch of super dancing criminals and a bunch of scenery, which is "alive" for all the little reason the filmmakers thought up. Making things even worse is the fact that the cinematography is awful (TVs), and, worse offense at all, all the clusters of the dialogue are being told about CBs, and we continuously hear inhuman dialogue talk about disconnecting such images as we're watching some sort of radio show. This part was really bad. The director should be fired on the spot to come up with ideas like a stupid! I can not tell you how to harass that. <br /> <br /> As I have already mentioned, the criminals of SCARECROWS are amazingly stupid. For example, when someone suddenly shows up, trapped and full of money and straw (yep, straw) in his huge open wounds, others are asked "What drug is it about?" After shooting tons of bullets in him, he could kill him (he was "zombie" by the peasants .. do not ask ...). Get a sign of freak, morons. I never saw these people stupid in a movie. Then there's the girl. I wanted one of the epidemics to kill him quickly because it was a pain in the butt. When she found her father nailed to a scratch "cross", she actually blamed the criminals in a nasty scene (bad act), even though the criminals were not able to do it. What a thirst it was! But the scarecapes are the weakest weakness of this very weak flick. They're not scared. Nothing much explains about them. They are just a tracing device in this full movie device. <br /> <br /> Mr Wesley, filming the face of a scarecrow for 30 seconds without stopping by elit but absolute boredom. And that scene with the head is talking in the fridge. Thanks for the laugh. <br /> In all, this was to be one of the worst movies I've seen lately (and I've seen a lot of movies these days!) Between the silently slippery KILLER or SCARECROWS, I would rather be observant SILO KILLER again. Yes, SCARECROWS is that bad.
