The orange tone of everything was just yucky. Oh yes, the main character lives in a ghetto that is full of orange-tinted and orange-tinted people. Meanwhile, mentally escaping from this crushing poverty in the body, she plays a full-immersive video game (which absorbs in that no rules are clear and there is no logic following the gameplay). It apparently achieves a game revenue playing but it is revealed by being an employee of the game company ?. Many passers-by have not spoken later on slowly. It uses a glitchy orange computer interface and an operating interface that is so visually annoying and I can only suspect a Microsoft released next. <br /> Meanwhile, I'm the viewer, asking basically why she's wasting her precious time in some moron games when she barely has the necessities of life? Oh yes, playing games is fun, but what are the points when you're almost starving? While it is piddling his life away to play some disgusting even-more-orange-tanned thump full immersion video game dog runs (probably looking for a landlord who pays at least a moment of attention to it and feeds it regularly) or is stole it from the woman (while it ignores its ugly orange-tint reality). <br /> Meanwhile it obsesses on some games he plays team games losing the movie all refreshing. Be cautious. So he wants to be the best of the best, go get to Ash Catchem (got to do all of us). Golly, this main character sucks as a human as well and has no kind of recklessness aside from his physical beauty (which he can transfer for some ways to save his crush poverty). So it reaches "Real" levels with it, at least, does not sweat openly and is sent to kill a former comatose mentor living at the "Real" level. Finally, Sucky Bare defies the orange-tinted film is not a tiring chore to watch, but has the potential to say something on the lines "The main character is trapped in imaginary computer-generated poverty and it is actually in the real world now a ". Perhaps it will make the murder deed and live in the real world right now? Well, he killed the guy and disappeared into a digital effect. Wow! Thanks to Director Idiot. You suck, you suck so much, director. <br /> Here the director had an iota in a chance to redo himself a little by burying this lousy army moronic movie cruddy with a philosophical twist. <br /> <<The director said, "The real world is there and if you live in it and contribute to it better, it will not have some cruddy orange-tinted poverty land." A smart way to make this movie suck-tacular a successful supplementary lesson on civic core pride (for 1% of viewers who have not found something actually fun to look at this point or movie masochists). <br /> Nope, director. The director was aiming this all up by featuring some cruddy digital effects and ruining all the luck of redemption for this lively dimming film that was a waste of money, a waste of time, and a garbage of trust viewer. <br /> <and then finished. Good luck. I hope the director on it. I put this hack on my "avoiding all fees" lists for any other movie name it is attached to.
