You get a gift. It is exactly wrapped. The box it is in is hand crafted from the finest wood and shows skill down to the smallest detail. This is then wrapped in gorgeous, handmade and hand-painted papers by the most talented talent of art. All the stuff is wrapped in ribbon made from lace either fine. It is a sight seeing. <br /> Then you cut the ribbon, rip off the paper, open up the box and find ... there is nothing. This game. You either enjoy the packaging, or forget about it. The movie is not without its points and goals: War is not a good thing. Well, that's not original! The morality is so obvious that it is almost embarrassing even her point out. And even weak insults are off by a story in which elements of war - game war in particular - they are clearly a bad thing, until they need a climax and the movie simulates a war using innocent toys. It's like a person who preaches a barrier, sermon sermon, only at the end saying "Just kidding." But as a blank box, the movie fails to scrutinize precautions. Yes, it is a sight seeing and some remarkable, striking images. The compositions are imaginative and the movie captures the colorful scenes and skills. But the images are cold and emotionally sterile. As the scenario, the film's look is happy and at the time aesthetically capable of bearing and surreal. It's a movie that wants to praise games as wonderful and special things, but the shows must be the creation of a world that is empty and cold. The film strives to be funny, in a morous sort of way, but the force is artificial and artificial. Robin Williams, as the legacy beleaguered into a game manufacturing empire, shoots in his ad-free shtick, which only looks like aliens in the rare world, coldly structured it is inhabited. Indeed, the topical references and innuendo sexual tastes that are scattered around them jarringly contradictory films in the kindle movie are vaguely trying. For this movie to work, or make sense, it needs to be placed in its own universe, an Oz away removed from Kansas. Each time the jokes managed to get back to reality, the toyland in the film increasingly became an obvious emblem. He said that this was the project creator Barry Levinson, one that he tried to do for ten years. It is unfortunately obvious why she had trouble backing up. Like most pet projects that finally get made (RADIOLAND MURDERS, RADIO FLYER & BATTLEFIELD: The EARTH was a beautiful example) it seems to be a blind spot in the field of filmmaker's vision. Maybe Levinson directed and redoed Toy Toy so often in itself that he has no cool vision for it when he finally got on the soundboard. He has already strengthened it to death. Many of the featured games in the movie are clumsy, mechanical, wind-up monstrosities. So, the movie itself.
