This movie was so bad I do not know whether to laugh or cry. I had high hopes for Horrorfest this year, which was also the first year I went to Horrorfest, and I told Horrorfest and all his films to take false advertisements to a whole new level. Kudos angered the ads because I'm sure they are deceiving many people in spending money and seeing people cinemas this year. Hamilton's was one of the worst of what I saw (these other ones I saw were Unrest, Black Ride, and Reincarnation). Cover film and trailer made it seem like a family cannibal that terrorized the neighborhood where I thought it was a rather interesting plot, only to be disappointed at the end of discovering that it was some 'coming of age' story about a boy's transition a vampire. That's why drama prevents any sense of horror in this movie. And making the plot even more ridiculous, they add to a horny twins series that can not wait to take a 'bite' out of another, and some deadly animals close to the basement, which if I discovered that he 'The secret had not been revealed at the very end of the film, I would have left half of the movie theater. <br /> <br /> Complete waste of money and time. Cut forty minutes into this movie and make it to an episode about some shows like Smallville or Charm or Supernatural and would be more glorious than that. Absolute waste! So badly two years later, I have come back to IMDb and write a review about it because it still stands out in my memory as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Also, while reading this, steer clear from the rest of the Horrorfest movies in the future. Most you could do is rent them from Blockbusters or watch it online somewhere. Horrorfest features movies from independent movies that can not do it on the big screen, and all the crap on 'things do not show you in theaters, they did not refer to blood or bowel, or horror ... They were referring to the movies themselves. Because they are horrendous. Think of Horrorfest as a less renowned version of the Sundance Film Festival, but for horror movies. <br /> <br /> Sorry for all the "hatred", but next time think twice before you cheat suits out of their money.
