Think of this pilot as "Hawaii Senk-O Lite". It's set in Hawaii, it's a drama drama action / adventure, lots of scenes featuring boats and palm trees and polyester fabrics and garish shirts ... the same star character actor "Zulu" in a support role. Oh, there are some minor differences - Roy Thinnes supposed to have some front-line agents, and the support is much smaller (and less interesting), but basically the atmosphere is still the same. The problem is, "Hawaii Five-O" (another QM product) has already existed at the time and was running for years. It completes the market demand for Hawaii based crime drama as well. Name Code: Diamond Head was intended as here H50 as the older series eventually decreased to go ... but it came across as a useless, copy 2 percent. It does not suck, but it completely derives and does nothing as well as the original. Some decent acting skills are involved here. Thinnes are an old pro, and it gives its best shot, and it's not bad. But Thinnes is just as good as his material and his director. Ian McShane is here as an evil spy master called "Tree", and McShane tends to be the most exciting actor in any scene she looks in. But she phoned her party here. Frances Ngyuen is reasonably exotic looking, but its astounding skinniness, opaque features, thick accents and wooden delivery are not the thing in which dreams are made. Counting on giving 'romantic interest' to Thinnes was probably the biggest series' mistake. At least for a series aimed at white audience bring up with Marsha Brady and Peggy Lee as our love goddess. Give it another 30 pounds and one year with a dialogue / voice coach, and it might cut it. Zulu is, well, it's usual self - enjoyable in partial bit, but it is not someone who can bring a feature in itself. In addition, the scheme and dialogue are forbidden by-numbers, and there is nothing to distinguish them from any other production of Martin Quinn. And at that point, the U.S. television audience saw a lot of kY in QM production .... I think "CN: DH" was one too much, and it was plunged without a trace. It was not really the actors' mistakes, and I hope they walked away with a decent check with one more entry on C.V.s. <br /> <br /> MST3000 revived this for their treatment in the sixth seasons, and they had a lot of fun fun with it. Worth looking at this version if you enjoy the MST approach to lighter and lighter, but I can not imagine anyone caring for this pilot for any other reason.
