Ha. without a doubt Tommy's the wrong one here. I do not know why, but for some reason, the kids in horror movies tend to come across as little booze munch. and since they are children, they will not die. because they're bothering ... well .. except for horror asylum. but these are some and far between. <br /> <br /> Anyway on the movie. Can not get this movie on DVD? be sure you can! All you have to do is buy the classic chilling DVD pack! Not only do you get Metamorphosis on DVD for $ 15, but you also get 49 OTHER MOVIE! what a bargain! pff. OK. I advertise for the cheesy films. Let's just say, this movie is not worth 15 bucks on its own. So we have a store scientist. yes. cause all store scientists to look as beautiful as this guy plays Peter. It tries to come up with a serum to stop deterioration in the body. The college it works in wanting to pull the plug on his project, so he tries to read it on his head. but because this is a horror movie, it sucks it up and starts with the incredibly long transformation sequence that takes almost 3/4 in the movie. For padding out of the movie she gets into a relationship with some women who have a son. and never married! scandals! But of course Tommy is one of the most irritating characters .... no. I took it back. It is the most irritating character. Far worse than the old disabled guy who wants to take over the peter's work and palace on him while he's in the hospital. This, as an old dog, can still be the villain. <br /> So we see Peter start randomly killing some people in his vision until he realizes he's the one to do it and just decides to kill everyone in his path to return to normal. However in the end it ends up two-way in a lizard. yes i do not ask. The finish really does not make any sense. But if you hope for any really good rules, you will not find it. <br /> This is not a horrific movie .... it's just frustrating because of lack of a good rule. if you already own the 50's movie package and this is next to your list, you're not in for a snoozer, but you're also not in for a big movie. Just sit back, relax, and eat a lot of snack foods. Because this movie will not let you jump out of your skin anytime soon. Metamorphosis has 4 top plastic lizards, from 10.
