As others mentioned, this film looks like FLY (both versions) and lesser known sci-fi algebraic states flick. The big difference is that these two movies were well done by people who knew what they were doing and was good at it. METAMORPHOSIS did not have the following advantages. METAMORPHOSIS is a fabulous story that may be interesting to have people who are in charge of it and the actors are wrong to play their role. The story follows scientist Dr. Peter Houseman (Gene LeBrock), a man obsessed working on a genetic healing of aging and death. When the university is working to threaten cut financing, she decides to inject the anti-aging series into itself. As a result, Dr. Houseman spends the rest of the film slowly turning into a lizard. And oh yes, watching the doctor good go in the process of becoming lizard is a great joy. It really is so bad that it's good. Some of the lines are classic: "What was it?" "A nightmare ... since the past!" Many of the comments I've read for this point up as stupid and ridiculous the last five minutes of this movie. I'm just going to go ahead and spoil it: the good doctor goes from being a half-human, half-lizard thing to be what looks like a man in a costume Godzilla rejects, when the police finally gun him down. In the final scene, some obnoxious whores have been seen with a small pet lizard that he claims never die, and the heroine movie, Sally Donnelly (Catherine Baranov) obviously decided that the little lizard is the final incarnation of Dr. Houseman . The camera then gives us a close-up of the lizard's face; This is, I suppose, the way the director shows us that the lizard is EVIL. Yes, it is jumping, but I'm falling off laughing so I can not complain. <br /> I watched this movie because it was part of the Megapack's Chilling Classics 50 movie I bought. I'm sure many of those who are reading this did exactly the same, as the 50 pack is the only way to see this movie on DVD. If you've recently bought the box set and have not watched this movie again, it's really worth your time, even if I've just done ruin the finish for you. It might also be possible to get this movie online for free.
