"Metamorphosis" holds a bit of cult-worth, simply because it was written and directed by George Eastman. This Italian blockade is more or less the personification of sleaze men and starred in pretty much every rancid Joe D'Amato production during the late 70's / early 80's. Would not it be interesting for the Hunger Euro-cult buyer to own the movie only directed by the guy who walked around doing-butted in "Erotic Nude of the Living Dead" all the time? I thought that! Now, unlike the films he plays in, his own "Eastman" metamorphosis "is kind of irritating to the departments & Gloire sleaze. There are a handful of nasty people, monkey cheesy effects and naked body girls (a guest appearance not sleaze -Learn Laura Gemser!) On display, but it's mostly a talkative movie. The beautiful and eloquent domain Dr. Houseman is on the verge of a scientific tool and researching it on human DNA code when suddenly the university works to threaten to cancel it "It develops a tech decode theory and blocks the human aging process, but if it does not come up with detailed reports anytime soon, his research will stop." So Dr. Houseman does what any smart scientist would do with Injecting the seron tasted in its own veins.Obviously say (and the title implies), it slowly turns into monster murder that actually age much faster! In other words, its search sucks! Like other reviews already mentioned, this movie "borrows" many ideas of David Cronenberg's "Flying" romance The dramatic romance was included - but it does not add any originality to its own. The big difference is that you are still feeling connected to Jeff Goldblum's character in the "flying", whereas Dr Houseman gets just another monster that needs to be destroyed as fast as possible. The quick-aging-syndrome has reminded me of the painfully molar Ruggero Deodato "Phantom of Death", the only protagonist in which the film inherited the disease and did not injure him on his head. Physical deterioration of the carriers is very similar in the film, though. Fear or excitement to discover here, rather the film features loads of bad acting, poor lighting, disgusting corruption and a more complex retarded boot. Feel free to skip this one.
