If you have a bad day or bad week. If you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and forget about your problem. I do not think Model Role is that movie for you. Movie Center Around Danny (Paul Rudd) and Wheeler (Seann William Scott) Two juvenile developers who visit the product promotion school tell their children about drugs and more juices. But Danny has the worst week of all time, with his car company crash, and Wheeler in the chair next to him. It's soon to be the ex-girlfriend of Beth (Elizabeth Banks) who is an attorney, managing to avoid jail time, by making hours of community service, volunteering in a great brotherhood called Sturdy Wing led by Gayle (Jane Lynch). Wheeler is assigned to Ronnie (Bobb'e J Thompson) 10 years old, and has a bad mouth like Chris Rock. Danny is assigned to Augie (McLovins, Christopher Mintz-Plasse) who likes to dress like a knight, and fight like she is at medieval times. But will this be good for Danny and Wheeler, or will they be better off in prison? <br /> Okay I will not beat around the bush, this movie was very unpleasant in many ways. So, the character Ronnie, hearing these bad words comes from a young kid, was very shocking. If he was a bit older, he would not have much mater'd as much. I mean what parents think, when they sign him. Elizabeth character character is so irreparable, maybe I was supposed to feel bad for her character, but I felt nothing, because she was annoyingly predictably portrayed as a girl who should have played in these kinds of comedy. And Jane Lynch, who is at the worst of the worst. It delivers the most overacting performance ever. Play an ancient drug addict, who acts like it is always on drugs. Listen to it all the annoying dialogue, make me want to throw myself up the wall. Seann William Scott once again plays another stifler like character, he should really try to separate himself, and this movie will not do it. And more Scott tries hard to be funny, that's what keeps him from being funny. <br /> Now Paul Rudd in the other hand, I'm going to separate from the others in the movie, causing it to manage to deliver a solid performance, although it does not get higher laugh, but it is the most interesting character the rest. Cause Rudd does not hit, and does not try so hard. Scene with him and Mintz-Plasse to watch. But the rest of the movie is so stupid, she picks up at times. But it has become so predictable and refreshing. It is a reminder that these types of comedy try nothing new, there are all the same, they take no chance. Role pattern is an example.
