(Only minor spoiler except as noted). <br /> I enjoyed a lot of Spanish cinema lately; Both Spanish movies of people like Almodovar, and Latin American films such as del Toro, which have superb "backs of Satan", set in the Spanish Civil War, were the finest horror film in the last decade. It's no surprise, then, that this film is both well-organized, well-acting, and managed to sustain academic success different to Spanish. But it's also as nasty and pointless a movie like one might expect not to see. <br /> <br /> What is actually the purpose of all this? We have no real idea that caused the central creepy character to embark on oil to kill it, despite the fact that large numbers of narrative voices are drawn directly to his own narcissistic journal. In a regularly unpleasant opening, wearing more than a decade earlier, we see the central character killing her lover in a rage of jealous and freakery control ("if I can not have you or anyone else."). Strangely enough, that is perhaps one of the best sequences of the movie, but he has no remarkable relationship to his spree kill him, which appears completely different in both motivation and execution. What happened to him in prison for causing this change? We have no idea, even if we later discovered, as an absurd sort of tear, that he found a law degree while in prison. <br /> <br /> In Britain, in several of our notorious "bloody assassins" or "bloodthirsty" cases, the terrible question arises; what about the wife? Did he know, or suspect what happens? This is a question that this film could be asked, and indeed the wife begins to emerge as one of the more intriguing characters. But, belly, the answer to the question is clearly: "No, it was not". Even when a dramatic opportunity like this is presented on a plate, the film still manages to attack him. All we actually get, sketched perfunctorily from the end, is a little readiness for her amor in cash on the proceeds after the event. Compare this awful awakening moment at ten Rillington Place, where Christie's wife says "you know what I mean ??." Therefore, sealing his own fate and allowing us a surprising glimpse of unimaginable disturbance to suppress knowledge and horror. <br /> (Great spoiler in this paragraph). In the meantime, we are supposed to believe that the killer himself is a criminal master who completely outwits the police, thereby securing the briefing of incubator to a mental hospital before being released to kill again. How exactly did he achieve this? The plot has become very excited at this point; something to do with deliberately leaving certain indications for the police; but how this all works or why, or how the subsequent court case actually continues, remains a mystery. <br /> I actually do not believe the serial killers like this. Silence of lambs can be funny to book stuff, but ?? Lecter sideways ?? he becomes his serial killer right. They are deeply disturbed, deeply dysfunctional, deeply lacking; Not the charming creepily master presented here (fitting with regard to the same assassin as the unobtrusive killer of the latest horror film, or indeed even the Man Bite Dog, though it appears to have not noticed that that was a satire). /> This movie has little suspense, and bungles what little intrigue the plot might produce. It's nothing helpful to say about the motivations of serial killer, either generally, or amid the specific cultural background in Spain. This is nothing more than a malicious countdown to show some very misogynist violence in women. And strangely, this violence even more repulsive is a certain prissy failure of nerves even in how it is introduced. The basic character character of what actually shows just makes it seem even more repellently titillatory. Just one explicit shot, quite timed, would be infinitely more shocking, and would make the rest completely necessary, freeing up more movie time meat from the gaping holes in plot and characterization. Instead we just get the endless shots of young women vulnerable to spreadeagled on a table in beautiful panties but slightly revealing them. Very, very creepy. I'm sorry to be rude; I love horror movies, and they can even tolerate even the most extreme, to the limit of my worrying partner. But I think anyone who finds this movie is good, or interesting, even I would find myself cornered. The purpose of a horror movie is to scare you; This is just laskivious. <br /> It leaves a very bad taste in the mouth really. I have to give this film more than one star just because it's fully executed, but morally it deserves none at all and should never have been done.
