The disappearance is about a couple who take their families on vacation in New Mexico and find themselves in deep trouble after taking a detour to the main highway to go to a town that was seemingly abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons. Weaver's City seems to be the first innocent and has appealed to tourists until the family has blocked the night and they have good reason to suspect that others have experienced similar situations with fatal results. Henleys watched a Blair-Witch-Project-reader video clip written in the last city's victim, which ironically demonstrates the best performance of anyone in this movie. Although Hamlin and Dey's performances are better than supporting them, affects the emotional looks "my flat" across the movie. <br /> <br /> Disappearance has appeal for most of the movie as there are so many suspicions and good directions. However, the plot takes unexpected and implosable turn that seemingly makes no sense. Worse yet, there is really no understanding of what exactly is going on in the movie, which makes the candle to finish less less. It appeared to me that the movie makers were so focused on performing a stream of suspense scenes, that they threw away all the elements of good history: drawing drawings, gradual explanations of themes and symbols leading to a solution itself / results. <br /> <br /> The most difficult aspect of the film for me was that the first three-quarter of it spent building tensions and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot which was then suddenly disposed of as We did not deserve an explanation: <br /> What was the significance of the American symbols on the walls? What happened to the original of Weaver? What was the connection to the people at the dinner? What did the Sheriff know? What made the missing boy to discover if anything? <br /> <br /> This was, I believe, a bad move, since it induces some resentment. I have invested quite a bit of brainpower in hypothesizing some explicit explanations for some of these plots and strange events, only the movie makers simply end it without giving an answer to any of these things. These are some nice cliffhangers for finishing in a ministry that is about pickup again next week, but a totally frustrating and inappropriate finish for a stand-alone movie.
