This production never really got on the ground for me. The plot is so off as to be disoriented and the output is so short that unless you read the novel or see a better adaptation (like the one 1995 and Amanda Root) you will be a bit lost since there's not There is no time for character development. <br /> I love Sally Hawkins as Anne, but the rest of the cast fell rather short of what they should have been. Ms. Croft was far too old, as is Elizabeth's older sister. Mary expressed everything in accentuate the vibrations that the general and selfish pevishness of her character had lost. Much better was Mary Sophie Thompson, whose selfishness and sense of misuse are well-established that by the time Wentworth suggests Anne remains and wounds Louisa and Mary objects, as Louisa's sisters in law, should be left rather, You can not imagine anyone who is less adapted to do so. In this version, it might as well stay as it is deficiently differentiated from anyone else in the production. <br /> <br /> Rupert Penry-Jones is nice to look at, but it has made a better St. John River (1995 Jane Eyre), probably because this character required less depth of thought. I agree with the comments made earlier on the gig scene: seemed more like he tried to get rid of Anne than doing it a favor. Similarly, the crash scene: it happens so fast and little context, you ask that all the fuss is over. And moving speeches that Wentworth heard in the novel at the beginning of this production is a critical misstep that only contributes to the disjointed nature of the script. <br /> <br /> My other problem with this version was the lighting. Sometimes everything looked like a scene from the CSI mog - very pretty blue. The other lighting was so bad it was difficult to make out the scene very well, as Anne visits old school friends, Ms. Smith (which, by the way, is supposed to be more or less paralyzed. Of Mr. Elliot's terrible character was such a violation that for a minute I could not think who he was - I thought he was one of the Musgrove Girls.And it might as well have been. was pretty much to replace). And the scene runs in the end ... in an era where propriety was at a premium, it's hard to imagine gentleman Anne tore all over Bath as some denmened denude. How funny can you find? It's too bad. Sally Hawkins had all the marks of a good Anne Elliot, but it was completely paralyzed by a well-organized script and an over-troubled production.
