I like Jane Austen's story. I only read two of them (P & P and S & S), but after seeing this adaptation, I came to "Persuasion" in my book just to make sense out of the story, and also because I Refusing to believe Jane Austen could write nonsense. For me, I thought if you were a movie about a Jane Austen novel, you could not really go wrong. It will turn out pretty much by default. I was wrong. <br /> <br /> First of all, where are the characters that you sympathize with love? You have at least one characterable character to find the audience invest their emotions in them, and this did not deliver. Sure, I wanted Anne and Wentworth to get together, but only because that's what you know the story story is, they're getting together. Instead, I had to resist encouraging to throw my tactics on the TV and continue to look at it in the end. Anne was utterly harassed at all, and in the end, I really have no idea why Wentworth was so beaten, as she seems to be nothing there for him to be attracted to. He was gentle, kind, mature, socially inappropriate and came as a sheep following everyone else's instructions rather than having an idea of ​​his own. This can always work for a lead character, if you do it well. This did not do well. The other characters were just showing various degrees of narcissism, in which Mary was the worst, and a sick personality narcissistic personality. Where Mrs. Bennet at P & P had similar flaws, it was still endearing, whereas Mary was more of a freak-show. More angry than funny. <br /> <br /> Wentworth was very nice and seemed like a decent kind of guy. For the most part of the story, I was just wondering what kind of person it was and why it is in love with Anne, as surely as it is the kind of guy who wants someone who is a little more ... alive ? Acting-wise, not too much to say, as I reacted most to the characters they described rather than how good / bad people they were acting. Anthony Head was excellent, but as soon as I saw it was in it, I expected no less. <br /> <br /> Also get the story very confusing. It was not until the end of the film where it seemed like Elizabeth was not married to Anne, but in reality a sister (I still do not 100% on that). The entire Anne / Wentworth story was also a little soft. They were together, but then broken and they're both bitter about it? How come? I asked this for some time, and the explanation seemed to be her cast because she was pretending to do that by someone? But he said in a kind of "not in" way that he was almost missed, as if he was somehow indifferent. How can it be indifferent when it's the very core of the story ?? There was also a lot of non-cast, but no real feeling for which the characters were. This Louisa man for example, who was it? A friend? Family? What? It was not done very clearly that the different characters and their relationships with each other. Lady Russell was very, but why? Ms. Croft and Wentworth were brothers and sisters, who felt very unrealistic as Mrs. Croft looks old enough to be her mother. <br /> <br /> The final kiss, yes it was a bit strange to kiss in the street but I did not really think about it, !! " on the television, because Anne was trembling with trembling and trembling for what felt like the ages before they actually met Wentworth. There are some hesitation, but only for a couple of seconds or so, not half a minute. Then there's the problem of working camera. As a regular movie watcher, you do not pay attention to the angle and unless you decide to look out for it. I did not decide to do this here, but I still notice them. For me, meaning filmmakers do not do a good job. A lot of conversations were with very extreme facials, something that should be used only when there is a really important point to be done. In this adaptation, it was over-utilized and therefore lacked meaning. But keeping the feelings on occasion also did not really work in a drama period. The camera work at the run run to the end also felt too contemporary. (Do not mention running at his head.) This was just the adaptation of Austen I caught in the Austw's ITV season. Make me wonder if it's worth watching "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" or should I just read the books and leave it at that. I'm sad to say, this is an adapter Jane Austen I did not enjoy. Maybe I'll look at the 1995 version instead. The BBC is renowned for having to make Austen's nice adaptation before, after all.
