I did not really want to look at this one. It seemed to be an old Raj Candor movie that was disgusting to me even before I started watching it because I did not consider it even close to being mediocre as a cinema. The only reason I took this one is obviously the appearance of Shahrukh Khan in the movie. I did not even know what the movie was all about because I was sure it would be just an ordinary fairy tale. So I just imagine a love story between Shahrukh Khan and Divya Bharti with a substantial support role by Rishi Kapoor who I thought would be playing his father or uncle. With my complete shock, Rishi Kapoor is actually the hero! It's one of the young diva's novels! I was sad to know that Shahrukh had a small part with no substance and that too, only in the second part of this film. Just let me repeat the question: why would a 17-year-old cute diva was dropped for a 40-plus long haired, chubby, swollen pig like Rishi Kapoor? Rishi Kapoor should be ashamed of taking part; The only thing he did is ridiculous itself. He romances a girl who can be logically less than his own daughter and makes things worse - acting as a teenager in his quarantine. On top of that, just make himself more pathetic, he plays a pop-star ... <br /> To make things clear, I have no problem with romantic actresses smaller than they are. As long as they do a couple of convictions, there should be no problem. In fact, leading actors have always cast opposite young girls (Amitabh Bachchan-Sridevi, Mithun Chakraborty-Madhuri Dixit, Shahrukh Khan-Deepika, Salman Khan-Sneha Ullal) and made the piece very well. Also, I have nothing against Rishi Kapoor, I think he's a good actor, and his act of Bobby is still quite in my heart, but it's not that it looks like this movie like, say, Shahrukh Khan, Salman Khan or Aamir Khan look today. <br /> <br /> That was such a disappointment. Oh, and as the reason each person actually watched this movie, Shahrukh Khan made a first good. It excels in the very small part it allows him to do. Latest Divine Bharti also made a first promise. If you want to watch this movie, go for the second half only. Personally, I would not do the same.
