I'm not one of those people who will walk out of a movie based on source material and automatically say, "The book was better." I know better than reducing the value of a movie just because it was not a loyal one. There is a long and decent process that goes through making a movie that sometimes comes from the control / editor / the cinematographer / control the producer and certainly comes from the original author's control. Therefore, it is reasonable to expect a movie to be exactly the same, word for word, such as a book or play or video game or Disneyland ride, or whatever! A movie should be judged on its own standards and how it fits into society. In addition, a successful film should be successful because the material is important to society and is based on source material, its importance must be re-examined and enhanced by the filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Movie as there will be without following this paradigm because while it was based on a novel written in turn of the century, oil!, it feels crucial because of things like Iraq's war and energy concerns that the country's film of origin, the US, was experiencing and experiencing. Even King Kong, based on the original movie, benefits from using new technology and anxieties of human rights. <br /> With that saying, I just do not understand why they even bother doing this movie? In addition to the great performances, Oscar guarantees Nods and Shanley's director / writer and uses of equipment he will get, this movie looks out of nowhere. It should simply stay as a play. The film (which is essentially the same as the play) says there is nothing new about the diseased sexual diseases committed, and in many cases covered up in the Catholic Church here and abroad. He says nothing new or different than the original play. I can not help but compare this movie to another movie that came from around the same time: Frost / Nixon, which was also based on a play. Frost / Nixon, while on Nixon's regrets, seems important because it seems to have come at a time when President Bush was about to leave office. Regrets that Nixon won, as it appears in the movie / film, about the war and its presidency could just as easily reflect on Bush and his presidency. In that respect Frost / Nixon seemed more important and actually benefited from a wider distribution through film because he got people talking and reflecting on the political situation in the country at the time. In contrast, Doubt felt like it was yesterday's news and does not seem to offer anything that the play did not offer. <br /> Of course the movie is "good," the performances are outstanding, and the scenario adaptation is just, but what? Why did not just stay as a play? Why, besides marketing and financial reasons, do it in a movie? He gave no new audience to discussing the awful subject.
