The intergalactic criminal collar (Ross Hagen) was sentenced to death and is waiting for execution on a spaceship designed to be just like a goal. But the evening will be in a jailbreak, and Kol runs on a well-placed escape pod and flies towards Earth (which is apparently nearby). There he met a group of "teenagers" (who looked thirty) and a game Warden (John Phillip Law), who helped protect him from his worst nightmare ... The bounty hunter and android setter (or more well "gynoid") alienator. <br /> From the cover of the box, I was confident this was going to be a terrible movie. But as terrible as it turned out, it was a ton of fun as well (probably at least partially because I looked at it with someone who's going to be scary). The director (Fred Olen Ray), who has been specialized in performing more than one hundred non-class films (most notably "Hollywood Chavers Hookers"), does what he does best and throws together a draw that is only half makes sense and gives us specially specially effects. Bonus: P.J. Soles appear (such as "Tara"), obviously at a low point in his career. <br /> <br /> Sure, there is drawn draw. Why do they have Hillbilly rednecks in California (allegedly Los Angeles County if I understand Warden correctly). What's up with blouse women monks in the space? Why is there a subplot on the pirate captain forcefully trying to win his heart when this story goes nowhere? What is the heck is "Quadrant 5"? How chicken wire creates an electromagnetic field that will short-circuit an Android, yet mining countries do virtually nothing? Why do you look like a drink, American football player and empire? And the Lund guy (Robert Clarke) ... does his character even have a point? Is the game it plays with the commander to have a point? Does this movie have a point? But the biggest mystery is the Android (or ginoid) Alienator, played by Teagan Clive. What is an "emitter"? Why does it seem Daryl Hannah from "blade runner", only bigger? Because, look, if something is a cyborg, it's the human part. But if it's an Android, it's all cars. This was an Android, so there was no reason to look it human. It might look like nothing. But those who did it made him the size of a linebacker, with David Bowie's hair and a leotard showing me just a little too much. If you're going to make a female android, would not the goal be to have it seduction and lure the enemy? Mission is not fulfilled. They say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes, but I think I get a great exception. <br /> If "Mystery Science Theater 3000" has always been around today, this film should be on a very short list of movies that need to get arangued. <br /> <br /> Beyond the butt-nasty alienator (sorry, teagan, female weights are gross) the movie is well. Perhaps there's not much of a story and perhaps the characters are not really very interesting. And perhaps the scene and the deer are incredibly adorable for no particular reason - using a bloodthirsty robot there with a deer? But in general I actually liked the movie. I will not pimp it out of my friends or run out of my local video store to pick up the latest DVD copy (which I'm sure is just packed with amazing special features - no). But I consider seeing this time well spent film and looking forward to similar adventures in the future.
