A Singularly comedy unprecedented music that artificially tries to marry the rolling explosion then cuts 'n' stones and sensitivities among a suburban sitcom. The result is a jaryat-dated mish-mach that will satisfy none of the audience who has gone for the music, but will at least keep parents sitting. <br /> A quick glance at the writing-up promo on the back of the video release should give some ideas about the content. Tom Ewell is a drunken agent, overplayed with little funny comics you almost expect him in the same "hi honey, i'm home!" His scratching sites such as "So Funny in 'Itch 7 Year". It sounds almost like an excuse. Which other movie would sell itself on the fact that a leading player was good at something else? It reads like "So funny in 'Itch's 7 years' ... but it's garbage in this." Mansfield, a beautiful girl with 50-inch rumors, is, unfortunately, a monroe basement negotiation with all the ability to act and comedy the distribution of a trumpet decomposition. The wooden delivery it combines with the ETW Double Dual-Made to make this a comedy comedy from Hell. For his part, the sold to us: "[Jayne Mansfield] whose more obvious talent is the cause of many of the biggest movie laughs!" As you can see, a movie sold on the idea that it's lead to having a big chest is not the most sophisticated of things. Most of these "humor" men are literally falling over their heads, the glasses are cracked on sites in Mansfield, etc. Only the Freudian nightmare in a bottle overflowing course is doubtful about its "U" certificate. side of the music, the most Adenine of the selected players. Would you really care Eddie Fontaine offers: "I love your eyes, I love your lips, to taste even better than potato chips" in a song called "Cool Li, Baby"? Only Little Richard's incendiary breaks out of the MOR, though it is forced to sing some of his more father-friendly songs in a four minute sequence. And how come all the acts sing without a single microphone? Approved satires on the industry are broad and child of conception. Technically, the picture was quite advanced, with special effects (including a ghost like Julie London) and deluxe colors (which now looks flat and artificial .. In fact, with its red bleeding and fake tone, it's looks like a colored film). Direction, though, is not exceptional, and sound quality is also poor. <br /> <br /> Maybe it comes down to it being so old. A time when people smoke on the screen, actors who suffer from cute adult adults and black servants just baked and danced. (Everyone here came). Some people love the hot, the African queen, Ben Hur and many, many more stand up as examples of films from the period that can still enjoy today, so the "good at the moment" argument does not really stand. In her heart The girl can not help her is a cynical and encouraging enterprise that does not bring close inspection. 4/10. <br /> <br />
