I knew that 'evening' was a girlie movie, so I was hoping to be bored. A cruel tease on IMDb said it was a 'chick movie' but that your boyfriend would survive. <br /> <br /> Survive? Yes. I'm still here, but when two of us were out we were surprised to find that it only lasted two hours - it seemed a lot longer than that evening! I think, for Yanks, it is supposed to be bred or fascinating because it is about the rich living on the beach - well, next to the beach, in a house with a wide verandah and a lawn but no apparent lawn. If this sort of thing to impress you it might look like a short movie. There's a Monty Python movie about a knight that just will not die. It ends up a wriggling (why Yanks adds a third syllable to this word I'm surprised) the road rig is still shouting threat to his nemesis. This movie is also about a sort of living dead. Vanessa Redgrave (not suitable for dodging the tombs shown here) goes on and on dead too with proper guilt. She does not worry that you were a wide-eyed, bathing bath, but imagining herself a murder. Obviously, being a girl movie, there is a chap who would suppose Mr Darcy / Heathcliff's character. I'm not a tutor, so I can not claim to be a good judge of things, but the tedious vision that those who come out for this role seem only to have the title of servant in favor of him. It's a bloody cypher. <br /> As you might pick up, the main characters are not much cop, but the miners manage, amazingly to be worse. Having a fellow who has only worked is reacting to the news that his girlfriend is preggers. Fair enough, but it is not the role of Hamlet - why are they doing so so badly? Forget that it was a girl movie, I thought she was going to be thrown out because of any decent-girl girl told her that face-fungus did not flatter her, but then I realized that he had to urge him to grow a 'beard' because he looked worse without it. I kept awake by noticing that actors and actresses had their earlobes attached or free with anything interesting bits of scenery - if you are dragging along to it, see if you can attach buffalo stuffed up, just sort of thing you'd expect in a beach cottage. <br /> <br /> Apart from the marriage is mandatory, there is only one piece of action. You would have thought that they would have gotten up right. Unfortunately, though, the crash hit and run is carried out by a car that would not be there. When the crash was discovered, the cast fell on shouting for a character that they could not know nearby (but we did as the audience). If there is no sign that the person is in a couple of miles from the place, then why are they wandering on harsh shouting for him? I think the director's excuse is that he's supposed to have a half-remembered sequel ... Another landscaped article that holds my attention was a thigh brass bottom. I did not think that the technology did so developed until fifty soldiers.
