At a time when the constitution and United States principals were founded on trumped-up by a desperate administration to distract attention from their own internal problems, where the Geneva Convention, human rights and sovereignty are unapologetically abandoned, a state-led thriller Unlawful actions that far exceed those of the terrorists that they might encounter might seem appropriate. However, if you want to see a movie about it, try Ed Zwick's flawed topic instead, because NADA is one of the most infantile 'politics' ever made. Like Robert Altman's PRET-A-PORTER, the director took on a subject he looks completely ignorant of, with his imprint unaware of almost every frame. His terrorist is a wildly unpopular group of stereotypes - Fabio Testi dressed as if he was auditioning for MAD Magazine 'Spy' spy, Michel Duchaussoy behaves like an absent child in the room sent up to the sociological teacher from Hell , Mariangela tattoos are a medium-sized revolutionary wannabe class - who behave in every compelling draw as if they want to hold. The corruption ticket authorities slightly better, but still painted in unconvincingly great strokes. <br /> It is possible to make a smart movie about dumb people (cf electoral), but this is a morny film about dumb people made by people who think they're intellectuals who are talking down to the masses. In truth, being one of new tests, Duchaussoy and Melato with Jim Varney, Johnny Knoxville and Shannon Tweed, the result would actually increase the intellectual content of the film, not below. <br /> <br /> Chabrol might just have got up with her character and event if she took them seriously, but her rally is so inept (the fight scene would embarrass a kindergarten while the shooting of the kidnapping is more aptitude than the kidnapping in itself) and his inability to get him cast iron and at least some approximation of human awareness behavior so blatant that it is actually embarrassing to look (special mention must be done here in Duchaussoy: so , very good at Qab Chabrol in La BETE MUERE, he is stunningly bad here in a performance that so far on the top it's back again). <br /> <br /> Chabrol has made some fine films, but you would never guess her to this amateur mess - a new one in her work would never want to see another of her movie after that, which would be a great shame. Utter drivel, with a sad garbage in a potentially interesting material. A star from ten - and that was very generous.
