I watched a few episodes of this show and found certain elements in it to be rather exciting, considering medical facts that can be learned. But this is totally upstaged and crushed by the immoral immobile relationships of the show's character. Everyone seems to have died and just about everyone, even during office hours, which is ridiculous unrealistic. There does not seem to be a solid, lasting marriage or relationship to the entire show - everyone is broken and on the prowl - hardly a true reflection of all Americans. Indeed, there is a total lack of respect for marriage or monogamy and it's truly fulsome. Then we are introduced with endless little moral dilemmas and they are generally solved in a manner that belittles anyone who does not agree with all-knowing degeneration management and staff in the private practice. For example, in one of the latest episodes we present with a very rare situation in a baby made with an uncertain gender and Addison absolutely refuses to perform the surgery because we are supposed to let the baby decide her sex later on. Anyone who agrees with this is described as immature and stupid. <br /> And I think anyone opposing to abortion should be offended by the way to show off the pro-lifers. Addison commented that no one was allowed to have an opinion on the issue and only one black character gave dignity to oppose abortion on moral reasons. Feeling in general was that if you were opposed to abortion, you are a freak - hardly popular sentiment in the U.S.. Two of the main characters in the show are nonchalantly mentioned by abortion when they were younger and there was no exquisite or regrettable, despite the fact that research showed women could undergo intense depression. What's more a young girl coming to the clinic for an abortion and then thanking the employee on the road out with someone talking about it as how to help this young man and he was such a thing they are happy. Planned Parenthood. <br /> In all, this is a cheap show that is missing a lot in a future unless it decides to introduce more real relationships rather than totally incredible soothing surgery relationships with far-hacked medical situations throughout the whole show.
