The story of a woman (Ann) on her dead bed, her two daughters (Nina and Constance) and her thoughts about her past. The rehearsals are about a weekend where Ann Ann is at the wedding of her friend Lila. At the wedding she meets Harris who will impact her for the rest of her life. Through all the ups and downs of professional life and family she remembers her as her true love. His daughter Constance is older, more "responsible," a mother of two and she has things together. Nina jumps from companion companion and work to work and is in the direction of her life. <br /> First of all. Details of the film period are great. Dresses, hair, cars, homes, etc. really put you in another time and place. And there are some quality acting in the movie. Vanessa Redgrave is good at displaying the main character and her mental state of mind as her life comes to an end. Claire Danes is beautiful and does a great job as the main character when she was young (and she is an exceptional singer). Hugh Dancy brought a lot of life to the character of the Buddy brother Lila. <br /> Now for the bad, unfortunately it's all else. Things are constantly disturbing the story as it is unfolding for us. The chemistry between young Ann and Buddy is great. They have fun and dance. Then ... you are supposed to believe that he does not really like him more than a friend and that his pining only annoys him. And I thought the whole, "it would be gay" thing came out of the blue and did not serve a goal. Then we have Harris. The character acts wild and creepy. If this was another genre, you would know that Harris was the serial killer from going to go. It is an incredible stretch of thought that all these girls loved her so (but they show the other guys as lucky lucky try and help her out). <br /> But the grandest issue at all. Why not Ann and Harris get together? They fall for each other. They have this great night of sex in an old garden garden garden, come home to get out on Buddy's tragic end and then ... Nothing. some years later and get all the eyed veils on each other and I could not help but wonder why. WHY? The movie does not let you know why they were forced to marry others and so I had a hard time feeling sorry for them. The part of the history of the present is boring. Cliche the good daughter and cliche the bad girl. Nina changes over the film, but I do not know why. I'm not sure what convinced her to change her life. There is a "touch" scene where the connected daughters coincide with old Ann dreaming to chase a butterfly. It is really lame and nasty. <br /> "There is no error", Let's advise you. The statement is not true with the story. And it's not really true after seeing the movie and wishing they were not wasting the talent of these good actors.
