Having just watched this film, I almost felt like it was wasting 2 hours of my life, but I guess some good of everything: <br /> If I was this rate as any other movie, only receive 1 or 2 heads, but if I grade it as a low budget IND. film, it can get 3 or 4. This is a movie supposed to 'complete' with bloody passage of boredom or waste in time. This movie is not. But I guess a lot of independent movies on showing movie skills, and considering this movie has a few highlights. If I comment on what the directors should take with them in the next projects, I guess the sound effects that distorted had some quality. They also managed to build some character, this however took me to what they should leave out of the next projects, because the character building takes too long, since it is mostly irrelevant for the film scheme. Neither should the long space of time dedicated to market around be continued in the next project - what is the point? I guess this film is trying a little bit of everything (building characters, suspense and a draw), and ends up being nothing (not so much) <br /> This film is trying too much and too hard , and I guess it should be cut into a short film. I could easily manage to get an hour of walking around or outdated dialogues to cut out of the movie. <br /> There is a lot of irrelevant stuff going on in this movie. The simplest story should be. I know there are supposed to have some mysteries in this film, but a little surprise who is the killer does not make a mystery. This story behind the "mystery" receives almost no attention during the movie, which leaves the final "point" as a quick wrap-up. <br /> <br /> Therefore, I would like to tell this movie was a nice try, but I cant. I hope the directors learn from the mistakes and produce a better product next time. If you do not have an interest in learning bank from low budget movies, there is no need to look at this - not even too, why everyone thinks its bad. As others have stated I am very assured that many of the 10 given this movie come from someone somehow involved in the movie. This film could not get a "10" judge at any targeted point.
