The CHOKE (aka AX in the UK) is a slasher that is supposedly produced as a straight-to-DVD movie. I say "supposedly" because the movie title does not have "V" in brackets to show that it made a DVD movie (though it has the appearance of one). The plot is simple ?? a band holds a gig in an old box of meat boxes and kills one by one. <br /> I think that most would agree that the movie will never have a prince, but that does not apologize here. Even straight-to-DVD movies like BACHELOR MASSACRE PARTY (which have a very low rating IMDb) have a lot of kind of loyalty and sometimes come as being one of the so-called "bad ones, they're good" movies. However, the shock falls far short of either a serious slasher (like HALLOWEEN) or being a "so bad movie" (like MASSACRE in GUN NAIL). good and a dead character using an exercise. The effects of the blood were pretty cheeses but their understanding of the budget was very low. But from the winter it went down all the way. <br /> There are many flaws in CHOKE that I could spend all day talking about them. But a few obvious people stand out and I'll go into them. <br /> <br /> The aforementioned gig that the band holds seems to start with about 50 people present, but after the music stops, there seems to be only about 8 people left (and yet they all mean to be close to !). The characters in this movie are not likable at all. Most of the band members are aggressively bad-mouthed humans or just strangely strange. No one really cares about what's happening in them, and even supposedly forgot about their friends when they were sent. Emphasizing the film is the presence of a homeless man who seems to consider the meat factory as some churches (badly!). It jives some really funny lines for any apparent reason. But sadly, even his presence can not save the movie. There are too many scenes in walking around and talking without any characterization. About 65 minutes in the movie is spent watching the speaker's character. Character disappears for long periods without explanation. As in other straight-to-DVD movies like CROCODILE and GRIM WEEKEND, the characters spend a lot of time swearing to each other aggressively without any provocation at all. There are many over-the-top crises (especially in the male characters) and an almost outcome of a full-blown fight. In fact, the format might be as follows: market characters around - murder takes place - characters walking around - murder takes place. You get the idea. <br /> <br /> The dialogue is awful and it seems that some lines are spoken without the use of f-words. Perhaps this was meant to be funny, but it just came as sad. And more of the point we all see this make a thousand times before (usually more effect). The movie is totally devoid of any suspense at all. The dead body serves to give the indication only that the characters are in danger. A maniac is running around loose and yet the characters just behave like mud. They do little to get out of the factory or get a gun and protect themselves. And much of the time they do not even pretend to be scared. <br /> <br /> In the same vein as MASSACRE DRIVE-IN, the assassin is not seen at the time of murder being committed (with the exception to the final murder when the killer's identity reveals). A random weapon appears from nowhere to kill the victim in the question. There is no one to see the characters follow at any time. In DRIVE-IN MASSACRE, this was used for the comic movie (involuntary course), but here it's not funny at all. And, as another review has pointed out, the band includes music that is very bad, even for those who love punk rock. Extra to look comfortably dancing in it. The note (in the end, there is no music at the start!) Consists of a lot of Sugarbabe wannabes sing some pretty bad songs that are completely related to the movie. <br /> <br /> not misunderstanding the points made in this review. This review loves malicious movies (like MASSACRE at GUN NAIL and BASS MASSACRE PARTY) as much as the classics (like HALLOWEEN and the 13th Friday). But it seems that the shock has tried too hard to fit into one of these categories without fitting in either. And as straight-to-DVD movies go, this is a poor effort. <br /> <br /> On a positive note, the movie has some fairly good gory scenes. But when the characters survive does not take the situation seriously, these scenes lose their importance quickly as the intensity gives away the oblivion of oblivion. <br /> <br /> Fans of the traditional B-movie slasher 1980 should take steps to avoid this movie. And fans of the classics like HALLOWEEN and the 13th Friday should do everything in their power to avoid it!
