I went to "Evening" because of the cast. I would go to see the "Norman Room" for this reason - that film offers Diane Keaton, Leonardo De Caprio and, too, Meryl Streep - and liked every minute of her. Even for the "cottage" even though it was chick-sleeping to wrestle. And feeling I was, nothing offers performance by Vanessa Redgrave, Meryl Streep, Patrick Wilson and Glenn Close would be at least as good. Instead, I find sometimes even the greatest actors can not overcome Trite, simplistic and - on an occasion - really offensive material. <br /> Now I had no problem with the way the movie was structured. I actually enjoy movies that cut back and forth in a long time telling a story ... as long as one era lit the other verse and aiming. But while Vanessa's characters were about her deathbed, she recalled a past event she felt "a mistake" was fixed, at times, the party actually showed what "past mistakes" were made by There is nothing to clarify the problem. In fact, it makes it seem meaningless to silliest "the girl meets boy, girl gets boy, girl lost boy" mode, and in the most incredible, cliché, poorly-led ways possible. here must be scammers, so bring in mind you should continue reading. <br /> <br /> First of all, Claire Danes was brutal muscle. Not only does she not even begin to look like Vanessa Redgrave as a young woman, she has nowhere near the chops when it comes to acting. Do not get me wrong, it may be good in the right role - just not this one. And Patrick Wilson was wrong, even though she had the chop to act almost pull it off. It would be best suited to the party Hugh Dancy played - WASP's rich confused - and not the object of sexual attraction in one and all; It's a bit too much WASP-y for that. Hugh Dancy? A note - "I'm a tortured drink and wait until you get why." And "why" (I'm a closet case in a sexually abused world, so I have to drink excess and make a fool to everyone I know) was so offensive to me and the way he died as you knew it would be because this is the only thing that can happen in a pod of fifty soldiers) so funny, poorly-headed and mishandled, I almost drove my candy into the screen. Modern part between Toni Collette and her sister, frightened her by engagement, her jealous "perfect life", her sister asked if she made the right choices, her pregnancy and her too-perfect companion (which actually would could be more interesting and meaningful if played by Patrick Wilson, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach might be a more interesting Harris, given the sight of his dreams) - Anyway, all of this was shot off in the 70's and the 80's . And at greater depth. Will we really have to present it, again, with all as if it was cool and important? <br /> <br /> And in itself cut, Meryl Streep does not even appear until the last ten minutes of the movie, all of old makeup makeup that hides much of her facial expressions. It's always good, but only because it is Meryl, and Meryl can find a way to pull over the same silliest dialogue under the heavier of makeup. So, to put it simply, this movie has all the stereotypes of the "really meaningful" movie book, and adds a few that really had no businesses being trotted out again. Within two hours long and laced with the "movie-of-the-week" music that guarantees rubbed raw, it's a complete failure of both "senseless" and "moviemaking" aspects. I give it "3" only because Meryl and Vanessa. <br /> Now, if all you need from your movie is twaddle up, then please put my comment on "evening" aside and have time in your life. But if you want a truly meaningful experience being served by great actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all nonsense it brings, rent the "Norman Room" and find out who really great act.
