"Carriers" follow the exploits of two guys and two gallows in a stolen Mercedes and the road warrior on the hood hightailing it down the highway to the beach and surfboard attached to the top of the cars. Brian (Chris Pine in "Star Trek") is driving with his girlfriend Bobby (Piper Perabo at "Coyote Ugly") was shot dead, while Brian's younger brother, Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci of "Fanboys") and his friends '- not exactly girlfriend - Kate (Emily VanCamp in the "Ring 2") to handle the backseat. This quartet of twentysomething characters live in a nightmare. Apparently, a viral pandemic - co-directors & co-senators Alex Pastor and David Pastor told us absolutely nothing about - devastated America. Of course, the lack of display pulls at least fifteen minutes would have slowed down this cynical melodrama about how people degrade into a crisis and become their own worst enemy. <br /> <br /> Viral this virus gives you the shingles and then you bleed and die. Most people run around wearing these white masks attached to the nose and mouth by a thin rubber band. Initially, this encounter encountered a desperate father, Frank (Christopher Meloni's "Runaway Bride"), and his beautiful little daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka's "Land of the Lost") blocked the highway and SUVs. Brian swerves around Frank when he tried to assign them, but in the process, the oil pan of Mercedes's breakage and wind up on foot. Reluctance, they hit a ride with Frank after they saddle Jodie up in the back of the SUV. He puts a mask on his nose and his mouth and is soft and bloody. Frank had heard that doctors were healing people in a hospital and putting them on him. Unfortunately, someone was lying to Frank. Doctors at the hospital will provide the latest couple of kids to Kool-help that will put them out of their misery. The cleanse did not improve the conditions. All the rest of the city dies. Kate tried unsuccessfully to get a tune called on every phone. Frank realizes that there is no hope for his daughter and allows the heroic Quartet to approve his SUV and take it. <br /> <br /> Indeed, "Carriers" qualifies as a movie relentlessly depressing the effect of a pandemic on cardiovascular people who have degenerated into homicide murderers. They came to a country club and glossy around on a golf course until another four shows up in suit and masks and pump-action rifles. Incredibly, our protagonist manages to escape without getting shot, but Brian has a scary when it's almost falling into the water with a floating corpse. Eventually, they discovered that one of them became infected. Later, as they ran out of fuel, the Brian block highway like Frank did in the beginning. Danny tries to stop a pair of women who are older Christian driving the car. Danny believes his pregnant wife is about giving birth and she needs help. Brian launches precautions for the wind and blast away from the ladies and his automatic pistols when they refuse to help them. Brian captured a slug in the leg from the passenger, but killed him. <br /> No, "Carriers" is not a beer & pizza film that you can either laugh or laugh and because the humor is usually non-existent. By the end of this 84-minute film, our heroes turned into bandits who only care for themselves and their combat. Chris Pine does quite a bit of fun as Brian's fun and her energetic performance is the only reason to hang with this hokum, while only other actress of well-known Piper Perabo, relegated to a beloved girlfriend role. As Bobby, he makes tragic mistakes in showing compassion of a little girl die and pays a terrible price. He is a testament to Pine's performance that he can change his character to the point of putting himself in front of others. Essentially, pine has the only role that gives him the ability to pull an eighty-one from happy-go-lucky guy to guy guy. <br /> <br /> Two directors are French brothers, and they never leave the momentum flag. Since there is no eye affair, "Carriers" sinks of predictability. "Irreversible" Cinematographer Benoît Debie performs a fantastic job with her widespread lip and as unsavory as this journey travels, Debie makes it look like a dynamic movie. Aside from the lack of a happy ending or closing in any sense of the word, "Carriers" suffers because it is so horriblely cynical. The scene when the German Shepherd attacked Danny conjures up the worst, but even he could have been improved. Unfortunately, the Pastors brothers do not scare either tense or suspense. Do not fade out, you really do not care what's happening in anybody.
