SPOILERS All too often, Shakespeare Hollywood's adaptations are fun pieces of movies. The injections are well done and faithful to the text. Movies such as Branagh's "Henry V" and 1993's "Many Ado on anything" are powerful pieces of work. Watching "The Lost Labor Love" therefore, it's such a great disappointment for waiting to be so secretly thrown to wasted. Unfortunately the "Lost Labor Love" is awful! The King of Navarra (Alessandro Nivola) and his friends have abandoned drinks and women for three years to focus on their studies. The plans begin to fall apart however when the Enigma Princess of France (Alicia Silverstone) and his entourage come. Soon love is in the air and philosophy is about the Prince's idea. <br /> <br /> From the start, you realize that this film is not quite Shakespeare. Cleverly relocated to a music 1930's by Ken Branagh, the plot is still there and the script stays, but now he has offered sacrifices in favor of melodious melodious taste. Classics such as "How to watch tonight", "Let's deal with music and dance", "I'm in Heaven" are all destroyed by weak songs and a strong feeling that they just do not belong here. <br /> <In addition to weak songs, we are also treated in an increasingly large number of awkward performances by regular stars. Ken Branagh and friends can enjoy doing this movie, but they provide us with a collection of belly in their roles. <br /> <br /> The main main actors (four men and four women) are all equally lingering, and only the positive on their behalf is a vast improvement on Timothy truly untapping Timothy. <br /> <br /> In fact, only one person leaves the film worthy of praise and that's always the beautiful Nathan Lane. Lane has proven over the years that it is a comedy genius and in this feature he once again adds a time to the Humor Costard jumble. There's a little else to say really. "The Lost Labor Love" deserves moderate praise to take branagh's original on an old story. Unfortunately, though, this is where the positives are over. Unfortunately, acting, singing, singing and constructing, "The Lost Labor Love" is probably the weakest Shakespeare Adaptation in the past forty years. It should be avoided like the epidemic and should never have been done. A poor, irresponsible choice by Branagh and here's hoping her next effort is better.
