Around the late 1970's, host Don Bluth, frustrated with the production of his company, Disney was churning, defeat from the Mouse House to form his own studio. His first production, the secret of NIMH, was a brilliant feature that still holds just this day. This was followed by an American TAIL and the country before time, both of which were made under the participation of Steven Spielberg and were commercially successful. Although not one of the two films made the dark call at NIMH, they are always very good, enjoyable features for both kids and adult-ups. But before long, Don Bluth had his first malfunction and GO GO to Heaven; The critics were especially harsh on this movie, and their artifacts were not helped by the fact that it was open with Disney's little MERMAID. <br /> <br /> Considering that the movie has such a friendly-sounding title, one would expect ALL DOGS to go to the sky to be the family's fervent fare. Instead Bluth provides an amazing dark story involving gambling, misleading, crime, improper treatment, and murder. That it is not a problem for an animated feature for every saying, but it calls into question about whether the movie is for the kids. On the other hand, it is hard to say if the adults get so much to enjoy in all the pets going to the sky. In short, it is a movie and a major identity crisis. <br /> Place in a sad junkyard in New Orleans, the movie starts out when Charlie B. Barkin, a German-German-Tumble Shepherd, is running off by a car courtesy of his former gambling casino partner, a nasty, cig-puffing pitbull, carb. Before you know it, Charlie finds himself in the sky, albeit by default. Here an angel whippet, Annabelle, tells him that "all the dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and kind." This line represents the confusing nature of the film, since the dogs in the movie, Whippet aside, are presented as nothing but. <br /> <br /> When they realized that he was murdered, Charlie steals his way back to Earth and found plots with Carface. With help to hesitate in his palm to Itchy, Charlie "delivers" Carface's cost, AnneMarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (in order to predict who will win the rat races). Charlie claims that she will help the little cutie to find her a family, but in fact it is using her skills to win fortune in the race so that she can build a more elaborate casino in her own to bring down squares . Although refusing to admit it, Charlie is growing like AnneMarie ... The concept of the story is not as problematic as the execution. In addition to the girl AnneMarie and a flamboyant music aliases appearing on the three quarters (and the vocal pipes at Ken Page), none of the other characters come out as likable, or frankly, they are worth caring so. Unfortunately, this also applies to Charlie; In trying to make it an anti-hero, the script (composed by more than ten writers) only succeeded in rendering the TOO unlovable character. As such, the audience feels no sympathy for Charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the film does not come across convincing. (Further damaging the character is the performance of vocal intellectual deception from Burt Reynolds.) In addition to the lack of an indearing lead, the other film problem is in the structure of the story. The slowly-paced sketch jumps all over the place and makes a habit of throwing at extra scenes that serves no purpose, but they pad out time to run the movie. The aforementioned aliens (resident of a danky seafood infused with native rat) seem to have been thrown in from nowhere, such as a scene where Charlie tries to show her generosity at AnneMarie by eating a package of pastel-colored pups pizza. The whole heaven feels like a rough first draft; A bit more Polish could do this a tighter, impact story. <br /> <br /> The Matters have not helped by subtle the music numbers by Charlie Strouse and T.J. Kuenster (AnneMarie's song and Chanson Gator are the only good ones; most recent benefits from the Ken Page's vocal smoker) or cast in uneven voices. As mentioned, Burt Reynolds' stiffness and mutual Charlie detracts from characters already he can not even further (the only exception is a fire confession of Itchy about his true intention towards the end). Dom DeLuise as Itchy is very good, but it's been the best roles, notably Tiger of an American TAIL and Jeremy in SEKRET NIMH. Ken paj, as mentioned, is afraid of anything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is unremarkable at best. As well as waste are Loni Anderson (like a colony who once tired a garbage with Charlie), Melba Moore, and Charles Nelson Reilly. Judith Barsi as AnneMarie is probably the only voice that comes across as truly memorable, partially because its character is just one legitimately easy in this depressing and joyless show. <br /> <br /> Barsi aside, the only real positive on all the goats in the sky is the animation. Technically, this film has some of the most imaginative visuals of Bluth's team (by the 1980's, that's), particularly a scary scene where Charlie has a nightmare on the finish of a fire millway led by a doggy satanic dog -demon. If anything, the movie is more of a triumph of animation than storytelling. <br /> <br /> In the whole, however, I can not recommend ALL dogs to go to heaven as good entertainment. Though I acknowledge that the film has its fans and the climax admitted giving some energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as Bluth's best effort. Animation animators will be amazed at the lush art, but not the time it's over, all the dogs going to the sky can very well leave a bad move in your mouth.
