This revision is more full of spoilers. IF YOU DO THIS FITNESS PLANT, DO NOT REVIEW THIS A. <br /> This is the problem with kids TV nowadays. It's all so powerless and condescending. "Wow, what was fun, did not it read?" No it was not, and unfortunately it seems to have been prevalent in film films as well.And that 'flight of the queen' is all over. Admittedly I did not see 'the flight of the reindeer' in a few years so I would be in danger of some point, but I remember being impressed with it at the moment. <br /> <br /> Essentially, the story follows a lecture that gives a book for Christmas. I think it was bullfrogs. Throughout this book, Mr. Conference / Family learns that reindeer can fly in exactly the same way as bullfrogs. Apparently this book was apparently The writing was written by a hundred hundred scientists from years ago who had disappeared from the North Pole. Now, if it were me, I'd have to throw the book from the nearest window. Fly bullfrogs is a naturally occurring phenomenon Flying Queen is a fantastic and utterly unrealistic concept. But Mr Conferences are NOT ME, so I guess explains why she decides to fly to the North Pole to leave her wife and kid in the house with no idea where he was going. Of course, things go awry and before he knows it, a flying queen crashed into his private plane, it is blocked by the North Pole. <br /> <br /> Do you always follow this? Well. <br /> Her family, of course, is devastated. I would be too, I mean, what a Christmas suck-tacular. Elsewhere, lecturer Mr finds herself in a hidden city of the North Pole in the middle with a tyrannical figure that dresses only in red and white. Rather than trying to escape immediately, as I would, he greeted everyone with open arms. This hidden civilization of midget monsters, and salutes them with open arms. Oooo-kayyyy. To feed her this story are the goblins of Santa Claus and spend the whole year making games for the kids have no idea to exist. And Mr Conferences accepted all this. He even accepts that Santa Claus is in fact the scientist who has disappeared two hundred years ago or whatever. There are only one problem - they do not want it to leave. The world can not know the secret existence. After all, before they knew it would be a McDonald and a Starbucks on every street corner. <br /> <br /> Always with me? the book and assume it went to the North Pole. Boy, would not have to be embarrassed if found out he would just go for an animated walk? Before the audience knows it, they're jetting off than a Christmas in the most authentic wonderland on the planet. Meanwhile, Mr Lecturer gets sick of all the harmony friendships and decided to leave. I can not remember exactly, but I remember holding Santa Claus hand gun. A fire fighting progress when the midgets are attacked and managed to escape through Santa's sleigh. With Santa hot on his heels and with his bloodlust in his eyes, Mr Whatever, in some fantastic co-occurrence, finds himself flying with his family plane who is looking for him. So it jumps on to the planes, the flying planes come back and everyone lives happily ever after. <br /> <br /> The fact is, there were some shocking films made in the name of Christmas over the years, but because they presented that festive charm to get away with it. And it's that charm that is absolutely devoid of 'flight of the queen' There is not much wrong with it; There is nothing that insults the intelligence (well, obviously there, but it's a movie child and so can get away with things) or anything particularly offensive, but the problem is nothing much right on it either. It just does not feel Christmas. And for a movie that is all about Christmas, it's a pretty bigger flaw. But hey, I do not think 'VOICE at the audience audience target audience? Why should they? They are all so doped up on the sedatives probably could not spell `Christmas' <br /> I give him three out of ten. If it were a TV movie then I would add another two stars on it. We all know how bad they can get.
