I'm a big fan of movies that make you think. I always think long and hard on this one, completely seven minutes after the credit was rolled. What's really confused my neuron is the attempt to fathom the importance of the plot of naked girlie fondling her slick body oil, made extra-tacky by being filmed in cheap videos. This happened three times and I was sure he would explain to the end. I trust in the movie-makers that this lurid attempt to lure viewers should justify. It was not. <br /> <br /> The movie has to be the most apathetic I've come across in the genre. Groups look like a cross between a 1970's Dr. Who puts sick people who formed someone in a sponge living room painted. The lighting is inimitable (if together you will do wrong, at least the semi-darkness films hide the plasterboard and create some ambiance). In the kidnapped quartet, the girl meant that they are particularly lame, but none of them are given a personality. Foreign plans' for world domination are just plain unusual - all they need is a birth control pill and issues are resolved. Most of the movie consists of people running down corridors. Yes, it's really interesting. "Ray ray" special effects are ... curious, they say the least (which is a weapon that takes a 15-second explosion focus to kill, and even then the guy comes back for more?). The script is like a bad episode of the A-Team, with the ladies' hairstyles from the same era, so they look like school teachers instead of a team advance invaders alien invaders. When we finally get to see what the aliens really seem, they're in suspense animation and never even get out of the boxes. The resolution of the story - foreign betrayal simply has a few words and invades commander fleet and without a second thought he heads home - is really a sign of a writer who has never had a more intricate idea than a cartoon Saturday (I mean the bad people who have no scheme, action, or characterization) in his life. But seriously, what with the naked chick ?! Is it really just that they could justify putting meat on DVD cover to boost sales?
