Noel Coward, a witty and urban man, was friends with Louis Mountbatten.Mr Coward, a long-time admirer of all naval, was commissioned to write a wound-story story based on the loss of the Mountbatten boat. In a peculiar way British he considered that a movie about the Royal Navy lost a meeting in the sea would be good propaganda. He also considered a good idea to have Mr Coward play part of the ship's captain.Amang the many types needed to order a battle boat, ability to speak in a very loud voice and singing sophisticated "point" songs does not come very high up the list of Admiralty House, or at least one would expect by. The attention must be earned and kept in respect of the wardrobe and the lower the pile looks . Mr. Coward might respect the guys in the chorus at Drury Lane and Binkie Beaumont could be terrified by him, but his ability to tame, mold and direct a boat crew in time wars must be brought to question. Himself languorously around the bridge, patronizing the other rows and barking orders of the officers, he only needed a dress up dress and a cigarette holder looks good at home. Many are made in the "boat ship of the ship as a microcosm of the British Society" theme, and the crew largely understands how well they are common, cane elatriyewithout with no war can fought.They spend most of their time on smoking board, moaning on Lord Haw Haw and getting blown. Never mind, there are many more places to come from. Once they go straight to the pub where they spend most of their time smoking, moaning on Lord Haw Haw and getting bleached .Not contrast Mr Coward lives in a Dream cams and a door-to-door awakening in a very quiet place and lots of luck to getting blown up. Her lady's wife and two cherry angel roses are conversing in ludicrously tone and says lady wife spends so much of her woven things for the unfortunate poor who have his crew and who he refers to by the surnames.While pretty young master Johnny Mills has an important role as a completely incredible tip type that adores Mr Coward in much the same way as a dog crush will worship his master.He married his girlfriend after kissing her on the cheek, presumably on the grounds that she might conceive after such unfettered passions. So yes, we have a microcosm in British society here, but maybe not by the way the musicians of "In which we serve" intended. At the end of Mr Coward gets a chance to patronize his guys as some survivors pass on, "Goodbye Edwards, it was a privilege to navigate with you" it enunciates as if he had recited "How now brown cows ". It may have been David Lean's first feature, but the hand at Noel Coward looms great right across this picture. He was a funny and smart man, best suited for writing waspish play on poor little girl and boy and the occasional song singing. He had a talented entertainment, no doubt, but he could not write nor talk about convincing dialogue. Being Noel Coward was a full-time job, she had no time to be a real person.
