I'm quite a fan of novelist / senator Michael Chabon. Her novel "Wonder Boys" became a fantastic film by Curtis Hanson. Roman mastery of the "Amazing Adventures of Rider and Clay" won the Pulitzer Prize a few years back, and he had a hand in the script of "Spider Man 2", arguably the greatest comic book movie ever. <br /> <br /> <br /> Director Rawson Marshall Thurber also conducted beautiful comedy pieces, including the gut-bustin "Dodgeball" and the film short film series "Terry Tate: Office Linebacker". With a cast including Peter Saarsgard, Sienna Miller, Nick Nolte and Mena Suvari, this looks like a no-brainer. Literally. <br /> Jon Star Foster as Art Bechstein, the son of a mobster (Nolte) who recently graduated with a degree in Economics. Jon is in a state of development arrested: he works a minimum wage labor in Barn Barn, has a stupid relationship with his girlfriend / boss, Phlox (Suvari), the number of little more than the abundant amount of sex there is no plan other than chip going to a career for which it has zero passion. <br /> One night at a party, a former roommate introduced Jon Jane (Miller), a beautiful, clever violinist. Then last night they went out for pie, and asked Jon a question that started shaking him out of his catatonic state of existence, "I want you to tell me something that you never said to one soul. If you do, it will make this inevitable night. "Jon then tells him a dream that leads to him in which he wanders over the city looking at the faces of strangers than he does not, but Not one of them looked at her in the eye. "I imagine it must be what death feels like," he said. <br /> <br /> The next day Jane at Cleveland's boyfriend (Saarsgard) kidnaps Jon from work and takes her out of a wet abandoned steel mill, and soon Jon, Cleveland and Jane are spending every moment awake Together to Rock Punk concert, make drugs and drink lots of alcohol. This does not sit well with Phlox, who pushes Jon for a more personal relationship, so let's meet his new friends and dad. The movie then tries to take us on Jon's trip as it shakes off the chains imposed on him by his father, Phlox and his dying dead work as he finds freedom and expression in his relationship with Cleveland and Jane. /> There is a problem that we are following Jon in the movie: it is completely refreshing. He has no ambition, passion or purpose. He walked into life as the invisible wraith he described Jane overnight was met. At the beginning this is not a problem. But it never gets any more interesting. It is a completely passive character. She simply follows Cleveland and Jane in reckless, but she never gives us any equal and what she cares about or wants to do with herself. Therefore, the film and its support character have nowhere to go with little to do other than parties, having sex and get into arguments. In other words, many words about anything. What we have here is the deep skin of a good movie without anything on the inside. Rapid communication, ponderous voice-over and character set off in the distance, lots of gender sex both gay and gay, big arguments, more mad sex, a chase scene and a tragic death ... but it does not seem to matter. Ironically, at a point Jane, confused in a number of Jon's coma action, asking him, "What's going on, Jon? What's that all about?" Yes, Jon, said. We at the hearing are dead, too. The title "The Mysteries of Pittsburgh" must refer to the characters themselves, because that's what they are. They are all facades, a stand-alone dimension for current people. The film never allowed us in. We never know what to do any of them ticks. We see them doing many things, but we do not know why. And the absence of "why" is one of the worst things a movie can have.
