Cecil B. deMille in 1922 Mansler's Tearjerker Salon-in-Prison Manslaughter finds Leatrice's happy day as a good-at-heart, but decadent young lady with more money than she knows what to do with. His residence leads to prison, which in turn leads to regeneration. Thomas Meighan is the district's lawyer's attorney who made him his personal crusade to carry out the goodness and anxiety of Lydia (Joy) but he became sidetracked by alcohol and once he was released, he's up to her to deliver him! <BR> <br /> If the plot does not sound too bad, you will be floating by the pampering presentation. The quality in the direction of DeMille is very low, and it does not show any particular skill that is unique to it. Photography is standard and flat, and the correction is hardly more dynamic. One can properly classify it as a fashion show and be very correct. DeMille gets dressed Miss Joy up in many different types of clothes (evening gown, golf suit, costume engine, pile of fur) that it's subtle could be 'mod in 1922' <br /> One thing more irritating than the picture or editing or the direction is the act, which is mostly flat and wooden. When it's not, it's simply a routine gesture of silence, rolling eye balls, controlling eye eyes and deliberate show and arm movements. What would have been animated for modern viewers by mugging and scrolling to some of the worst movies silently, is here just dull to watch. Only members of the cast that succeed in any form of excellence are Lois Wilson, who is not only beautiful, but is able to play his role naturally. It is convincing and endearing in close-ups, as long as you do not read the moral card that followed once he spoke openly. As I said, everyone else is droningly routine, Joy, Meighan, even Julia Faye. His performance here makes a good argument why he never came to the finish line. <br /> <br /> The worst and most fun part of this movie is the tough moralist tone that brings to it all. Meighan's character has many interludes where he drives on how young America in decline in his moral position, and he will be right back to the decadence of Rome. (insert absorption flachback) Moralize this movie was described as Victorian, but it is beyond that. It has little to bring in reality that I have a hearing audience at that time did not take it any seriously than contemporary viewers could. <br /> <br /> This movie is exactly what the subconscious tend to think of as a 'typical' silent film, and it's purchasing moral structure, wild acting and bad direction. DeMille shows that it could be a terrible director, with no sense of rhythm, camera assignment, or skill in handling either script or actor. I can not imagine any of the right ideas to take it seriously. Boring, slow and idiotic, I recommend it to hardcore dorks silence as I am only.
