The idea is to have something interesting to do in the first ten minutes to keep the audience tuned. Night shopping while managing to avoid interest for longer than that. When we reached a point, it is so mental monument that I kept thinking that I must have understood it. But I did not. Sean tells the story of a homeowner Osaka who rented the apartment at the same time two people at the same time who worked different shifts and did not realize they were sharing. His friend asked, "But what about the weekends?" Sean does not have a proper explanation. Sean then tells the story of his own problems, which is that he's not sure his girlfriend is still living at home as he works during the night and he is working during the day so they never see one and others. This has been going on for three weeks. But his friend does not ask, "Yes, but as I said before, what about the weekends? You must see it then it does not make sense .. what you going on, Sean? Are you about medication or something? "But let's be generous and assume that they both work seven days a week. <br /> We see Sean check to see if soap and towels are used. (In fact, bizarre, he starts to bring soap around it.) But what about his girlfriend's conditioning with shampoo, sanpro and moisturizer, toothpaste and toothbrush. Let's go to the kitchen. What about food and drink? Is any missing? Has anyone bought? In the bedroom, was the shared bed made or not? Are clothes used and traded for clean people? Does the laundry basket laundry? In the bathroom is the seat up or down? I mean, good grief! <br /> And they cover it all Paul arranges to leave early work to see if his girlfriend is still living at home. Why not just phone it? <br /> But it gets worse. In the recent act although no-told Vincent where the rest of the group will be she managed to find them. Lenny loves the interest and Sean's girlfriend easily appears best friend and also managed to get the band. There is not even the slightest attempt to explain any of these extraordinary coincidences easily. <br /> <br /> To be just the dialogue is OK, but not nearly good enough to make up for the weak characters or stories annoyingly blaming. <br /> I heard one of the actors interviews and promised "no weapons, no drugs, no cassette." I thought, "big". But after half an hour of tedium I called on the screen: "I want weapons! I want drugs! I want to cord!" It would not take much trouble these issues out but on the official website the director has so many that the movie has not been edited script. That's all you need to know.
