All day long I watch dinosaurs, and all day they had the same basic problem. <br /> They do not believe in firearms. They just do not seem to be _told_ about them or something. Ball _bounce_ Off of Dinosaurs! Maybe it's because they have disappeared millions of years before the invention of gun gun, and the laws of physics were just different then back ... Aa, no. Come. If they are sufficient enough to chemically operate today, they should be vulnerable to fast (even subsonic) lead projectiles. It's simple. <br /> Look, the toughest-skinned reptiles on the planet today, alligators and crocodiles, are completely vulnerable to firefight fires. They have nothing magical. You can shoot a pistol round right into the heavy scales on the backs. They do not take balloon-free bullets or something special. Small bullets enter, they just do not kill them. A bit (but not really) the bullets are preferred because the challenge (as with the most game) is to kill the animal with one shot, so it does not run. (Hunters consider it immoral to allow animals to run and die unharvested.) Most animals, including predators, are easily repelled by bullets. Between the noise, and the pain of even a non-lethal wound, most will run away. An exception are big bears, which are so fearful that they are merely angry by deadly injuries. Cape Buffalo is considered extremely dangerous because they are well-known for loading when injured. We've seen the video of the bulls in a herd of buffalo Cape Salvage a bull from a proud pride of lions. A big cat will run if it can, but if it can not it will be packed as a final act of despair. Where a T.Rex would fit into this spectrum is unknown. Their behavior simply was not observed. With these major animals, hunting safely gets a matter of applying a suitable and powerful, powerful, and / or applying several of them to rapidly counter the load. With a T.Rex, of course, this could be a serious problem. I saw a skull T.Rex (they have one in downtown museums) and carry a huge gun to bust that would be impractical. Sewing it off with lots of smaller fire could be a more viable approach. Small bullets would still be _penetrate_, they would not just bounce off just because the animal is too big to kill! So here we have Cortez and its guys (this is _before_ famous Mexican campaign, apparently) captured by native Americans and scheduled for sacrifice on the pyramid. It appears that all these people's sacrifices were about to appeal to the blood of the fear of T.Rexes that terrorized the continent of the day. Rather than just having their hearts cut out and eating in the trials, Cortez went and talked to Aztecs in letting them hunt and kill them. Ok, maybe they do not have M-16s like the guys in the series "Carnosaur" but their _do_ have flintlocks, crossbows, stumps (big men, made from trees) and swords. Perhaps that's a bit less uneven than squad of soldiers and cars full, but they were several guys and I would quickly bet on them on a dinosaur. Oh, wait, there is a _cannon_, about a 4-inch. It's just the ticket for a Tyrannosaurus' skull! So they put a trap, with a squad of men, cannon, sticks stuck in a ravine, and entertained the first T.Rex in it, using a pretty little girl as bait. Cortez points that they do not have time to reload, so they'll have to close the row until they can be sure of the goals. T.Rex totally ignores the volleyballs of flintlock fire, and we see both a bolt bulb _and_ the cannon ball _bounce_! Forget it. End of credibility. A crossbow bolt would defeat Cortez 'torso gun, and a 4 "ball cannon could enter the bark of a wooden boat! This would also _certainly_ get into hiding, ribcage, or the skull of any animal all the time this planet market. think a _whale_ could withstand a 4 "balloon cannon?) And here's T.Rex, still standing, not even bleeding. So, Cortez attracted her to the ravine, where she fell on the pointed sticks, which (I guess not magic) penetrated it and killed it. Yaaay, sting sticks! <br /> <br /> Dinos are not completely invulnerable shotguns - they manage to put out an eye in the second and a pistol. This run it off, so it does not mean like a bear or a Buffalo, at least in the movies. <br /> Kill the second dinosaur with a bomb - made from a gourd filled with powder and gemstones. My money would always be on the cannon. It engineeredly engineered to focus all the energy of the lungs in one direction - toward the target. A bomb is a much more diffused application of force. A bomb_real_ (NOT a bomb bomb) has a steel box that has extreme pressure blast. (Think: bomb pipes vs. firecracker.) A pile of fire gun fire will simply go poof. (Believe me one.)
