I never saw one of those original SciFi before, this was the first. I think he just judges acting, direction / production, designing and the same CGI effects on other SciFi films. To compare it to your typical Hollywood production is unfair. I'll say, however, that Aztec Rex in general was not exactly reminiscent of Aguirre chief Werner Herzog, anger of God. <br /> I'm going to start by saying that, yes, I acknowledge the fact that this film has more to do with culture-clash than it does with dinosaurs. Although being a movie-made-for-TV sci-fi, there are some hidden concepts in the story that I will examine. Symbolic elements include is obvious enough. As a student of history, theology, mythology and film: I found the dialogue and term draw to be somewhat insulting. I do not ask for any coffee mea on behalf of the producers - as I said before the movie is what it is. But what my concern is is that much of the least demographic of this movie is probably counting on TV give them lessons when it comes to history and cultural diversity. The main problem manifests itself most visually with the Ayacoatl character (not a comment on Leach's Leach Performance, but simply how character he wrote, although, I'll say he has some work to do before he receives any Emmy nods) . It is in his character that the European Hispanic actions are justified. His role in the film as Love Interest in Rios affirms that European way is the right way, simply because of the European. There is really no other reason to give. It really just leaves the assumption that the viewer stands to associate themselves with the Europeans on the Aztec because their clothes, tongues, ideologies, etc. are more familiar to the Aztecs - that's why the Aztecs are described as adversarial and 'bak. 'And it's not simply that the viewer leaves with this assumption due to the exceptional perception of the part of viewers, but it really looks like the story trying to persuade the viewer - As if the Aztec could not come up with a plan - if not a better one - to lure a dinosaur to death on a bed of punji rod. <br /> <br /> In fairness, there is a group of Hispanics that are described as looting temples and intent on simply abusing native to MesoAmericans. There is also a scene where we have holy men who have noticed the accomplishments of the Aztecs: "They have agriculture, medicine, calendars, etc." - But in the end it is still the Aztec warrior who is described as antagonist the main of the movie, even on the thunderies' lizards (more on that later). He described it as treacherous, duplicitous and attempts to free romantic European spaniards by tricking it into consummate hallucinogenic ideas to change mushrooms - a valuable spiritual component of certain aspects and religions of the native Meso & North American (again, more on that later) so that she can keep the girl feeling that belongs to him and away from the Spanish. <br /> Now to analyze the true nature of the story (leaving obvious Christian vs. the pagan theme off of the board) from a symbolic way - a viewer can easily take so-called so-called lizards to be the representative The ideological MesoAmerican / Theological, which in this film is described as one intent on: bloodshed, pity, cruelty, cruel, perhaps even evil? In opposition, we have this group of Christian Wanderers, led by a young Hernando cortes who are described as naive, yet in general noble, lambs kept in the nation's Firm nation in the Aztec. Also, the name of the film is Aztec Rex, leading one to believe it is about dinosaurs from human food. However, the Aztec Rex translated is Aztec King, a head of the Aztec state, or in this state-of-the-way example. (Therefore, why the title of the movie was changed). So, what really do we see as the new Aztec king at the end? It's the remaining Spanish, Rios. Aztec Rex is in reference to the new European ideology that has been defeated, through illness, bloodshed, war and hunger, Native American. Rios symbolizes European ideals - as the presenters of this film would like to be remembered (in opposition to the 'European-practicing-yet-still-noble European'). But when you examine the Holocaust in the Americas, be honest: not a symbolic component of this movie's history has it retired? I told Aztec Rex is at worst a little racist, or to be kind to it, the best ignorant. <br /> And yes, I know it's just a movie, all meant to be fun, I understand, but so in the end we're leaving with the idea that Rios was the last remaining aztec line line? I wonder what native MesaAmericans should think about this ending ... like for myself, I thought it was a little too self indulgent. The best performance supported by the movie goes to the Iier Ziering waves - it made at least change Ziering's appearance enough so that I did not think I was watching the yuppie from 90210 leading a bunch of concurrentists in the heart in darkness. Ziering actually proved herself to be a more-than-capable actor in this movie, I actually bought her performance, or at least I forgot she was Ian Ziering anyway. I do not know who he is, but he should get more work. In closing, it was also a pleasure to see Jim McGee again. I've been a fan of all the time since too short-staged performance in scrooged 1988. Alexander Quaresma - DeusExMachina529@aol.com
