Tyrannosaurus Azteca is set during the sixteenth century where Spanish explorer Hernando Cortes (Ian Ziering) landed in Mexico and six of her best men including Lieutenant Rios (Marco Sanchez), intended to claim the land on behalf of The Spanish & maybe steal some gold if the opportunity arises. In the minutes they have their first eye at the Wild Astronomical Site, within minutes after the coast & the guys were captured & held captive. If that was not bad enough it turns out that a couple of Tyrannosaurus Rex live and love eating locals, in an effort to win their life the Spanish offer helps locals to get rid of monster problems but and various hidden agendas and motivate her earthquake by just the dinosaurs being looked out for ... <br /> <br /> Directed, by, aside, has done one of the most popular Turkish movie exploits (1982) which I recommend for one and all) and also most commonly known under the titled sound of Aztec Rex (the title has been changed by the Sci-Fi Channel when it is revealed as may be the original title of the Tyrannosaurus Azteca sound like it might be a foreign movie) this is yet another idiotic & cheap looking feature feature sci-fi 'feature and that's all you need to know really. Based on & around the real Spanish Conquistador calculus during his expedition to the Mexico film definitely does not strive for historical accuracy although I'll admit that the story tries to do something a little different here, but finally Tyrannosaurus Azteca is still fair a 'Feature Feature' and a bunch of people running out of some poor computer graphics CGI in a monster despite its period setting. Not too sure what else I can say, although they have put centuries of what the usual clichés here, the character is to cut down the usual cardboard boxes, making stupid decisions with one selfish one, the one heroic, one behind, the anonymous victim has just got to find food & the beautiful woman here & easy to spot. The film is predictable, funny, dull and not really amused on any level although it moves together in a decent rhythm and has one or two half decent moments in gore if that's sort of interest your stuff. The story is not that good & there are many holes too, this is also the movie sort that you'll have to completely forget about in a few days. <br /> <br /> Now I've seen & commented on many Sci-Fi 'Cattle features' features & typically the CGI computer effects are awful & while Tyrannosaurus Azteca does not exactly buck the tendency I'll admit to having a few vaccines look good, but then they are usually lost by an absolutely horrible shot immediately afterwards. There are a few decent war effects here too, there is a cut out heart, a guy's legs biting off, some blood splatter, a cool shot of a guy left holding his own triple after he was attacked by the dinosaur, there are some the body of men is seen with a stab and a spear. The T-Rex gets a couple of people too. The production values ​​are really cheap, the Aztec set looks like one of those theme park attractions made from Styrofoam & the Hispanic people to be imprisoned in the worst pasture of cinematic history and the fence supposedly holding them at lower than a smooth waist, they could simply stepped out of it & run it was so low. <br /> With a budget estimated at about $ 900,000 I can not see where the money goes, shot in O'ahu in Hawaii in apparently fifteen days. The act is not great out of no-one I've ever heard of. <br /> <br /> Tyrannosaurus Azteca really is not any better than any other cheap Sci-Fi channel feature 'Despite an almost interesting & strange quote, this basic statement should be fundamentally enough for you decide whether you will enjoy this or not (in a guess probably not).
