EPSILON, a.k.a ALI visitors, is not what I expected. This is a no-budget Australian film that has no special effects other than film-up films and cut-off schemes. The alien woman (who comes up instantly can speak perfectly to Australian accent) can "blip" in place of time or time and time to change his perception of the time flow to match the "faster" people. /> An elder grandmother tells her two daughters about a story of a wandering man saying 40 years earlier, when a name "Li" reaches the naked and completely disoriented planet, can recognize that the star in the sky was from ... He meets a man alone camp in the Australian Outback, apparently disengaging him. He is here by "mistake", and gets angry when he says he is on Earth. The earthlings are known as the scandal of the environment and a metaphor for most insulting things to the rest of the universe: those who "breathe the bad air", but do nothing to it, sticking themselves under the sand like an ostrich. In another fun metaphor, the Earthlings are "frogs". From there, it is entirely a film about dialogue, as the embarrassing man attempts to understand It's peculiar psychology and opinion, as it calls it unintelligent and "strange". The man starts to realize it may be irrational and does not think right. But while waiting to be "beamed up" home, He sees that this person is not entirely defective in his thinking, and even falls in love with him. The dialogue on perspectives is of interesting spots, but it is full of layers and a heavy-handed environment message and a low-budget feel (there are only two main actors, which blip around various desert scenes, and the evil lowers people on the planet never see at all). Message in the environment offers no solution, but paints one or two metaphorically stressful to what will happen to nature and people if something does not. The logic also does not hang together: the rest of the universe was "giving up" to Earth, yet a space woman holds on Earth by mistake managing the effects of some positive changes to the conclusion of the film. What would a battalion of aliens deliberately sent here to manage to realize pollution and waste?
