This is one of the films of the British Lottery Fund's wasted money on it. The main problem is a rambling script that is nowhere to be seen. Characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only thing of interest is the place: the Genoa city (Genova in Italian). Having only a superficial friend and Genoa, I had no idea of ​​going to complicate its Old Town, and that the city was so interesting. I thought Genoa was dull. I am happy to say that I have proved wrong. So, from the travel tip point, this film has interest. The movie has one splendid performance, not a girl named Perla Haney-Jardine. She has already made seven films despite being only 12, so she looks to be a career as an actress, and judging by her performance in this film, she should go far, as she is a natural and has a great talent matters. Colin Firth, a serious and professional actor, was on hand for the filming and when asked to be serious, serious, and when asked to be trembling, he was leaking. But someone forgot to give him any refreshing dialogue. The script is a fantastic one. Catherine Keener exceptionally well into a support role, showing sympathy coming naturally to him, so that everyone would like to be around (I would like to tell him every time I feel a cold coming on, as I know he would find me a hot drinking calming). So we have it: Fascinating Miss Genies narrow, an interesting girl, and a sympathetic woman. Forget the rest. The older sister played by Willa Holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress does a good job of repossessing mosquitoes is not exactly the type of tribute she wants to hear, I suspect. The notion that this family goes to Genoa to forget the unfortunate death of the mother is so sad that if we have another film like that, all the dead mothers may complain of being exploited. If Michael Winterbottom wanted to make a movie about how exciting the old portion of Genoa is, why did not he just go to the BBC and say he wanted to make a movie trip with some mindless celebrity presenters? Why waste money on a feature film that has nothing but a worthwhile project in vacuity idle?
