This film is trying hard, but completely lacking in the 1960s TV series, that I'm sure people remember and romantic. Although I'm 17, I look at some of the series on YouTube a long time ago and it was enjoyable and fun. Unfortunately, this movie does little justice for the series. Special effects are rather substandard, and this is not helped by the camera-flat work. The script is also dull and lacking in any sense of humor and humor. Other non-parody films and scripts are home alone 4, the cat in the hat, Thomas and the magic railroad and Addams family reactions. Now, I'll say I liked the idea of ​​the story, but unfortunately it was seriously executed and ran out of steam too soon, and I am honestly not sure why this is something for the family to enjoy. And I was annoyed by the speaker talk, despite voice speed work from Wayne Knight. <br /> But the thing that upset me most about this film was that it wasted the talents of Christopher Lloyd, Jeff Daniels and Daryl Hannah, all of the very talented actors. Jeff Daniels pulled on some good performance before, but he did not seem to have a sign that he was supposed to do, and Elizabeth Hurley's character unfortunately came across as useless. Daryl Hannah is a beautiful and generally ignorant actress, and I liked the idea of ​​being the love interest, but sadly you see a lot of it, (not to mention the monster assault is likely to scare kids over their enthrall) as well as Wallace Shawn as some kind of government operation. Christopher Lloyd finds himself best, and as an actor I love Lloyd a lot (it was in two of my favorite films and who framed Roger Rabbit, and I'm fond of Back in the Future) but she gave little little to work with, and there was a tendency to hit all wildly. <br /> In general, as I wanted to love this movie, I was left impressed. Instead of being fun, he came across as pointless, and that's a shame because he has a lot of potential, with some talented actors and a good idea, but wasting and poor execution. 1/10 Bethany Cox
