I've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death, that album, if not his best, is usually prolific in a way and worthy to listen at least. The album usually is good enough to cement a legacy. However, when it comes to comedy, especially funny mainstream stars in their own cars, final films are usually terrible God. John Belushi was "Neighbor", John Candy was "Wagon's East", Chris Farley was "Almost Heroes", Phil Hartman was "Little Soldier", and Rodney Dangerfield had this movie. <br /> <br /> "Back By Midnight", although it may not have been Dangerfield's latest film, is weak in every sense of the word. He has been filming in 2002 according to this website, and it is safe to say that he would stay on the shelves if Dangerfield was still alive. I've been a big fan of Dangerfield since I was in my teenager, and she paints me to see how this film was rotten. <br /> <br /> What amazes me the most is that a number of other talented people have taken part in a movie and a very weak quote to begin with them. Dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his funny character on film, is a prison mansion who houses a brief group of prisoners. When the owner of the prison, Colonel-Tom-Parker-satisfied-Sam-Walton billionaire Eli Rockwood (Randy Quaid), cuts financing for the prison, the Chief sent a group of prisoners to break out of prison, Rockwood's voluntary store convenience in consumer goods, and breaks back to prison and loot. Do not take that in the convenience stores, they (I guess) take what they believe Rockwood be. <br /> With this flimsy toilet, the movie cheese and frequent departures. On top of that, the jokes that you think should save this movie is not even close to comics, not even from Mr. No respect. This is incredibly disappointing too, because you would expect a movie with Oscar-nomination (!!!) Randy Quaid, Kirstie Alley, Gilbert Gottfried, Ed Begley Jr, Yeardley Smith, and others to be at least a little funny. Instead, Quaid plays a character we've seen before in many other comedies, Alley plays a British heiress with a terrible British accent (this movie could not afford a British real!!!), And all jokes were wrong Standing and poorly timed by virtually every member of this ensemble. It was just not a good comedy in any sense of the word. <br /> <br /> "Back to Midnight" was rated R mostly for language (with one stripping scene). The irony of this fact is that many of the jokes are so insulted audiences that even children (if you edit the language) would walk out of this movie. The physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when the Alley monkey's pet is Quaid's character. When the monkey grabs a scary scissors and jumps over Quaid's couch, who would not know where this gag has gone? <br /> Being a direct-to-video comedy, of course I did not expect any Oscar-winning material over here. The truth is, though, Dangerfield has done some great, timeless comedy before. "Easy Money" and "Back to School" are hilarious still, and were definitely not Oscar-worthy of the slightest. However, there is a difference between making a mute comedy this funny, and making a dumb comedy. And the type of comedy letter, it seems like the filmmakers do not even try, which is precisely the case and excuse for this lame for a 90 min wasted. Rest in peace, Rodney, but add this movie to your bunch of forgettable comedies such as "Meet Wally Sparks" (1997) and "Godson" (1999). This film, dare I say, is not even worth seeing.
