The riot of zombies begins with Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) trying to convince General Duval (George Cleveland) whose Tsiang companion (William Crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotize people & render them under control of their turn of stupid zombie (a bit like the people i work and really). Anyway, Tsiang is murdered by Colonel Mazovia (Roy D'Arcy), but failed to gain the knowledge of turning people into zombies. An expedition was established by General Duval Hunt for the Secret since Tsiang will not say much more. General Duval led the expedition with his daughter Claire (Dorothy Stone) engaged in Louque who also came together. During the expedition Claire dumps Louque for his wife Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland) where Louque is not too happy about. In a way that could only happen in a movie Louke finds the secret to turning people into zombie alone & starting to use his new power to get revenge on Claire & Clifford ... Co-writing & directed by Victor Halperin rioting The zombie has a bad reputation and after watching it I can see why. Scripts by Halperin, Howard Higgin & Rollo Lloyd all uncredited, have a good central idea, but kill dead cold dead by being dull and as interesting as watching dry paintings. There is nothing much happening for ages & then there is not much afterwards either. How Halperin paints its different zombie and what most modern audience would consider to be a zombie, these zombies are just brain genres and moviegoing audiences should wait more than thirty years before George A.Romero would define what a zombie is now thought as in the night of the living dead (1968). In just over an hour of length the riot of zombies still feels too long. Technically, the film is OK considered to have made 70 years ago, black & white adequate cinematography although some of the scenes seem like being shot against a photo in background. The act is wooden & widely unimpressive. The riot of zombies might have been hot stuff in 1936 but it does not have good dates and in 2005 it's an absolute bribe to sit down. I believe the movie is now public domain as it turns up on lots of ultra cheap DVD composition & budget etiquette, but it's still not worth looking no matter how cheap you can get it for.
