This is not really a zombie movie, if we are defining zombies like the dead walking around. Here the protagonist, Armand Louque (played by an unbelievably young Dean Jagger), controls the progress of a method of creating zombies, though in reality, his 'method' is mentally thinking of him and controlling the minds of others live in them to turn them into hypnotized slaves. This is an interesting concept for a movie, and has made much more effectively by Fritz Lang in his series of 'Dr. Mubuse's film, including 'Dr. Mabuse Gambler '(1922) and' The Testaments of Dr. Mabuse '(1933). Here she is unfortunately surdy in her quest to regain the love of her former fiancée, Claire Duvall (played by Anne Heche look like a bad hairstyle, Dorothy Stone) which is really the bigger theme. The movie has an intriguing beginning, as Louque sent on a military archipelago expedition in Cambodia at the end of the cult of zombies that came from there. In some types of compounds (where we find great 30s together with clothes) she announced his commitment to Claire, and then barely five minutes later, giving her back ring to declare her love for his pals, Clifford Greyson (Robert Noland). It's unknowingly funny way to talk to each other without making eye contact. This would have a great movie for 'Mystery Science Theater 3000', if they had not already grilled it. It never shows how Louque actually learns the 'zombie' secret, but then uses it to kill his enemies, creating a giant army of rifles carrying soldiers and bodyguards. We will not see this absolute force at will until John Agar in the 'Brain from the Arous Planet' (1957). Finally Claire agrees to marry her if she leaves Greyson live and return to America. Louque agrees, but actually turns it into one of his hypnotized slaves. On the wedding night she realizes that Claire will only begin to love her if she gives up her powers. To find his love, he did so, causing the 'riot' of the title, in which all his slaves got up and attacked his compound and killed him. Greyson embraced Claire, and we seem to be the end of a parable: "Who the gods would destroy, they first made angry." <br /> So really then, it's not that bad in a movie, despite the IMDB rating it now has. On looking repeatedly (?) One can see the art of the well-formed script! Dean Jagger has always been developing into a good actor, and is almost unmistakable in his youth - is that really her own hair? We remember him more for his bald, old man's role in 'White Christmas' (1954), 'X Unknown' (1956) and 'Creole Creole' (1958). The story lends a lot of its basic themes to Halperin's best-known brothers, 'Early Movie' (1932) in which hapless Robert Frazier (as Charles Beaumont) uses 'zombie' to win Madge Bellamy's love (as Madeline Parker) If you want real movies (with hundreds!) I would start with 'White Zombie' (1932), 'King of the Zombies' (1941),' I Walked With a Zombie '(1943),' The Night the Living Dead "(1968)," The Last Man of the Earth "(1964) and its remnants. In the modern era of stylish films, there are 'Horror Express' (1972),' The Serpent and the Rainbow '(1988), '28 Days After' (2002) and its sequel, as well as many, many, others also very much mentioned. <br /> This one is not really a zombie movie. Judging this movie on its own theme, it's more of a semi-Gothic romance. As such a little lower range of bills under the Universal Bill bill B B in the late 30s and early 40s. So I'll give it a 5.
