Well, first, if you're checking out the riot of zombies as some very early night of the living movie (1968) -type movie, forget it. This is about "zombie" in a more psychological sense, where the term simply means someone who is not in control of their will, but must instead follow another's will. The "Zombies" here, as the little ones in the movie, are largely metaphorous for subservience to the state or authority in general, as in war. It is quite a stretch to call this horror movie. The movie is set during World War I. A "French Cambodian" contingent heard strange stories about zombies - supposedly Angkor King was built by zombie use - and there are stories of zombie army easily overcome enemies. Armand Louque (Dean Jagger) brings back a priest who allegedly knows the secret of zombification, but he will not talk. Thus, Louque and an international top military contingent of Angkor Wat on an archaeological expedition are designed to discover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before zombies have a chance to "wipe out the white race". The odd things about the riot of zombies are that it seems like maybe writer / director Victor Halperin decided to change his game plan while shooting the script. The movie starts as if it will explore the zombie / military metaphor, and maybe even have adventure elements, but after about 15 minutes, it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle triangle. <br /> <br /> Halperin makes wood with a subtext of will and power (with a Nietzschean "going to power"). The movie is interesting on this level, but the script and the correction is very fantastic. This is yet another big movie for which I would not be surprised if there is missing footage, especially since some scenes even fade or cut while a character is talking dialogue. <br /> Within the story romanticly flawlessly, Halperin tries to keep referring to the zombie thread, but little of the zombie material makes much sense. Louque discovers the secret of zombies, but it does not mean much of the viewer. The mechanics of the zombie material are vague and confusing Halperin same resorts using overlap footage of Belog Lugosi's googly-eye from his 1932 film, White Zombie, but he never explains what he did with anything. There are great gaps in the plot, including the love story. Promises, interesting characters from early coil disappear for long periods of time. One crucial potential is disposed of unceremoniously before it gets big. <br /> <br /> If you're a big fan of old, critics B critics, the riot of zombies can be worth watching at least once - acting is not all that bad, and if you had a good imagination , you can put together an interesting story of yourself filled in all the gaps. But this is the second time I saw the movie, and the first only was about five years ago, and I could barely remember anything about it - so it's not exactly memorable.
