"The riot of zombies" proves that the same director has revised and recycled an idea not necessarily to strike lightning twice. The Halperin brothers, responsible for the classic "White Zombie" horror, made this trite piece of waste a few years later in cash in on its popularity and even reclaimed close-ups in Lugosi's eyes from the previous film them. There was a court battle with the "White Zombie" film movie movie, who did not want the Halperins to be able to use the word 'zombie' in this title. This was the only thing that could help this movie, because, as everyone knows, bad movie can make a lot of money simply by having the word 'zombie' appearing in the title. Knowing what Victor Halperin could have been a few years before only made this movie more refreshingly insulting. It seems he has never ruled another horror movie after this phase. Zombies are here not really killed dead, but simply those who are victims of hypnosis. <br /> Want to create a self-controlled host of zombies? Prepare to crack a few eggs, including your own. <br /> <br /> The story of Man: The man falls in love with the crowds of people who play with his heart and gets involved with his friends, his loved ones, jealous. This throws man into a spiral of madness in which he tries using the mind-control zombie mind ideas to change things to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who is not worth spitting. In the most evident evolution of the evolution I have ever seen. You should be blind or stupid to see the coming end. Acting is not the same. This movie makes racial sensitivity to the "King of the Zombies" (which appeared on the double DVD bill I bought) looks like an atmospheric horror master by comparison and reminds us that not all black and white films are a classic. It makes the atomic age sci-fi alien zombie cheese fest "invisible invisible" looks like a serious drama. This one big ball is so ridiculous melodramatic cheese that he could probably make a lot of a Korean fanatic fanatic film (Korean films are often known for using melodrama). The credit list lists the ironically called company. I'm not sure whose favorite movie should be, but they're obviously a fool. <br /> Do not recommend fans of: zombies, romances, or classic films.
