Even though the title includes the word "zombies", this movie is not what you would expect from a movie made today, though for 1936 the concept was played out as well as would probably be expected. Dean Jagger shows Armand Louque, an officer of the French Army in the Second World War, who had stumbled upon an ancient story of soldiers back in automobiles, or "zombie", waterproof in battle and power holding the key to victory in the war , though on the side is not certain. At first he had to conquer his superiors in this phenomenon, but eventually French General Duval (George Cleveland) ordered a non-military expedition in the ancient Cambodian city of Angkor to find the secret of the zombies and destroy it. / The story is played against the backdrop of a love triangle that involves Louque, daughter of Claire Duval (Dorothy Stone), and Clifford Grayson (Robert Noland), all part of the expedition. When Louque regrets her lack of strength and resolve, Grayson offers her advice to go after that she wants to live with her power. This advice begins to transform Louque, particularly after it's successful in finding a stone pile resembling a picture from the ancient city. After following a temple priest in a swamp, Louque now appeared to keep the secret he was looking for, even though he had not known how he could instantly be able to order the power of "zombiefication". All he takes is to put his right point in the forehead simulating a third eye, and casting his thoughts out of those he wants to control. This comes in handy to win her girl back, and takes Grayson's early advice as he comments to his servant, "Buna, we are learning to be ruthless." Fans of the early "B" horror cops will recognize the use of Bela Lugosi in the sign of eye signs, hacked from the movie "White Zombie" in 1932, also to director Victor Halperin. In the two films, "White Zombie" is rather superior, both in content stories and in it's illustrations of the undead, where zombies have a more disarray appearance and are more threatening. In "Revolt", zombies are enemy soldiers and a glazed look that merely reacts to their mentor's commands. In fact, the current riot of the title occurs only when Louque releases soldiers in his mental order in his love deference to Claire; They overlap her compounds and kill her in the process. <br /> <br /> Do not be too hard on the movie, it plays out decently in the parameters of its story plan, but if you're thinking of "zombie!" in the traditional context, you'll probably be disappointed. If you want to sample an early treatment of the subject, the aforementioned "White Zombies" and Bela Lugosi are the way to go.
