"This might mean the end of the white race!" Humpback a general as a dozen native zombies wander around the battles of Europe during the "Great War". An expedition lying on the long-lost land, back to the predicted town of Angor Kenner-has stopped this sort of thing and kept the battlefields clear for honest honest people to kill each other by tens of thousands. /> It's a bit hard to tell when people are zombies or not in this movie as the act so wooden. Even by 1936 standard acting in this movie is bad. From a previous decade. It looks like it came from a textbook text school on 'How to Act' <br /> ------------- Chapter Three: Emotions ------- How to Express Fear and abuse (Women) Closes both points. Find the point in one hand on the open mouth as it's shout Place other points, palm out, against lips Keeping poses for 10 seconds longer than is comfortable then quick turning turns 90 degrees far from the direction of objects with odor and sob ".. How to Have Hard, Heavily Emotionally Charging Scene and Older Households Explain Your Love for Another Person DO NOT Eye Contacts. Do not move .. Do not show any emotion. Do not move Eyes too much as you read your line on the studio wall. "To give us a respite from the lead acting director to cut off at time pauses where there is nothing much happening except that movie keep running in the projectors. So the 35 minutes worth of history is padded from 60 minutes. <br /> <br /> The revolt of the zombies when it comes to so slow! Release from mental slavery to the armies of ex-zombie minions turning over ancient masters by ambling slowly up hill and then sort of stabbing a door a bit and breaking a window. "Yeah ... let's ... oh, I dunnno yeah. Let's find it grrr Frankenstein must destroy - there." (though I was just getting a bit of hideous senbism. Jagger was shot by a native as some sort of controversy of all the natives being shot by the Germans at the start of the flick at the end of the White Race! ) The chase (it you can call it) in the back-projected swamp is hilarious and worth the admission cost alone. Roy D'Arcy has a hell in a time camp he gets up, but is totally wasted, like Col. Mazovia. There is only one interesting moment in this movie. A cute little montage of the zombie natives and white cast members fall under spell of evil eyes. Face after face, cross-fade with each other. It works, though there is a little bit unusual in the middle of each locked up as a frame that has been cut. I guess what must be the Neg Cutters' frame between the fades. <br /> <br /> Best watch with friends and a silly mood.
