Darkman 3: Darkman is killed by Bradford May, the same guy who ended the Darkman first round. Darkman 3 is worse than Darkman 2, and it's nothing special, in my opinion. Larry Drake is no more like a main villain, who is now playing by Jeff Fahey, whose characters once again want to get Darkman's work and create this time some ultra strong people in order to find the entire leadership city. The film is pretty much even in plot and execution as Darkman 2, but I was especially irritated by the presence of many scenes in Darkman 2. These suites were made in short time and little money, so these kind of decisions had to be do. Couple in the scenes are very stylish and exiting, but still this is very movie movie and often irritating to stupid, too. The characters call and laugh too much and it's very annoying. There is no philosophical depth of the movie, and this is like a remake of Darkman 2 that it still can not be equal. Darkman 2 has many great scenes and stylish camera work, and Larry Drake's ability to play great villain. Darkman 3 offers only some beautiful scenes and moments, but especially this movie is tired of full of clichés. The few positive things in this movie are the flashlight editor (Westlake's nightmare) and the couple are really surprised to draw around and tricks. And worth mentioning is also the very embarrassing scene of the main villain who was very funny books like and invented without any gore. Far more interesting than the death of the main villain in two parts. Darkman 3 is the worst of the whole series, and we must remember that these two sequels are made directly in video and not even close to the original Darkman Raimi and Liam Neeson. Darkman 2 has been agitating shareholders with lots of great scenes and suspense, but this latest (?) Entry is tired and often stupid and boring to the end. It has some bases as mentioned, but the general feeling is that this should not have been done in the first place. May be talented director so expecting that he can find some more important noteworthy projects in the future
