I think Dolph Lundgren was the potential of being a great action star of the Schwarzenegger, Stallone, and even Van Damme at certain degrees. He had some great moments in his career but also made some poor choices and this is definitely one of them although he did later in his career. The strange thing about the Jill Ripper (or Jill Rips ... or tied) is that I honestly thought they seriously thought they had made a provocative and serious thriller? It shows the way they describe it on IMDb, on the DVD case, in the comments, and this movie is not serious. To call it campy would be a great exaggeration. The film tries to be complex and smart when in reality it's nothing more than deep, confusing and free. On top of which they put Lundgren, who is known for action films, in an attempt at a serious role that makes it even more difficult because his series as a very limited actor. The movie all revolves around the sexiest world and still tried to make it a serious thriller? Just sketch and quote immediately to make it a Porn B-movie at best. <br /> Dolph Lundgren plays shame former cop and irritant Matt Sorenson who decides to play Detective when his brothers are murdered. I mean putting aside the drawings very deeply that Lundgren is getting free roaming investigating crime scenes, and witnesses and everything else though it's no longer a cop and still have a pretty weird and rather lacking glamor performance in Lundgren. Danielle Brett is Lundgren's favorite love affair with his brother's widow. Brett plays his role decent enough when considering the script and the story. Thrust in support is great and no one particularly stands out from their performance unless it's on the negative side as the absolutely horrific performance by Victor Pedtrchenko who looks to go through several different names in the movie, there is plenty of a terrible accent is a really awful cruelty. <br /> I honestly tried to get into the mystery and movie and look good, but there was no reason because it was all a mix of ridiculous drawings and free sex games including a totally ridiculous hilarious scene where Lundgren goes under cover and is nervous under almost naked. To explain how stylish and well-made film is (sarcasm ... sarcasm) back to the DVD I've collected (it was really cheap) has the Lundgren character listed as "Murray Wilson" (by the name of character it's in the movie.) Somehow somehow Lundgren managed to usually watch the movie fell flat on her face trying seriously. Consider director Anthony Hickox is infamous for really B-movie horror flicks it only makes sense even though I think he's really trying hard. The core of Lundgren fans will have to see it ... no one else should ... certainly for any sort of mystery or suspense. 3/10
