I can not understand at all why so many Godzilla fans think this is excellent, one of the best Godzilla films ever in reality. This film is terrible and one of the very few Gojira films I cant stop them looking again (the others were G. vs. Megalon). The plot is too campy to be in the Heisei series, a series of attempts to turn the Godzilla aggression franchise into films of bonafide action, revolving in the idea that seemed more in place in 1974 than 1991. It just sounded ridiculous, especially with some In the subject, taken for example the WW2 scene, and the Japanese soldiers praise a dead Godzillasaurus, a tone of pervading and severe, captivating the former ex-capitalist and his death, serious surprise in a movie his fans somehow indicated as played for laughing, as a goofy dive and logic fun culprit, if so this is unlikely one of the most delicious movies, I've seen, however I think it's more likely it was only the talent films were missing and This was a case of a straight movie facing action going bad. It has ever worsened by the fact that the special effects are terrible beyond comparison, from the Android jet packs, to the hokey sound effects emitted in everything, its impossible to take seriously, and Again the movie hopes you have No nudges in the camera. Like almost all films, Godzilla has a useless romance, and this is no exception, though something can be said about the fact that this one is especially gratuitous and inexplicable. There is literally no reason at all presenting for the romance, it's just going on and having committed 360 degrees for it. Aside from this horrible aspect of this film is dialogue, both the Japanese and English are terrible, clunky and possibly the inspiration for the Battlefield of Earth. Tristar DVDs compose the problems, make everything look pills, blur, tithes and just plain ugly, the same was for the sound. I saw the first Japanese Region 2 version and the differences are night and day, with the original vibrant colors and textures, noteworthy note, the battle scene specifically, are actually lookable. <br /> In my opinion, Heisei series is a disappointment, with the exception of Godzilla 1984 (Japanese version) there is little praise here, and Godzilla vs King Ghidora is the point of failure in this. He does not even come close to deserve his reputation and his fans become. <br /> <br /> 2 out of 10
