It was about 14 years since Sharon Stone granted viewers a cross legged human mind. And now, God knows why, he's in the game again. "Basic Instance 2" is the sequel to the erotic-breaking "Basic Instin" featuring a sexy Stone and a vulnerable Michael Douglas. However, fans of the original could not even get close to this one, since "Instinct 2" is painful film-making, as the mediocre director Michael Caton-Jones kills the legacy of the movie first. The plot of the movie begins when a car explosion breaks right at the start. Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone, trying to look strongly sexy) is a suspect and appears to be involved in the assassination. A psychiatrist (a terrible David Morrisey) is appointed to examine it, but eventually falls for an intimate game of seduction. <br /> And it is, without further explanation, the core strength that moves this "instinct". There is nothing much to explain and we must sit in a sleazy, C-class erotic film. Sharon Stone star in her first role where she is most of the time a turn-off. Part of it because of the romantic writing, the direction negligently, and heat terrifyingly low. The film is full of vulgar dialogue and even more sexuality (a menus of a three-dimensional scene was cut so that this would not be rated NC-17) than the first entry of the series. "Instinct" is a compelling turtle. <br /> <br /> At its head off, everything that made the original movie a pleasure culprit does not get anywhere in the movie. The act here is really bad. Sharon Stone has some highlights, but here it becomes extremely obnoxious. David Morrisey star in the worst role of his life, it seems never to do more than two expressions of the movie - confused and excited. "Instinct 2" is a terrible way to continue an original set of other, which manages to put in thrills and erotica very well. Paul Verhoeven, how do I miss you .... <br /> <br /> "Basic Instance 2" never sounded like a good movie and, indeed, it's not. Some films should never get out of paper, and that is the feeling you get after watching this. Now it's easier to understand why Douglas and David Cronenberg have dropped, and why Sharon Stone was expecting a big check for that .......- 3/10
