The Circle of Two situation is an intriguing one. A love is prohibited between an old aged Ashleigh (Richard Burton) and a fifteen-year-old girl Sarah Norton (Tatum O'Neill); and the question whether such an acceptable relationship to the standard of society. The problem with the Circle Two, however, is that it fails to live up to its promises. Director Jules Dassin and Hedley should put more thoughts into the scenario. When I watched this movie, I hope to learn something new about love and sexuality. Instead, I received boring dialogue, a pointless art conferencing, where Sara seemed to have more fun than Ashleigh, with a closed art scene that had lost her emotional impact. This script makes good actors look bad. So one can imagine how the film problem was composed even further and the largely amateur cast that Jules Dassin assembled. Tatum O'Neill was not in her element. I did not believe for a second that her character Sarah was in love with Ashleigh. His performance seemed superficial, as a competitor in a beauty pageant. It was as though he had forced himself to be happy when the script asked him to be happy and sad when the script asked him to be sad. The only scene I liked and it was at the very end when he said nothing at all. That was probably Sarah Norton Tatum's closest ever achievement. But Tatum was not the only one in blame. Ashleigh Richard Burton's lack of charm, charisma and the complexity of attracted even women in his own age, let alone a fifteen year old. The rest of the cast was also involved. Even the discussions were convincing, because they waited too. Who did that? Michael Wincott as Paul's ex-companion jealousy was probably the best thing in this movie, but his role was small. To just the actors, Dassin's direction leaves everyone down; but it is also true that a great movie goes beyond the script. Lolita Kubrick did this with James Mason and Sue Lyon; The Runaway Konchalovsky train went beyond the script and Jon Voight and Eric Roberts play prisoners. The directors of these films also knew how to use music to dramatize their films and reveal something about the characters in them. Despite its own scores (a combination of Antonio Vivaldi, Carl Off and Bernard Hoffer), The Two Circles never succeed in doing so. In conclusion, the idea of ​​вЂ <вЂ <a love story prohibited between an old penthouse and a young girl is good, but its execution in the Two Circle is terrible. In many ways, it's a shame that a controversial, Lolita-telling story? most movie directors for reasonable reasons would prefer to avoid ?? had not received more intelligent treatment; that a script that actors would be pleased to have repetition was not written; That actor, engaged in parties or had the talent to make the real characters, could not get; and that Jules Dassin's director (who did much better with films like Rififi and Topkapi) did not have to put his foot down and say, "Before we make any filming, we must think the love story and Review the script. "The only silver lining is that one day a smart movie on an elderly penthouse and a teenager girl falls into love one day can be done. If such a movie has ever appeared, it will surely spark conflict, debate and questions for many years to come.
