It's hard to describe this movie and one wants to try hard not to reject it too quickly because you have a feeling that this could just be the perfect movie for some 12 year old girls ... films have a nice concept- Modern version of Sleeping Beauty with a twist. She has some dreamy rather dreamy and some beautiful designs in the relationship that her boy and single mother working with her peers ... a nice start you might say, but then she got a bit vicious , very vicious, it tries to be a science fiction, a drama, a thriller, a possible romantic love story, fairy tale, a comedy and everything under the sun. The result just leaves the audience feeling rather inappropriate. For example, the scene when the girl (played by Risa Goto) was finally pulled by her kiss (Yuki Kohara), instead of being romantic, she tried to be scared in order to make us laugh after that. is a cheap trick, because it ruins all the anticipation and emotions that he tries to build for the better half of the movie. <br /> I do not read the original story of the movie is based on (it's the work well known by the comic-book artist Osamu Tezuka is famous with his intriguing and intricate story) I wonder if all the problems exists in the original story or has happened to the adaptation? It is rather logical even for someone who is used to the "fiery logic" of these Japanese comic books. For example, how Yuki Kohara manages to get to the hospital at a time (when assumed to be a long-ride bus) to run Risa Goto's character in front of the TV cameras right after he saw his live interview on TV in? There are also some scenes that are copies directly (very uncreative!) From other films rather seems free to harness. The famous "lion mouth has caugh but I" scene from the "Roman holiday" <br /> <br /> The movie tries to be everything, but ends up nothing ... it fails be a fairy tale and he did not have enough jokes to be a comedy ... and oddly some scenes that even seem like an unententional movie "ghost" but one should give it credit that he managed to capture some in the sentiment of the Japanese teenager .. It is not watching this movie I have a feeling that there might be some films that should come with a warning label that says "This movie might only be suitable for people under age 18 ", it would definitely be on the poster in this movie. <br /> <br />
