That's the question you must ask yourself when you watch this movie "What was the point?" This movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with people completely unbalanced (will not use the word actors) and a script that you might say would not exist. made me laugh much more about this movie than he said "Victorian story written by" which meant that there was actually a script in this part of the story. All the victorious sections had no dialogue, and it was just composed of shots of a guy staring at a girl and vice versa. Join the movie as scripted as a camera left on a train station. <br /> OK, time for the story. She starts out with a guy sitting in a chair never once getting out of it. Oh blocked, who needs you? People posted to come home and practically beg to tell this story about the dead girls. So it starts in the history of Victorian times. and here's how the scene goes (guy and the girls in a nice garden start playing music) (guy stares at girl) (girl stares at guy) (guy stares at girl) slashing back to film. That's pretty much all that happens for about half the movie. The rest of the movie is incredibly awkward dialogue about a bunch of models wanting to buy an apartment. So, this real estate agent shows them one and when I say the dialogue is awkward I mean, if it was a dancer he would travel during the MACARENA. None of the characters in this movie are unmatched. The models are incredibly disappointing, people are victims of talking, and the guy tells the story to have personality in a bag of onions. So eventually all the girls get killed. And do not kill off, I mean screenshots. ooh. did you show one death? And does not my death mean to keep her face until she puts her makeup on? awesome. <br /> How does this guy even know this story to entertain me. He said it because he saw it. but how? There was no guy in that apartment! The door was closed and no way out, windows were attached to a fire that was too rotten to work, how did the HELL see all that? Oh hole hole. we love you. So the movie ends with the newswoman saying "I think you've got it up. You're wasting our time" despite the fact that he asks for the interview in the first place. Whatever. This movie was stupid, freewill, and made no sense to a lot of drawn traces. I could go on and off on this movie, but I do not see the need. I would rather spend time doing something invelful. Such a thing is something. The "Threshold Hell" is more part of purgatory and 2 mute patterns. from 10.
