A group of templates seeks an apartment for living in, and shows one by one local real estate agent. Unknown models and agents, however, is that the "threshold of hell" is in the apartment and when crossed, the demon "Dethman" is called to kill everyone in his path. This story tells Sam Bishop, a journalist accused of the murders. Although I'm a low budget, microbudget, and independent film champion, I can not praise this movie. The creators take pride in the 24-hour shooting schedule and at least one actor has a lot on the DVD's great ability to act, but I can not wrap myself around this. Why do a movie in 24 hours if an additional hour or two hours of correction would make all the difference? And why pride yourself on the poor, nonsense and outcome of the bad delivery of a handful of lines? <br /> Throughout the film, the models have shown part of an apartment by a real estate agent. The dialogue is clearly ad-libbed because no scriptwriter can come up with these empty dictators. The agent, too, clearly knows nothing about housing ... it focuses on aspects of a home that no one can care about, explaining the heat source (did not he see the radiator?) And he says The gnomes issue will be resolved by calling the "Terminator". Please write a script - some deviations are fine, but this was a mess. <br /> Why were the girls moving in patterns? Their career had no point in the plot, and this seems like a forced situation. At one point, an actress crushes characters and says something the effect of "dude, they will do (angry)" that sounded more natural than any other line, though out of place because of the other bad dialogue. /> <br /> The spirit has not made any sense. I appreciate attempts to explain how the "hell threshold" jumps to random places on Earth (including fireplace apartments), but why not explain where the demon came out? His fundamentals involve a man who loves another person. How does that make you a demon? (Also, why did you need all these Victorian victories with no dialogue and glimpse on a field? It prevented.) The dramatic waters between the lines were terrible. The Sam Bishop character was by far the worst, and the interview was not far behind. Does each question require a pause, a funny face and a response ... followed by a pause, a funny face and a response? I was so frustrated. For me, the only point was to drag the time out ... but I'd rather have thirty minutes of delivery good than an hour of terrible delivery (and then more time is wasted by rolling into the same credit twice) . /> <br /> Who was the Sam Bishop character, anyway? He said he had "seen" all this and was accused of killing the girls, but again at no point he was ever in the party's story with the girls. So how did he see them? But if he did not, how did he know Dethman kill them? But if he did not see Dethman, how does he know Dethman is the spirit of apostles? I was so lost ... had even a plan for a scheme then wrote? <br /> <br /> The only part I found enjoyable in this movie was a scene with one of the models in the bathroom. Not that it was really important or anything, but it broke out only from my boredom. I ask what directors Felix Diaz thought. His music is very good (see the DVD behind the scenes to play his imprint), but I wonder about his movie ability. Although, by far the best part of the DVD was the trailer for her "Superhero Excelsior" (the trailer alone was better than this garbage ever in time). <br /> I'm sorry I must be so hard. I would like to think that this film was a test of what can be done in 24 hours or maybe just an experience for fun and the idea never made a quality movie. And if "Superhero Excelsior" is any indication, Diaz can do quality ... So why did he choose to avoid that here? Perhaps the world will never know.
