Watching Floored does not like a thought coming almost instantly in mind, "My God looks like a really bad Sitcom." Sure, it turns out that FBL is a pilot for a series that can begin this fall in Canada, poor poor Canada. Cara (Shirley Ng) and Janet (Natalie Sky) are a lesbian living couple in Vancouver. Janet came from her mother already but Cara's parents are still in the dark about their daughter's homosexuality. The pressure is about to come out even when the parents come from Malaysia for his little brother's wedding. This week British Columbia legalizes gay marriage. With Janet wanting to get married, Cara has decided if you do not tell her Chinese conservative parents that she is gay. Is it? Would it be? Could it be? Cara's situation is contrary to that of Jesse (Trent Millar). Isaiah had just declared his homosexuality in the world at the age of fourteen. His father's biological Daniel (Andrew McIlroy) will come for a visit soon. Norman stepfather (Michael Robinson) fears that his chances of finally being completely accepted by Jesse are hurt by the fact that Daniel is gay and he's not. Do you call 1-800-Help? <br /> <br /> The dialogue with delivery comes straight from a smaller 1950's program with the excessive physical emotions. The full-house home-style homegrown is enough to make you wince from time to time and the attempts of comedy to fail. McIlroy, Millar & Sky are the only performers who approve the skill of this miscalculation but given the material they have to work with, it's no surprise that no impressions. It is possible that the campaign was objective. It often seems like no way the performers are really bad, that they must be trying to imitate the incompetent sitcoms on day yore. If this is true the case then this review should probably be rewritten. The enthusiasm would focus on flooring by love being a poor and efficient throwing-up of the old sitcom. <br /> <br /> Writer / director Desiree Lim has put together a not-to-be-figurant-that's entirely forgettable. There was a time when simply having a fully open homosexual protagonist was enough to make a mark on the screen. Then go. That day we also need quality.
