I sat in this movie awaiting a thought-provoking movie based on reality. But instead gave some of the least thought out arguments against the Christian faith imaginable. For example, in an effort to prove that Christianity is naturally violent, the narrator constantly quotes the Bible without giving context, and thus changes the meaning of the text. Jesus quoted as the executioner of those who disobeyed him, when in fact, the quote is from a parable Jesus said, involving a king who then was cited. So the narrator makes it appear as if Jesus says one thing when he is actually telling a story where one of his characters tells him. This is unfair in a very obvious form. Is this really what atheism has offered the world? This film also attempts to use the success of Christ's Passion on Jesus Christ: Superstar and the Last Temptation of Christ as evidence of Christian bloodthirsty. He made no mention of the fact that the passion was the most historically accurate Bible-movie date. He did not mention any of the fact that he was actually the favorite by the bunch of critics. He then modifies a series of violent images from the Passion as if Hammer home points. Ironically, he does not mention any of the Texas Chainsaw massacre that came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment, against dramatic effects .. One thing that really bothered me was his lipstick in those who actually knew more about The subject matter did it. All the critics he interviewed were the average smoother in the Billy Graham New York Crusade's parking lot. Attempts to interview the movie was remarkable and savage author. He asked the Christians how the Christian movement began, and of course, said it started with the Holy Spirit coming to the disciples at Pentecost. What is correct (Work 2). He then gives the comment, "is not it funny how some Christians seem to know the origins of their own faith?" and continues to explain that the apostle Paul started Christianity after being stopped on Damascus. The poor chapter seems convinced that Work 9 happens before Work 2. More deception? Or is this ignorance simply? He also launched around nonsense Paul did not believe that Jesus was a real person. Are you kidding me? 1 Corinthians 15 describes Jesus' death and resurrection being witnessed by people (Paul's name in the passage) for the Corinthians in question whether they are in doubt! <br /> There are many other examples of how full of crap this 'documentary' is. But because I do not have time or patience go through them all, I'll jump straight to the end. It is evident in the whole movie that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his evangelism in the church. And the biggest point interview is PRINCIPAL CHILDHOOD! In an ultimate attempt to disprove the Christian faith, the narrator tries to make a fool from someone who gave him a detention as a child. Is that what happened as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community? Surely there are smart filmmakers attacking out who can make a documentary that is not a charge of made-up crap passing through as 'reality'.
