First let me say that I do not believe in God (if you want to use the word at heart, fine, but I do not like this word since it describes what I'm not, not what I am), but I hated this " documentary. "Production value was damaging to non-existent, citing very sadly and everything seemed to be an exercise in Brian Flemming's insecurity. <br /> <br /> Production value was terrible and Brian Flemming is clearly a director of the best. The narration sounded like it just tells about the movie all in one shot, and it did not practice at all. There was way for many umm and pauses when it should have been spoken in the movie. Animation was also very damn bad. <br /> <br /> The whole idea that Jesus is a mythical character is not taken seriously by historians and intellectual libraries. As I stated earlier, I do not believe in God, and I do not think that whether Jesus was a real man saying nothing about the existence of God. My personal view, Jesus probably was a real man but he lived in a time where there was plenty of massiah (look up the tiana apollonius) and that the stories of his life and the preaching were blown out in the further proportion of you received from his death. According to the Wikipedia article on the historicity of Jesus (and there is a good quotation for this to waste) "virtually all scholars in the fields of biblical study and history agree that Jesus was a Jewish teacher from Galilee who was considered a Healer was baptized by John, accused of sedition against the Roman Empire, and on the orders of the Roman governor Roman Pons Pilate sentenced to death by crucifixion. "I left asking the end of the document if it was more about the insecurity director than anything else. I was wondering if she was trying to convince herself more than anyone else. The toughest example of this is the final interview he and the religious director. He does not even koy on him. The way he taught the teacher is unfair and while agreeing with the principal, the child instruction on fire is a bad thing, as Flemming confronted the principal was just left to look. Flemming had a chance maybe find a good discussion going, if he had more tactiles and his interview. Instead it comes in aggressively and "is not it bad to teach kids this thing." The guy interrupted the short interviews and I mean, what he expected, the principal said, "Oh yeah, I see it is, I've seen the light, this will now be a secular school?" It seems that Flemming is getting revenge for what he feels wrong to do in childhood. This is not about the documentary, this is about Flemming's insecurity, and there is nothing to do with the assumed subject of the documentary. Flemming shows what he really is doing here, and that's the real fall of this so-called documentary.
