One of the most popular locations in my local video store is Borat or Departed but a 2005 documentary about Jesus Christ is called by the director of Brian Flemming, a former Christian fundamentalist. Flemming, in his 62-minute documentary, asserts that Jesus was not a historical figure, but a legend based solely on Pagan Traditions. Using interviews with authors, philosophers, and historians debunk the Christian belief that long ago Jesus, the Son of God, lived among men, was crucified, and was resurrected, Flemming compared the story of Christ to those which in the figure of Kittis Isis and Osiris in Egypt, Dionysus and Adonis of Greek mythology, and Roman mythology such as Mithraism and found many astounding similarities. In addition to proof of pagan cultures, he also stated that the earliest sources of the history of Christ, the four Gospels, were written forty or fifty years after the date of Jesus' crucifixion and the letters in St. Paul's epistle little evidence that Jesus is a face and blood. Flemming, unfortunately, does not come out to make a solid investigation into the truth about Jesus' life but to use the subject only as a point of departure for a full-fledged attack on Christianity and all religions. Most of the interviews are with those philosophical aligned to the director including atheists providing such Biolog Richard Dawkins and author Sam Price. The only Christians interviewed are those on the fringe such as Scott Butcher, the creator of the website looking for Laptops.com, and Ronald Sipus, the principal Christian principal of the Christian Village, which Flemming went to a boy. Like Michael Moore's interview at Charlton Heston in Bowling for Columbine, his interview with Sipus is so constrained that Sipus walked out of the middle. In a sarcastic tone, Flemming tells us how evil Christians were wrong about the sun spinning around the earth, then atrocities pointed to the name of Christianity as those by Charles Manson's leader who killed 11 people and Dena Schlosser, who cut her baby's arms for God. He also asserted a statement from a book by LaHaye and Jenkins saying that Christians "look forward to the day when all non-Christians are thrown into a lake of fire, screams and jumps." For further turning towards Christianity, Flemming shows us extending clips from Christ Pass to Mel Gibson, detailed in minute details of each scene of violence and torture. What could be a serious discussion about a very interesting topic would eventually become a luxurious child and a controversy against all religions. In the process of condemnation of those who used Christianity to commit unspeakable acts, he ignored these people as socialist Muriel Lester, a famous Christian Christian, Rigoberta Menchú Tum, a Mayan Indian in Guatemala who helped find the Revolutionary Christian and received the prize Nobel peace in recognition of his work for social justice, and Mother Teresa, whose work was about respect for each and every one's worth and dignity. <br /> <br /> Its toughest argument is the comparison of Christian doctrines and pagan cultures and makes some good points, but Flemming does not tell us that while some aspects of these cultures can look like Christian doctrines, There is no text or source of material for these 300 years ago, long after the New Testament. It is also important to note a big difference. The immediate goal of the initiatives was a mystical experience that led to the feeling of unionism and gods. This is Christianity Anatomy which believes that a Church hierarchy including priests and bishops all the way up to the Pope are required to interpret the will of God to mankind. <br /> <br /> Although I'm not a Christian and there are some doubts about whether Jesus Christ was in fact a historical figure, the truth is that, in the long scheme of things, it may not there are problems. What is important is that a message was presented to mankind and spread around the world that contributed to human evolution. Whatever distortions and crimes later committed in his name and there was so much, Christianity as it was conceived was a doctrine of compassion and love, and a moral and ethical code that raised respect for our fellowman. I applaud the fact that the film was made and discussed by a taboo subject, which is seriously needed is not another divisive attempt to use religion as a field of combat but to see it as a common thread that can bring people in the world together. While there is room for debate and discussion on religious subjects, in the words of Annie Besant, "spiritual truths are best seen in the clear air of fraternity and respect for one another. God is not here There is only recommended for people Having the idea A good time is garbage to other people.
