Let me begin by saying that I totally agree with the basic thesis of the film, that there probably was no historical Jesus and Christianity is a shame. With that said, this movie does a very poor job of proving thesis. It makes good argument - the difference between Jesus' theoretical life and writing in the Gospels, filled only by the writing of Paul, which does not indicate a historical Jesus - and then completely neglecting compelling arguments. It makes broad declarations without presenting the evidence based statements, and it consolidates ignoring counter-argument presented by Christian apologists. The intellectual injustice, emotional manipulation, and the lack of serious arguments are obvious, and stunning. The only Christians we hear in the movie are the top old school cinema - who comes as a reasonable, rational person trying to cope with a twit and a chip on his shoulders - and various Christians encountered apparently at random a parking. I'm sorry, but revealing that average Christians do not know much about religion are not exactly dangerous evidence of fraud in Christianity. You may as well claim that Jay Leno has disproved the existence of Michael Dukakis on his Jay-Mark Segment. Interviews and experts can be interesting, but the film is full of too much of, is to be honest, the movie is just snarky. In the first five minutes the movie was already conflated Jerry Falwell and Charles Manson and the writers of the series Behind Behind and the Davidians Branch. And in the end, the film gets so self-centered that there's no rational argument left, just a mad former Christian lashing out of the people and where he blames for his kids messed up. Y'know, maybe that this movie could be interesting, but he moved to a documentary about the historicity of Jesus, and is so self-acclaim as to blame any sympathy. This is a Michael Moore film without the humor or film-making act combined with a Richard Dawkins book without understanding the intellectual or difficulty. Skip it.
