Jack London's life was certainly colorful enough for a dozen films on different aspects of it. Sad to say even though his life was used for films there were some propaganda during the war season that put the best figure on some of the younger parties attracted to his character. Jack London has seen the age of 40 when he died writing some of the best stories around. He wrote about what he knew, but he also wrote as everyone else brought the luggage to his own life experiences with him. Some of these experiences in another day and when condemned as racists. But this was World War II and London was a great believer in the 'yellow hazards' as it was called back in the day. The third of the film covers his life as a writer, we see his year as a seaman from where he received the inspiration for the Sea Wolf. We see him up in the Yukon in a miner's cabin with a dog that had no doubt his inspiration for the Call in the wild. London was able to take the spirit of adventure that his life was all about paperwork for the world to enjoy ever since. <br /> <br /> The third final faced with his time as a war correspondent covering Russo-Japanese War. London was a socialist, but socialist did not involve Oriental. Like a few million others he saw the immigration rising in Chinese and Japanese on our Pacific Coast as a threat to work for the white people. He advocates strict immigration policy for Oriental. <br /> <br /> The movie puts the cart in front of the horse. London presented as a man who saw because he was in the hands of the Japanese-Japanese War that Japan's ambitions were and for that reason was like Xenophob as it was. Current types of atrocities present in the Second World War did not exist during the Russo-Japanese conflict. Japan was its Imperial ambition, but so everyone else included the USA at that time. But our immigration policy caused by pressure from our West Coast politicians has been a major factor contributing to the deterioration of relations with Japan over a couple of generations. London was part of the cause by a prophet weeping in the wilderness. This film was the first independent production of Samuel Bronston who later made some films and a bit more budget than Jack London. There was a bit more money Bronston could get James Cagney or Spencer Tracy, both that would be good for the role. Instead they were Michael O'Shea who made his second film after Lady of Burlesque. O'Shea is fine at the party, but certainly there was no box office. <br /> As London is covering the war, it meets with a Captain Tanaka played by Leonard Strong, an actor who specializes in the Oriental and played a tone in the Second World War. From the vantage point in 1905 Strongly explained to Japan's best Fu Manchu Imperial tradition aimed at taking the USA eventually. You must go on the big and the swing change mobs. <br /> <br /> A lot of courses are left out of London's life including a first wife. Playing the second and single wives in this movie is Susan Hayward who only comes to the movie when she halves over. I wish we would see more of it. Charmian Kittredge London survived her husband by almost 40 years dead in 1955. O'Shea actually met and married the leading lady in her life at Jack London. Virginia Mayo has a small role in Jack London and is married for 30 years until O'Shea died in 1973. Perhaps one day we'll get a look at Jack London that will be a lot good than this one.
