Italian born Eleonora was inherited from his dying lover Karl, an ultra-modern home and isolated in the middle of the woods. It's winter and it meets Leslie and is looking for mysticism, which eventually ends up not just just looking after the house, but also in this Eleonora, as it tries to adapt to its new surroundings and a growing attraction between the couple. <br /> <br> What did I expect? A thriller indeed, but it was not so good. That's just the advertising on the package for ya! I'm quite complicated about everything. The title, story and motivation. So, how to rank it? Well, this drama wooden character is more an enigmatically Moody romance tied-story of alienation, possession and dependence twist into a complicated intricate relationship of two masked people. Co-writer (along with William Dafoe) and film director Giada Colagrande is just too clinically, far and calculated with his mysterious metaphor story, which he let you question what it all really means? although when suddenly it constitutes, you will think why I should actually care for. What we go to feel eye and ponderous exposure to dead time is that focuses on insignificant details and images. Sterile dialogues can contribute to a lot of leftovers, but more so do for a lead experience, as it never delves deep enough. As he believes he does. Sexual activity is filtered into just never convinced and distant from eroticism. They are kind of a ball of the already sluggish ball. The basis of the plot makes for something interesting and cool, but it never fulfills and I thought it will be more of it then all this sad persistent. Colagrande's direction is professional stylish and decently gloomy wanting to imagine, but everything feels like it's slow motion and can be admired to admire a prestigious same opinion. Most of the action remains in one place ?? the House. Camera-work is potentially stealthy, but the music notes stars can get a bit ridiculous when it goes for some dramatically signature signatures that use little sense and purpose scenes. Giada Colagrande plays her sensual and William Dafoe sleeping the party. It looks like tired dogs! While Seymour Cassel, pokes herself in now and then. Just where it is heading, is to guess anyone. Well, that's if you can wait around it. I think I'll give him the benefit of the doubt, as it's definitely not what I expected from this movie from Indie.
