I respect Alex Cox filmmaker, I really do. It is like the kid of the school that you think of first is just trying a little too hard to be "different", a punk-rocker literary who dipped her more than her feet in western spaghetti and science fiction and marginal-culture and out the world ready to take s *** over ... but then you see what it can actually do, the talent and raw artistic fiction and moments of true absurd hilarity that can be 'and you are ready to see everything it has to offer. But there are two places in her proverbial coin: it can either really hit her out of the park (Repo Man, Sid & Nancy, Walker arguably) or just try just a little too hard and pull too many rabbits to fire out in the hat (Straight to Hell). Death and the Compass fell into the letter category, and while respecting its original approach oriented in addressing a detective-bloodthirsty story, it too fell on its face and unusual it became weird dull. There is a strange enough set-up and already unrepeatable style to follow: a detective, Erik Lonnrot, is after an assassin with a hell-fire voice, Red (something), and it seems that the killer will leave disturbing indications with his victim They: Scrawled in the blood on the walls is the message that, according to Witness Alonso Zunz (Christopher Eccleston looking like she just went to Grave Shallow without changing her look) has the religious significance of the Kabal. We follow Lonnrot on his case, and its methods will be after the perp, including those first in a triangular pattern and then compassed on the map - this despite the protests of the Flabbergasted Commissioner Treviranus (Miguel Sandoval), who looks back at flash-forwards sitting at an office and speaks to the audience of ominous and sad outcry his senior officer and colleague after the fact of the case. Oh, Cox has its moments of creativity and interest, as an injection where we see the depth scope of the police station where Eccleston's character takes in menopause ("For its own protection" says Lonnrot in the case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we follow in a time to follow injection-perhaps better or just more curious-where we are taking in very dark and very small directions, lost in the maze of turns and oddities among the characters. And it's never something that's not fascinating in the * look *, and Miguel Miguel Garzon's a fun morbid. But the plot goes to hool-hoops to keep things so off-beat it might as well be beat-less all-along. Their performance, saved for a trusted Boyle and for Eccleston at the very end, are very bad, especially Sandoval who just looks squirm in place to recite the jumping dialogue to give him talk at the audience. While the murder plot itself has an intention for the audience that this is not something we've seen before, that it's in a society that has a very good carpet and architecture suggests next Alphaville's waves decad, it's also the fizzle out very quickly. What's the conflict here? I have never been much engaged with Boyle's own personal mission to get this killer, and only mildly caught in some of the disruptive flash flash of the killer (and / or killer) gone after people like in the early building on (Cox himself has a fun comedy). And just when I began to think that it had led to something spectacular, and Boyle and Eccleston in that big ("not as great as you think") buildings in the south section of the city, it suddenly gives us a "twist" which we know in the back of our mind is coming but hope is not, and it slows down any of the humdrum mystery that has led up to. For all that Cox's sickness as a cinema, for all of his opposition to spoon-eating the audience with a 'conventional' approach, which I respect, death and the Compass finally cut one into the brain-stem; it's masturbator.
