Uwe Boll's name is automatically linked to bad movie / movie cinema and its new movie releases ?? which is about two, three per year? Immediately still receive negative assessments and harsh criticisms. You are actually almost tempted to think that this is just a contemporary hype. You know, as it's popular to hate Uwe Boll if you liked his movie or not. Let me just make sure this is NOT the case. Uwe Boll is a terrible writer / director and quite frankly a threat to the entire film-making industry. "Seeds" is another of the most unfortunate evidence. In here, Boll tries so desperately hard to come across as controversial and shocking that it gives many other elements that any movie essentially needs to exist, such as a scheme, narrative structure, character development, building tension ?? "Seeds" is a horrible film, full of free and incompetent padding films. I once read that "Pills" was Uwe Boll's interpretation of the popular popular horror trend in Porn Porn breasts, but that's not even closed. The film inarguably borrows some influence from "Saw" and "Hostel", but basically it's just another math math with an indestructible killer and video game violence. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of "Pills" are beyond boring and actually just confirming all the obvious things you already know went on to happen. To see, Boll was stupid enough to start his movie with a hyper-fast hyper-explicit text explaining that there was a US federal law claiming that death row prisoners would be free if three attempts to be fired were failing. So you know this will happen later on, but still the first three quarters are wasted on catching a serial killer and carrying it into the electric chair. Seed is a mute serial killer who allegedly killed 666 victims (exaggerated?) Which puts a bag on his head. She looks at the wonderful creature of creatures of creatures (and so we'll see real fox real creatures; thank you to Mr. Boll) and people like the decomposition slowly into the wineries (including a crying baby who is really sick and twisted). When he was finally captured, during the most armed police and police plugs ever filmed, and putting on death ranks, the movie even became much delayed. After being buried alive because the electric chair could not fry him, Max Paws crawls back to the surface and go on a new killing brand spree; This time especially focuses on those who have been arrested and executed. <br /> <br /> The nonsense conspicuous torsion and complete lack of depth history of this movie go past way was just bad; They are outright empowering and insulting intelligence levels in the average horror movie fan. Multiple twists and tracks sub of "Pills" are simply impossible to accept by reasonable reason the human function because they're just too dumb! Nobody believes that the cops and prison staff members will just bury a living dead murderer without shooting a few bullets in his head first. Nobody will accept that a convicted rescuer can not get for another six months even though he goes straight back to the precise even pride place where they first caught him! "Seeds" are all delaying little things like that and the movie gets dumber and every minute. Personally, I refused to accept that the cast members & crew did not notice this too. It really makes you think Uwe Boll simply neglects all the advice and criticisms, and just stubbornly his movies as he wants. I imagine what it calls him "close and do as you are told" to his actors every time they notice that the scene is shooting by making a niche of sense. <br /> <br /> Just for fun in troubling people, there's a gigantically overlong sequence where Max Seeds breaks an elderly lady to death with a hammer whilst being tied to a chair in the middle of its own living room li. Instead of shocking, as Boll intends to read, the sequence of masters outlined how pathetic and wannabe controversial film at all in reality is. "Seeds" is horrendous, it's disgusting, it's brutal, it's ?? Boll.
