Short version: Seeds are worthless. It's just deceptive and inferior. And soulless. <br /> <br /> Long Version: If you have never seen any of the films that really contain the "psychological horror" genre, this movie will probably melt your face. Perhaps not, but it will give you a good burn. Mounting of the openings of real animal abuse will be enough to open your eyes to brutality-on-video, and (only) memorable Gore scenes later in the movie will probably be more than you can handle. The bigger point is playing with your emotions in such a way that maybe there is no other movie there. <br /> But that's if you do not have much experience with the genre. If you've seen the real thing ... "Underground Underground in August," for example, you will, as I did, find it very hard to stay awake until the end of the movie. The reviews compared this to the old video nasties. I understand that. Like the video nasties, "Pills" are more violent than a mainstream and less subtle horror movie. But the reason video nasties are still known to us not only for the above reasons - those still popular there was something special. My permit to be ambiguous, I think you will understand: those who have stuck around had "soul". Take this quote from Gabriele Crisanti, director of "Grand Teresa," on an interview on the new-Which DVD: "We will never have more movie like these, because today, technology has imagination, imagination and technology is cold .. So many things will disappear because small movies like these will not produce yet Today we have great, exceptional tricks that are very expensive but are cold Today a horror, a horror movie types cost more than a million dollars .. These films are not so expensive ... are real effects, made with our hands. " <br /> <br /> Perhaps it is wrong to take the comparison to old school horror so badly. But Crisanti hit the nail on the head. Even in most exploits, the best of the video nasties were pursued by a primitive "truth." And this is where Boll falls short. It's like seeing the movies and not understanding them. All on the list is there ... BS on "making a statement on humanity," an obscene torture scene, etc. But it is, as Crisanti puts it, "cold." The Gore is all CGI. The whole thing feels like scenes pieced together in other movies in different styles. And the rhythm is sooooo slow. Man, so slow. Another interesting note: The Gore scene really reminds me of a video game. <br /> In every way, enough BS. Weak movie.
