The first ... I never considered myself a Uwe Boll Hater since I think I never even saw one of her movies, but after seeing this cheap excuse for a movie called "Seeds" (which is The name of the movie series killer is over) I close to joining the hated club. This movie makes absolutely no sense of all ... The plot is a joke and although Boll clearly attempts to get attention by shocking 90% of the movie is just plain boredom. You can sum up this movie as follows: <br /> <br /> 1. Killer killer watching the animal clips are getting tortured on TV. This is real life footage from rocket farms and the open film and the ridiculous reason to "make a statement on humanity" and to provide a firewall address. Since this movie has no message at all and is the worst piece of porn-exploitation you already have a reason to hate the movie from the beginning part. Death by electrocution and a pretext that gives what happens later in this movie is printed on screen for every delay it becomes. Cops watch videos about animals, infants and hungry women of death and decomposition of basal seeds, with stupid nightmare and crying in the whiskey because pills are like a bad bread. Although the act is OK the movie takes a dip every time it tries to incorporate any emotions ... <br /> 4. Bubble Cops Seeds in her house, acting stupid and getting slashed in the dark. This sequence reminds me of a video game, you barely see anything except flashlight. Seeds are a super killer that is everywhere at once and all cops acting stupid enough to be killed ... except for someone who busts him. Seeds will receive the seat and see its electro-plot as long as anything else in "this film" ... it will not die and we note in the opening statement that it must be set free if it continues to live 3 electric yellow. Guess what ... they just buried it alive to solve the problem. Seeds come out of his grave, killing everyone in another party and then pick the main captain to take revenge on. A woman gets herself bashed in with a hammer in an endless sequence from a point of view just for the fun and shocking value of her. <br /> <br /> 8. Seeds capture family cops, attracting her home, threatening to kill his wife and daughter. After killing his wife with a knife nail gun shooting himself at the head considering what is desired (it's hard to get to the top man since he's not just wearing his mask even in prison, but he never utters a word. The movie has barely any dialogue anyway so does not mind). Boll goes for a nihilistic shocker where the daughter's cradle and dad die as rotten as we saw in video on sequence 3. <br /> This is it ... there is no message, no scheme, no There is no reason, no face behind the mask, no background except a stupid story that pills burned like a child. <br /> <br /> This movie depends purely on some key performances and shock values. I hardly recall an empty film in any emotion or message or entertainment. It looks like Outground Underground ... thats fine with me, some people will enjoy this brainless mourr. But this is really hard to stand on it is the pseudo-message at the beginning and the fact that the film is well-considered camera-work, the effect and even acting is too good for this cellulose garbage. <br /> So how does Boll get money for making these "movies" when thousands of talented directors work on budget shoestring ?? "Seeds" are not just the ridiculous sense of its living proof that the free market is flawed ... The odds that the German taxpayer pays for a lot of this trash is deducted.
