The "National Treasury" (2004) is a fraudulent fraudulent fraudulent prisoner of almost all clothing and dagger cliché government plots ever written. The movie stars Nicholas Cage as Benjamin Franklin Gates (how precious is that, I ask you?); A similar norm, which, for no other reason, was in a line of like-minded fortune-defracted fortunes, decided to steal a 'national treasure' hidden from the United States founding fathers. After a bit of subtle and backgrounds that play ridiculously (involuntarily) as Indiana Jones meets the Patriot, the movie degenerates into one whimsy fool after another? try to create a 'Stanley Goodspeed' regulation in Nicholas Cage and launch all the misleading troubles ahead with a series of high octane, but disconnected misadventures. The report and logic of George Washington and his motley crew of patriots buried a royal ranson somewhere on native land, and then went to the meticulous plan to leave clues Spreading through all US art work, it is one that Jon Turteltaub's director never got around to explain. Could not Washington get his best for these wealthies during the start up of the country? Therefore, we leave with a mystery built on top of an enigma that is already on earth unstable by the time Ben appointed himself the new guardian of this countless wealth. Ben's intentions are noble ?? if confusing. It puts on protecting the treasure. For who and when ??? Your guess is as good as me. <br /> But there are some issues with Ben's crusade. First, his friend, Ian Holmes (Sean Bean) decided that he can not wait for Ben to make his mind about stealing the Declaration of Independence in the National Archives (oh, yes brilliant idea!). Obviously, the back of this famous document holds the secret secretion of the ultimate fortune. So Ian tries to kill Ben. The assassination accident is, of course, unsuccessful, if overly melodramatic. He also gave Ben the opportunity to pick up and pick on, the curious curator of the archives, Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger). He thinks Ben is clearly a black ?? at least at the beginning. But true action / shape romance, Abby's resolution melts faster than you can say, "is that the Hope Diamond?" The movie is moving in full X-File-inch mode, as the FBI, mistakenly believes that Ben is behind the flight, retaliation in various Benign ways that leads to a multi-stratification of action sequences of Impossible Mission to meet the fugitive. Honestly, does not the guys ever find 'intelligence' correct information? In the final analysis, "National Treasure" is not great movie making, so much as it is a surfing board of old tired bits of other movies, knit together in the rest, the love that would make the 'Betsy Ross Blush'. /> <br /> Buena Vista DVD delivers a more generous treatment than this movie worthy of. Anamorphic anamorphic pictures show a very detailed and finely detailed image with very rich colors, natural tones, solid and clean white nuts. The image also styles free of defects and digital upgrades. The audio is 5.1 and delivers a nice Sonic sound around you and those who speak behind with intensity and realism. Extras includes a host of promotional junket materials that are rather deep and on the top of its explanation of how and why this movie has made. If only, as a hearing, we had more clarification as to why Ben and Co. They were chased after an illusory treasure, this might be a good flick of films. Extras are concluded with the theater trailer, audio books and deleted scenes. Not for the faint-heart ?? just the thick-headed.
