I watched this movie last night on one of pay-per-view channels, and while watching her I quickly asked why I was bothered. In all honesty I really hoped something more out of this movie. Maybe something on the lines of 'Conspiracy theories'. Why? Perhaps because of the casting. I mean, Nicolas Cage and Harvey Keitel, after all. Not to mention Jon Voight and Christopher Plummer. Now I ask, why have they been disrupted? But instead of an absorbing action cum mystery was caught in a flush of rubbish on a 'Goonies', which in my great surprise seems to have won some current criticism. Maybe it's because the 'Gooni' were clearly targeted toward the pre-teen audiences and teenagers. While 'National Treasures', judging from the forecasts, was seriously intended to appeal to an adult hearing. <br /> <br /> Suspension of Unbelief is one thing. It's how one can enjoy sci-fi and horror. But I found myself actually resisting the tablespace of paranoid and conspiracy-laden crises being pushed to the audience. Oh, the senarist threw around all the jargon intended to evoke a seriously interesting sense of engaging. "Wow! Masons. The Knights Templars You know, this might really be true!" I think the writer really loses me when Gates tells the founding father to hide the treasure from the hands of the British! And just did the Knights Templar come out? New Jersey? Oh, I forgot. From France! Which goes a long way to explain how it ended in Philadelphia during the Revolution. He was brought by the agent to Napoleon! Anyway, you see what I'm getting in. The movie is interesting. And I really thought he could succeed as a serious mystery drama. But it just comes as another kid's movie of grown-up clothes. At the end I think he asks the audience not to simply stop believing but to render himself voluntarily ignorant of an insulting degree. I just finished watching several articles by Werner Herzog and Istvan Szabo. It is a change shock from fine foods to Hollywood Big Mac and Fries. <br /> <br /> Well, okay. If you pants on chases, explosions, and gimmickry gee-whiz you will enjoy 'National Treasure'. But it's the sort of movie, well, did you ever stand outside a movie waiting to get in while the audience first came out? And all the young kids are talking excitably among themselves and says things like, "Wow! Did you see how this thing was blown up? That was so cool!" 'Treasure National' is that kind of movie.
