Nick Cage is Gates, a treasure hunter (oh, my excuse ... treasure "protection", whichever means) who came down from a long line of treasure hunter. One of his ancestors gave a sign of a great treasure to our founding father, most if not all Freemasons, decided to hide because they just did not want to finance their independence all wrong. <br /> <br /> The first sign turns out to be a long pirate ship in the Arctic. Gates and his crew, including financier Ian (Sean Bean), Dork Riley (Justin Bartha of the Immortal "Gigli") and a couple of ankeys lackeys, entrusted to the cargo of the boat. They immediately spread tons of powder for everywhere on the floor, not that this is significant in any way. In the last find the sign (a skeleton is on it) and it turns out to have a tap and write ... about it. Sort of. Do not ask me to explain. <br /> It's an account, and despite the fact that his expedition is clearly miffed in by finding the current treasure, Gates wanders around the yammering himself on the meaning of the account, to keep this cargo frozen, while The crew is just standing around sling-jaws. I mean, come on. Someone should have a little vocal in their deception to come all the way to the freaking acticum and not find anything interesting, but they just stand there as Gates enters his own world, to settle the account. The next sign turns out to be about the Declaration of Independence. Ian decided to steal it. Gates is surprised. Various characters deliver gratingly obvious displays (get used to it). All this leads to the lack of Ian pulling a gun on Gates, and the powder that goes through a huge explosion. (oh, that's why they shed all the chicken gun! Huh !!) Ian and henchmen make their escape, and Gates and Movie Dork Riley walk nine kilometers to the subzero temperature in an Inuit village in order to stop them. <br /> <br /> <To stop them, Gates concludes after attempting the FBI and Super Archist Abigail Chase (Diane Kruger), Gates and Riley have to steal themselves. Riley then tells Gates to detour the details why they can not steal the Statement, because it's so protected with metal and laser eyes and high tech blah blah. Gates then tells Riley that there is an opportunity to steal it from the Preservation Room. Does Riley know what the Preservation Room is, Gates asked? "A place to make jams and jelly?" I do not complain; this is the current line. Bartha does not deliver it as a joke, either. So, Riley does all this research on the Congressional Library and Archives with water and sewage, fercryinoutloud, but she does not know what the Preservation Room is. This pretty much indicates which level of script is about. <br /> For the rest of this short, Gates does in fact make off with the D in me, at a break-in that can only happen in a movie. (I also hate how to describe computer-controlled technology in movies - full of improbable graphics and inimitable and police.) Abigail Chase ends up tagging together for convenience, and as an "interest interest" event. At one point, three of them, on the run from the law, discuss all the plans really loud in a clothing store, surrounded by people. A series of clues with the kidnapping of Gates father, played by a dyspeptic voicemoon Jon, leads good guys and bad guys looks like a great Indiana Jones-fun house located under New York City. The odors that the train builders have never found this. Gates and senior lead gates cut off on a wild goose run. It is believed that they are trapped in a culture-of-sack with the leaves. However, after going, Riley wondered how to get out. Gates ... <br /> <br /> ... oh boy ... <br /> <br /> ... press a button and open the door. No, I'm serious. One button, as they might have on a vacu-flush sink in an office building. The good thing she knew where it was. Anyway, after some more knob-twiddling, they find this immense treasure room (remember, this is all under Manhattan!) Fill in all sorts of stories of these golden things. Riley gets a really stupid line. Again. And FBI officers Harvey Keitel forgave them, arrest Sean Bean, and allowed two chemistry-less leads to couples. <br /> <br /> For any viewer, I think it would be hard to ignore all the exposure, leaps into logic, and the stereotyped characters for a lot of time. Though some of its exhibits involve beautiful story lessons into conversations at random. I would like more conversations like this in my life.
