John Carpenter's career is about whether this sad excuse for a movie is any indication. His apology is that he only produced it. Jon Bon Jovi looks like a girl. In fact, Bon Jovi and the two Vampire girls, Natasha Wagner and Arly Jover probably all fit in the same clothes. In short, it was hard to say that one had cummed into an anorexic ramp-pattern in style. Good jovi has the most charisma. At least it looks happy when it smiles. Two Vampire girls in the other hand are all cramps and complaints. At one point they give each other a wet kiss, but stop. Amazing how every Vampire movie has some morays series for the respective vampires. At one point, Arly Jover will give the fellatio a very dumb Vampire dog and then sucks her blood while doing sex. It would be an erotic moment except that he was filmed as a total goof, and the male actor looked lustfully amused as he watched Arly Jover move himself to imitate something that was very obviously not happening. As far as Gore is concerned, a few heads are torn off, and the blood spurts profusely. These scenes have a little suspense or build-up that when it comes to it is almost funny, and there is no "horror" pay-off from the scene. All you get as a member of the audience is a feeling of "Wow, which sure was a lot of red paint splattering on the walls. I wonder who should clean it." Throughout the movie, these Vampires Hunters are obviously trying to kill Arly Jover (Vampire's head in the world ??) caught up out of it. At one point, Bon Jovi entered the Church abandoned and after he just shot it with an arrow (and he did that on other occasions), he said "I'm not trying to hurt you. I just want to talk to you wants to get to know you. "HUH ?? Of course, the mummy vampire Arly jumps from saying hello and Bon Jovi to his staff again with another impaling device. "Why can not we be friends" 1970 songs hit 1970 by wars should be the theme song for this movie. Aside from all the other funny moments, there is a transition sequence when Natasha Wagner has all San Vampire removal, and the city people all the way up to blood for transfusion. I guess blood type is not important? Whatever, all without Vampire he removed. Bon Jovi then decided that if that blood transfusions in him, he may be defeated by Arly by becoming a vampire too. Of course, as the vampire blood transplanted into him, none of his blood health is removed. So, apparently Bon Jovi is walking around and twice as much as anyone can have in his body. And just like the VAMPIRES at first, this one also has the vampires-blazing-in-flame special effects.
