Living Live is set up in some Chinese / Japanese Asian design places as five American friends, Sarah (Ashley Schappert), Emily (Taayla Markell), Linda (Caroline Chojnacki), Mike (Lee Tichon) & Darren (Rob Scattergood) enjoy a night on the city & take in the sights. After a scuffle at a bar with a Japanese boss triad (Stephen Chang) they decide to check out a porn theater, as you would. Inside are separated and quickly find that the place belongs to the triad boss who uses it to torture & murder for reasons that are not made clear. Can the Canadian local boys (Kevan Ohtsji) save them? This Canadian production was co-written, produced & directed by Ryan Nicholson who also became a designer effect designer credit as well, one said that Live Care is another nice low budget low shot on a movie The type of camcorder film that looks only exists in cash in the notoriety & success at home (2005) & the mini craze for 'torture porn' as it gets known. Under the IMDb 'Trivia' section for Live Feed Screen & Director Nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities taking place in live sex theater, for my money to settle it after writing after hosting! The script is very poor, there is no basic reason given as to why this porn theater has a large fat freak ugly dressed in slave coveted gear around tortured & murderous, none. Was it for the triads? Did he want it? Did he make smoker movies to sell? Some sort of explanation would have been nice. Also why it turns on the triad boss to the end? If you are looking for a movie and a coherent story then forget about Live Feed. It seemed to me to be some sort of mixing lies in sex, S & M, horror, torture, gore & movie action not coming there. I mean just wearing a horror movie in a porn theater by automatically going to make your movie any good, there still need to be an extreme script & story, right? The character was fairly poor and some of the actions & motivations were more than a little doubt. It moves together at a reasonable pace, it's just a sleazy mixed gore, sex & nudity but it looks cheap that reduces the effect. Nicholson's director does nothing special here, the correction is COPYLE & annoying, it seems to think almost every scene and light neon is a good idea & the movie has a cheap look on it. Available in both 'R' & 'Unrated' versions I saw the shorter cut 'R' version that really is not gory, but I'm prepared to give the benefit of doubt to the 'Unrated' version & say it would Many, many guys but I can not say for sure. There's a fair amount of stripping too if that's your thing. I would not say that there is plenty of an atmosphere or a lot of crisis here because there is no & no, although it has a dry tone in general that is something he goes for it I suppose. /> Teknikman Live Feed is not terribly impressive, the blood seems a little too water for my dreamers & scenes everybody bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes make it hard to say what's happening, it often seems to have fired on a Hand-held camcorder & corruption in the COPY at least on the 'R' rated version is at times an annoying mess. Inflation aside from a current porn theater somewhere in Vancouver in Canada. The poor act, sometimes I could not tell if the actresses of this were supposed to be crying or laughing ... <br /> <br /> Live Feed is not a movie I'd recommend for anyone running out Buying or renting, I did not think much of it and it's very weak predictable scenario lacking exhibits & that goes nowhere, poor acting & less than impressive Gore (at least in the cut 'R' off anyway). Watch either movie hosting again or rather than being superior.
