First of all, the actor has to play Jesus has blue eyes ... half the actors to play the Jews have blue eyes. Are there not enough brown-eyed actors out there? Jesus showed that blue eyes are one of my pet peeves. He was a Jew full of blood! Second of all, what is it with old English-language movies that should take place in non-English speaking countries, and everyone has English accents? (Another example is "David Zhivago" David Lean.) Is not there enough Jewish actors or actors who can make an Israeli accent? The film is often not true in the Scriptures, and thus seems to doubt the legitimacy of Jesus' claim to be the Messiah. In the Bible, when Jesus was baptized by John, a voice from heaven said, "This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased" (Matthew 3:17, Mark 1:11, Luke 3:22). In the movie, John says that! The scenario seems to try to show their believers as crazy, as well. For example, in the Bible, the angel Gabriel tells Mary that she will be pregnant with the Son of God (Luke 1: 26-38), but in the movie we do not see or hear any angel - Mary seems to speak to a moon and when Mary's mother heard her talking to someone and peeks in her, she did not hear or see anyone either. Also, in the movie, when Jesus was talking to the Pharisees in the temple in Jerusalem, he said, "You will not see me here again, until you learn to cry, 'Blessed are those who come in the Lord's name "For me and my father are one and the same." The correct line (Matthew 23:39 and Luke 13:35) is "You will not see me until you say, 'Blessed are those who come in the name of the Lord. '"Period. Jesus never claimed to be God. The film cuts out a lot of important parts (Sermon on the mountain is very exploding), but then spends a lot of time on things that are not even in the Bible (a whole scene with Mary Magdalena talking to a John). It seems like the senarist, instead of wanting to make a movie version of the Scriptures, wanted to make a movie about what he thought might have really happened behind (and between) the scenes. The movie has one gem though - during the scene where Jesus tells the parable of the Prodigal Son, in Matthew's tax collector's house, I had tears streaming down my face. It is the best movie I've seen on Jesus' ministry (but that does not mean much, because others are just awful). "Jesus Christ Superstar" is my favorite movie about Jesus 'last days ("Christ's passion" is way too graphic), though I love "Jesus of Nazareth," instead of just finishing with Jesus' death, continue to show his resurrection.
