... though for a movie that seems to be trying to market itself as a horror, there was a lack of blood. <br /> There was also a different lack of skilled LED, acting, editing, and script-writing. Jeremy London put in one of my most awesome performance ever seen - "her descent into the maelstrom" of madness is achingly self-aware and clumsy. Oh look at his shrinkage! Oh watch him drink strong spirit! Oh look at him lifting his head, and cock herself at an angle of incubator! Oh look at his wash, fat bald hair! Oh listen to voices that affect her husky! It must be a tortured artist / writer / genius art! Oh, yes, come out the poet-shirt - it's another boy who thinks it's Byron. (Or Poe.) Oh for the love of ... has made someone give this guy a manual on "How to Act Good" or have just pulled it out of a cardboard somewhere, the little plastic defect game-priced to eliminate bargains in bargain-bin cereals. Okay, that was a stupid line - but that's just because London's performance was melting my brain and its terrible. <br /> <br /> Katherine Heigl is beautiful, with many browsing up, but has yet to grow in her acting footwear in this movie - she delivers her line like she's caught, in fact, her entire performance It's very sticky, he looks as stubborn as his line - who knows, maybe he just reacted to, and trying to neutralize Jeremy London's flailing excess, but if that's the case he took it too far. <br /> <br /> Notable is Arie Verveen as Poe - while the role of his character is confused, he delivers the best performance of the piece. He, quite simply, looks good, but it's more than that - he has some sort of depth, I believe he has a life beyond the two-dimensional quality of the rest of the characters. Huh, maybe she's just because I love Poe, and she could thus just let my mind wander and invent while she was on the screen - whatever, she had an otherwise missing factor. <br /> <br /> The rest of the characters are anonymously - have all the usual caricatures: The best friend's blonde is a bit of a floozy; the local player who had a small dork; the older men's protection that may have too many unwelcome interest in our heroine; Dig the old witch, etc., etc., yawn, yawn. As with the 'distinct lack of blood for a horror movie', none of the terms they mentioned (and that London 's character mentions - so scathingly - in his attacks on Poe' s writ) to follow in on. As another review said - there was potential here: murders, incest, - really shocking things, but instead they skip away from the problems and cut away from the violence (a lightening balance of the air - close to on his victim - then --- cut into black! This is fine in a traditional Noirish horror, indeed, he expects, and tends to receive when it comes to - it's a beloved convent, especially when accompanied by fake lightning bolt and big sight makeup Siouxie - but in 'descent' it just comes across as clumsy, or as if the editor got kizya at the last minute and cut it out.) This could either be a Very tough psychological thriller - horror of palgins / arrogance / madness - or a simple (and fun) movie slasher: it tries to be both, or neither (something new and exciting!), but either way it fails to move . The only horror component of this entire film is its epidemic season. <br /> I think the editor (if there was one at all) being drunk when s / it cuts things up - there are malignant precocious scenes; The scenes that appeared to be out of order (but that could just have been the poor script). Likewise the director and cinematic - there were some very strange and framed shots that I thought were meant to be Hitchcock or Browning tribes but just ended looking amazing (again, fine in a noir, but this was trying something else.) Everything may have been funny (in what way previous review was mentioned - "OMG how that was done?!") if I was in the mood for some garbage, unfortunately for me I stayed on the couch, and the lights went down low, with the intention expressed in horror to myself funny - this is a very poor movie, and I'm afraid I can not recommend it to people, not even for laughter . Please, do not waste your time or money on this - either borrow a real horror movie / thriller, or find yourself a copy of Fabian's awesome story, either way, You'll have a far more enjoyable and feary night than you could ever hope to achieve with this garbage.
