Scary movie 3 is not funny as its predecessor, but it still has its comic moments. It all starts when rover reporter Cindy Campbell sets out to find a tough news story among television sweepers. He soon discovered an outrageous offensive of the threatening globe development including alien invaders, bloodthirsty videos, freaky crop circles and more. Faced with plots of massive proportions, and a crew of very strange people follow it, Cindy must fight to stop evil from taking over the world again. The plot is a problem that does not matter here as the first two were very drawn less. This time around focuses on the sign, ring, matrix lodged with 8 miles as well as many others just as much as they have already mentioned. The first is {imo} one of the funniest movies I've ever seen. The second was not as good but still quite funny. The third one is mildly enjoyable but its special nothing. Let's just say that I did not mind seeing it once but I probably would not want to see it again. The jokes either hit or miss and those funny usually involve Charlie Sheen. Those who are hauling usually involve Anthony Anderson as it is very overrated. Why it's cast is clear because it's not funny. Anna Faris gives a funny performance and it's also kind of undergrowth. Simon Rex shows some potential as it actually did not hurt. Regina Hall also returns as Brenda and gives a wonderful comic performance. The rest of the cast was pretty much a bunch of cameos. Jenny McCarthy and Pamela Anderson probably had the funniest scenes from all the cameos. In the opening ring the spoofing ring and this scene turns out to be about to be the most enjoyable of the movie. Denise Richards, Queen Latifah, Camryn Manheim and many others also came. David Zucker directs and while not another plane, it's also another My Boss Son either. Its essence really analyzes a straightforward comedy as the main thing that people want to know if its funny or not. As I said before if you do like it, you probably will not really like it so much. In the end, I found it a bit disappointing as the rating rating PG-13 weakens it, but it can still enjoy. Rating 6.3 / 10
