I was at first disgusting with Sun-Woo Jang director because I felt he was misleading me. Jang has the potential to create a large, emotional film on sex and effects on people, but instead chose to focus its strength on pornography over human beings. I could not see the first characters and his sloppy introduction that entrusted both realism and cinema together was the best amateur ?? Again this movie remains in my mind for days after I see it. What was left with me was not the story, it was not the characters, nor was it the apparent pornographic nature of the movie, but the transition that Jang demonstrates between Y and J. If you watch this movie carefully , you will see that both start in an exploration phase of their relationships, craving the gorgeous jump, but not quite sure the next step. As they continue to meet, exploring new avenues of fun, they always jump between the aggressor and the aggressive. Jang initially explores the idea that J is one of that in control of the situation, then hauntingly, the reversal happens when J gets obsessed with Y. It's a very small change, due to the graphic content of this movie , it can easily be missed, but it's there. It becomes apparently clear near the end when J can not live with Y, as meetings become less frequent, and J attempts to become a part of normal society. This was a great and very interesting element to this movie to see right before your eyes, but alas, the only element in this movie was worth watching. <br /> I will ignore those who speak in this film as nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements in the core of this movie, as underdeveloped as they are, they are there. It's a movie about an aspect of our lives that is very rarely explored in movies or talked about in the papers. What happens behind closed doors is never known? or so we should believe. While the act itself becomes a bit rehearsal after a bit, Jang director tries to change it up a bit with some constantly changing scenery. Our characters are still moving out of hotel rooms in hotel rooms better than thirst for each other. This is fun first, but again, Jang's repetitive track seems to make it feel boring than interesting. This led me to the biggest problem that I had with this movie. Jang had a great story with Gojitmal, but where he failed (out of the obvious choice to focus directly on pornographic pages) was that he took the scene, repeating them time and again, without changing in front of us for allowing us to he goes to know the characters. Where was Jang going with this movie? Did she want to have sex in telling stories, or did she believe the characters would be? It has failed in this sense because at the end of the film we know so little about Y and J that we could care less how to solve themselves. The finish looks almost the same random as Jang tries to create a final resolution for our two, absolute giants, in this movie. I must give Jang some credit for trying, but not much. He tried to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element that we lacked, but they just could not converse well together. Brother Y and J's wife were these points, but again, due to his focus strongly on the sexual component, these strongest sub-stories became un-memorable and down-dull. Perhaps it was just how I saw this movie, but outside of the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. We knew nothing about J and Y and that's why Gojitmal failed. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this film could benefit from having a strong note or a genuine element genre element elementally daftly it brings us, the viewers, closer to the emotions they felt J and Y. From what I can remember, and I try to push this movie far from my mind, I do not remember any music abusing. Gojitmal might have been a stronger movie if Jang either stylized it with music or did something ally towards our character beings. While I understand that she wanted the sex to talk for herself, there was just one missing component of this film that could have been dying a stronger desire for more. Technically, this was a poor movie. Obviously an independent film in nature, it felt more like Jang's director trying to make symbolic references from nothing but instead of your typical self in this nature. I did not see as much of a social message or human element as mentioned above, I just felt like she threw this movie along the course of two weeks and understood that the sex would sell it enough. This was no production Larry Clark; This was sub-par and definitely needed some more technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final release! <br /> In general, I think I might like this movie and had the least element I enjoyed, but I felt that this movie was running, rehearsing, and playing too much towards the taboos rather to destroy them. The obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen in the past scene of this movie when we are privately how the title of this movie was conceived. Our characters were definitely, our story was underdeveloped, and we could use something memorable to do what happened between Y and J in something more symbolic than sex. For me, Jang was trying too much to take art houses to satisfy pornography ?? and it failed miserably. This was not a movie worth the time and effort that he took to make. <br /> <br /> Class: ** from *****
