This movie is a rather odd mix of music, romance, drama and crime and a smack of film-noir in it. It's basically a dirty pile of different styles, which does not really work out as it was supposed to. <br /> <br /> This movie is an attempt by Mickey Rooney to be taken seriously as an actor. He is an old child-star who still uses stars in cheerful comedy and music production at the start of his career. In this film she chooses a different approach (although the music aspects are still present in the movie). But his role is actually very mischievous in the movie. I mean Mickey Rooney as a tough player? She is a very young boy looking for. He actually was in his 30s already at this time film but he seriously looks more like a 16 year old. Listen to her babe and hear hard talk in gangsters about 3 times greater than he is just not looking and feel right. He simply does not convince his role. Because the movie mixes as different, the story also feels like a single one. Somewhere in it there is a crime plot and somewhere in it is a romantic plot-line with one on living your dreams, but none of it works out really due to the dirty approach and touch of it all. It's just not an exciting or compelling movie to watch. László Kardos is also a director who made only 10 movies in his life, despite the fact that his career span from 1935 until 1957. He must have been a difficulty director who had a hard time getting work in the industry and instead once in a while gave a lesser script to work with. Its films are all unknown and virtually also not in quality too high. Let's not forget that this is a '50's movie, but again it feels like a' 40 or maybe just one of the '30's. This is of course mostly due to the fact that this movie got injections in black & white. Generally speaking black and white films from the '50 often have a cheap feeling on it and this movie is no exception. <br /> It's a rather strange sight seeing Mickey Rooney and Louis Armstrong and his band like themselves doing together in a sequel. It was not the only movie that Armstrong appeared in though and would often pop up into these types of movies, often simply as himself. I guess jazz lovers can always enjoy watching this movie due to its music, since there is a hefty amount of it present in this movie. The movie actually got an Oscar nomination for the best original song. <br /> A little movie left and from Mickey Rooney.
