PUBLIC SERVICE GOLF SERVICES <br /> <br /> This movie is filed as the first Russian movie horror movie. Unfortunately, as far as I'm concerned, the "witch" (its Russian title) will take a place of chaos in the gallery of Russian movies. It is based on the story of Nikolai Gogol's "Vine" which is a classic in Russia. "Baze" is the key word here since there is no familiarity with the required story. Instead, less you know about Gogol, the better. <br /> It's a unique output because we are well used to capture stories from other cultures and adapt to their own culture. The American rumor fate of foreign film is a prime example, but then again, Sturgess turns Kurosawa's seven Samurai at the Magnificent 7th with splendid results, and Kurosawa transfers Macbeth Shakespeare's in Japan makes an extremely powerful throne of blood, while King Lear will become a fixed fix. However, with the "witch," we have Russia transplanting a Russian Russian history on American soil. The film was shot in Estonia in English with the aim of dubbing it in English using American actors and having reasonable microbes movements. <br /> As a natural consequence, losing is the colorful Ukrainian background for the story, to come a drab American small town seemingly arose from some obsolete horror horror books. Goma Brutus's seminary boost, instead we have a Boosi journalist who is about to win Pullitzer Prize, and who at the same time writes about X-Dos events that are often related to Social. (I never thought Pullitzer Prize was given for this kind of writing, now I humbly standing upright.) In a nod to himself Russian, the journalist named Ivan Berkhoff. They should be called Jan Smith because it is impossible to find more memorable, generic and generic than this movie. <br /> <br /> Berkhoff goes to a town named Castleville, gets trapped on a dirt road, wrap over until it finds a dilapidated house and is rather un-welcomed by an old crown. All that is in the accompaniment of a radio announcement on the forces of evil in the most powerful, and the best people stay indoors and avoid water. Need to mention that rain really hard? After some supposedly scenes that made me laugh, the story found our journalist dressed as a priest, made mistakes for a priest, and the local sheriff told her daughter who died after being brutally attacked wants the new priest to pray for her three nights. At this point, the action supposedly begins. People who have killed time are welcome. <br /> What's wrong with this movie? Everything begins with the dialogue and goes down to the props department. The dialogue that I heard in Russia was clearly originally written in English, and it was compiled only from the secularity and platitude that was chosen by American films. The actors just as clearly struggled with English because the time of speech was unnatural and talkative, and the Russian dubbing followed costumes. The act is mostly atrocious, and not only because the actors find it often difficult to speak, but because they have nothing to approach a series of facial expressions. For the most part, they're just empty or want they were. The only exceptions that the sheriff was played by Lembit Ulfsak, ​​an Estonian actor actor, and Arnis Lizitis who played a tinder wheel in Castleville. Oh, and a cock of course that's absolutely natural on camera! I know the actors complain of being raised by dogs and cats but when Nikolaev is riding by a rooster it is a sad testimony to the overall quality of acting in the movie. <br /> There was not a awesome moment in the entire movie, and there was not one original moment in the movie either. Mind you, this comment comes from someone who's rather inexperienced with horrors. The movie is full of standard movements used in horror movies since the creation of the genre. At a critical time, the cameras are portable with love on a kerosene lamp. The lamp promptly goes out. It must have seen a few horror movies, too. An example of supernatural idiot comes in another moment, a character jumps from a tub and runs through the camera. It was wearing something like clothes! It does not find any idiot more than that! <br /> Those in Russia who love it claim it should have been released as a mysterious thriller. I was not thrilled either. It was run-of-the-mill from start to finish. I particularly liked the fact that the whole population of the city behaved as if they knew exactly they lived in a horror movie, except they were not quite seven whether he had zombies or not. Therefore, some of them have been acting zombie-like just in case. <br /> <br /> The musicians in the movie say it's about to gain faith. Like a good collection of exotic actions, stupid minds moments, and yes, clicks, do not deserve to be about to gain faith. The movie is so well and completely fake it merely to be an exhibit in a lattice face museum.
