What's in here ?! Let me tell you. It's the presence (Alek Baldwin). It is not a great actor but maybe a nice star and some good movies that this is not one of them. He did nothing more than anything he did before or after. So do not mention (literally!) The problem of (Steve McQueen) was in the same role in the original because I do not want to do that comparison in the first place. I'm not a big fan or even a fan of (Kim Basinger), he got a lot of bad movies about it and even at its best it looks average! And it gets on my nerves really every time they talk about beauty seduction it's rare !! Well, if a blonde would make any fascinating person then I'll dye my hair to yellow as soon as possible! And what is it with all the frenzy under Leginger Basinger's feet ?? !! Is it crazy crazy or bad taste? As I see them both as sexy, but UGLY too! But if you hate that so shoot me but you know what ?! I just watched this movie so I'm already dying! But what would make you really suffer in unbearable way is that nothing in the credit goes to the one she deserves the most .. And of course I mean (Jennifer Tilly) .. Now we're Talk about a true seductive chic truth and as an unforgettable body with a unique sense of attractiveness as a nasty brunette (Marilyn Monroe) however much healthier !! (I can not help it, it was just the new thing and watchable here!). (Michael Madsen) as the bad guy was very attractive as well as more efficient than the good guys, (James Woods) is here to summarize the events early beside the pool (so the trailer should not be his voice later !) And he knew before all this is Hollywood's whole thing so "Do your things, get your cash, and good luck as an actor in other movies!", The correction gave the film a personality Severe and violent atmosphere does not inevitably streamline cinematography, so the main merchandise of it (Action, Thrill, ..) are here and fairly well-made, though any echo for deep meaning (the types of betrayal) as the main dramatic motive of everything is not that strong so do not wait for it. OK, it's all at another remake without anything special (Except Jennifer Tilly's spicy moment!) So I think I've tried to be as much as I could so I should not finish my review 'saying that (Basinger) or anyone here was doing better than this movie .. It would be a reproach because frankly .. Anything better than this movie!
