Renowned Cinematographer Freddie Francis (Glory, The Elephant Man) directs this very bad movie to horror / drama. 19th Century England has a different view of how drug practices should be handled than Dr. Thomas Rock, the law stating that only the criminal cases hanging can be studied and experimented on. But the supply of these bodies is a little one, and Rock needs more - and prefers them fresher. When a maverick in his circle, he begins to pay people to get his body to study and test on. Losing sleazebags to Robert Fallon and Timothy Broom to get wind of this job opportunity and begin to kill and sell these rock bodies. Of course, this kind of action has the same consequence worse than practicing the dead bodies of non-criminal, and leads to problems for all. While the story generally sounds intriguing on paper, almost everything about the doctor and the demons is mutually bad. <br /> After the first fifteen minutes of the movie you have already started questioning your decision to sit down to watch the movie. All the films are just ugly. Seeing how the film takes place in the slums in England during the 19th century, filmmakers have probably gone for a "ugly" look, but they do not do it in a weird manner. All from the sets of the cinematography just look cheap, weak, and disgusting. Also, just on stage everything is filled with something that you simply can not take seriously, and most of that time this is done with someone (both in the small and large roles) to do something similar or sound completely ridiculous. Francis sure did not help out her many actors. <br /> <br /> Jonathan Pryce and Stephen Rea play their braided buddies in the movie, Fallon and Broom respectively, and they are very pompous, but very bad. Characters are not crazy nature, but Pryce and Rea overact the parts of death. They especially have to keep the same emphasis from the injection shot - Pryce in particular goes from Irish Cockney to Long John Silver to some types of animal and so on and so forth. She is also a humorous riot to see Twiggy in this movie at all, let alone play a street street-demand, since she can not act to save her life (though her songs during final credit are not so for that funny). His boy certainly has come a long way: from "Flower Power" to "I'll take clothes for a shillin '!" As bad as these three actors in this movie, Julian Sands takes home the award for the worst performance of the movie. It is just like lame as it gets, giving one laugh-out-loud tries after another in showing anger, love, happiness, anxiety - choose an emotion, any emotion! <br /> <br /> There is only one good thing about the Doctor and the Demons: Dalton's Timeline of Dr Rock. Despite being surrounded by sewage, Dalton is quite excellent; give an electric shaver to someone who is too much to drive too smoothly. Too bad the rest of the movie could not have been as good as Mr. Dalton.
