Downhill Restraint 9. says: Matthew Barney. How do you know when you're in the middle of a pretest art movie? Has it only 8 lines of dialogue in 140 minutes of film? Is it when Bjork is wearing that looks a later giant later on himself in a pseudo-Asian ceremony? Perhaps, when mammoth mammoth and spinal column are used in a blower candle blast. Or, when you're ready to kill the composer for a minimal, and still annoying, the version of a Glass Glass score? In any case, Down Restraint 9 is among the most pretentious of the modern art films. At 135 minutes, it added to its pretense that they were boring in boots. I would call the use of stunning colors, and the opening opening sequence, but the rest of the movie looked like it was filmed for a discovery chain documentary. That is until it seems to have been trying to film the versions of the P-ss Christ, but that will come later. Actually, the documentary-enlisted portions were the best parties in it. The surface plot is on a whaling ship, and then there is a candle candle ceremony. Then there are guests in the form of Bjork and Matthew Barney who are welcomed on the boat by being placed in a ceremony of humiliation including over-out head bart (think frat boy tour), nicotine plates, and giant furry later hat. Then there are mutual evils, cannibals, and remember the giant turd. Matthew Barney wrote that this is about "the relationship between self-imposed resistance and creativity." That's almost as it says, "if you do not get it, then you're not creative in your interpretation, so salt off because I'm an artist." Oh, wait, this pOST-modern interpretation of this phrase and what the movie would be about whether it was Post-Modern. But it is supposed to be modern art. Which is about the art itself. So let's start this bit of whole interpretation, are we? These lines are only 3/4 serious and should not be taken as any realistic attempt to interpret the movie. The first half hour pear concerns and construction of a giant ramp. Obviously, the ramp is symbolic of the need for elevating yourself to whatever standard you hold to be loved, and the various shades are looking for pearls of wisdom. Then, on a whaling ship, to build a treasury that looks like it is in the shape of the bottle of a candle. Obviously a debit component is predicted. <br /> <br /> On the ship, make the candle candle inside the shape of the candle, and take the row portion. They replaced this with a spinal column and later a giant turtle. These are supposed to state in the film itself. When fat, it's fun but bad for you. When it is the spinal column, its "important" parts of the movie, or the backbone to speak. Then the giant turders are the gut in the movie, or when the movie is crap. Bjork and Matthew Barney came to separate ships, placed in unusual humiliating teams that are not the same OR SYMETRIK, one suspect that they ran out of money and Barney was trying to quit. So they put plates on his head. They go to a ceremony and learn about the ship from a wise Japanese man, who tells them that the ship is scarred out when another pirate hit it; an injury or intersection, if desired. This inspired Bjork and Barney, who are different on the outside, are beginning to cut each other's off with their foods so they can turn to the candles themselves and be the same ones. They breed. Oh, I forgot to mention that this was done by a Robbie Williams video? Then the diverse shovel came back and the mouths filled with the pear knowledge that they left dropped a diaphragm Venn diagram. Barney made it to Geometry 8th grade, obviously. Or, maybe at least some social studies. Oh, and did I forget Bjork's eye-to-go beat-it-kill? At times it is hypnotic, but in others you just want to assassinate her. <br /> <br /> Movie Art is one thing, but when you just throw all sorts of symbols in hopes of getting a reaction from people, it becomes a self-destructive joke. When crossing the line between a joke in terms of art? Dali and Bunuel often made sure pieces of nonsense but were more coherent and / or fun than this piece of garbage. A Chien Andalou had the tenderness of bashing as symbols as it could in less than half an hour. <br /> So can I recommend this? Only if you like high tech high feats with lots of symbols and flat imagery. <br /> D +
