I can appreciate what Barney is trying to achieve, but after sitting last night in a college movie home, I can not help but think ... when will it end? A very long and ponderous hour and fifteen minutes. I only saw part of Cremaster 3 on DVD and thought I knew what to expect. That said, experimental films like this are best digested in small increments. There are a couple of beautiful / awesome images ... including the title sequence (no kidding), but if you go to this wait any kind of plot or meaning, then you are in for a long, repeat -induit ride. I managed to stay awake for the whole thing (if it's a compliment) but more often than not, I was waiting for some kind of meaning or narrative ... big mistake. Among the collections of images are a very gift gift gift ritual, the creation of a lousy dish in the appearance of petrol frozen slab formed with a cookie knife and sprinkled with shrimp (this is served in the crew of chips which shows the whole movie), a great brilliant cheese and a great tornado tuck in the center of it, and the mutual excavation of Bjork and director Matthew Barney who eventually terminate in some rare types of communion, followed by transformation of cattle-like animals. The soundtrack is at beautiful and annoying times ... sometimes even maddening. At one time, a song was sung by Bjork to go along with the ephemeral rituals played before us, and at other times is just a constant drug of a high-precision instrument, which we see a mysterious woman play at the start and end of the movie. If this sounds like it does not make sense, that's because it's NOT! If this sounds like your cup of tea, then you will absolutely LOVE it! If this sounds like something that you probably will not like, then stay far away from it, because you'll be more likely to walk out of the theater during the half-mark as several people in the screening I've gone in. This is the very definition of an art film. You get out of it what you take from it. But otherwise, there really is not much, other than some oddities and constant construction and ritual deconstruction. I'm glad to have a movie site like this, but I can not say I want to sit in it again. However, I can not say I would not want to see one of Barney Cremaster's movies from start to finish and compare it with that. I think, maybe now that I know what to expect I would enjoy something like this plus. To give you an idea of ​​what kind of understanding this movie has, I probably would like it better if I got stoned. Then again, he could have felt twice as long as he was, and then he would really get ponderous. Definitely not for everyone.
