Winter Kill is a terrible, incredible and highly irresponsible thriller-thriller scheme from the little-known director William Richert. While watching the movie, I honestly felt as though I was the Emperor of the fabulous Emperor New Clothes Emperor. The movie made me feel like crazy because I could not make myself neither in the serpent scheme and the nonsense characters. But I felt kind of embarrassed to admit that the film had tied my brain to the node. So I stuck with it to the end, hoping that all the tangled mess would unlock himself. Then I realized .... the film is supposed to be serpentine, meaningless and logical, because it is the whole point. This is a satirical look of conspiracy theory and theorist, and knotting-up of the scheme used as a metaphor for knotting-up of truth, half-truths and lies that define any conspiracy. Even though I received the joke about me, I always felt the killing winter to be a very awesome movie. Young Nick Kegan (Jeff Bridges) is the youngest brother of a former US president who was murdered in Philadelphia. Nick is present when a man dies claim that he has shot the President and provides detailed information about his hiding place. Nick follows the suggestions, but each step in the way people help him seem to die in mysterious circumstances. Also, Dad Pa Kegan (John Huston), a vulgar and disgustingly wealthy businessman, interferes with Nick's investigation. The deeper it delves into the assassination, Nick's more realizes that it is down to a website of complex and red erotic sites, where nothing is as it seems and no one can trust. It's a nightmare to follow, and in many ways it is not worth trying to follow the reasons why it deliberately tangles itself up. The cast is packed with extraordinary talent but most of them are wasted. Toshiro Mifune has one of the most important and most pointless roles in cinematic history; Elizabeth Taylor appears unprofitable and does not have a single line of dialogue; Richard Boone gives what seems to be an interesting role, but his character goes nowhere. John Huston has the best role as the powerful patriarch and provides us with some of the enjoyable movie time and his acerbic delivery. Anthony Perkins also gets a creepy role and handles it well, though its screen time is far too short to perform the full-fledged character. Some nudity and sex scenes are at the top of no real reason, and, while they are quite graphic and can appeal to whites, they really belong to another movie. The film semi-comic film is cancerous and irritating, but paradoxically memorable in its weird little way. There is obviously a cult hearing out somewhere for winter killing .... but I will not count myself among its numbers.
