Nell Shipman must have paid a sum of money to maximize Maxwell's off-road capacity. The plot of the film is very simple, Nell plays a writer with a bad case of the writer's block, and he needs inspiration, so he goes to visit Mexico to absorb the atmosphere. There he meets the hero (Bert Van Tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car rather than ride a horse. While Nell is visiting her father's partner in her mining camp, a gang of local villains kidnaps her and brings her to the deep camps in the desert. The hero needs to get to it quickly, so he decided to drive there in his car. This is where the movie takes a strange twist. Bert continues to drive on all imaginable terrain, huge rocks, small rivers, big brushes, scraggly cut scales, including steaks, etc. etc., for the bigger part of the film we get to see this car fighting to pull off obstacles. Now, your idea, this is not a modern-day ATV, it's a 1920 Maxwell automobile, so it looks very out-of-place as a car on the road. And it's obviously there are limits to some of the arena he's encountered, and we get to see it stuck more than once in this movie. But the filmmakers made an effort to show it to beat their chances and eventually pass all the obstacles. Once the hero came to the camp to hide and deliver the girl, he jumps into the car with him and drives off with the bandits in hot pursuit (on horseback), and at this point he became surreal funny with me . Watching this machine slowly roll over large stones, getting stuck in gravel and hills brush, go ahead and go back to get enough momentum to pass on fallen tree branches, bandits should have had enough time to catch up. But they never do, even if we believe this desert is kicking away all night. And in a bigger comic, the car climbs a hill, and helps Nell and the hero to push a huge stone down the crushed bandits. After seeing this movie you would think the army should invest in 1920 Maxwell Automotive because they clearly have the best way to pass the Hummers and Bradley tanks combined. Watching this movie just laughing, it's worth it just to see Nell cuddling up to the car and saying "You did your best, brave little car"
