make up a movie-go audience - I'm certainly stunned by the number of positive commentaries this miserable movie has wrapped here. I can not credit it, can not help, but it must be suspicious, for that matter, in refusal to go to critics who are constantly Annette Bening for an Oscar; The hole in the kitchen ceiling could be more appropriately attributed to its landscape grind. It's a wonderful actress but this is a unfortunate imbalance performance, missing that actor movie quality actor must master by grabbing the cadence of the scenario and keeping it for the duration of the madness that is a movie shot. I do not really want to blame Miss Bening or most of the other performers (well, Gwyneth Paltrow has no excuse for his muzzy work), however, because this is a lurvity adaptation, a classic case in mistranslation (I'm ready for I do not read the book and I do not think I'll be thereafter). The script launches us among the inexplicable and extreme emotional bitter spewing behaviors from mystifying characters that have developed relationships with us and with each other. It quickly became a grappling tsunami-like attack that like character sullies and audiences alike and left me as a survivor shake my head into the detritus that left at the end of each episode repeated. Shock and trembling would describe my frantic reaction, bi-polar imitation swinging between ranting and oh-so-quiet sensitivity, the latest telegraph is not one of the most irritating, manipulative, bang sounds I've heard - that is, when all this That's not being put ludicrously toon unpleasant - thing period, she knows, but chooses with a respectable lack of surprise for the tone of the scenes. <br /> <br /> How to throw this fine mix up in this I do not know - I can not believe they saw the scenario before signing. They certainly apply their skills and commitment - I felt sorry for the beautiful Jill Clayburgh sealed with a Lady Costume costume and wigs trying to vainly to key something in meaning from excuse and cliché dialogue. In contrast, somehow, Alec Baldwin lifted up the material to deliver a consistent, nuanced, real-world performance. Can someone give this man a lead role in substance, please? And how about Rachel Evan Wood - or Joseph Fiennes? You would think that the industry could do best to use it, and without appearing as hirsute as Elliot Gould of M.A.S.H. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> My vote? A turdy turd, all right, but no ties with the sky.
