When an attempt was made to kill the Emir of Ohtar, an Arab potentate visited Washington, D.C., his life was saved by a swimmer at Sunny Davis. Sunny becomes a national heroine and celebrity media celebrity and as a reward offering a working job for the US Department of State Protocol Section. But he does not know it, the Department of State officials who offer it the job has a hidden agenda. A map we see show Ohtar lying on the border of Saudi Arabia and South Yemen, in a desert desert area known as the al-Khali rubber, or the empty quarter. In real life a state in this place would have a virtually zero population, and virtually zero strategic value, but for the purposes of the film we have to accept that Ohtar is of importance to the immense strategic Cold War and that the U.S. government, which is keen to build a military base, need to do everything they can in order to keep on the good side of the rules. She transpired that the Emir took a fancy to the young attractive woman who saved her and reached a deal with the State Department; They may have the basis given that it can be sunny as the latest addition to her harem. The new Sunny job is just a race to ensure that the Emir has more opportunities to meet it. A plot like this could be the occasion for some hilarious satires, but in fact the satirical content content is rather tone down. It's possible in 1984 the American public was not in the mood for satirists to sling on foreign foreign policy; This was, after all, the year in which Ronald Reagan brought forty-nine from fifty states to the presidential election and his hard line with the Soviet Union was clearly going down well with voters. (If the film was made a couple of years later, in the wake of Iran / Contra, the tone might have been different). The film is not so much satire as a vehicle for Goldie Hawn showing off her brand of slow and charm. Sunny is a typical Goldie-beautiful character, sweet-natured, naive and not too bright. There are, however, a limit to how far you can go slowly and charm alone, and you can not automatically make a bad movie a good one just by making the character leading a blonde mute. (Actually, that sounds more like a recipe for making a good one movie one). Goldie tries to be the best to save this one, but never succeed. Part of the reasons are consistent ways in which character is described. On one sunny is a sweet, innocent country girl from Oregon. On the other hand it is a 35-year-old woman who works in a sleazy bar and puts a costume reveal. The effect is rather like imagining Rebecca's Sunnybrook Farm grow and work as a bunny girl. The most important reason why Goldie is able to rescue this movie is even the best comedy or comedy is no better than his / his material, and "Protocol" is simply unfunny. What humor exists is tired and exaggerated, relying on offensive stereotypes about Arabs who, apparently, all the lusts of Western women, especially if they are blonde and blue-eye. There was a lot of this sort of thing about the mid-eighties, as this was the period that also saw the terrible Ben Kingsley / Nastassia Kinski movie "Harem", on a lascivious Middle Eastern ruler who kidnapped a young woman American, and mini-series of the same name who have told a typical identical story and a period setting. The film makers seem to have realized that the films would not work as a pure comedy, because towards the end it gets into a sort of letter-day "Mr Smith goes to Washington". Sunny turns out to be a blonde bimbo in a font of political wisdom and begins to utter all sorts of platitudes on Democracy and the Constitution and Citizens' Duty to Vote with Our People and how the Price of Freedom is vigilant eternity blah blah blah ?? ?? , but the truth of the film is no more successful as a political parable than it is as a comedy. Goldie Hawn has made a number of good comedies, such as "Cactus Flower", "Upper" "" Housesitter ", but" Protocol "is not one of them. I did not see all his films , but of those I saw this terrifying comedy is by far the worst.
