In the small American town of Meadowvale Dr Anthony Blake (David Gale, the IMDB list for this character is wrong in Dr. Blake by Dr. Blakely) is the director and renowned founder of the Psychological Research Institute and also the host of a TV program local called 'Self-Thinking'. He uses this TV show of hypnotise viewers and makes them commit acts of violence. Dr. Blake has the help of a big brain and an evil figure that uses it in spinal cord as a thingy thing. Usually the brain is just sitting in a tank, eating the mouse and the bad odd actor, each time he eats someone he gets much bigger. Meanwhile, talented high school premises, but Jim Majelewski (Tom Bresnahan) has kept putting Sodium down the toilets. Jim is sent to Dr. Blake in the PRI for help with his attitudes and behaviors. While Jim Blake hook Jim up, quite something I'm not actually sure. This is what it is, is attached to the brain. At first Jim is able to resist self control of the brain. The brain feels that Jim is a threat to himself and his plans. Once out of the Jim PRI begins to have rare hallucinations and crashing his car. Jim made it to his waitress Janet girlfriend (Cynthia Preston as Cyndy Preston), but he returned to Verna Dr Blake's assistant (George Buza) soon after Marks (Harry Booker) officer. The brain wants to kill Jim because he is the only one who can resist his technique to control ideas, and the 'Independent Thinking' national brain does not want anything or anyone to stop it from evil plans for world domination! Jim quickly realizes that the brain will control the entire city and it alone must stop the brain before it takes over the world! <br /> <br /> Led by Ed Hunt calling himself Edward Hunt here, the brain was not as bad as I thought he was going to do. Do not get me wrong as it certainly is not great either. The script by Barry Pearson is trying a stitch of satire and brain wash and self-control by T.V. scenario. It moves together in a fair pace and is not too boring. There is no explanation given for the existence of the brain at all, it's just there and this we must accept it. The story is a little copsy and never completely explored one single element, having the TV head control, the brain itself, Jim was hunted by the police & his bad behavior and various other little bits and pieces here and there is a rare disclosure regarding Doctor. Blake is not explained at all. Wise production of this film looks cheap, and probably was cheap. The act is not great but I've seen worse, and what is David Gale doing in this? In fact, this role resembles Gale Gale of Re-Animator (1985) even down to his character's death in both films. The brain itself first sits in a tank and starts to grow every time he eats a person and at the end it is very nice. Each step is just made of rubber. It does not look particularly good and it's not scary or creepy, just cheap. There is no blood or gore in it apart from a stick and you will miss its decapitation. The nudity is offered by Blake's Living Vivan (Christine Kossak as Christine Cossack) before he gets fed. The brain has a certain entertainment value for me but I think most people would flu. Perhaps worth a look if you can see it on T.V. for free.
