This version of the movie I saw was titled 'Terror Rises from the Grave'. Horrors of the question are a wicked villain Medieval played by legendary Spanish horror Paul Naschy looking like he plays Abanazer in a panto church hall. He got up from his grave when a descent descent (I think he's a descent, as he's also played by Naschy) returning to his ancestral house and assembling the magician's mind and body, which was separated by witchfinders to execute him, in an attempt to stop him, he, rising from the tomb. Obviously, once the head and body are back together all hell breaks and many deaths. Like all good magicians, Abanazer here has a nice assistant. This one was played by another great Spanish horror, the beautiful Helga line. Like virtually every other woman in the movie line occasionally gets her kit. There's a lot of stripping in this movie, and it's not just female - we even get to see Naschy's layer, which is not a nice eye, I can tell you. Most of the movie sex angles are ridiculous free. There is one particularly funny scene where Naschy and Lines discuss the evil plans and then suddenly decide both to have a crap of the young noble blonde being owned. <br /> It's also nice to gory in places - notably a Herschell Gordon Lewis-sketch moments where he plunges his hands to a man's chest in his heart. <br /> <br /> The best part of the movie is the highly effective zombie that turns up towards the end. They are quickly scared by a fire though, and do not bother coming back. That is a shame. The scene where the zombies rise, however, is the most ludicrously-timed moments of the movie. It all happens in long shot, and we have not really got a clue what happens until we see some figure shambling off from the distance. There are several waste times like this, thanks largely to poor editing. When a worker falls under the spell of hypnosis Naschy's head has a big up in his face that seems to last forever and serves no reason too. <br /> In all, it's not a great horror movie, but fun enough. Of course, the version I saw was an American American version that probably had cut pieces. For all that I know, the original Spanish version could be a masterpiece.
