To say that Thunderbirds are a desert, forcing, in-the-face, ugly looking, embarrassing to listen to and painfully watch the movie would not say enough. There are two reasons I can think of why you would watch this movie: 1; You've seen Thunderbirds when you were young (as I did) and are curious as it's like but you'll really only look to find out how to seriously aim at things. Or, 2; you will see it with a person under ten years old. <br /> <br /> Thunderbirds manage cock up everything he attempts. The list goes on and there are other things that are more subtle, humiliating that are obvious when you think about it. From the cut, Thunderbirds are wrong, evil, evil. All moral messages and 'goals' are set up in a humble way: Jeff Tracy (A New Tale for Bill Paxton) tells his youngest son Alan he never proved himself to be a Thunderbird after Alan randomly and stupidly decides down to the gut Tracy Island's Fire Up Thunderbird One. The entire movie is then a series of fire-event events including Alan trying to prove himself as his father and other brothers locked in space aboard Thunderbird five. The movie relies on kid's kid to bring the film: A 16 year old Alan Tracy (Corbet), a 16 year old Tin Tin (Hudgens) and a 14 year old Fermat (Fulton) who is son of brains. To say that watching the 'adventures' get up is painful is an understatement. Many times trying to act and use the script while fighting evil 'Hood' (Kingsley) in ridiculously unfunny and hosting ways to act as entertainment for the duration of the movie; It only different when everyone in a different place. Also, everything 'mind control' the thing was very tedious and basically dragged the movie down as it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in the Hood ?? Forced and occasional. <br /> I know that the most 'films for children' these days try to integrate some sort of adult material but through Thunderbirds it does in a way that fetishes Lady Penelope. Sophia Myles plays Penelope and I think it's not coincidence it's a little older than the rest of the kids ?? In 24 years old, it's almost too good to be true. Its scene is often very busy and brings an erotic push. We see it in the bath, bubbles up to the neck watching television; to come his fascinating one and sneaks a peek as he seductively change his channel with his wet feet, make and bust covered footage. Frequent vaccines in its massive, shiny pink high heel shoes complete the screen during various scenes: This first happens when it's actually tied to the second one during a fight with another woman! Twinned with this bright pink suit that reveals just enough yet to cover just enough to be particularly outstanding as it's the way it moves and talks with that chic, dominant, English accent; sounding like a commanding mistress (Well, she's DAD Penelope after all? and you'd better be sure to call her) All of this is ridiculous but the correction is so quick that the kids will not notice but it sure to hell is there. The actual plot of the Hood does everything he does just steals a few banks is very rare, the characters that are his guardian: a geeky looking woman and hard black karos people become tense. Are we supposed to laugh at that? What about the battle scene? Blow corruption corruption and what the hell was with the silly noise? It is absolutely, completely ridiculous. <br /> <br /> The list goes on. Bill Paxton's way to play it all so badly, as he said they had made it one way, but he did another, the way the Ford Motor Company has their logo slotted all over the place. News bulletin: sponsored by Ford, the same camera moves to Ford endos several times when the cars injected, the CGI road looks something from a video game video game video ?? it's anxiety. The fact we've been told is that a 16 year old girl can swim in the freeze thames, against the current, rescue a fallen monorail (monorail on the Thames!?), Get back to the hatch and so; Save the day all the time holding his breath. It is sheer bull and the musicians know it ?? I do not even know if a 10 year old would swallow it. <br /> <br /> In short: avoid, avoid, avoid. Thunderbirds are angry, unfunny, wrongly scanned and even the Rolls Royce was taken out and replaced by a flying machine ?? Everything that could go wrong, went wrong.
