The original Thunderbirds have earned a place in TV history. It was, and still is, very beloved - indeed, all the first minutes of the movie Wallace and Gromit (Wererabbit) are a direct rise of Thunderbirds, down to a direct replay of the original Thunder 2 sequel launch (if you Do not believe me, get the movie, and then get a copy of the original episode where Thunderbird 2 was launched). This film was a crab attempt to make a movie - when the original loved and enjoyed by kids and adults alike! In the original, Thunderbirds have been spending all the time to save those who were often trapped when Mother Nature or Technology went awfully wrong (yes, there was also the occasional criminal offense). Thunderbirds put their own lives and resources at risk for no reward - the essence of many of courage and despair. There was little physical violence. Thunderbirds are challenging the imagination to a degree - how many of us would dream of building a Thunderbird 2? And do not underestimate the power of entertainment to do so - many Japanese passionate passions and humanoid robots in the ancient cartoon Astroboy. <br /> But this movie was a poor re-image of the original. This movie came across as a ratio between Thunderbirds and Tunes Loony - I mean, we have Anthony Edwards as the brain imitating Porky's pork loin ????? Many of the action consists of Kung Fu / Power Rangers type of fighting. Indeed, there was a silly sound effect when someone was nailed to the top and a frying pan. The technique that has shot our imagination was absent - instead we have these kids running around, using a tracing device that never in the original set (it has all the team taken at once, leaving the base occupied by children and brains). Then there was a dose of "Mystic Force" mysticism to throw in when TinTin would levy something or another, coupled with the Hood using aerodynamic that looked like they had risen from "Tanga Crouching , hidden dragon ". On the only thing missing was for the Hood to go "TinTin, I am Your Uncle" with a breathtaking mask. The heart that made unique Thunderbirds was GONE. <br /> Only the bright point painted Ron Cook in Parker - it keeps it perfectly. But the actress playing Lady Penelope came across as a child - HUH ???? <br /> <br /> And this is why we hate this movie. When someone puts out something that was popular in a fan base, and expects the fans to shell out their money look, and then deliver something than not even close to what the fans expect - well, I'm sorry, That's just plain WON! OK, so if they have made a movie - fine - next time it's distributed straight to video, where many of these are part of. But do not pack something up in a familiar pack and change the innards.
