'Thunderbirds' was a sixty-six-year-old show that transpired years and generations of points still as popular now, with both adults and children alike, as it was in its glorious day. So one would inferior the chance to produce a live-action feature film and a million dollars Hollywood bookbook was an excellent opportunity to revive the series as they did with 'Spider-Man' and the 'X-Men' '. But a terrible and bold acting scenario obliterated this opportunity and was soon apparent to all that was destined for this film was a trip to the bargain bin in the Kiddies section. <br /> Instead of a movie focused on the five sons Tracey, Dad and Trust Geek Brain strive to save people and protect the world from villains, our heroes in this drog are a malcontent and brat thirty-year-old Alan Tracey, fourteen-year-finely-tiled and ten-year-old brain-fermat brain son (yes, brain's brain despite that someone might cement by ever scored a woman if she tried, maybe she grew up kid in a crushed dish). As one can say from a run-in to our three character lead, 2004 'Thunderbolt' remake it was clearly aimed at entertaining only children under twelve instead of trying to appeal to a large-age as a human who participated in the great revival of 'Spider-Man' made. The plot itself was so bland and clunky, awkward dialogue with weak jokes that probably would not entertain brilliant pre-teen. The scriptwriter seemed to be more interested in tipping off 'Kids Spy' (which was at least original and original) instead of remaking the people's shows and love. Although Sophia Myles and Ron Cook were excellent as Miss Penelope and Parker, they were only about three lines between them for their presence being barely felt. Bill Paxton's Jeff Tracey was just boring and had only the slightest of mentioning the other boys Tracey four while Anthony Edwards and Ben Kingsley, as Brain and the Hood respectively, were just embarrassing. The Hood, in particular, is not at all threats or disasters and rather comes across as a camp, two-bit stereotyped cruelty as hump as a piece of reddened lettuce. Brady Corbet, who plays Alan Tracey, may well be a good young actor but it was hard to see that in a movie where he plays a whinging brat that just scratches and the same Go for Vanessa Anne Hutchinson as Tin-Tin since the most she gets to do is look beautiful and Let everyone be 'power girl'. Ironically, it is Fermat Fat Youth Fulton who is only interesting characters in the movie as Fulton delivers a natural and relaxing performance. The 'Thunderbirds' series will be forever remembered as an excellent show that puppets can provide solid performance! 'Thunderbirds' the movie will be forgotten by most and remembered by a few as one big flop.
