I always thought that larger box-office flops usually have something to recommend, but after the rumor from around the world in 80 days and Thunderbirds, I start to doubt it. For those who are not familiar, it is based on a puppet show on a family of astronauts that use state of rock art, vessels and aboard to rescue people from various disasters (falling bridges, upstairs, burning buildings, etc.) each week. Well, the puppets go (replaced by longer teenagers without tied), and so is the quote - only one tight twist and a swing swing off from Kids Spy without any signs of imagination, wit or entertainment. Young Alan Tracey feels left out of rescue we never see the other Traceys doing because Dad will not let him play with a real rocket until he passes his exam. Put on a beautiful tropical island (some punishment!), Its odds of shine comes when the rest of the family - a bunch of identical bluish blooms that look like a gay neo-nazi boy without a bit bit of characterization between them - they Blocked in space and he had the day by, er, running around the jungle, making a phone call, shooting a tire at the Comedy Comedy funny and dousing them in gunk for bad measures. The good points are some and far between. One of them is that the film is mostly in focus. The other is the Cello to visit Seychelles, which looks nice. The bad points: where to start? Ben Kingsley Performance Ben Performance Sexually armed sexists say they would be disappointed for the Children's Foundation at Worst? Lacking almost complete the action or effects of a 70m film sci fi? The script is terrible, the way of the dead, the moral haze? But most of all is the fact that the movie is so boss in every possible way. Forging the life lessons and feelings of the nail, this is a movie that is directed straight to the bottom-eyed by those who know they're doing a kid's movie and are constantly talking down to their intentions, throwing jokes fifth-rate and routine that would insult most kids who recently mastered the art of speech. This movie might replace them being sent to bed early without dinner as parents' favorite punishment for their children. <br /> <br /> The biggest flop of British movie history (he did not even cover the cost of imagery and marketing) it's just about montable if only as an object lesson in how not to do a summer movie.
