Johnathan Frakes is a good actor and, when she is not directing a family movie, a fine director. But it really should not have directed this movie, and the scenario would have been rejected. The director and writer must understand that the original TV was really over, as well as what the characters were and how they worked. The original series had many episodes that featured the razor-sharp notes that used good dialogue and American producers' situation never considered using the children's programs, much less a movie, making the original series well the adults received. I mean, Tracys graduated from college and some of them even drank alcohol and smoking tobacco! And, there were characters that were killed, although most were bad guys. If it was written so that it was originally done, non-dumbing things down with poor dialogue, kindergarten, and a weak scheme, universal / studio channel enterprise would not have such bad reviews. <br /> <br /> This movement picture is almost blasphemy. If you've seen the original supermarionation series, then you'll know what I'm talking about! <br /> <br /> The first thing that came from places and annoyances was the constant references of Ford Motor Company, even going so far as Lady Penelope was riding around in a dynamic Ford Thunderstorm made up to look like FAB -1 instead of using what would have been most appropriate to consider Mrs. Penelope's station (not to mention being more faithful to the original), a ROLLS-ROYCE FAB-1. It is supposed to have a distinguished member of British society, hence the preference for England's finest of engines in the original series. Another review here indicates that Penelope should not die dead at a Ford. It is pretty much right in the context that the idea of ​​riding in a Ford does not work. At least they might have had Penelope Ride in a Jaguar made up like FAB 1 since Jaguar is a British car doing what is owned by Ford, but no! They have been using a straightforward FORD! But the assortment of Ford products does not end there. EACH single car you can see is a Ford! The same flash news showing on the television in the movie was sponsored by Ford! Ford, Ford, FORD! The advance of Ford cars makes this movie an obvious marketing car for Ford. The original series had a futuristic design for the 1960s and still stayed ahead of time even today. But the futuristic design of the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design look practical and functional. This type of treatment did not exist in the movie, where everything is stylized beyond, blinking sense of functionality and practice. A lot of things that have been done in the design of the movie are made strictly for style, often with no sense of function giving that style a sense of purpose. <br /> <br /> The original series relies on good acting performance in the voice talent to overcome the limited expressions of the puppets, bringing them to life in the episodes. Sparkling and lively notes by Barry Gray helped even more closely link the audience and the story, the characters, and how everything came together to help achieve the super goal (a little Stanislavski speaking). The movie, on the other hand, has some gray performance. Anthony Edwards overplayed the brain in a fault, Bill Paxton as Jeff Tracy just did not work despite decent acting (one of the few), had the best choice for the Hood than Ben Kingsley, and many others that I did not care to mention ( it would take too long). Quite simply, the puppets were more credible! The second was the generic score and underwhelming music by Hans Zimmer, sounding more like a mix between the "Thunderstorm" and "Apollo 13." <br /> And, of course, the Hood. The hood of the original series has a capacity to communicate with Kyrano through a statue of Kyrano as an outlet for ESP contact. But it was her extraordinary capacity. He is a master of disguise and disappointment, allowing him to sneak around undetected (for the most part, anyways) to gather information from the Thunderbirds machines for its own means. He also used weapons for his own defense, such as pistol, and generally collected information using a movie camera, although he tried to steal thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s in the United States Artists released to "Thunderbird 6" (which was The latest Thunderbirds show filmed in Supermarionation and was the second Thunderbirds theater release). But while it is a nemesis in International Relief, the Hood is not the villain of every Thunderbirds episode and it tends to avoid direct confrontation with International Relief. In the movie, it's obviously the main villain, but he and his cohort seem to act more like moron, along with the Hood that has capacity to extend control capabilities, including the ability to move objects and move itself to flight for short periods of time. This totally diverted from the hood as a character in the original series and one that can let kids laugh and people accustomed to scratching themselves in confusion or leaving the theater in disgusting .. There is more criticism, but the limit 1000 words for IMDb reviews will not allow me to list all of them. So I'm going to close with the point that they did that I did not enjoy this movie. As a matter of fact, I think it sucks! When you see the original setup and supermarionation movies (Thunderbirds are gone, Thunderbird 6), I was hoping for something better than that. <br /> <br /> The original supermarionation was a lot more sophisticated and elegant than this live masking action. (And he says it nicely.) - Kip Wells
