I'm not a fan book series behind the books - written to a 6th grade reading level and a lack of research and understanding of science, technology, and politics. While the books manage to remain faithful to scripture, the methods of fulfilling the prophecies are often ridiculous (an example is the explanations for the Russian / Arabic invasion of Israel). Also, the books contain a precedent precedent that will turn believers rather than bring them to the gospel. Still, I find myself reading these books because of my interest in the events of Revelation. For a similar reason, I watched this movie adaptation. I am sad to say that it is a rather mediocre movie film on the poor. Acting is actually rather decent for the most part and occasional bits of poor acting and over-acting. The script is rather bad, though it is hardly unexpected when starting with the novel as a base. Characters are wrongly drawn and underdeveloped. Events feel disseminated and disconnected. The dialogue sometimes sounds running. At least the book manages and meat out its hokey conspiracy theory. Here, the viewer is left with an incoherent mess that only makes sense if one reads the book. Rhythm of the movie is also very poorly executed with the opening and conclusions that seem very hurry, and the medium drags into a slow intruder trudging that makes it feel padded. The music is schizophrenic. At times, he successfully emphasizes the mood and sound fitting for a motion picture. At other times, she reminds me of sitcom and mini-set music. And still other bits remind me of a Poppy MTV band that just does not belong to the movie. I can give the movie dots for the panic scene on the board of the plane, but that's it. The other scene involving disasters after rapture is far more compelling. The film also suffers from preachiness of the book although its message is not as good as in your face. In all, I found the movie just as disappointing as the series. This is not the movie Christian gatherings around her. I hope that this movie does not get any attention to theaters next year. It would be more public bad publicity for Christianity. For an example of a compelling, intelligent, well-based-based Revelation that presents a realistic world with Christian life without offending the secular reader (which after all would be a Christian trying to happen), Christ Clone's trilogy does not James BeauSeigneur. It's a great read and it's a better choice for believers or believers who value quality.
