Never before have the motifs of producers in a motion picture were more transparent. Let's see: FIRST, they found all televangelist wanting this movie to hype as the greatest thing since slicing white bread. NEXT, many fundamental Christians are encouraged to purchase copies of the movie so that they can recover their miserable production costs and pump up its advertising budgets. And finally, when the film hit theaters, get as much as saying that Christians as possible to see it again, buses in the multiplexes if needed, NOT on the merits of the movie itself, but because a # 1 box office The opening will look like some sort of spiritual victory. <br /> But that, of course, will not be enough. I imagine that any movie criticism and audacity give "Left Behind" anything short of a glowing review will be deemed "anti-Christian." Of course, this mechanically manipulative marketing campaign should not surprise anyone. It is, after all, good old fashioned capitalist to work. What surprise me is how many people have suckered at all "Left Behind" attitude. As someone who tries to balance his spiritual beliefs with some sense of purpose and rationality, he let me scratch myself. It would seem that there are many, many people who actually believe that sometime in the near future a "rapture" will happen, and that millions of people around the world will simultaneously disappear into THIN AIR. What kind of reality, I ask, are these people living in? Is this "rational" something to actually believe in, or is it something to fervently want to believe? But when they reach the end of their lives and realize this "rapture" has not happened, will they be ashamed of despair? Is there always someone 100 years now who emphasize that the "rapture" is imminent? <br /> In a way, I almost wish that such an event would happen! What an exciting day that might be! What would be even more interesting is if the Apocalypse has arrived in a more spectacular fashion, not in the sense of anthropological authors of the series "Left Behind" was described, but as more of a Stephen Spielberg production, and cloud boiling trumpets, angels descended from heaven, and moon turned into blood, all the nails. Imagine coming to the realization that it all comes true, as the evangelists were warning years, and that there was something more scary than just the cold, tough, physical reality we lived. Would not be something ??? <br /> But in the final analysis, it's that cold, hard, physical reality that I will content myself with. My life is not so meaningful that I'm afraid of a "rapture" and "End Times" to make sense to it all ... nor do I need the heaven or hell bribe or scare me to behave very carefully , thank you very much.
