I'm a Christian ... and I feel that this film is awful. <br /> <br /> No one but hard-core, Bib-belt Christians will love this movie. The message is just too in your face. If you want to handle a wider audience, you must do more subtle ways. You can not have the father to wake the Bible around and carry it with him in every scene. Ridiculous! <br /> <br /> Poor direction. The revelation of the missing people would have been dire, but it was ridiculous. They left their clothes on the ground? He reminds me of old Ed Wood movies: "Oh my God! Missing!" That scene of the plane is just stupid. Think about it: if you found your relative dress next to you, you would not just call "oh my god .. they disappear! They're missing!" and begin to cry and call. You would first of refusal ... you just would not go to that conclusion. See Jodie Foster of FLIGHTPLAN. My favorite shot is the dog sitting out on the lawn and a pile of clothes and boots sitting beside him. I fell on the couch I laughed so hard. <br /> <br /> The music was so bad and so distracted. It was as if the composer was in his own world scoring his own movies. "here's my chance to make a thriller", "here's my chance to do action!" Stop telling me how to get COVELL GAMES! A good note supports what's happening on the screen ... this movie needs more of a UNDER score, but instead it was as much of your face as the message was. So was Captain Christian Kirk Cameron. Chelsea got worse: "you do not understand! Missing!". Brad Johnson was sad. Two standing out performances came from anti-Christ and the older guy (sorry, can not remember their names) in watching the "do" (answering my question to "what they thought ???") , producers and filmmakers and actors are just deluding themselves ... saying "we will reach wide audience" and "Brad Johnson is amazing" and "this is just like a Hollywood movie". I came to the conclusion that they just do not know what the "heck" are doing. <br /> I commend the effort. When receiving the message at a wide audience is a fantastic idea. The film is the best way to do this. Look at movies such as AWAKE WIDE, SIGN, CONTACT, THE PASSION OF CHRIST, OBROTHER WHERE THERE IS ALWAYS? The bottom line is that the movie needs to be made by talented people and visions. Unfortunately, it was not.
