Well, now, I know there are millions of Americans who believe in the rapture: moments when all born again in Christ will rapture up to meet God, and the rest of mankind will remain on earth perished in plagues and fire and heartbreak of psoriasis as the Antichrist fights it out with Jesus (in an uncharacteristically warlike mode). And I know the books were the best seller. . Believers harmony, anyway. But I mean, they saturated this movie in a bag and beat it with the sucking rod. <br /> I'm sure you do not have any disrespect to all of that. books are best. Really. <br /> <br /> The plot does not need to be repeated. If you've watched this movie, the chances you read the book. I can be one of the only people on earth who actually watch this just for the bad-doing-doing bad thing, and I'm not disappointed. Especially not Kirk Cameron, the little climb "Growing Pain" Gremlin, who came to age on showing, found Christ, and decided that the SHOW should reflect his Christian value. Well, Kirk, you've been curious about going to the dogs, but now you can be happy that you are spreading the word of the bad films, never even making it to the theater release. Well, that's not exactly true: I guess this was the only movie ever made that goes to DVD FIRST, and a good look for a free look at the movie when it was briefly released in the theater! I always have the good! How many people should you have shown? I do not know about you, but never came to my town. Of course, I live in New York City, where we liberalize Godless sitting beside tearing pages from the Bible and using them in rolling joints. So you go. In fact, I'll bet from three million people in Manhattan Island, not one should catch. <br /> <br /> Check out the extra materials on the DVD, where you will learn to climb behind the scenes details of these movies. . .The CAST and CREW should all be of the same religious thought. They do not come out and say this, but listen carefully to what they say. It's like a bunch of puppies getting together doing a pod film. How creepazoid is that? Honestly, this thing just announced the conversion, does not it? Can you imagine anyone who does not subscribe to the whole Apocalypse thing watching this, tapping his forehead and saying, "HOLY HOOVER DAM! I'm best to get saved PRONTO!" Whatever, I'm tuned. I have to see the rest of these Christian fiasco films, especially one with Gary Busey, which I think is TRIBULATIONS. At least Busey has an excuse to take part ... He rubbed himself on some pavers when he crashed his motorcycle. <br /> <br /> Oh, and one more thing. What's with all the shots of the poor, innocent dogs whimpering, bind them to drag insect on the ground, because the masters are called in the sky? What's up with that? Are you supposed to feel bad for the dogs, and if we do, what must we do for God? Is it not IRK who does not have space in the sky for the best friend of the man? Foo. <br /> This is one reason why I'm agnostic. Good night and good luck.
