It has been a while since seeing this the first time, so I watch it again with the second movie in the series. While I realized there is a 3rd movie out that I have not seen yet, I will review under the original title ... Just in the viewpoint of value production, screen screens, and movie making, this movie fails at many levels, even if it succeeds on a few as well. What can you expect from a low budget, "B" movie? Not much, and it works in the production point. However, the writing is certainly disjointed, and little in the way of character development ... exactly what I would expect when there is an agenda of a movie. I did not have a problem with acting ... the solid cast; However, the scenario of both movies gives the little actors the opportunity to really stretch themselves. Because the film is "Christian," this is predictable, as you can not very well show violent mess in the "time to finish" without breaking some of the ethics that are normally associated with Christianity. In other words, the error comes in doing this in a G-rated movie when the content, even at the most conservative in Bible interpretation, would be R-rated by any measure. So if the purpose of the movie is to scare people into Christian faith, then the movie should be a bit scary, right? However, you can not comment on a movie adaptation from a book without commenting on the book, or in this case, series of books. There are certainly many Christian materials deserved enough to be made in the movies but not the "Left Behind" series ... and these movies finally fail because, while their best sellers are poorly written books based on theological theologians. As a Southern Minister, I confessed that the books were a pleasure to blame for me, though I have yet finished the last two books in the series. I was described as decent fiction, and if the books would take into account that this is one "possibility" or interpretation of the subject of biblical eschatology (study of the "time to finish"), then I was able to live with this, this series is divisive in Christian circles because it promotes "literalist" interpretation of all the above hermeneutic writing. Evidently, this leads to "pre-tribal, pre-milenial" provisions point of view, which limits an all-powerful God so far by the world of mankind.In other words, as I have always said, God should not need our helicopters and bombs to perform his final work.But because many people, Christians Particularly unstudied, can not think beyond their own world-views, we leave with a pro-conservative position, fundamentalism and regard to Bible interpretation, and attempts to push it into the "only" interpretation. So the books carry with them an agenda, not so much to get the "loser" to understand the needs of Christ, but to say that fundamental point Antiquarian life is the only way to understand the Bible. I remember very clearly reading (several years ago) in the second novel a scene where the characters referenced someone who was "left behind" certain of which does not adherence to this point of view; as if "real" Christians deserved to "seek out" could not possibly keep in another eschatology. This is disturbing for many reasons, the least that is because a "rapture" is only briefly mentioned in Scripture and its connection to real, end-time prophecy is the best evil. <br /> But the real problem with these books comes in ways to divide the Christian community and how to show "true" Christian behavior. Finally, I feel that I have kept more people in a legitimate legitimacy / religion rather than having people towards it. It looks like all the Christians of karikat, equally disordered and laughing in the world despite the fact that there are theological rooms for a wide variety of believers in Christian thought and practice. As a Christian body, on the whole, we have done enough to that kind of damage to society over 2000 years of history ... and we certainly do not need to encourage it by film thousands, perhaps millions of others. <br /> So, the "Left Behind" films fail because the book "Left Behind" books do not deserve to be interpreted in movies.
