The legend of Bloody Jack is set in the Alaska desert and begins as a relative of some auxiliary lumberjack who died his incantations (the Wrong style (1982) from a former Spell book in an attempt to resurrect him, He succeeded and was not a big believer in the family unit dumber lumberjack killing his family. Two days later Ray (Travis Quentin Young) and his Dawn sister (Erica Hoag), his companion Nick (Craig Bonacorsi) & four The friends pull up a cozy cozy cabin (the bad city dies ...) and a look at a relaxing weekend in the desert. Unfortuntaely killer show off steel lumberjack with her ax & start killing single-by- one ... Edited, written, executive product & directed by Todd Portugal This is a very stunning modern flick slasher in which is killing the horror genre for me, I'm just not a big fan of ultra low film supporting budget and The output values ​​of a holiday video. The script is absolutely awful at all f Asunto for 80 minutes, it has all blasts slasher, the character of terrible, the dialogue is awful and it's hard to take care of anyone or something of this excuse very valuable for a teen slasher movie. Gentlemen are even more annoying and stupid than usual, the script is more silly, predictable & defective than the usual & killer Lumberjack dude is just lame. Then there's the final 10 minutes or that, if you make it that far and believe it's hard to go, produce one of the worst dead end of the movie slasher story as far as I'm concerned pokes the pleasure of our audience The pay that has just had to sit in 90 minutes worth of crap. I will now spoil the ending for anyone who does not want to know it stopped reading now. Basically just before the end of the film she cut back at Ray tells a story & it turned out he told the story of what we just saw & Nick & Dawn & everyone else warned him to say such a bad story (I felt to pain) & then proceed to choosing holes in it & laugh at it. From why they stood in & discussing, why not they chose the ax up & things I felt like this had poking fun at the audience as these were the kind of things I was asking myself while she was look at this crap & rate did it go down to my throat and I made it perfectly clear that the musicians knew the script was crap & could see all the holes in it & went for a twist that ended that unashamedly garbage 80 The previous minutes (which we just had to sit in to remember) is just a little grille. Then they add insult to dude crashes in Lumberjack turned up and killed everyone in two minutes, why it does not start with? It would have saved everyone very much time. <br /> <br /> Portal portal turns into a real mess, this has the worst continuity between night and day in a movie I've ever seen. The whole movie meant to wear at night & I suspect the musicians tried to use the day for either process but did not work & most of it seems to wear during the day. For example, look at when Lisa is trapped in the bathroom & she climbs out of the window. It is clear clear outside when looking for inside the toilet, but when it falls into the ground and the films off in an exterior shot of bright daylight. Then there's reality Ranger Vince tells us we can not find a research party from here until 'morning' indicating he was supposed to be nighttime, then several minutes later when he walked out & it seems to be mid in the day it is actually carrying around a torch that is clearly on & it is clearly pointing it toward where it is looking like its night. Anytime there is a set of scenes in the cockpit window in the window, it's dark black out and when the ranger walks through the door to start and is also another clear example. The continuity of this film is simply the worst I've ever seen. There are many gore, there are a few scenes of an ax going into human body but nothing memorable. It's not scary, there is no tension or atmosphere with the terrible day & Continued night is just to distract because it's so obvious. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is under rock, yet the continuity between midnight & day has to be seen to be believing how bad it is. The special effects are poor & they could not even afford to show a car blowing even though it is very important in the scheme. This hour amateur has written all over it from start to finish. The acting is absolutely brilliant and everyone involved should get an Oscar, just be playing joking, not really being awful and even the girls who got their breasts out were not very good looking. <br /> <br /> The legend of Bloody Jack is just a terrible flicker slasher kid, it seems he's fired on a camcorder without the use of a tripod or steadycam, it has terrible effects, is boring & there An endless twist is either the most insulted in horror film stories or I've got it totally wrong & it's the smarter. Do not recommend looking at a decent slasher from 70 or 80 years to remind you how to do it.
