Even duller, if possible, pass the original (I hope I can say under the IMDb guidelines). THE FRENCH CONCEPTIONS at least tried to absorb European influences, to complicate the American convention's conventional detective, though the attempt was established by Friedkin, Americans and general indebted ambitions. The workshop boom (relative) in the 1960s (especially with the New Wave) allows for a great influence in the European movie in Hollywood. This lent a new vigor and complexity in a weary medium, and, at best of them (eg Bonny and Clyde, Early Scorcese), a new grant to getting practice. The original CONNECTION was part of this movement, with its diffamal style, distance and anti-detective figures. DE is the right-wing Hollywood wing of Americans. This is the figurehead of America's many cheese dialect dialectics. For example, TWO is shooting as a French 70s policeman. It was French, of course, that insisted on the magnitude of American cinema when they were ignored at home, and that, in a sense, is a reclamation, a warning against Gallic assumptions. This can be seen in the model of the two films. CONNECTION has French gangsters raiding New York, and the French style smothering the American thrill - this leads to the dissolution of the detective face, and the irresistible plot - the baddie got away. <br /> <br /> The two Americans return to France, with the value of American thrill imposed on the genre - authentic is the power of the detective and the conventional resolution detected. This is more dramatized in Doyle's relationship with French Barthelmy inspectors, whose dominant influence must be shaken before it can control the scheme. <br /> <br /> Two seem to follow the original by sabotaging its detective hero. From the start, Doyle's importance is reduced to every turn. Despite the completion of CONNECTION, he is considered a hero. But he is an American in a foreign country, and his inability to control language or custom means he can not dominate the plot. He even misread the signs of the police force, making an informer for a criminal, and getting him killed. <br /> A power detective from his power as the subject sees and interprets, but Doyle spends much of the movie being watched, monitored, an object, a body (literally in the scenes after it was cast by Charnier) must see and interpret. In connection, he instructed the action, chasing the criminals, forcing the plot; here it is passive, tied to a bed, close to a cell, a addict, a dependent. This phallic power loss is predictably symbolized by the loss of his weapon, and the film follows a familiar depression of the Old Trajectory. In the heroin sequences, he is comforted by an old lady saying he looks like his son. His drug status is like a return to the uterus, stealing from adult pressure. It takes her look to boost the timelessness of this state, meaningful meaning for a career man depending on schedule and accuracy. Oedipus was first detective, and to avoid her fate, Doyle must reject this fake mother who dissolves her unified identity and kills the father (Charnier) so that she can take her masculine role in society . The psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 70s (ironically instructed by a Frenchman, Jacques Lacan), but it's rare to see a movie literally full of it. <br /> <br /> If all of these trends tend to minimize Doyle, then the movie style is not. Friedkin distanced us from her heroes by denying sympathy or motivation character, focusing on the plot mechanics. Here, Doyle is a very conventional Hollywood hero. Instead of being lost in long naked shotgun, it is being revealed and understood for the viewer and traditional devices - point-of-view shots, close ups, connecting shots etc. <br /> <br /> Two is everything on the fall and rise of Popeye Doyle. Draw in this case is the subservient act, which is the usual Hackman showiness. The cold cod scenes, therefore, despite their tediousness, are not disturbing. We may share rather than observing cold; This is a disturbing discomforting experience. The scenes are also shot in with an unhealthy sensation that is very American. <br /> So while CONNECTION tried to imitate the complex stairs of Jean Pierre Melville, making the opposite complete. Melon in LE SAMOURAI has featured a criminal who started whole movie, powerful, foreign language, and eventually disintegrated board. TWO starts with a disengage character, achieved partly of inability and language, whose dominance begins when it steps out the language - the sequence sequences conclude are largely wordless. <br /> In the film, locals and languages ​​are as important as they are fixed and weakens the detective, but as he regains his power (calculated in the return of his weapon, and the cathartic burning of the primal site of vulnerability, block of the tower where Charnier has kept it), the Marseille environment becomes more irritable, with the stand-off mythical, which could take place anywhere, taking over. Compare endings of these films: one admits ambiguity and despair, other absolute certainty. <br />
