I originally gave this a two-to-two episode to the two- I now want I'd think more about it. I also wanted to have negative rating options. <br /> Look at her, I was amazed at how poor the whole thing came from start to finish. I worship Ron Pearlman, and John Carpenter ... So what was wrong ?? The last episode of Epic 13 was pulled due to the road to handle the abortion problem. I think that this season Mr Carpenter manages to do something so gray-area that you can not immediately see if it is pro-choice or anti-abortion. It was only after I was sitting and thinking about it that I realized it is very anti-abortion to get this clearer at the end when 'Mother' launches the baby and kills it, in dismay of the 'Father' who is walking off of grief, leaving the mother injured. But we also see it in how Ron P.'s characters treat - I hardly think that if someone proved themselves sufficient in a threat to the past so as to have a restrictive order against him that they would not Immediately may be ringing the police. Instead we have the nearly sympathetic guard to deal with it (only to pay for it to the end) I do not mind someone who has a strong view on something, even though it is not something agreed in, but I think it's bit blame not to stand beside this, rather than trying to look like they're sitting somewhere in the middle. <br /> But political issues aside, this episode was far worse. The music was the retro-70 and just plain did not work. Acting (other than Ron P.) was poor. The effects were very frightening - it could be the best just-by-show the monster all but showing excuses for the lame for a monster. <br /> All that has been said, I'm glad they have Masters of Horror - I do not mind sitting in some really poor episodes to find those good. It's a bit like renting horror movies from the video-video store every now and yet you get a good and it does make it all worth while. I agree with the poster saying maybe the name needs to change from Masters - some of these people just plain do not deserve the title. (Let me stress tho- even what I hate this episode, John Carpenter TOTALLY deserve the title. It is a master to arrive and happen)
