I went to a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes I just ran and chose out some. I stumble over "Masters of Horror" with "Pro-Life" and "Right to Die". They looked OK, even-old cheesy horror crap, but I was interested for some reason. He said about Pro-life on the case of being a classic, a return to form John Carpenter (I liked the "thing", so I thought this would be good) and all that. So I turned her to think it would be something great and interesting, I was very wrong ... She started off casual, just a girl running in a jungle, scared of something. A car stopped and chose it (just so that the people he needed to see, amazing?) They took him back to some clinics and examined him, in sametime all of this happening his dad appeared at the gates and do not allow it in, it is not loud near the area. Most likely from something he would do in the past, but you do not know of any of this at this time. She really does not want her daughter to this place, an abortion center. It is very strong against these acts, believing that it's loathsome and not what "God" would want. It "supports" what I have heard called "Pro-Life". Act against abortion and go to extremes that allow the babies to be born, they are sick. They do not like the life of an unborn person, but were killed in the past for allowing birth? Justice is just a figure in mind. Anyway, go back on track, after the girl examines them to find out shy pregnant but far ahead than it should be. It's only a week of pregnancy, but it's months ahead. It keeps telling them they do not understand it, and that he wants an abortion with all, but ultimately tells the truth that he was raped by a demon from hell, and that his father wants this baby (but believes "God" want this baby, not the person who really does). He gets his 3 sons (they arm themselves with guns and rifles), and start making them the way to the clinic (shoot down anyone who will not co-operate). The head of the clinic, who must have had problems with them in the past, is well prepared this time. The end of killing one's grandson's father, but in the end gets to shoot a few times (wearing a bullet proof jacket). The father then does what he believes to do to the women. She cut off a hole, where the vagina would be if she is a female, and sticks some sort of thing sucking up and absorbs all without that. While all this happens, the girl gives birth to a few demons and many feet, and some demons come from the underground (not in the same room) and start looking for her baby. The father saw this later on, and he began to question why this happened, he did what he said, and did not understand why he was like this. The demon killed both her son earlier, and now goes for Dad ... The girl also killed the baby, and the demon carried him away (not at the same scene). <br /> Yeah, it probably sounds very cool, with a thrilling thriller movie, but it is not. The act is horrible and lacking enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, to choose the wrong characters and not even build on them; just everything together, all small parties, does not even add up to something big, a waste of time. I would not classify this as a horror, though it has the movie element, to ultimately weaken the attempts to succeed. He felt more like a "beginner" Short Film, spent by John Carpenter. <br /> <br /> Sorry for lack of information, and detailed reviews, I just did not have time to waste something to write something interesting. Also regret if my spelling and details are incorrect, I could not really be bothered to do anything research.
