I was looking forward to seeing John Carpenter's episode in Season 2 because his first, Burns Cigarette, was by far the best from Season 1 (and I did like other bouts of this season). Oh, how I was disappointed. <br /> In fairness Carpenter I think the main problem with this episode was written absolutely horrible. The characters, aside from the subject, seemed to behave and speak as if they were written for an episode of Walker, Texas Ranger. The act was bad, and I almost like Ron Perlman, but I can only blame them much because the writing was so awful. I will not try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless but it seemed as if they were trying to mix horrors (obviously) with some forms of social commentary on abortion and religion. In that case, not surprisingly, it seemed a chance to bash a certain variety or black religious as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. And I favored both goals but it did so harshly that I was embarrassed to look at the characters acting and talking to these stupid inconsistencies. This fails totally to offer any refreshing views on the subjects and elements of horror elements as well as those inattentive writing. <br /> While I do not think Cafeteria might have been blaming for most of the wrongdoing here I'll say she has chosen to direct the teleplay and therefore has what to be responsible for. There are a couple of small bits that I get nice, hence the 2 stars I gave it. The current war and the effects of the monster were good, but the CGI gorillas (two samples separated from the top) were so obviously inferior to the CGI quality they would never have given to the OK. I'm generally critical of CGI but not because I have a problem with it in principle. I have a problem with the execution of it. The technology, while amazing in some respects, is not good enough to match "real" effects, whether to be miniature or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and / or lively, and therefore should not be used until they. CGI can be used in small quantities or obviously if the whole movie is animated. <br /> I'll also take this opportunity to remember that the title shows, Masters of Horror, is a bad title to have. There are simply not many current "lord of horrors" around. Maybe two or three. If the show is called "story of horror" or something like it would be good. But as it says the criteria for leading one of these episodes, and therefore being criticized for being a "lord of terror" is that they have directly at least a horror movie in their careers. And it did not even have to be a good one.
