SLIGHT PROBLEM (but it does not matter anyway). <br /> An exercise in gobblygook in catastrophic proportions is not even worthy of the lines I need to put those remarks on the netwaves. This is the worst one episode of the Masters series on the date and the first qualifying for the Mystery Science Theater mystery treatment. Even though it took me an entire half hour to realize the angle was intriguing, it was still a very blunt mess. Its single value lies in the perspective that one force realizes that in addition to gore and ugly mask the genre only succeeds when the classic cinematic notions of photography and lighting, dialogue and acting, editing and distribution are set to use. Here are absent and John Carpenter has no master. Period. And no scrutinizing analysis of the social comment is easy here to change it. Strange, Carpenter has never been anything more than a B director, but at least these films such as 'Fog' and 'The Thing' had a terrific atmosphere (the latter is one of my favors). act. Angle camera stuck in cement. Rhythm tensionless. But perhaps the only reckless element in the episode is the scenario that of course JC can not really be blamed for (unless the writers were ami of Cody.) The first two minutes of the word-word of a girl running in A jungle only to be almost run off by a scully-Mulder Duo would be the first and last thing that works in the movie. But come on, a wounded girl in a deserted woods nowhere in particular in desperate need of an abortion soon rendezvous with the fender in a pair of women's 'right women' clinics just happening at the end of the road is around the corner. Oh, and I will not even nitpick about how the doc whats the crash of the car and speeds away from 0 to 60 in six seconds. These wonders for possible broken cube or concussion. <br /> <br /> Then things are falling apparently real quick. The empty dialogue "I just want to help you", endlessly the sluggish return and idea of ​​the gateway, tactical battle battles like off the phone line (at the age of cell phones) followed by shot-out: a party- again Ramboesque clinical director vs Ron Perlman and Bullfte High School out for a few kicks at break breaks. Another nice line: "So, what are we going to do?" from the kid who just was sitting on a pile of assault rifles in the back of the wind. He, no, is not yet seasonal. So, who needs these teen boys anyway. What about the old good tried and true the lunatic method of Lone that bashes his way to the gate and his all-American SUV? <br /> As for the exchange of scene stage prom, the cuts here were as stiff as the stakkato in a comic strip DC. All that was missing was Wham, Bam, and Whiz in the balloon titles. And all of the melody of a band that deserves an old manic episode. At one point we learn that Daddy is not really the father, but at this point we have not led to much care any more. The only source of this dramatic drama is the conflict between the father's pro-life and her pregnant daughter who is only grateful to have no twins. But there is not one scene, flashback or not, where they actually get together. They remain abstract only with each other at all. <br /> <br /> With the exception of the single single gate of the characters is absolutely dislikeable. Bland, hysterical, match-led, macho. As perfectly flat as wallpaper people can. None of the doctors seem to have nothing medical on them. And there's that father's father that his father's pregnancy is as if he himself was the companion to stress out. He fortunately reads. There are two great MST-deserved comic moments: the gusher when Angelica's plumbing goes out and later the new cheese is made with a stuck on the baby's head. Also beautiful was Angelica's Belly Ball Ball before it finally popped the right-to-life monster in hell. As for the luxurious male scene ... well, they should have kept mike the episode and ban this one instead. <br /> <br /> In short, a 3rd baby rosemary rate meets foreigners putting on the turf at a M.A.S.H. Episode. This stinker alone, appreciated only in today's generation-16 generation, will ensure that someone else has said here, that this series will not be renewed for a third season. A real shame, since there was a number of brilliant productions, including these parody really decent as Dante's Residence 'McKee's sick girl McKee' girl 'sick girl. Not to mention the superb imagery of Malone at Fairhaired Children. <br /> <br /> Sorry, John Carpenter, I believe your direct day ends. It's time to run for President.
