* FULL FOOD IN REVISION * This film was awful. I'm a big baseball fan so I thought I would watch it, and I was very disappointed. It started out okay .. When I saw the bad influence DeNiro had about his son, I hoped he would become a better father of all the movie or something. Anyways, at the beginning it seemed as if DeNiro was supposed to be the protagonist. He was the only one who believed in Bobby, and he had his adorable son that he had lost guard, who gave me a reason to feel bad for him. She wants to help Bobby not talk to Primo, when she's out of nowhere brutally sewing Primo to death ... Not to mention reckless screams "I want **** YOU !!!!" at random. But after DeNiro saved Bobby's son from drowning, I hoped the movie could buy himself .. He could forgive himself for killing Primo if he saved Bobby's son. But of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie, because everything he cares about getting credits for the murder, and does not steal sounds, cars, and Bobby dogs and keeps them hostage Bobby just has hit a home run and announces that DeNiro is a "true fan" while displaying a picture of biting a knife. <br /> Now we get to the stage completely unrealistic at the end ... It is pouring like hell and we are hoping to believe that the game was not called. Then DeNiro somehow magic appears on the field of an arbitrary suit and calls Bobby out of the house, pulling procedures out his knife and starts to sew all who run on the field. There are no officers on the field (but the police are on their way), so DeNiro steps down the hill and prepares to prevent a Bobby knife when he gets shot to death. But do not worry, this happy and beautiful movie has a happy ending, because Bobby finds her son. <br /> <br /> This is not a sports movie. It's not about a fan. As far as I know, fans are not rabid-minded psychotherapists threatening, robbing, and throwing knives to admire them. This is likely to be the sick movie I'll ever see in my life. The draw was deep, the band sucked, the film had no reason too. I warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a movie.
