The London Underground has something to naturally climb over, with its long tunnel, the escalators take you deeper and deeper underground, and of course the rats roaming the tracks. It's a source of wonder that it's not used in film horror more often. He was used to the Deathline aka Raw Meat Sisters, featuring a Cuban tribe living in a mess, tunnel and sequel to chase the American werewolf in London. So I was glad to see someone else trying to capitalize on the atmosphere of the tube at night with Creep recent UK production. <br /> I think the movie started well, with a very effective credit sequence that was really unnerving, followed by a scene from the sewers that lay up the site of being something wrong streets in London. However, Creep came down from here, and I found I want that I would change it after that opening stage, leaving me with a favorable impression of the movie. All the characters become unsympathetic and incredible, even Potente himself, and the director felt the need to hit us on the head and social commentary on homelessness. He also made the mistake of displaying the "Monster" in full lighting, where he ceased to be remotely scared, and revealing his name to be Craig. How can you have a monster called Craig? It becomes an X Record-type stuff, and reminds one of the epic grabs. In fact, I wanted Mulder and Scully to turn up and stare them all out for me. <br /> As for the sexual tragedy violence, it's very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. It seems to be simply shocking the audience rather than for any intrinsic intrinsic value. The problem is it is so overhead and terrible that it actually grows you into the rest of the horror, which is a mistake as it's only half of the movie. So have you gone. Only features are redeemed in the movie so I was a rare appearance from Ken Campbell, one of my favorite occasional actors. You do not see it very often, but when it's on the screen it acts all over the corner. His casting as a sewerage was a stroke of engineering, unfortunately the obvious sole of the film.
