Although there are a lot of familiar "TVs" names associated with "A Man Calling Sledge", there is nothing extraordinary about the movie itself or about any of their performances. In fact, the only thing that distinguishes it from the 1960's-70's series as "patrol to rat" is a major cast and a lot more violence. James Garner is the biggest star and apparently thought he should try to break away from everything the light comedy he did ("Maverick", "Supports your local Sheriff" - "Gunfighter" etc.). Unfortunately its land readiness is working against it, as Sledge is a humorless character written in cash on the popularity of Spagetti's western feature of Clint Eastwood. But Eastwood's stuff was not this flat and refreshing. <br /> I suppose that "A man called Sledge" can be classified as a Western spaghetti although the rhythm is too slow to really fit that sub-genre. Fans of TV series slowly "combat" will feel an instant connection as Vic Morrow directed the film and co-writing the script with Frank Kowalski. Throw in some vaccines then slow-word and cross-dissolve, calling attention to themselves rather than serving a story-telling purpose. <br /> <br /> The plot is the standard "great heist" thing (insert the "Wagon Wagon" here) and Sledge draws how to make a $ 300,000 shipment. Her gang includes Claude Akins and Dennis Weaver. The problem is that while on the move the shipment is guarded by 40 outriders and while stopping it is close to a vault inside the territorial prison. I think there was an episode of "Alias ​​Smith and Jones" with the same scheme. The story would make a decent hour of television, but gets old very fast as a movie full of padded stuff. Garner does not allow any of his charms in the flow of its characterization and the movie does not generate enough suspension to maintain the viewer's interest. <br /> <br /> The thing finally crashes and burns shortly after the heist when the gang is engaged in a totally logical and logical map. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
