I love cinema on UFOs, which is why I recently decided to return to EYES during the CARAR after seeing it when I was a kid back in the late 1970s. And now I have to write a review about it because I'm afraid I'll start to forget everything about it FAST. You see, even if EBTS is not bad, it's VERY expensive and uncontrollable. The story is interesting, but flat. The actors are good, but the roles are boring and slightly confusing. FXs are terribly amateur but I can neglect something like that if the movie is compelling, which, unfortunately, this one is not. <br /> <br /> Also, there is plenty of violence and there's no nude, which makes this year 1970 Italian Sci-Fi opus a very unusual, because if there's one thing that distinguishes Italian movies cinema Made in the 1970s from genre movies in other countries made in the same decade, it's the amazing amount of violence and gender found in them. Strangely enough, because of the almost complete lack of OS component, EBTS stands out from the rest of the park. I do not know if this can be seen as a compliment though. Personally, I can enjoy a movie without sex and violence, but I think EBTS needs more violence and some sex here and have spice it up because it is so deadly dull and dry. And special effects are not special. <br /> The story itself is actually interesting. It's a combo in the X-files and Antonioni's BLANBOT: a photographer accidentally captures aliens on film during a fashionable shooting in the country. Aliens are known to have been captured on film and continue to kidnap the photographer with a model, immediately destroy any evidence of their presence on earth. The problem begins when the model meets a man in the apartment recently kidnapping the photographer (this will take place just before it's to be kidnapped). The man takes some of the negative and leaves, and the aliens who have no knowledge of the missing ones. The whole story is about the man wanting to know more about the aliens and a secret spy group that wants to get a hold of their negative. The majority of the movie centers around boring political intrigue, in the spyware spyware variety. UFO elements of the story are almost indifferent and can easily be replaced by any cold McGuffin war. But as dull as the EARS, they look like the X-FILES a lot! I wonder if Chris Carter saw this film. Anyway, the best thing about EBTS is the POV vaccine, which is creepy and effective. But the rest is almost completely forgettable, including goofy looking outs. <br /> Even though I was mostly negative about this movie, I varied it however. I always remember the effective ad campaign that scared me when I saw it as a kid. And I own the video. The movie could be so much more if he did well. Oh well ...
