Creep is the story of Kate (Potente), an unbelievably bitch unlike bourgeois who finds himself somehow sleeping in the noise of the last underground train, and wakes up to find himself close to the tube station. After a meeting of the meeting somehow react and he should rapist Guy on a mystery train that runs after the lines closed, things go awry and find himself chasing down on the streets of the city. Its history is linked to that of George (Blackwood), a former con-working in the sewer system; they meet in the final third of the movie, made together by the attempts to escape the monster that pursues them. <br /> <br /> The couple continues in an increasingly easy range; From the tube station, the sewers are completed before somehow find themselves in some sort of abandoned underground operations. Most tubing stations do not have toilets, so how one has a surgery is beyond me. Of course, the film cares about explaining that the operation does not have water. But does it have electricity? Just one of many inconsistencies that works against the atmosphere of daily credibility that the movie tries to create. <br /> <br /> Monster in itself is a problem. There is a complete lack of reasoning for his actions, he just kills for obvious reasons. Then, of course it holds some alive so there is no real reason either, perhaps just so they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so run time. I understand that natural harm is supposed to be scary, but then the movie tries to explain itself through a photo of a doctor and his son, with a few shots of some jars with baby, and yes It's just as tired and sad as it sounds. He also failed to explain how the animal was underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating solely in raptor screams, but not long enough for its fear of decay shorts. Hmm. This doctor business leads to scenes that are desperate attempts to film the implant itself on your memory, and while it is gorish and uncomfortable to watch, it just is not enough. The final third of the hinges film on an emotional relationship that never exists, and the characters break down and recover for little or no explanations. George Crash, can not deal with something wrong to claim that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and Kate gets emotionally tough seconds after he goes to pieces on someone who wears him for a ride. Yeah. After starting as a "this could happen to anyone" film, it quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. A complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspicion makes this one to avoid.
