Originally called the Changer. The Nostril Picker is a malicious story constructed on a solitary named Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who "loves to tease". Can socially interact with her girl bumps into a hump that teaches her a Vietnamese special song. This "chant" involves whistling 'London Bridge is Fall Down' also jumping around like a Morris epileptic dancer. However, ugly Joe tries it out with hey presto! She is now a girl. Ideally it needs to be a young guy in order to attract girls. But not talking about ideal here - this movie was born in 1983 and was published in 1993, in an ideal world it should never have been released. <br /> <br /> The film is armed in this horror of this horror as the "stubborn idea, Ham threatens story telling". It's worse than that. The Nostril Picker really takes the biscuit, in fact, all the God-damaged cookie casserole. Large classroom dialogue was delivered by brain-dead actors, a ridiculous plot and a predictable twist. Just when things could not get any more absurd than the story goes on its own meaningless meaning. For example, Joe decided to kill the girls by changing back to himself. But I thought he wanted to get close to them? By content and being a murderer Joe also turned into a cannibal and eaten some of his victims, which had only around 3-4. <br /> <br /> Emphasize this horrible movie involving Joe picking up a hooker (Steven Andrews) then taking "it" back to his apartment. What happens next to belief beliefs ... Joe turns into a man, but also discovers the hooker's a man. How does she react? Well, in a Benny Hill-equipped fashion, she pursues "her" in the apartment with a bunch of dildo dildas only to travel up on a blow up doll. God knows what Patrick J Matthews and Stephen Hodge thought. At least this stage paved the way for another priceless moment. This involves the male hooker reporting the incident to a curly haired police officer and a 2-bit 'cop' jumble shop uniform. The hilarious act is a must see. Especially the hack's incapacity to say "dildo" and demand for "satisfaction". <br /> <br /> Apart from the above incident this monotone off sticker was a complete makeup. You know the bad movie when the DVD trailers were more interesting. Normally, I would be fast forward to the good bits, only there was no here. The main action sections involved Joe simply stabbed his victim repeatedly. Forget quick cut, Matthews uses fadeouts (one during a pig scene) to limit any form of suspension that already exists. A girl who does not react to her fingers has been cut off is ridiculous. Normally I would suffice the words "uncut" but in this case they were far from a blessing. Just more agonizing kinetic torture. The movie all felt like an untidy episode of Midsummer Murders, only less fun. I'd hate to see the cut version. <br /> <br /> For sum up, the hanging hangout is the most intriguing thing I've seen since Hammond's 5th show show 'O' clock. Permanent performance has become worse by a soundtrack of towers and bad doubles. You must not be deceived by the box label, this is not a classic cult unless it qualifies for the western-western-to-coffee-coasters cultures. Which I think he does. Unless re-modified at 30 minutes stay away from this coma to induce chaos.
