Someone should have been seriously playing it when doing this movie. First, it is an absolute impossible that film was made in 1993. The mods and music dictate that this is seriously the 80's. I guess is that this was sitting on the shelf for a while long before some crazy distributors took it up and released it in a disbelieving world .. There is a plot. Type. A strange solitaire meets a random man and a beard who tells him that if he ponders while singing his favorite song he will be able to turn in whatever he chooses. At this point I feel compelled to see that the favorite song of the London Bridge is falling down. Why is his favorite song? Because it is a fool. We are only a minute in the movie and already the movie has reached a monumental level of sort. It gets even stupider. <br /> <br /> The season is the nostril trap. I can only assume this as having two scenes in the movie where she saw picking his nose. Delete the title. She decided to change to a girl so that she can get close to other girls. And kill them. This is more or less it. The act is universal appalling. Each single performance of this film sucks. In fact, I would go so far as to say that the act is in the standard of a pornographic film. It really is that terrible. The carnival nostril appears in the audience as the nostril rink. The characters of the movie saw him as the girl he came to sing London Bridge Can Fall Down. Man, I feel like an idiot of this type. Anyway, it's a kind of weird to see a middle aged bizarre hanging out with school girls. And not in a great way. There is even an extended montage of scenes where the nostril wardrobe is at school and the girls with a song playing on the top. It's probably the worst song ever recorded. I'm not even going to describe it. You will know it when you hear it. And you will agree with me. There are some scenes of violence, sure. And there is a Benny Hill section pursuing the sequence involving a transsexual. There are even a bit immortal in dialogue, which can or may not be taken from Shakespeare or John Milton, where the nostril rink tells of a whore, 'I've got the cash if you had the gash'. Lovely, I'm sure you'll agree. <br /> <br /> Utter nonsense.
