Sometimes a movie comes together unique. The Nostril Picker is one of these films, Nostril Picker's is like no other movie I've ever seen, unfortunately for the Nostril Picker & Myself is unique for different purposes than what the filmmakers have originally intended. It's about & all going to hopefully become clear ... The Nostril Picker, as it's commonly known although it was apparently filmed under the Changer title, begins with some very atmospheric shots in an American city somewhere, street & factories to that sort of thing, as the opening credit credits. When the Nostril Picker starts our good, the viewer is, they are presented in a real loser called Joe Bukowski (Carl Zschering) who is in his 40s and lives on his own in a little apartment where he watch TV, eat beef flavored food dogs & listen to old vinyl list as it dances and blows up rubber sex dolls. Joe loves girls, she has various porn magazines but enjoy real things even more. However, being an ugly goat Joe can not tempt any young lady to go out with him, or do anything else with him for that matter. One decisive day of an old Vietnamese veterinarian Vietnam (Horace Grimm) sees the agony & pain that Joe has to go through (actually he sees Joe being talked to by the cops for hassling a girl) & decides to help him out. He tells Joe about an incantation that he learned from the 'Gok' in Vietnam that will transform Joe's appearance into whatever he likes. A process is called morphosence, but at the same time it warns Joe that 'it makes you crazy if you do it too much'. That night Joe decided to give him a try, in a public place on a podium for some reason. Joe says a few words, make a very unusual dance and start yodelling. Joe finished by the whistling London Bridge is falling, listening yes, I did not do this up either. The first Joe is visible shame when nothing significant happens. Console himself Joe is trying to buy a magic porn, but is shocked when the clerk (Kevin Devoy) refuses to sell it to a minor girl. Joe, the bright spark that he is, realizes what happened & talked about his way out of it by claiming his father sent him / her to buy it. Joe, who now calls Joseph Renewal (Ann Flood), senses the possibilities and heads right for the local high school. Joe befriends four young girls, Jennifer Armstrong, Crisi Stroud (Gail Didia), Tracy Harper (Heidi M. Gregg) & Brenda Kearn (Aimee Molinaro) while under her back, oh & Joe managed to become A student at the school simply does not ask the teacher teacher Miss Van Dyke (Vicki Hollis). The first Joe looks harmless enough, she just loves hanging around the bathroom toilet and things like that. But things change fast as brutal murder brenda Joe Brenda. Jennifer's father, Vince Armstrong (Edward Tanner) is such a detective and his partner Ed Simpson (Clyde Surrell) & Walt Spencer (Bruce Alden) is the pathologist determined to catch the malo responsible for killing his daughter's friend, but they will succeed before Joe hit again? The IMDb list for the Nostril Picker is wrong, I watch it only hours ago & it clearly states that it's directed by Mark Nowicki who was also a co-producer & definitely by Patrick J. Matthews who has been credited as a co-producer & cinematographer, not so much difference & I would have had that though Nowicki would be more than happy for Matthews to take the 'credit' to make this piece of crap. No one participating in the Nostril Picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a camera anymore, ever. The Nostril Picker is unlikely to one of the worst films I have ever seen, and this is something said. It's absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable. Script by Steven Hodge is atrophy, there is no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development & the things that happen so so numbingly dumb it is true. The plots and chain of events in the Picker's Nostril are totally incomprehensible. The scene where Joe found out the whore (Steven Andrews) she was hired is in fact a man & Joe start chasing him in his apartment and two squirting dildas is simply jaw casting stuff. The subsequent scene when the transvestite reports incident to the police hilariously writes & made me psychic laugh in the dialogue. I hate the finish as well, not only it was predictable, but leaving the door open for an end, I'm psychic butcher of the only thought! On a technical level Nostril Picker is terrible, point & hope photography, bizarre & appropriate music, where forgettable, wrong edited (Brenda is dead in the kitchen again flying without her on the TV screen that was clearly in the opposite room) Some of the worst act I've been sitting on are & very impressive special effects composed of a few rubber finger cuts, a throat throat & a quick scene where Joe eats some meat. It comes as no surprise that the cast & crew who worked on the Nostril Picker has virtually no IMDb credit for anything before or after. Even in 76 minutes the Odd Nostril Picker is far longer & really boring to sit down. I could go on & over the whole day on how bad Nostril Picker's, I really could. One thing I can not properly work out was all this intentional by the filmmakers? The Nostril Picker is indeed a unique, unique, unique and incompetent movie. In the case of the Nostril Picker I hope it remains unique too, she says that it's still not the worst movie I've ever seen but it's coming close that's for sure. Definitely one to avoid.
