"Twilight" is probably most incompetent, embarrassing, pitiful "movie" I've ever seen. The act is criminal, the practically non-existent direction, and the special effects are presumably put together to free a monkey and learning difficulty on a computer laptop defense. <br /> <br /> Far from it from me in aggravating creativity, but I actually believe things like this should not do. I am sure that "film" - the markers will say that, yes, the "movie" has been hampered by a low (as in nothing) budget - but in this case they really really should not be bothered. As it is, they have offered the world something so, so excitably, that only impale can get the merest shadow of pleasure in it. Start the "movie" it was not as if I was waiting for "Citizens Kane" or anything. I was expecting a low budget horror budget and perhaps a modicum invented, a hint of fun, and even some energy. What I got was equivalent to cinemas in a used handkerchief. <br /> <br /> The plot? Well, our antihero scientist, who works in his parents' basements, sees manually vibrating some goo in a cup. Apparently, as high-level science is the end-result of years of research. Her parents, then sent her to a hotel-type hotel location in the country to relax. There are some others who, who are simply too horrible to write about. Anyway, the scientist drops his test tube on some mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people. (Wow, I'm getting suicide just writing the resume scheme). Our hero saves the day by erupting a barrel of balsamic vinegar (by attaching a "dip" - really a piece of string - in it). The barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon, destroying all the mushrooms. End of. (Thanks goodness). This summary is as good as the "movie" gets (and actually makes it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is). It really should not be the last step in this development (by which I mean a skribbled plot description on the back of an envelope with crayons). Someone would really have stepped in and gave someone a shaking height and said "NO." <br /> <br /> And these "special" effects. Well, they're "special" all right. This is CGI going crazy. And done by someone I can only assume that the bike pump must be the pinnacle of modern technology. But when the mushroom monsters are not in the style of a computer graphics graphics 1984, they are represented by muddle actors together covered in a leaf (i kid or not). One of the most inexcusable things about the movie is its laziness. This can be summed up at the scene in which the hero turns his gun (a la Clint Eastwood) and then miserably fails to find them in his pocket. I mean coming, a couple of retracts and could pull it, but just leave it as it is - really weak. <br /> I can not believe that money was spent on this camcorder shotgun. The "movie" makers should hang themselves in shame and be banned from attending fifty meters from any movie-making equipment. <br /> I think it's wrong that friends and relatives of the singers come on IMDb and mendacious review posters and provide stupid high user ratings that provide a totally correct picture of the "movie." "Fungicide" is an absolute travesty of film-making. Mr Wascavage is either very, very stupid or very, very cynical.
