Bo Derek may have had a career not leaving her late husband, John, taking over as director. It's a real shame, not really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), Bo was okay. He would not have any awards even at his best, but it's no worse than many an actress who made it great in the past 15 years or so based on looks like him. But including putting the problem, John was determined to boost the Bo Vague created with its appearance at 10, that of the Bo were "the perfect 10," "The hottest woman in America," "the symbol of sex in the 1980s. " The problem is, of course, this wave has crashed with a delayed thud in just a few years. Maybe she knew her limits as an actress, perhaps that's why it's fashionable movie for her focus on her body, by her acting skills. But it was old real quick. He did not help any of these films in John and Bo Derek (let's be honest) really, really bad. With the sum of ups take on Edgar Rice's Burrough's iconic icon, Lord of the Forest, Tarzan in the appendages. <br /> You know what is worst? This movie is boring! Make me laugh, make me cry, just do not do me. Not even Bo kissing stunning and face can rush any interest, and that's the movie is of course built around. Richard Harris (God blessed his soul, he and Bo were already in Orca BTW) hams it up and made his scene at least a bit interesting and Miles O'Keefe made an impressive physical Tarzan. Maybe she had the last laugh, after having hit with a ton of venom in the critics on this movie, Miles went to a solid career as a movie movie B, in film that was not great art, but a Million times more fun than this one. But other than that, it's Bo's body, and you can only see it many times before time for something else to go with it. The Tarzan Ape Man has nothing else. John Derek was a really dynamic actor, he was not a director. He should stay with his strength. This film is being rolled out of a numbingly slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes. The Tarzan Burrough was all about excitement and wanting to progress (who would not want to be as agile, strong and good looking like Lord Greystoke?) And fun! You get any of this here. Watch it, and you'll have to waste 107 minutes in your life. On second thought, you can come up with an important lesson, not managing a movie career. <br /> <br /> Kiss Derek is all right in my book though. He stood by John till his death, had a true love of animals and nature and even looks back with a giggle of his time in the spotlight. He also proved that he is not the dumb blonde much want him to make him out to be. If he could survive tarzan and bolero, he could survive anything. So back Bo, all is forgiven. <br /> And as a sidebar, is the Steve Strong who plays the bad guy Steve Steve that is a pro pro pro career?
