It's a great tragedy that both Richard Harris and John Derek are not with us anymore. But that should not blame anyone in the fact that in 1981, a very ugly flashlight appeared on both men's CVs. No doubt John Derek gets pregnant this movie for his wife who 'love it hot' and 'One Million Years BC' made for Maryln Monroe and Raquel Welsh, respectively, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. Having embarked on Dudley Moore's embrace on the beach in Bo '10' s reputation, an all-star cast and film movie in Sri Lanka means that nothing can go wrong. Alas, as they say, the plane plans and God laugh. He said that when this movie premiered in 1981, Edgar Rice Burrows in real estate tried to take legal action against him. Kiss Derek plays Jane Parker who sets in Africa's turn-of-the-century to be reunited with his bosom, abusive dad, Richard Harris. Daddy Parker is an explorer who has set out to find the 'Great Inland Sea' thing of local legends, whose existence was poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. Harris is worth seeing for a beautiful colorful performance, including singing an Irish ditty in an American elephant who somehow found his way to Africa (it happened at the same time as the Orang-Utan from Sumatra ?? ?) In addition, although Jane professes to despise Parker, Bo and the Rich Relationship is creepily incestuous, perhaps witnessing for the tropical heat effect. Before long, however, local legends begin to circulate on a 'Great White Ape' and Jane hear the famous yodel. This is The Movie Replica for Miles O'Keefe, a B-movie star in the future, to make a first rather odd way to Lord's shed-clothing in the jungle. Unlike Johnny Weismuller and his English Pidgin or Ron Ely who speak the language, O'Keefe Tarzan is dumb. Give some of the dialogue Bo and Richie, though, this is probably not a bad thing. Harris and caravans eventually arrive at the Great Inland Sea, located on top of a gigantic tile that runs halfway across Africa .... hanging over, by sea, lakes and other places that are generally located in low areas? Nevermind, it's just one of many anomalies in the Universe John Derek. The crew crew at the cliffs of the cliffs and when the snap cords, Harris mists echo abuses in the hapless people who were plagued by their deaths. On another occasion, Jane decided to take a naked swim by the Inland Sea, giving another occasion to see some free nidite. From now on, a single lion has appeared. Now lions usually travel in pride and never go near beach, but later on, Tarzan is struggling with a (inflated) Constructor boa. Zoology does not seem to have been one of John Derek's strong points ..... It's a Tarzan film, Jane gets enchanted with the Lord of the Forest and resolves to take her girls. But he saw his closeness to some of these chimpanzees, you need to be surprised ... Speaking of that, it's not just Edgar Rice Burroughs in the estate could sued. It is very likely that certain primates were on the phone of the lawyers: the chimpanzees here make you miss Cheeta seriously. Especially when doing ridiculous things like riding on the backs of elephants and beat their hands when Tarzan and Jane finally find it over! This big movie has Bo and Harris captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals that paint our heroine and prepare them / sacrifice / execute it. Enough is to say that the Great Ape Ape gets her girl, and * SPOILER * Harris gets himself stuck on a great elephant defense! This does not stop Parker's death from delivering a Jane rambling monologue. As far as I know, law lawsuit from Rice Burrows to real estate never materialize but the 'Tarzan Ape Man' was nailed to the box office in the box (no kidding?) A pity. John Derek was able to lead 'Tarzan Ape Man 2' with Bo Derek and Miles O'Keefe living in Bliss Domestic and Dudley Moore as 'Boys.'
