How this film escapes MST3K anger I never know. "Gymkata" is a ridiculous action film, filled with (or empty) and paper-thin cemetery, dumb character, and impartiality. But take it to me, if you enjoy watching poor, yet jumping, movies, you'll enjoy "Gymkata" a great deal. <br /> <br /> These centers, around a gym that were chosen by government agents (at least I think they were government agents) have become a spy. You see his father was another quasi-government agent, who disappeared competition in this game, called, eloquently, "the game." So the gym (playing blandly by Kurt Thomas) trains competing in this game and find out what happened to his lost father. <br /> <br /> Sound promise by it? Okay, so it does not always, but the bone sypnopsis bone does not begin to describe the horror of this film. They can be found in the strange movie details. Like the mysterious Asian gym girlfriend, who does not speak for the first half hour of the movie, then all of a sudden start talking, and not close for the rest of the time! Or really hard guyless bad guy who likes to do with breaking the "game" in non-existent rules every time it is so fun. And of course our sponge our hero of the "Village of Crazies" (obviously this is the real name of the place!). Beautiful place to visit, but I do not want to live there. But where this movie really shines is the scene of action. Since our protagonist is a gym, the director thinks he is wise to gym equipment in the back streets and squares of cities in the Middle East, so that our Gymkata master would better be able to use his gym skills to fight the beat of evil on low bars and pummel horses. He must see to be believing. <br /> Something interesting in note. A lot, I'd say about half the throw, killed from being shot with an arrow. Interestingly because the arrows are only credible effects or action in the entire movie. If these were all good effects, my one great note of complimenting people who will invent these realistic realities of injuries. Most likely, this was the way the movie does not pay extra. But "Gymkata" deserves a look if you can see it without paying and looking for some silliness that is an easy target for riffing. <br />
