Like most people, I was drawn to buy this movie because of the pictures of the Bolo Yeung warriors plastered all the other box, and the assumption (from the aforementioned pictures with the title of the movie) that this film is all about the beast from the kickin 'ass for 90 minutes. <br /> However, in my disappointment, Hercules Chinese is Bolo Yeung What There Is No Retreat By Surrender Jean Claude Van Damme and Tiger Intrepid were ... erm, Bolo Yeung - maximum exposure on video boxes, minimum levels screen time! Oh well! <br /> The story is very basic thing, but it was well done - Peace Kung Fu Fighter (played by Chen Hui Min) accidentally killing a man and promise never to fight again. He then ran to work as a worker on a pier where he impressed his co-worker with his heavy-duty ability, causing them to suspect him to be a horrific fighter (dont well know work, but never mind). Meanwhile, the corrupt boss in the pier makes a deal with gangsters, giving them exclusive use of the pier. As a result, the workers are thrown out on their ears and are forced to live on the beach, where they are united against their boss, gangster boss, and hulking his henchman Bolo Yeung. While the film was quite watchable (especially in waiting for the next glimpse into Bolo), I had a few problems with it - primarily, the bad dubbing, but of course these provided a to the old Kung Fu movie. However, the movie tends to drag between different fighting-scenes. And as for the scene fighting themselves, I found them to be over-long, seriously choreographer (apparently by Jackie Chan!), Seriously shot and at times made by people who did not seem to have any martial arts ability. .. in fact, most of the battles in this movie did not fight 'at all, just people getting beats off without offering any resistance! Finally, the hero - played by Chen Hui Min. I have never seen any other movie with this guy in, but at any point I have been eradicated for her. Not only did he watch wimpy and on the way to tears at all, but I found his insistence on not angry fights! I understood his reasoning, but he could save a lot of people a lot of pain if he did earlier that we all knew he was going to do eventually, and fight! A major mystery was why this community all pinning hoped to be on a guy never seen battle! <br /> Really, the great saving grace of this movie was the presence of Bolo Yeung. Not only is it as big and brutal as ever, it has some great, funny lines and gives the rest of the cast of a master-class on how to fight on film. The guy wears the presence of the screen and you can easily see how it became a star. The guy made life's efforts out of me, but I'm sure I was not the only person to watch this film that was rooting for Bolo all in the end battle! <br /> <br /> All in all, then an under-average movie kung-fu raises several great dangers due to you-know-who. I have never met someone who did not think Bolo Yeung was great. The man is a legend !!
