I'll get the movie in a minute. First, someone wanted to "prove" about Clinton's comments in Georgetown, where he stated that the United States "deserves" 9-11 attacks. Well, here is what Clinton said: "In the first Crusade, when the Christian soldiers took Jerusalem, they first burned a synagogue with 300 Jews in it and continued to kill all women and children a Muslim temple temple I can tell you that stories are still being said today in the Middle East and we are still paying for it. "<br /> <br /> We always pay for it? Whaddya means "us", paleface? The naves were not the Temple of the Temple of God. But in truth, Clinton never really came out and outright said that we "deserve" 9-11. Like all his statements during his presidency, he has been involved with our expectations of 9-11. Just point out "facts" A, B, C, and perhaps D, and let the inferior listening to be added up to the conclusion X. When in truth, many of Clinton's "Facts" have added up to guacamole. But here's the point. We're here talking about movies, not politics. Unfortunately, when Oliver "Captain" Stone makes a movie, you can not escape his polished politics. It was only a matter of time before focusing on his paranoia, bitter about Reagan Era, and the best time spent when Stone's dream almost came true, on Reagan's day almost bought the firm. Can find any nefarious or quick scheme in Hatckley's bloodthirsty attempt, he invented one with Al Haig. From a simple misunderstanding of the constitutional authority chain, Haig transformed from a public servant who really should have been rubbing up on his remedial civic dislocation in a raving megalomaniac. You almost expect Haig to rub her hand together as Montgomery Burns and tell Cap Weinberger to "drop the lambs." Stone even recruits smarmiest people in Hollywood to play former Secretary of State Richard Dreyfuss. A guy you love hated on eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie is OK. Average, lower plan than average. Do not rent or buy. Try to catch it on the cables. 4 out of 10.
