I saw this movie in the Chain History today (in 2006). First of all, I realized that this is not a documentary - that it is a drama. But one might expect that at least the "critical" facts that the story turns on can be based on current events. Reagan was shot and the other characters were real people. The movie got that right. From there, reliance on facts rapidly decreases. I never heard of this movie before seeing it. Having a TV reporter at these momentous events, I was stunned that I had never heard of the scarce behavior of Secretary Haig as described by Richard Dreyfuss. The whole nation heard "I'm in control ...", etc., but Haif Dreufuss' is intimidating a cabinet cowered and totally out of control personally. Having watched the movie, I started researching the subject on the Internet and quickly found the actual audio tapes and the most recent transcripts in the Room Conversation. This film pretend to reenact. Incredibly, much of the "reality" director of the film means to show a white house, secret service etc in total chaos - and leadership in the country to behave energetically and to drive the world near the great nuclear war - to prove correct. They did not happen! There are internal conflicts, to be sure. Haig does missteps, her press performance is historically regret and it is "tough". But there is nothing to approach the scenes shown in the movie. There are too many gross errors in listing, but any comparison just in the record recorded and written to the fantasy of this movie bumps the question about what producers were really trying to accomplish. Eklere? Informed? Enjoy I believe they failed on all three fronts. It is difficult to motivate others, but one must seriously ask what was behind these inventors' inventions. And, just as I love the History Story Channel "Bob Real" tracking documentation, there was almost no mention of the issues that were central to the film - namely the events of the administration on the day of shooting la. So the viewer left such research without much - if any - the help of the network.
