I went to one of the prime ministers last night and they have the following observations: <br /> 1. Just because you have directed a ton of music videos NOT make you qualify to make movies. The film had an overabundance of intrusive shots that made no sense, awful angle, and terrible lighting. The correction did not help this mess at all. When "Dixie" shows late for the memory of his mother memo on his hand, but it never clear what the heck he is talking about. The plot promised, but the script was thin and full of Ford truck truck size. We never get to understand what is driving the characters, what really behind the conflicts are all with each other or exactly how to solve them. Sixteen years of distance is wiped out in 4 days by losing by magic. The fund conversations were marched by stupid clichés. (In fact, the entire city was one big cliché in southern life.) Half the audience groaned when Toby traced "Ya was runnin my blood in your gurl vagina" ... and we were treated with acid lines not once , but TWICE! The revelations spread sprawling, and the dramatic denominations burn down to "I was stupid and stubborn". The act was okay considering the collision of a script they worked with. Toby was dark and brooding most of the movie, but when she smiled and lightened she was good. It's a shame he did not have time more screen like that. Kelly Preston's acupuncture are very rusty and it shows. Lindsay Haun is talented and certainly not his fault readers have made his character so unlikeable at the start that you do not blame her dad for not coming to look for her. Burt Reynolds and Tess Harper could do more in this movie but still look more or less lost. (And indeed, the characters get lost in this movie!) <br /> 4. If you're a Toby fan you will love to sing. But often the film felt like a forced scene in just being able to present one of his songs - or the artists on his record label. For example, the song's favorite song is "crash here tonight". You would think that would play in a loving tender scene, but nope ... we heard about 45 seconds in it as it was heading to a memorial service. It was as if they were saying "Well, we have to use this song somewhere". The song "Broken" is haunted with the best things from this film. In summary ... a promising plot is never fully developed and the film is typically unmatched as it strongly tries to have a vehicle for Toby Keith and Ford Motorcycles. It goes from being on rebuild bridges to break to be trying on the power of music but the story is said so badly that both points get lost in this grim music video. I love Toby and really wanted to like "Broken Bridges" but the people she relied on doing this movie let her down and deserve one of her famous boots you know where.
