This 1970 television production begins Susannah York and George C. Scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt "Jane Eyre" in the screen, and how many can go wrong in doing so. It is true that the film suffered from the transfer of DVD - some completed sequences of the original were shorter and so seriously edited that there was hit stroke continually and that even a critical scene between Jane and Rochester began in the middle of a sentence! But even if the correction was better, the film would not be. The script is bad, the portrayal of the characters is true in the novel and almost all the actors are wrong. As a result, no one likes to watch an adaptation of Charlotte Brontë's novel at all. The problem is not only that a number of scenes are shorter or left out - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes make no of all capture the tone, the spirit, the atmosphere and concept of the novel. <br /> This Jane Eyre for example completely leaves Gateshead and starts with Jane's arrival at Lowood. While this is perfectly all right, since some scenes must not necessarily leave out, it does not understand that, instead of using the time has come (so to speak) and show Jane's friendship with Helen, The influence Helen has for Jane's development, the lecture at Christian Stoyis that he teaches, the film almost exclusively focuses on the ill-treatment physique of Helen, which is driving in extreme absurd in this adaptation. What Helen suffered is bad enough as described in the novel, but here Miss Scatchard is described as a type of prison sadistic jail, who deliberately wants to drive Helen into a premature death. And this is all about what happens at Lowood. If you compare that to the long-term impact that has happened at Lowood there on Jane in the novel, one can only declare and regret that the film does not even touch the surface of this particular episode in Jane's life. And this is the problem of all this adaptation: It rushes from stage to scene, often without transition, and nowhere comes even near the essence of the novel. Dialogue is an odd mix of make-up lines and lines in the novel, very cleverly patched together, with the scenes between Jane and Rochester, so shorter than both shared only 5 minutes along the screens before falling In love, and little conversations are nothing in the bright, intense and humorous also in the conversations between Rochester and Jane in the novel. But the scriptwriter not only did Britian's injustice, but in addition managed to break his morale set-up with just one sentence. When Rochester and Jane go to see Rochester's wife after her wedding, Rochester said: "But I loved her (his wife) as I like you now." All the moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that Rochester is an innocent victim of an amorous plot and was trapped in marrying a mad woman he never likes, and that his efforts to seek a true life partner is, if not Sanctified by God's law and the person, yet understood and forgiven! But this phrase completely neglects all the brunt at all carefully constructing moral concepts and turning Rochester into an old room man who wants a new young wife because his old one has no use of it yet . <br /> From the errors regarding the script of the errors regarding the casting: Now I do not mean the one who insists on physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure shows, but there is no stretch In imagination it is possible to beautiful pictures, blonde, blue-eed and Susannah York lips as the romantic heroine. In addition, Ms York was in his thirties when the film was shot and gathered. Played by him, the timid novel, reserved and inexperienced young Jane gets a perfectly prized, graceful and mature woman, completely sure of herself and her desert. I do not say that Susannah York does not play well and convincingly but the woman she shows is not Bronte Jane Eyre. Cast George C. Scott as Rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a Rochester who looked old enough to make the 18-year difference between the ages between Jane and Rochester plausible. Scott seems to have been around 50 but acting in various scenes as if he was 70. To compliment "maturity" of the leading actors all passion, desires and hopes seem to have been deliberately extreme out of the script. The scene between Jane and Rochester after the wedding, the greatest emotional in the novel, has become a calm, rational conversation between middle-aged people, at the end of Rochester's sleep. When Jane returns to the past scene, she's just as mildly happy as a grandfather who has just paid a visit to her old adult home by her favorite daughter. The only character that shows an appropriate amount of emotion is St. John, to all. Ian Bannen play her so passionate and prayerful desire for Jane's love so touching that one gets the impression that Bannen was his model St. in Rochester in the novel. But good though, John St is just as far away from the novel as Rochester Jane and Rochester. These features only redeeming in this highly disappointing "Jane Eyre" is the place and the note, and I would recommend this production to those who want to look and compare all the single adaptation of "Jane Eyre".
