I saw this film on the movie festival in Rotterdam (as '06) and followed discussions between the director and public later. Many people reacted shock and protest. It will get a lot of negative criticisms. But the world is cruel as this, and it's not funny. People do not like it. That itself does not mean that the movie is bad. I can see this difference. Do not shoot the messenger showing our world out '' our '! But I think this is a bad movie. Film-technically it's a good one. Beautiful shots and script, best fitting music, great actors. The pretend pretend to make a psychological film, - the psychology however is of poor quality. Described as a powerful violence itself is not the art. The art would be a powerful description of the psychological process behind this violence. How is a timid boy coming to such a cruelty? The director claims to describe this, but it's not good at that. The principal used several times the word 'selfishness' of people, mentioned for example by the teacher. Only: this teacher was not selfish - just someone in many roles, cared for her students, and worried about his script. I think it's a simplification called selfishness. The atmosphere of the village is crawling, and the mother made terrible mistakes ('you strongly let me down'), but it does not become credible for me, that there was a lot of pain, that boy was shy come in these terrible things. In reality, reality is far more complex than the road, this film is described. and she needs far better descriptions. The interesting thing would be: how does it work? Describe this process for me to please, understand. <br /> With the sentence written on the end, the director says to the point in an alternative way of life. It was other extreme, and I confirmed that the directors and scriptwriter are bad psychologists, promoting black / white-thinking. The connection between violence in society and society has been proven. Use this violence to provide responsibility for its right to use. There are enough black / white-thinking in the world, causing so much war and misery. I hope this film will not succeed.
