Violence whether real or not always an impact. In this film the violence is about the kind of crap that you might ask for. In the Great Ecstasy the director has successfully demonstrated that the extreme of human violence can be. But what was the point? Violence looks like a mixture of 'irreversible Noah, and' Orange 'mechanical' Murrique '... both of them are remarkable films. Not finding me wrong, I was not opposed to screen violence at all and I saw some nasty things in my movie-gone years, but this movie as a whole is totally juvenile. The story never developed enough to offer any reason for the extreme violence, rizla pennies the reason why we give to ruin Robert is his introduction to drugs. Danny Dyer plays the character that is partly responsible for Robert's drugs fueled, but it is on screen for less than 5 minutes. Lesley Manville is Robert not able to deal with mummy, I'm not sure what one of these actors is doing in a movie in this bar. The wooden act, the scene in the kitchen and cooked in TV with his wife for example is as painful to look if not more than the final shock-who wrote these dialogues? Some of the comments the boys do ... 'seems to enjoy it', so trite as tempting one to laugh if it was not for Clay's heat desires to bombard us with harpy images of independent female brunette. Why do we need to show possible details possible to teenagers adolescent director and pornographic sadistic imagery ... one can only ask in this young psychology. <br /> <br /> The 'political significance' of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention due to the number of scenes; At the bar, outside the Cook's television home, the Iraq war report, was perhaps too obvious in my opinion. Yes, war is violent, social deterioration causes frustration, we all tend to horrifingly violence if you're in politics or on the street popping up E. juxtaposing all of this as part of the problem though is to avoid the current problem which is the meaning of violence in man. This problem is one that we still do not manage to grasp and certainly not in this movie. <br /> My opinion: derived, seriously done and freeware.
