There is only one word for this movie. Be hungry. The director clearly has talent but as his character Robert Carmichael it throws it all away. Carmichael has potential, but as Cray it can not be bothered to use it. They were drawn to petty crime and then down to corruption is Cray's vision of British youth. Like the British tabloil this film shows young people who are not suited or respected. Cray cry out for attention, but deserve nothing. <br /> <br /> I was surprised by the act of violence that Cray chose to shove at the faces of the audience. It is supposed to be the ignorant audience of world atrocities. Like a piece of obscene graffiti on a toilet wall it shows us depravity men and glee adolescents. Some quality actors have little part in this movie. Danny Dyer and Leslie Manville both make short appearances. Acting is otherwise amateur, the young Joe and Ben are reaping to do. Carmichael played by Daniel Spencer is creepy. Miranda Wilson plays Monica, the attracted wife of celeb chef Jonathon (Michael Howe); how could he himself be subject to such an ordeal is beyond belief? The movie is never subtle and Monica treats the most gratuitous violence off with war action. War pictures are used to convey ideas that young people can not help themselves, acts of violence in the same "civilized" country. This is certainly true and it is symptom of our changing society where men have an increasingly less important position, but cray down to the level of men's barbarism it seeks to expose their use of these brutal and violent. The female characters in the movie offer no relief. They are either victims or in Manville's case a mother washes out. The community is represented as dysfunctional. <br /> This is Cray's first movie. I listened to what he said during a Q and a session in Edinburugh and it is not intent, he simply missed his movie experience and exposed his naivety. The film is due to be published later this year, but I hope the company goes bust to the culprit really does not need this kind of messed up material.
