I am still cautious in taking too instant a flu in a movie. Watch it a month later and you can see it differently, or dig it up after 50 years at a different continent and some cult followers find something remarkable stylist who was unnoticed first. After sitting at the Great Ecstasy of Robert Carmichael in his UK premiere, he came as no surprise to me that I found the question and answer session later more interesting than the movie itself. Shane Danielsen (Art Director at the Edinburgh International Film Festival), assisted by director and producer of the film, gave a challenging spirit to a movie lasting a negative response to the audience. Edinburgh Audience Festival is not easy to shock. Only one person was walking out of disgust. The critics of the film include the very articuler and constructive from the public lying as well as an actor and a woman who teaches M.A. movie director. This was not an overwhelming movie 'shocking'. There was a degree of sexual violence uninterrupted, but far less extreme than many cinemas (most current gun contact was hidden, as it was called genitalia). The audience nursed it because they were sitting in two hours that were quite boring, where the acting act was not high, where the plot was poor, predictable and drawn out, and where they were subjected to clumsy and firefight films The promise of a controversial film. The metaphor of the war in Iraq is apparent, over-emphasized and sloppy (apart from a general allegation of violence, any deeper meaning is clear); with reference to fig-leaf 'Marquis de Sade, as a member of his audience, looks like a solemn excuse for the lack of development draws in the final direction. <br /> We have the story of a teenager who has a certain amount of money for her (she wants to come from school for her music ability) but takes drugs and hanging out with young people who have little or nothing to go for them and criminal activity prolonged in rape and violence. When pushing, Robert seems to have a lot of violence enclosed inside him. The movie is not totally worthless. The hearing remains to decide how Robert received that way: did he influence his peers? Why all the influences and good concerns of parents and teachers are not managed to put it in a better way of life? Cinematics, has a precise montage scene where it hangs back (whether in excessive drugs, shyness, a sense of unity of morality or just waiting to turn it?). Several of his friends raped a woman in a back room, partly glimpsed and framed in the center of the screen. In the first bone plan, a dj is more concerned that the girl's screams interrupt her happy music at home with any thought for the woman. Finally, it is a little annoyed if the activities attract attention of police. The strong juxtaposition of jadendans seriously hacks in music even when he knows a rape that is going to point up his utter disbelief in a deeply disturbing way. Robert slumps and returns it to us in the foreground. But the rest of the movie, including its major controversial surveys involving considerable (if not overly realistic) sexual violence, is not up to this standard. Some people had a strong reaction to it (intent to declare the cremators: "If they vomit, we have succeeded in producing a reaction") but mostly - and as far as I can tell the reaction Edinburgh looks like ice reports from Cannes - They feel, "Why are the programmers subjected to us as inferior movie-making?" Director Clay Hugh can speak pale but he has not developed artistic vision. His answer to keeping a mirror in life tells the truth about the things that swept under the carpet, even his defense that there is little development because he did not want to make a Hollywood standard movie - all are good at criticism, but unfortunately they do not apply to his movie, any more than they do to keep a mirror while flawed, or film movie while playing ineptly with symbols. Want to try and give him the benefit of any persistent doubt, I talked to him for a few minutes after the screening, but I found it as unattractive as his movie and soon moved to the bar to wash my mouth out with a the most important thing. There are many truths. An aspect of art is educated, another in entertainment, another inspiration. I asked if he had a social or political agenda and he mentioned Ken Loach (one of the many great names he took in vain) without going too far to admit any agenda himself. He then returned to his mantra about his work being told the truth. I left with feeling that this was a fun project for a new director, or someone an absorbent attempt to put himself on the card by courier advertising for second-rate jobs <br /> <br /> Andy Warhol could paint a tin soup and art. Clay Hugh would like to emulate the great directors who have made controversial movies and push boundaries. Unfortunately, his ability at this time only extended high-sound excuses for an advertising-seeking movie.
