I'm not sure what dragged me to the movie to watch this movie, but a few minutes after it started, I wanted to leave the theater. For a while I hope at least the story will surprise me, but then realize it's a waste of time, there was just nothing there. I stayed only because I had another show after it. <br /> Design: Some beautiful design sites, especially in the environment, but the characters were awesome both in terms of animation and design. They look great while still - on posters and screens, but not when they have come to life! They just did not work, especially because the very same 3D company's mistake makes: technically it's very difficult to create really natural material in 3D, which would make you feel that the character is alive. You need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, cloth, etc. Those characters in the movie are made out of "cloth", and that just did not work! So they had this ugly cold sentiment in the computer artificial, where the canvas stretched or squeezed like a piece of plastic. It just did not have the feeling of a material, which dolls are made of (that's what these characters mean to be). I think it was a great mistake to choose this style for the characters. She just had a feeling of a computer game shoot'n'run 3D. I do not want to go to the movies to have a computer game on the screen, do not know about you ... <br /> <br /> Animation was also a shame. I am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed at low levels of animation at "9". It was stiff, boring, almost lacking any imagination or attitude. It was just a bit above average 3D animations I saw, and that does not add to it any good ... And all that - the bad and bad animation design can be resolved with a good story, right? ! That was not the case here. Actually the story was the worst thing in this movie. It was below any level. It starts right in front, it goes straight forward and ends the same. There is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogue, even no development. We've heard and seen stories of cars exceeding the thousands of times twice and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends in the very first minute of that movie. Characters do not even have time to get into the story - they just have, showing themselves almost instantly, and immediately some of them take action without even knowing what's going on. It just did not work. There are also many sequence of repeated actions, which seemed to have been completed in the time for the lack of a story ... <br /> <br /> Interesting, sound and script - oh gosh i, what can i Say, it was sad. Bad history has a bad script, and except dialog such as "No, do not!" "I'll do it!" "But ... you can not do it alone!" "We can do it together!" "But there are rules!" "But we must save him!" etc. etc. And so, repeating itself all the time, so besides dramatically pathetic dialogue, there were those who stopped "Ahh" and "Ohhh" and "Ehh", and "Oooh", and "Whatchout" , and "Run!" and "OhOhh!" followed almost every jump, run, or fall into the characters and even sounded as if they were out of sync or even unrehearsed. <br /> <br /> Conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything is expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing. Only some good designs are not worth the time. GREAT NON!
