I seriously can not believe that Tim Burton and Timur Bekmambetov, of whom I LOVE, signed on to produce this crap. Tim Burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest I've lost interest in him for a while since his latest film is either remade or adaptation. It produced the brilliant "Nightmare Before Christmas", which one I watched multiple times, and directed film like "Beetlejuice" and "Sleepy Hollow", which is awesome movie. Bekmambetov led 3 films that I love: Watch Night, Watch Day, and Wanted. I've only seen those three of it, but to prove it is an awesome director. Those of one product of many reasons I was excited to see 9. So today I went to see her in the theater. I was so excited to finally see her. I waited 7 months for the movie out. <br /> This movie is the first time I walked out of a Tim Burton film related to saying "I enjoyed almost NO in that". I felt happy to even feel that way. I mean, with him and Bekmambetov in the Helm's production you would expect this movie to be a good look. Now, I still can not find out about how to let down I was by this movie. I have not even heard of the original short film before seeing it but now, I can successfully say that this movie should remain a short film. Hell, Neil Blomkamp made a renewal of long renewal lengths from the Joburg District 9 Alive, which was so difficult to find right about 9 ??? I really wanted to think this movie was scary. I really did. But no, it fails on many levels. The plot was very confusing and disoriented. I had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was about. Basically it's about a bunch of rug doll robots trying to save the ground. Well, OK, that's what I got from it. But the writing here is very poor. The whole movie jumps around as a 6 year old and A.D.D. tell a story. There's this great big robot monster robot that has 9 rises, causing destruction and other things. That's the main villain. However, what else is wrong with this movie is that everything comes from now. There were too many monster robots, most of which had no logical explanation behind them. They have 0 development as well. I mean, that flying pterodactyl like monster just torn out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes from and Acker just hope we know what it is. What was even more delayed was that creatures like snake and the strobing eyes that hypnotized. I dare you give this outline to someone loudly and expect them to laugh. All of the 3 people I said about it burst out laughing. Oh and wrap the victims and sew them inside. I am. PA. KISA. <br /> <br /> The twist of Act III is the most delayed aspect of the entire movie. So basically 9 goes back to the room he got up, finding this box with a hologram of the scientist in it for 9, and saying to him that the big robot car was scared to bring life robot to earth but Then wrong uses it for war, and it was supposed to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that he could help protect the world and he. And he ONLY mentions his life 9. But what about the other robots? WHO DO THE BOOKS? This is the perfect example of poor, running writing. There's only one in life to take thingy device that exists so how did the other 8 get their life given ??????? Characters are not likable at all. They risk their lives unreasonably. The only good character is 7. 6 annoy me and read "GO back to the source !!!!!!" ramblings 1 is a person who is overweight, 2 we do not know everything about, 5 keep bothering me with it "Are you sure ..." or "Can I stay here instead ...?" question. And ending? UGH. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks that the finish was a great WTF moment. Nothing is redeemed on this turdure except for its beautiful animation. Everything seems realistic and beautiful, I love looking at gloomy and depressing in everything. However, beauty can not save a good movie. While it's true that this movie is very nice looking, beautiful is as nice to do, with 9 squat. I'm sure Burton fans will be flocking to the theater to see this movie without a doubt, in fact with his name and the Bekmambetov being cast in the promo, people will be flocking to the theater to see this movie. I know I can make a great deal out of anything, but watching this movie makes me realize how much I hate movies and unlike characters, draw inextricably with just pure style content. And this movie is one of these movies.
