First of all, this movie is not a complete disaster. If you have never heard of the real story of Gram Parsons then it might seem like a reasonable fun rehab. Johnny Knoxville can not really be criticized for his performance as Phil Kaufman - it is very good at looking back and down on earth, and you can sort of root for his everyman-suffering. Michael Shannon is due to credit for very much the same reasons, except he is a hippie stoner. There are some good acting comedy scenes - the hip-hop crashing at the airport hanger door means out. But that's where things are going wrong, and we begin to see the aspects that make this film so really disappointing. Robert Forster's character as the current father gram is a shameful invention as a cast on the entire movie. We all know her real father committed suicide when she was young - something that could surely be compared to Gram's life on the edge of a better movie-maker. Having Forster assumed her father real, and not her father-dad would be bad enough, if not for the well-known Gram struggles with the man who actually flew to collect his body. He suggested that Dad's father was admitted to Gram's mother and alcohol as he lay dead and that Gram was bad when he later learned about it. Also the controversy over which Gram's body buried would surely reason enough not to invent a made-up blessing father who actually catches up to the duo and hears them, but then allows them to go ahead and burn . Regardless of the truth about the man who Gram received the names Parsons, he certainly does not have the Forster character resemble here, and it's difficult to see why this role was written. Then there's the addition of Christina Applegate as a vicious chick (but very nice of course) who wants Gram's body back so he can start cash off on his property. His character, and his non-existent act and a miracle why the director did not just go to the whole pig and include a lipstick between him and the chick who plays Kaufman's girlfriend (he would not lower the tone a lot whole more). When you think of the ingredients that could be used in a good film on Parsons, the shortcomings of this movie are unlikely to be apparent. Country music has changed by a young, polite, gentleman - who was also long-haired, loving drugs, popular with the ladies and ultimately destructive self. Real events like the hanger door crash and the hearing pinned with friends like Keith Richards. Instead of these things we must focus entirely on Kaufman's views in Gram's life. Kaufman is obviously still lapping up the cult status he got for what he did (he certainly is a little cult). From his interview obviously he was happy with the attention. Remember this is the man who made a remark on the genito of the naked body at Gram Parsons as he was preparing to set him up. What he did was not a great act of loyalty, but a doped up alkaline escapade. Look at Knoxville and the director of interviews, a few things become clear too. It is obvious that there are no real hands in the history of Gram's life, nor are they willing to have. They want a movie hit on an event that is infamous and crazy. It was an amazing life with a strange end. That end is the only thing covered by this movie to show how to limit an understanding of the Gram Parsons musicians.
