If you're a fan of the late Gram Parsons then this movie is definitely going to divide you! Party comedy, movie party parts, but mostly a fiction of fiction in one of the story's oddest story stories. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Kaufman (played by Johnny Knoxville) who "supposedly" made a park with rock / rock / country / folk music hero Gram Parsons stating when one of them first died (he did not have problems with one it was) that the other living one was to take the deceased from the desert, Joshua Tree National Park in California to be precise, and set the body fire ... so as to free the spirit and become one and the earth, and so on! Be sure to keep his word to the Buyman mildly barely, with the help of a self-hatred, pot-headed friend, jacks the body of the late-parsons who has been tortured from a drug and binge booster a day before-from the airport. And shortly after that indication is a reliable combination of fiction and truth where the late Parsons girlfriend, Kaufman's girlfriend, Parsons stone-faced father, and a gaggle of police officers and other absolute idiotic characters all try to beat The clock (so to speak) in trying to keep Kaufman and his pals before they get the torch torment Parsons body! <br /> <br /> The incompetent movie, bad act, and lame offbeat in general all shed this film faster than the Titanic. And not to mention the great fact that this film is not even half tell the truth of the real events that took place. The sharpness that should replace the inaccuracies, as far as I heard them, included: number 1., Parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so the hell was that all about and the girlfriend and the chasing and whatever?, No. 2, Buddy drug-out Buddy was a known participant (unlike what the movie tries to show) in the disposition of Parson's body, and finally number 3. Gram Parsons real life father died when he was just a boy, and so he was the step-father Parson (who could honestly care less about Gram Parsons when he was still alive) in real life who cared in the body after it was torched! While, though, that probably interrupts me more about this movie is that the real Phil Kaufman has actually about to help help with the facts of the story. But still, the movie ended up becoming so true and so bad that it really boggles my mind, frankly! <br /> Also, as the aforementioned mediocre act in the film concerned its lead character, played by Johnny Knoxville's ultra-grid (Phil Kaufman), not only a bad actor but it actually looks as if he was sleeping at most in the movie, and the rest of the poetic cast for the most hysterical, brain-dead, or seemingly clueless looks as they are actually doing have in the first place! In general, if you like Johnny Knoxville and or really dig the cops-friends-are-not-even-good buddy then I suppose you just could get a kick out of this movie! But if you are like me and are a fan of the late Gram Parsons, enjoy films that try to tell the truth as much as they can be especially if they are based on a real-life real story, and or you just like good movie , they must be their way movies, or fictional slingshot-of-life stuff, you will really hurt this movie and advise others to do the same. I obviously hate this movie and wanted it never did in the first place, but since it was done I would prefer it turned out differently than it did, unfortunately! Maybe a few real-day facts in the story are coming to them and being made in a really great biopic on every Gram Parsons life ... not only what happened in his body after his mind left him. But until this time comes all of us as an audience, and or fans of the late stage finds this sad film of films and an all-around terrible memory (of kind) of the music legacy that Gram Parsons knew left behind. It should also be noted that they were actually using Parsons music, and some others as well in the flick but not surprisingly though, you never get enough of it really enjoy it even in the slightest bit. (Turkey zero stars)
