From Q & A before and after, this is what I could pick up: Some Irish guys want to make a movie. There is nothing in particular, just any movie. So one night at a party, he heard some old roadie telling him a bit of classical rocky nebulae; one on how Gram Parsons 'bodies were stolen from heavy by his faithful loyalty so he could honor Parsons' wishes that he had to be from JoshuaTree. Wow! <br /> What a great idea for a movie! Rock n 'Roll (well, land), steal thieves, night, friendship, 70's! I guess we might find Johnny Knoxville from "Jackass", causing it to type a roundtable, right, and Knoxville wants to make "a movie" too. Why should he thought he had next "snatch" in his hand! But this story is not really interesting ... we need something for Knoxville to fight against. Like a psychotic girlprend after his money! But Parsons was married at the time. This O.K, no one knows. In addition we could find Christina Applegate. But what if the audience does not like the idea of ​​stealing a corpse.well, we'll get his dad to join the chase, but give permission to the end. But Father Parsons killed himself when he was 10, in fact his orphan condition, and tragic children, is the key part of the Parsons Mythology. Mythology? We're doing "a movie!" This is solved creative issues. <br /> It's a comfortable experience for anybody even vaguely aware of or interested in the subject. Applegate's presence is double jarring. The first character inventing it is a Beverly Hills bitch before-when it might as well walked around the movie all a cell phone in his hand, and secondly, what kind of person would have been Parsons if he ever associated himself with that types of harpy? Facts are not only distorted or left out, but reviews. They could easily find the villain wanted in Parsons STEPfather, who tried to whip the body back to his home state where law would favor him in splitting up the considerable inheritance. <br /> With the music, oh, my music likes. The music is hacked up (the bridge of a song here, the chorus has), forcing them to the background, and in the end, horribly covered by the new hippest band, Starsailor. My girlfriend asked questions that are needed, but irresistible after the movie - was anyone standing there, the writer, producers, director, actually a fan of Gram Parson? Well, no. He never would have heard of Gram Parsons, but, of course, blah blah blah, I learned to love her, and here's some factions I read in an online bio. Another guy sells for Parsons's coolness by saying he and Keith Richards troupe on acid together and wrote "Wild Horse" together, a bunch of mixed up in reality as off-the-base as the movie. Another person asked, is he morally doubtful in rewriting stories when most people would only know about it in this movie? Well, having the real Roadie permission (she even put) and Parsons estate was given permission, and all others who got paychecks said it was great. But what I really was, and wondering in the embarassingly trembling voice of a secret eraser really, was, if the film so cheaply made (a million dollars), they were not considering the original Gram Parsons fanbase as a hearing? The director and writer seemed to think he was a figure that has nothing to do with the fanfare, even though I doubt any Mojo magazine read, 70 music rock fans would agree. But a bunch of Brits did it I guess, and they just did not care about Cosmic American Music, or even knew it existed. This is not just a true parson flickering movie, it's not even in the right spirit-it does not even fit the legend. At the very least he should have had sentimentality in one of his songs. And many would like to have said. <br /> <br /> I should mention the film got well from the bunch of college kids stoned, just at the slopes, and at Johnny Knoxville. But if you're a fan of Parsons ignoring the title, it's just a movie for fans Jackass.
