"Body force" is such an ultra-sleazy and perverted version of Love Pirate, and more fights kung fu, demented cleric cannibalists, white slave trade, energetic zombies and a whole lot of disgusting acting performances. No wonder this film was included in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience 20 Movie-Box Series". It has all exploiting fans looking for, mixing in a totally incoherent and seemingly improvised script! The production values ​​are very poor and technical aspects are pathetic, but the amount of free and gender violence can hardly be described. The film opens in a sunny tropical place called Warriors Island, where a troop of monks monks rises to death for no apparent reason other than to turn them into kung fu fighters. Monks also buy sexy slaves from a Hitler Hitler look-alike businessman, supposedly because the women supply them with the power required to increase the zombie army. The tourists on a cruise ship passed through, among them three martial fighters, a woman cop and a whole bunch of damaged but dim-inched guards, attacked by Hitler's Hitman guys because they planned an excursion from Warrior Island. Rescue lives are washed on the island anyway, and the monks challenge the survivors of a battle test with the zombies. Well, how does this sound to a crazy movie movie crazy movie? It's not over yet, because "raw power" also had piranha, wild boar orchard, Cameron Mitchell in another nasty lead role and 70-year-old Camille Keaton explosion ("I spit on your tone") in a completely insignificant camera appearance. There are loads of malfunctioning gore, including axilla massacre and decapitation, bladder jokes and romance bad taste. Garbage value in this movie will literally let you talk. These monastic foundations of the monks remain, naturally, unreasonably and not even punished for their doubting passersby. Maybe that's why the movie stops and "To continue", instead of the "End". The end never came, unless it's dark IMDb does not even list it.
