The scouts are placed in the small town of Emerald Grove where high school students Lester Dwervick (Tim Young) are considered nerdy geek students by teachers & fellow students. The poor child suffers humiliating daily, intimidating, harassing & stimulating general to eradicate abuses in the hands of his peers. Unfortunately he does not get much support at home since his mother is a slut and after Lester annoys one of his blocks he chases him in a blue field and disables the poor kid. However something magical happens (no, the movie does not suddenly become good), Lester's spirit gets transferred to the scarecrow garden corn which he then uses as a body to revenge on those who suffer '& made his life hell ... <br /> Co-writing, co-produced & directed by Emmanuel Itier that under the IMDb credit list also has a role in the movie as a Caller Mr. Duforq although I do not recall any character in this name, I suppose anyone who ends up looking at the IMDb screenings for Surveying will probably already be aware of his awful reputation & I must say it pretty much deserved since it terrible. Scripts by Itier, Bill Cunningham & Jason White used the story often told of one of the life's losers who gets pickled up and tormented for no good reason to receive their revenge by supernatural means of a relatively straight flicker slogher teen. We've seen it all before, we've seen previous warnings, we've seen teen teenagers killed one-by-one before, we saw one of the lives lost to get her first revenge, we saw that good Understand cracking bandits that make jokes as they killed before & we've seen the incompetent Sheriff little town doing even worse. The only real question to answer about Scarecrow is whether it's any fun to look at a dull young slasher level type? The answer is no honest. The movie has terrible characters, horrible dialogues, a consistent and predictable story, it has some one-piece cheesy as the epizooty kills someone with a shovel he asks for 'can you dig it? & The so-called twist that is geared towards leaving things open for an end is just lame. The film moves together in a reasonable march but it is not interesting & the killers will be forgiven. You know I'm still trying to work on how one can stab and kill with a stick of corn ... <br /> <br /> Director Itier does not perform a particularly good job here, the killers are poorly occupied which has no construct whatsoever that means there is no such tension as in two seconds of a character being presented to be killed. Also I'm not happy with the dude scarecrow dude to do all these back-flips and somersaults in the air at the scene that sounds like they belong to the uterus (1999) or some Japanese kung-fu cops! Giving some credits to the scarecrow mask actually looks really good and it looks pretty cool but it does give little to do except until the bad one-stuff is & twirl around a bit. Do not you think that being tied to a wooden pole in the middle of a corn stall all day would have been boring? I know it's a killer scarecrow but I always say it would be bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all day! There is no stripping & the gore is nothing to write about the house, there is a decapitation, someones face is burning, a dead person with a stick of corn, a person gets a pearl stuck in the throats, some cranks Stuck in the head of the person, someone has the hearts torn out & someone has something metal stuck in the back of the head from the lips. <br /> With a budget estimated at about $ 250,000 this apparently was shot in 8 days, but at least they did not waste any time on non-important things like history & character development. Technically this is pretty much point, shoot & hope for the best thing. If you look at the guy on the floor that just had his heart worn out you can clearly see him still breathing ... The act of absorbed, the guy who plays Lester's mum at the tide brings the periphery most stupid looking & fake mustache ever since she plays two roles in the movie and the musicians need to disguise her, but they just ended up making it look ridiculous and not finding i started on her accent ... <br /> <br /> Scarecrow has a fun moment & the current scarecrow itself is a beautiful creation and good make-up effect, but as a whole movie of poorly-made, seriously acting, unusual, too predictable & very cheesy. If you want to see a great movie episode episode then check out Scarecrows (1988). Do not be confused with Gene Hackman & The Al Pacino Screensaver (1973) or the next flicker cops (2008) which is currently in production. Scarecrows prove popular enough on home videos spawn two more straightforward in video windows, Scout Slayer (2003) & Scorpion Gone Wild (2004).
