May we be honest? Al Gore no more TRULY cares about the environment than most folks care to contact foot fungus. It's a hook! Make no mistake, Al Gore is a POLITIK! Three years ago he had been busted / tipped his state home to 70 mph in a 55 kilometer zone area driving a hybrid, a Yugo, or even a UK Metro but a LINCOLN (go to Google if you like)! Or how about the fact that Mr. Gore & his Hollywood friends continue to use a gas-guzzling private jet goes to the prime minister "A Troublesome Truth." So much for conservation huh, Al? Anyway, it takes a minute only to subjectively look into "a troublesome truth" & discover the basic fundamental defect. While the film parades come out of so many impressive scientists tell the audience the effects of assuming "global warming" there is not one scientist telling us what to expect in it. For example: I can take a hundred people from a parking lot and they can point out a non-running vehicle. But can they tell you with any degree of certainty WHY? Usually not! A second flaw, just how accurate was the weather instruments 100 years ago (the toilet was not even invented yet)? What were they, a June bug in a matchbox? Hell, even 50-60 years ago? Therefore, how do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet is "getting warmer" when the records of passing are very likely to be best? Or is this the only cause of it? The answer is we do not & science is never a consensus. Thirty years ago, Time Magazine made a cover proclaiming a "New Ice Age". The truth is that any 6th grade science professors well versed in Earth science will tell you that Volcanic Eruptions, Solar Activity & El Ninos have more to do with changes in climate change than assumed "global warming." Finally, what Al Gore failed to adequately address is; though America decides to follow the global gospel according to Al & apply everything it recommends, how will we get the rest of the world to follow suit when we can not even get to agree on something so obvious as terrorism? Answer: He thinks thinking, Mr. Gore & You've been a senior VP in the USA knowing it! If the product "An Incompetence Truth" was really honest, they would have the movie titles "Al Gore wants attention." But what I really like is to ask a former VP; why were two of the largest polluting planet (AKA China & India) EGZEKTE from Respecting the Kyoto Agreements? Anyway, I hear the producers of A.I.T working on the next movie called "Gnom, Fe & Gnome: Our Endangered Friends."
