An inconvenient truth is as entirely simplistic and demagogue like the turgid wand created by republicans who are rabid and idiotic, and meanders along furniture lines until it tries to leave something in your face, namely that we all will die in a few hundred years , which is already indispensable, but cares, selfish people, destructive creatures, I honestly do not waste time I care about human disappearance. I'll just call it a "natural progress". Let the Apocalypse begin, but meanwhile, we have to listen to the same crust, politicians are slanting that propose another "new society", well, do not be fooled, we are all constantly controlled by the rich, not the people power and by that idiot created the disaster in the first place. Nothing will ever change. <br /> Al Gore, whose hypocrisy is quite obvious in the movie, as he is driven into a gas guzzling machine all alone by using a consumer computer, he also lives on the big acres of Land in a rather large mansion, the land itself has been used for destructive erosive purposes including animals, tobacco, farming pigs (which count for methane gas track) and who knows what else, his wealth is predicting exploitation, greed and His investment has many large companies in the world and recordable records. I hardly think that the man who qualified to lecture less likely, but his prestige is based on his opposition to another political party, that's all, meanwhile he emits those same rancid features political and eloquent politicians. This bosom happens to be living the comfortable life and yet it is poor people's conference in Africa on agriculture crops and cutting and burning techniques? He travels around the world in front seat seats in gas wasted airplane, uses computer set products in the documentary, and yet he thinks everything is a "moral problem." He was entirely absorbed in his own nightmares, saying he came to the conclusions because of the death of his sister (from tobacco cancer provoked with the death near her son by a vehicle of all thing). Did he fight the tobacco companies or propose that the vehicles must be banned because they are dangerous to chewing machine? NO. Everything must serve the "economy", so why is it different, the answer is it is not. <br /> <br /> Exporting and exhaustive exhaustion of humanitarian philosophy is disastrous, all this while it was filmed in the jungle or on a little river eschewing lifeless life affirming quotes. Well Mr Gore, why do not you try to live as people are common then? He is a plain, simple politician, and has a career invested in power structures. My question is, why is it not focused on the powerful industrial nations in the ground that must blame for most of the hassles? It does not because it would be wise for "investments, stocks and corporations". Al Gore provides monotonous conferences on the subject of the documentary, namely wealthy white people at the audience, who applauds on signs, while displaying chart graphs, numbers and rates, and speaking in a sound tone, no one Not a Harvard (that elite control) education can make sense out of it, but it tells us everything that goes to Hell. No kidding, but I think it fails to account for this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet, namely that it is expendable with a waste dump. It never once mentioned how industrialization created these problems, it just wants to put mud pants on them, but not destroy all the oppressive system. Obviously it was spoiled, sent to schools for elites and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other stabbing, consistent match in Washington. Anyone who made this propaganda, as it is in no way different than what the Republicans were getting pregnant, there were only goals in mind led by capitalist impulse. That is, someone who will benefit, and looks like "new green" politicians who support venture capitalist firms that are buying up hordes of land in an attempt to develop "new future" and "new technologies". That same old story, Al Gore is a believer in the elite structure, he actually believes there is a "democracy" in the U.S. that I find very naive. If we do not pay wages to oil companies, then we will pay them to the wind and solar companies. <br /> I found the speech at the very ransom end, along the lines of something GW Bush would have on the melee masseurs who fell, Gore spoke about "united people together for communist defeat" in the 1990s What he did with global warming, absolutely nothing but trying to find empathy of ruminant base in humans. With what has been said, he did not understand that communism never existed in the world, the systems in Europe and the Soviet Union were merely a form of envy of authoritarianism and capitalism, not less than regulating the US interests. Social ecology did not even mention here, which is really a travesti. If you want to change the world, then one must dispose of all the antique systems based on greed, exploitation and violence.
