Hmm ?? I agree with the review saying that "unusual people and generous tastes have been revived this movie". I thought the movie was intriguing enough to watch it. I think that was primarily because of Marsden and Speedman - not the plot. The bottom line is that this film is mildly psychologically tantalizing on the one hand and deeply homophobic on the other. Thumb up on the ancient and triple inches down on the milk. I'm not sure if the movie intends to promote dialogue or spread fear and propaganda. <br /> I think the act was mediocre. A lot of conversations that were about 90 degrees cracked in reality. I kept wanting to derive some meaning from the plot, but it's finally just a conversation with a fool (Speedman). I feel mildly sorry for him (Speedman) because of his loss, but not really. Its loss is no greater and certainly smaller than daily losses suffered around the world by the most important cause. <br /> <br /> Is the movie exposed to HIV / AIDS? Yes: That's the intended audience. Is HIV a Dark, Mysterious, Evil Killer? What about his victim? The answer to both questions is NO. Neither HIV nor its victim has any intent or lesser intentions than lupus, multiple sclerosis, TB, hepatitis, cancer, or victims, FOR GOD'S WORD. Just because a controlled disease does not make it if it expresses OR negligent - or wrong - it just is. - NON. Should Everyone Have Sexual Sex? - WI. Is Secrets Secure Save the World? - NON. Is real sex secrets in all the circumstances of love and lust between enthusiastic and emotional beings? ?? COULD NOT. What kind of a world we would live in if everyone followed the rules, no one ever took risks, and sex was never spontaneous and passionate ??? Did I ignore the movie especially deals with gay sex? ?? WI. HIV is spread by blood or body fluids between infected and infectious people. Sex is not needed for transmission, gay or otherwise .. I'm always disturbed by one person voluntary violence on another. I actually thought the movie was doing a great job to show the absurdity of Tom's abduction, captivity, and intent toward Dan, and this kind of crazy violence occurred everyday. <br /> <br /> Stream of consciousness scores from the movie: Tom is crazy. <br /> <br /> Why not ask for "why" you feel this way, rather than "what you are doing"? Implications: People with Sex and Men Find "AIDS" Implications: HIV = AIDS Where Tom's Responsibilities Are In Sexual Acts? Why was Dan's responsibility to use the condom? "Maybe you slip it before you stick it to ??" What are we talking about here? Was one of the unconscious parties? "Maybe she did not want to hear the truth" is you kidding me "She got into the sky and so unbelievably hurting what she now knows about me"? Is Dan's Life About HIV? Certainly NOT! That's why the whole world is omofob ???? They think gay men are the cause of HIV, that they will give it to the rest of the world, and we'll all die? are you kidding me ??? Are people really stupid enough to think that homosexuality is the cause ... is the problem ??? Do we feel this way about the victims of tuberculosis? in malaria? I can see that Tom is hurt because of his wife's death, and blames it on AIDS, but seriously ?? who's here's fault here? The victim or the virus? Is Illness really Responsible to the Ill? (Presuming they did not seek and did not seek to spread the disease). Sure, safe sex is essential to a safe, but non-driving, non-flying, non-moving, non-living life. Are we really willing to blame the victim's illness? Would safe sex between Tom and Dan have prevented Tom's ultimate destruction? Maybe, but not the only responsibility Dan. <br /> <br /> Tom is crazy. Did I mention that. <br /> <br /> Tom Dan: "Maybe you get what you deserve" ?? Come! 24 Days: Violent, Naive, and Homophobic. <br /> Are I registered? Maybe. But I think this movie shows a finger judge of gay male for intense negligence and malware towards a "right world" by practicing insecure gender, when homosexual sex practices are safe to practice equivalent or better than those of heterosexuals. We all need to wake up and get serious about HIV / AIDS. HIV is killed by hundreds of thousands of Africans each year.
