Well, perhaps the PC version of this game was impressive. Maybe. I just finished playing the PS2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess. There are a couple elements that are okay or promising. I'll mention those first because it will be over quickly. First, the idea of ​​a historical GTA-like toy is great. The game weapon was a historical gta-like game and unlike Mafia, guns were excellent. I would like to see a set of games during the Mafia era. And the scenario is well written. The story makes sense, it has dramatic arcs, it uses a strange device (with lots of games being a backstory) and it's interesting. Finally, some of the graphics - especially those used during cutscenes - are impressive. Mafia's designers seemed to focus on getting the right graphics in the places where GTA packed on this effort, especially the characters. Unfortunately in many other areas, the quality graphic feel, and I prefer to have excellent gameplay than impressive looking characters. <br /> <br /> The game is that the title of the title is so low. First, monitor and cameras absolutely suck. Which has to be the first focus of any game developers. You can not drop a game where the controls and / or camera suck. Number one, there's no reason to the player's character, Tom, can not have his full set of motion controlled by the stick remains analogical. Unless it's absolutely necessary, and hardly ever is, I hate the set-up where the stick leaves moving the character in a "bread" manner and the character can only turn using the right analog stick. Here, it's not only necessary, it does most of the simplest action a challenge. For example, Tom was riding on a couple of missions. But the game is designed so badly that you have frustratingly holding to manipulate both the analog clock and the camera, and then press L1 every time you need to climb, or Tom is going down instead. <br /> Next, I have never seen a system of fighting worse. The first problem is that you can not self-aim or close over to any purpose. At one point early, the game looks like you can use L2 or R2 to close on goals but never worked. So, to focus on any enemy, you have to struggle with the stupid analogue right stick and try to keep adjusting both the character's orientation and the camera, which tends to float in the wrong corner or make Tom disappear all the time. Then you're probably getting pummeled or shot to death. <br /> Next, if you're touching or almost touching an enemy - and that's certainly going to be the case for combat or using melee weapons, the battle system - which primarily consists of tapping or holding R1, is completely useless. Enemies can pummel you almost into a bear hug, but you just can not move unless you come back. So close battle tends to consist of you yanking on the analogue left stick, calling to the character to move away, which it will not make 50% of the time, then tapping R1 as much as you can before The enemy gets too close again and makes R1 unnecessary. But if the enemy changes the angle to you in the meantime, you'll also go to struggle with the right analog stick to find your character oriented in the right way and get the camera in position so you can see anything. Then you're probably getting pummeled or shot again, and your only option will try to move the character again. My fight often occurs in making Tom circles running around an area like a comedy movie, hoping I could get enough time to struggle with the analog stick and get a couple of shots before being in mercy again. So much for realistic battles. <br /> And the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns. If you're touching someone, the half-time controller just will not allow you to fire in a shot, yet they can still control you full of holes. In addition, there is no self-aim, and the system is aiming is ridiculous sensitive, even with the sensitivity set to zero under Options. Gunfights tend to consist of you hopelessly to try to aim or go away while the enemy shot shot after injection. Luckily or not, damage seems to be recording almost randomly. It can take one to ten or more vaccinations to drop any character, and there are no rhymes or reasons. You can put five shots at the top of an enemy and near empty empty points and will always return fire and hurt you. But the game designers seemed to care enough about realism than to build a reluctance of your aiming system, so after shots and powerful enough weapons, your aim will be to drift into target, and you'll have to fight it again. > <br /> As for the graphics that are celebrated, except for the characters and textures that you're locked in, they're actually pretty disappointing. The distance always looks very empty, and there are often vast in flat colors and nearby textures when driving. The city was not very well done. It does not vary enough, and there are not many interesting things to see or do. Cars seem to be slow and difficult to control. They also all drive on the same. Some have mentioned the music, but that was also very undesirable. They can do a better job at this end. Also, as many others have mentioned, the load times are ridiculous and constant. They tend to be over a minute, and occur between and among everything - even race. <br /> Overall, the Mafia PS2 port, at least, seems to have been very hurry. The game feels and plays like a full hack job.
