Act in this movie feeling. The plot makes very little sense, but in what I think it is supposed to be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn personal items into small steel balls that then fly in the mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow them up, whatever). And the disgusting effects, too. Most of the film consists of bad music, and the actors dance equally as seriously in the bad music, impeding and having several boring sex scenes. This would be one of the worst things ever to do, but for one thing. An element of tearful brilliance that makes the "weekend nightmare" stand above everyone else. And that special quality is George's presence. <br /> <br /> George is the traditional interface device between the scientist's daughter, Jessica, and the computer security system at home. With her green hair and her nose, balding scalp, and heart-shaped lips, George is the guardian / confident Jessica, who asked her for advice on how to meet men in one of the pieces of the most dialogue dramatic ever captured on celluloid. With his monotonous voice, George tells Jessica that the percentage of men prefer women in white dresses, and also that hitch-hiking is the third best way to meet guys after discos and bar. Of course, little Jessica just can not seem to stay out of trouble, causing George to execute "Emergency Code Codes: Jessica Protection", which results in the violent death of Jessica should be attacked one of the aforementioned steel balls . br> <br /> Kubrick was a stupid fool for thinking he could give a computer personality using closeups in a red light. HAL should be represented by our friend George in order to better translate compassion for his eventual mistakes. Show light and sound at the end of "Close Encounters"? Not bad, but how best would that the movies were if the first communication with the aliens was George but the puppet. Bishop, Done, R2? kitchen appliances next to George's! It could only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but do not be fooled. This show is all about George. With the same limited amount of screening, George joins the films of such films as Hollywood Montrose, Majai, and Pappy from New Moon Rising as American cinemas. "George Apache"? you are my hero.
