Have you ever had a cool image in yourself that you thought it would be good to be in a movie like seeing a peeking detective in the cracks in a broken fence in some abandoned homes? Or do you see a woman walking on a cold and intense street with alert watching? Yeah. Imagine stretching this image into a whole movie, you pretty much got the idea of ​​вЂ <вЂ <Broken, though there's no detective in this movie, I just use it as a visual example. But the intense woman is looking here and she is very beautiful 99% off the screen. I have nothing to complain about this woman, it is a perfect choice for this role. <br /> <br /> I consider myself a very open open person who can get fun out of all kinds of artistic expression and I can really enjoy some really moody stuff. It would be really cool if I can frame one of the scenes from this film and hang it on the wall. Let's be honest here, the act is superb. Some of the expressions on acting figures are what keep me watching. <br /> Now, on the issue of this movie. Beyond the mood, there are not many other things here. The principal has basically taken an obsession with an idea and runs it far beyond what it's worth. I do not consider it to be a stork if I tell the mania is "ice". Let's face it, this unique idea is all over the place where blood and all the directors have come to work with them. Granted, there are a few twists and turn here and there. If you pay any attention, there is nothing that will surprise you at the end, clear plot holes aside. <br /> Currently, I'm not picking bones with this style of art since I've been enjoying most of the time. I still believe that we should judge an art base on the medium it uses to express whatever the artist wants to express. Movie is not a piece of music, or a photo, or a painting, or even a poem, and certainly not just a cool image of yourself. It's all that plus a good story and character development. I consider the Lynch style of film making cheats. It is irresponsible and cheap with a waste of the medium. We gave 2-hour movies movie time for a good reason. Therefore, we should judge it differently than judging a single frame of imagery as a picture or board. This film is not completely lynch style, thanksgiving goodness. It has a linear development and eventually reaches a conclusion. It does not have much history or character development. It presents itself rather seriously with characters composed of common sense, thus distanceing itself from other whims of something at least to the surface. It does not offer any explanation of the element of fantasy nor has ever attempted to build a coherent world around it. The friendship came from nowhere and it seems rather isolated and crashed. Perhaps the coherence remains in the head of the director but in what I can see he did not put much effort into achieving it on the screen. Where did he put his effort at that time? It seems that he spent much effort in building the mood and improving it with the music. The music often builds up tension that eventually turns into a tease. Only in the later part of the film scare and tension to materialize. <br /> In the end, I felt like: OK, I know what you are trying to say here but is that the point you are trying to do not spend two hours building all these tensions? It is rather irrelevant to what character they are and what kind of life they have. And we are giving very little about what the characters are. All we have is the only thing that has taken place. Irritating but I guess the director did not have much work to work with and shows.
