I gave this movie 3 out of 10 because I watched zillions in movies and I can clearly tell what a intellectual movie with a top-mocking message would look like. Definitely, the Broken is not one of those movies. I must admit that the movie has made me think a lot tries to understand what the whole thing is trying to lead in and despite the explanations I've read in previous comments, they seem just an exaggeration just have one self in the intellectual league of men. The picture on the cover clearly shows that the broken piece is broken above the face that usually has the brain. It is a clear message that once this part of the body is broken the rest is distorted and dead. So you start waiting on the movie characters to show where their defeat and this is not evident in any of the scenes because the movie begins right away without any introduction of the characters and their lives before. Even if we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware he has enemies but still this is not a very strong sign. There were indications being planted more in the movie, one would have to say that he's a good masterpiece. But if the film was so slow at pace, it was at the same time so empty with no metaphorical scene at all. And the meeting of the evil father and the evil Gena to the end is a strong reflection of the existential messages that some people talk about in other comments. In addition, if Gena really lives in the apartment as her brother tells her to the end, then how come she is the wrong one? I bet I can challenge any theory on this movie and many questions that can only lead to one conclusion: This movie is one firefighter and a waste of time. Obviously it shows someone trying to get out of something meaningless mystery that is with no value at all. I'm a big fan of horror movies and especially the slasher that some people call popcorn movies. Horror movies are not supposed to transmit profound messages! They are supposed to discover the beautiful mass of life and show you the other side of darkness in it is the truth I guess. Horror films should have blood, sham, intensity, skeletons, body organs and parts. Because this is the real horror and it's never far from reality. I watched almost all horror movies and I can prove that each one of them can be as real as the sunrise. There is nothing real since so long ago thought. For example, the horror film "train" with all the abbey and density of it and its similarity almost to everything and "auberge", it speaks of a very real thing that sells body organs illegally by kidnapping people in foreign places where One has to ask or search for them. Even though we consider Broken a movie with an existential message, it's still very badly featured with the least scary. I prefer the addiction message presented in Requiem for a dream that went beyond drug addiction to emphasize the fact that any kind of addiction if sex, television, security / being pampered, etc. ... can be so destructive and fear out of hell outside of me. And those who still criticize horror movies and many commercials, are usually just bunch of people who find fear easily and simply do not like this genre but that does not mean that there are fans of these movies and that they have a much to offer to the viewer from adrenaline turmoil, ecstasy, leadership lessons (believe it or not!), the most important entertainment face facing interviews with the essence of life, as ugly and scary as it may seem, death!
