If the myths regarding broken mirrors would be precise, everyone involved in this production would now face roughly 170 years of bad luck, because there are a lot of mirrors that fall off little pieces here. If only the script was like breaking like the mirror, then the "Broken" would have a brilliant film. Now it's sadly an overlong movie, dummy and dull and only just a handful of remarkable ideas and memorable sequels. Sean Ellis has made a very stylish and chic film movie, but the story is subtle and the total absence of logic and explanation is really frustrating. I got into a discussion with a friend about the basic concept and "meaning" of the movie. He thinks Ellis finds inspiration from an old legend claiming that your doppelganger spotting is a tired of how you will die. Interesting theories, but I'm not familiar with this legend and could not find anything on the internet about this, nor. Personally, I just think "Broken" is yet another extensive variation on the theme of "invasion of the body snatchers" but without the interference of aliens. "Broken" centers on the American McVey family living in London, and particularly Gina. When an unbridled glass breaks during a birthday celebration, this triggers a whole series of mysterious and seemingly supernatural events. Gina spotted herself driving not in a car and she followed her mirror image in an apartment building. Also driving home in a state of mental confusion, it causes a terrible car crash and ends at the hospital. When dismissed, Gina feels like all around her is changing. He does not recognize his own boyfriend again with bee fragments of the crash caught flashing before him. Is it suffering from mental traumas that are invaded by the accident or who has really a supernatural scheme that is around it? Writer / director Sean Ellis definitely invokes feelings of curiosity and suspicion of his script, but unfortunately he fails to devise quite elaborate. The "Broken" is a really atmospheric and stylish effort, but only after just half an hour of film, you come to the conclusive conclusion it will just stay a nice but empty package. There is a very frustrating amount of "fake" suspense in this movie. This means building tension, in menacing music and unusual camera angels, when absolutely nothing happens too far. By the time of actually misticking kicks in, these tricks have no effect on you anymore. Some of my boyfriend's reviews around here compare the film and particularly Sean Ellis' style and their repertoire of David Lynch, Stanley Kubrick and even Alfred Hitchcock, but that's way, way ?? WAY honored. PS: what's up with that alternate spelling; one with Scandinavian "ø"
