This film is pure, distilled, unadulterated boredom. I did not know anything about it before I entered the dark room, took my place. I was seduced by the "mysterious and thrilling" explosion on the poster I suppose. Also, Lena Headey is beautiful and unconventionally sexy, and Richard Jenkins is always a serious guy to have around, so the cast seemed reasonable. He could name him above the title that convinced me to go with this instead of whatever else was about. I should have gone to see Valkyrie for the second time instead. The thin draw revolves around Headley's Gina McVey, his companion, his father, his sister and his sister's husband who for some reason have been backed up, in a very lively and energetic way, by their bad doppelgangers from the mirrors Mysteriously break. Could have been a great movie behind this idea (not exactly an original idea, your mind, but still ...) and in fact, if the filmmakers had broken away all the cast and simply stuck in Headey's character story , The Broken could have made a reasonable 20-minute short. As it is, it is desperately unmotivated and boring, and terribly inconsistent. <br /> <br /> For example, in one scene, a mirror breaks on its own in a room housing all the main characters; They look to believe but quickly forget about it. In another scene, a mirror crushed into an empty room, and a doppelganger is visible as it "steps out" in the burden left hanging on the wall. So why broke first ice break if no crawly crawl has come crawling out? Just for a little thrill? There are too many scenes from the characters in the dimensions-lit London apartments, surfing around the corner of their thought to hear something, but seeing nothing there and moving. We start wondering, why does this malware doppelgang actually ever want to try to scare them? Scare the characters and have a chance to make the audience effort. But we, the audience, need to start threatening each other, in the darkness of the theater, if we want to have no emotion while broken. By the way, once we've spent time with those doubles wrong, we are totally bemused as to why anyone should expect to be scared of them - they just stand, appear empty on the faces, maybe totally harmless after killing Others have some nice humor and touch at all, and I dare say director Sean Ellis could fashion a really stylish and thrilling movie mystery if she hired a future imagination next time.
