A couple of days after writing about how garbage like MAD COWS and THI FILTHY ERTH received money while Ange, Duncan and Theo were totally ignored I had to sit down again another * British movie that I was scratching myself as to why he received one penny. Some people may claim that because the DEAD babies are based on a highly regarded novel, it has a built-in market, but both THI FILTHY EARTH and MAD COWS have adapted both novels and have been a turbulent to sit in <BR> I read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high-class climbers went to a remote mansion where they were treated by an internet cattle but to be honest this is not how the story unfolds Anyone waiting for the 13th Friday to satisfy the heat will be to be disappointed since 90-95% of the time runs up and says characters take drugs and discuss sex. And that character hates them too. Not one of them is unmatchable in any way and in minutes you will receive Nostalgic for Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot hope that next time someone will undertake democratic communism will be successful in creating a egalitarian utopia. Anything that will signal the end of such decadence candles that the lovers characters in this movie embark on can only be welcomed <br /> Not content and give us a movie where the plot is leaking and where the audience fail to connect and the principal characters continue to spoil the things further by finding all smart and artistic. No doubt that is impressing us that we will fall on our knees and cry "Oh, my God, who is a wonderful director as he bamboozles us with his very artistic technique, and only a worthless plea will fail to appreciate what a God gives this talent to man. " I'm sure the vast majority of people call either "How does my project turn up while crap like this was not?" Or "WTF was the last hour of this piece of crap all over?" You could defend the movie by telling the original source novel was unfilmable and this makes the movie unwatchable. I'll agree that this film is invalid <br /> * I know the IMDb classes as an American movie but the style and fault with baby DEAD is uniquely British. Americans might think they had hard things with Bush but we had Tony Blair, not to mention baby DEAD, MAD COWS and this FILTHY land. No wonder everyone is disappointed to be British in the 21st Century
