Over the past 20 years, the majority of British films are about how orally poverty UK entry is and how our youth do not stand a chance for a good life also that they live on the mean streets of the British cities . The British film industry is obsessed with the idea of ​​'breaking Britain'. Trainspotting, This is England, Kidulthood, Factory Football, Kes and Out of London Brighton. <br /> <br /> Bullet Boy is just another British movie added to this list. The main character expresses a desire to go straight yet he still insists on hanging around and bating dead who carry weapons and fighting with gang members on nothing. I was never convinced that he wanted to go straight that there was nothing left him pursuing an education or a trade. In fact it would be a breath of fresh air if it was going straight and we had a character that turned his life around. Instead she spends her time helping his friends trying to commit murder. I felt no sympathy when she was shot by another teen at the end of the film, which is sad because at the start of the movie I really loved the whole family and their desire for success. I believe that musicians lack a great chance to show the world the success that is for those who really want to make it (like early pursuit). <br /> I know this bi movie tried and paint a realistic picture of what life is like for black youth living in working class areas in Great Britain, but not we already have enough movie in UK and with that draw? Are not these talented producers and writers to Britains young people something to love and show them a better life is just around the corner? <br /> I applaud the musicians of bulls for not charging the full movie of mindless violence in order to try and get success in traumatic factors (such as Kidulthood, soccer factories) but at the same time this movie offers There is nothing new in a long list of British films that effectively dull and depressing them. No happy ending this movie or any of the others I mentioned.
