A movie like Grace Amazing and Chuck is a perfect example of how the left in this country just does not get it. They never did. And liberalism continues to slip further and further into political oblivion. This film deals with a little baseball star that decides to stop playing ball as a protest in the existence of nuclear weapons. The boy is understood to be ridiculed until a bevy of professional athletes, led by senior NBA star Alex English, to join his cause. Not just some of them get into the cause. By the time its movement reaches its zenith, all leagues of professional and college sports have canceled the seasons since nobody will play any more. Just to move this review together, I'm ready to give this quote. Even though he would never reach a million years, I'll just imagine he could, then go there. <br /> I do not quite remember how, but some kind of agreement reached, and Boys decided to go back to the game he likes in an incredibly smile and ridiculous scene. Before criticizing the message of this movie, let me just say that this movie is wrong writing, acted and directed. Even if someone agrees with the boy's position, it would be impossible to overcome how badly the movie was built. And that's a shame since there are so many good actors going to garbage. (Peck, Curtis, Petersen). Alex English does as well as she could have with her character however, and I wish she would try to act in more films. Alas, it's the easiest chance to get the world's coaching work in the NBA. One willingness Mr. English would teach more of these types of NBA thuggish today how to shoot the stone a little better. Alex certainly knew how to put the ball in the basket. As far as the movie's message is concerned, it's just wrong-headed. Plain and simple. All those who have invaded nuclear have gone far into these missile silo from the west PREVENTED WAR !!!!! It would be one thing for this boy and his sheep to protest against a real war or the USE of nuclear weapons. These weapons were in fact never used, and that was the genius behind their existence. Neither side of the cold war was crazy enough to fire a single rocket. Without these weapons, which knows what can happen between the United States and the USSR. <br /> <br /> Musicians these films obviously intended for kids in America to take up their cause and follow in Chuck track. Kids in America however are smarter than the left-wing kooks created this dre. <br /> <br /> This movie is worth only 2 of 10 stars. If you want to see a big movie about the dangers of nuclear war, wood and Dr. Strangelove, rather. br /> <br /> Mr. Newell, you have no Frank Capra!
