It's a real shame that almost no one under 30 knows "on top" written by Michael O'Donoghugh magazine magazine and SNL skit that was engineering for the time ... and so it's a true shame that anyone which can take the opportunity to research his work will no doubt take the easy way out and watch videos - so lead them to MR MIKES MONDO VIDEO. <br /> <br /> This movie contains smart elements that never completely connect to the funny dice. The viewer experiences things like cat diving and swimming and those who think he has found feline happiness by hurling these kittens into a pool that the camera follows in slow motion and timeline sequences. Then we were taken to an island where all past fads retired (hula hops, pebbles, rainbow pearls) ... then we entered the music world (Punk was a new variety of the music at this time film) where "D" Bar scene scene Slots make "boogie until you puke" in her own lazy style in dirt and eclectic sleaze. Now the real beauty of all this is the ground music back. In many different genres and many different instruments the sound of playing TELSTAR and replays- for those who do not understand Telstar was the first American satellite launched in space and the theme was created to celebrate genius and triumph. MR MIKES seems to have been meant as a signal to waste ridiculous waste society. Now, one thing the theater offers that the video release was not a live performance in South Vicious (old sex pistol by the wrestler) sings my way. His version is very different than Sinatras as one might imagine but frankly I feel worth the cost ... it's good! This is the sad part of the release of VHS Paul Anka denied the rights of his song and the viewer was forced to experiment 3 1/2 minutes silently with a roll explanation of all the gender sex images podcast. <br /> I would release the theater a 5 or 6 video is closer to a 4 and now that much is happening I can see where many people would give it a 3 or 2.5. If you want to see a good O'Donoghugh script look scroogeed ... it is a better tribute to their insight and talent.
