Well I probably about being lambasted by everyone on this site, but the good Earth is one of the worst structured films I've seen in a long time. We have a 2-hour movie and half an hour that feels like her three and a half because she has two films in one. The first movie tells the story of a family who have to move to form their home because of drought and hunger. They have to travel south to town to get food or work in some kind. Easy to reach a bag of jewelry and at the same time to find that the drought ended. Yeah OK. With this knowledge they return home and their wealth and everything is fine and wonderful again. <br /> Well that takes about an hour and a half of film and while it's incredible death at this point she has a beautiful arc. You would think this would be a fantastic place at the end of the movie. However, the movie then goes on for another hour. And at that time staying, he took a simple story about a family related to the challenges of the world and turned him into a windmill on the betrayal and jealousy between lovers. Oh yes with the old age, money is the root of all blah blah blah blah. Just because you know you make an epic movie does not mean that your story can go unnoticed for more than it was. Also my main idea would be to pick up on this film is that the soil is good for this family and keep them together. Then why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich fall in love with another woman, and why is the final moment in the movie is dedicated to a wife that our main character was not even cared for at most strong in the movie. <br /> O wait and the movie is not the only thing wrong to write, the main characters of the characters make absolutely no sense. He complained about how he was a slave and he never wanted to be a slave with yadda yadda yadda. Then why's the drop of a hat she wants to sell her daughter to slavery. Even though they are starving at this time, it still does not make sense when 20 minutes later in the film he complains about not wanting a slave again. <br /> <br /> There are other films from the thirty that should pay attention. The only thing this one will be for it is the cinematography. The land shot very well, o and the sequence and crickets are quite impressive. Too bad was in a movie that had nothing to say. <br /> <br /> Last thing. I know that at this point in time Hollywood has focused primarily on the stars and they figured that a good actor can show nothing. For most of the film Paul Muni shows an Asian man in the best of his abilities, but once he hits the half point where the movie goes on for no reason he loses it and just becomes regular old Italian Paul, They even cut her hair so she looks like Tony from Scarface (also a movie better than this). Of all the main characters of the movie I think maybe three are actually Asian, the rest are just Americans were funny. Oh and please Mrs. Rainer who was a really nice score one, not, if I could I rip the Oscar out of your hands, oh i would. <br /> <br /> The good Earth is only one waste season in time. If you want something together this prosperous look on beautiful evening to get the grapes in anger, a movie that truly deserves all the glory it gets. Mostly because it was not written by a monkey.
