... cause them both pretty disgusting. I think the best part of the film is the horrendously Imperial picture of Faye Dunaway at the top of the stairs. It seems that it could be very easy to step out of this picture, rip a person into bloody pieces, and calmly re-enter the portrait looking as if nothing had happened. Now you know a movie in trouble when part of the furniture is set to manage to attract your attention. <br /> I admit, I paid $ 30 for the DVD just so I could see Faye Dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. I know what you're thinking - 30 bucks right down into a black hole gaping. And you should be absolutely correct. This movie sucks. There, it's right out of the open. I was expecting some current crisis, and I waited and waited and waited. None came. The Cornelius (probably a rooster of makeup) did not scare me, seeing the little piece of internal organs did not scare me, and even Faye did not scare me. I'm not that brave, I know, so it must be the movie itself that is the problem. What's more, Jennifer did not fear either. Her internal organs were literally falling apart and it seemed more peeved than anything. Her life quickly came to a close and was worried about more money. Honey, you can not take the money where you go !!! "I need money," she always said, completely ignore the fact that her lungs had dropped and stopped working. <br /> Meanwhile, I was spending all the films asking for what was up with the grandma (Faye). I was first suspected, Faye played a grandmother and all, and I was always suspicious at the end. There is another family living in the home that Jennifer and Mary Ellen Grandmothers-From Hell-are forced to share temporarily, and I guess it is in the same generation as saying grandmother. Here's the unusual party - the relative seems to have just endured it's eightth birthday centenary. Mary Ellen seems to have just gotten a face-up figure from a renowned surgeon. Face-lifts can not work miracles, but I think that Faye's appearance is important to the paper-ribbon scheme. SPOILER !!! It seems that the family is plagued by an illness that affects bad act ... sorry, my little joke. Seriously, though, there are all diseases that cause organs to fail and ultimately disintegrate. Yuck, huh? Interestingly enough, Mary Ellen is still alive and all its organs are intact. How did he avoid the family curse? Something that stands with him, obviously. Another reason for the loss of thirty dollars - this film features one of my peeves all-time pet films. I look at the double end. This movie ends twice. I absolutely hate her when that happens, and in this film she feels like the director shoots the finish, did not like it, and forgot to remove it during correction. I guess it's supposed to be scary, but it's only if you're a movie editor. There is one stuck in this phase, though, and it's one of the reasons I've bought the DVD. In the "Movies" commentary featured Faye Dunaway, and I wanted to see how he reacted when he did not have the line to recite. Guess what - the movie sucks so bad I could not sit in it again. Behind.
