This is the easiest, most irritating film, the most aggressive film of all the so-called genre of blacksploitation, which, by the way, is our film generally enjoying a great deal of our home. Instead of "exploitation" or degrading, these films actually provide a priceless insight into an era. Well, not Bucktown. In this story, Duke returns to Bucktown to operate the night club leaving him by his recently deceased brother. He quickly learns that the city is entirely controlled by a corrupt police force, bleeding money coverage from all local businesses. Duke resisted, and determined that he would save the city from the corrupt police. Unfortunately, it does when he calls to a posse of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as some ancient black militants who worked with Duke on "working" in the past) and simply murder the police department all in the cold. And literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. Ignorance is not a justification for murder, and it would be more fun to see the Cracker Polker suffers for the actions as opposed to simply becoming whacked in the street. While revenge is an all-pervasive and generally satisfying film in this genre, it is a far cry from Pam Grier to track down the thugs off'ed her family, chi them out, give them a jujitsu ass -Kickin ', and put them into the fire. Those with art (and one reason for existing) and deserve a level of respect that is well utilized by simply shooting someone in the back. Of course, in this rare story, she plays a woman completely under the Great Man, frightening of the Crackers who runs her city and oppresses her people. Indeed, her advice to Duke is, "Run, the people will kill you!" Following the violence of illness and gratuitousness, we hope to believe that the city's mayor and all the happy people condemn the actions of Duke and his friends, congratulate them and their offerings throw a parade in honor, as opposed to saying, call attorney The district squeezed capital charges against them and was taken to jail. Posse the Duke denies the parade and instead the options fill out many vacancies on the police force created by the latest killing spree. They immediately proved to be even more corrupt than the Cracker predecessors (quoted the mayor, "They're ten times worse than we've ever had!"). Now Duke finds he must again rescue the citizens of Bucktown from corruption, official police-racist defense and again making it safe for decent people to operate a prostitution business in the streets. Unfortunately, Duke has already lost all moral highness and sympathy due to a hero, as he was a unwilling participant in the murder of the original police force. I would not have taken care of the one or the other if he had saved Bucktown or gotten connected to that point. I think we must be entertained by the clever Duke Duke having outsmart the new Police Goons, but in fact the movie has now just become a opera of free violence, Duke kills all his former friends and allies in cold blood and the same thing The absence of compassion was when gunning down the cracker police. Duke is a pig. Finally, when everyone in town but Duke, Aretha, and the employees of the local shepherds are killed and bleedin 'on the street, our heroes and heroines walk in the night as though they had some kind of admirable or value pick up; they do not. Duke is merely a murderous thug and his Aretha allows misogynist accomplices. If you are interested in this genre of film, by all means, I highly recommend them, see Coffy, Foxy Brown, Turner Truck, Blacula, Sheba Baby ?? but if in the process you should run through this DVD, throw it as far away as you possibly can! Drop it like it's hot! It should be treated as one would treat a puddle of nuclear waste! There is no single film in the whole Blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of mold, obviously written by and aiming at some hormonally disbalanced schools in sophomores.
