Night of comet begins as the world prepares for once in a life event, passing through a 65 million more years old commits. Instead of watching the show show by Regina Belmont (Catherine Mary Stewart) decided to spend the night with cinema projectionist Larry Dupree (Michael Bowen) in his booth ... They wake up in the morning and how Larry try to leave the movie is attacked & killed Not a zombie, the same Regina zombie attacks but he managed to escape places on discovering that almost everyone on the planet was back in red dust. Almost everyone because of some surprising coincidence only the other surviving survivors are his sister Samantha (Kelli Maroney), desperately searching for more survivors & meet up with a long-distance truck called Hector Gomez (Robert Beltran) . Meanwhile, a lot of evil scientists need no human to develop a serum to save themselves from turning into the dirt ... they are watching out for donors wanting ... <br /> <br /> Writing & directing by Thom Eberhardt I found Night at the Comet a wonderful garbage experience, amazed at the amount of positive comments on IMDb about it because I just thought it was boring crap who never lived up to it in potential. The script begins about 100 miles an hour with the obliteration of the entire population of Earth & a zombie attack but then it goes absolutely nowhere & then eventually introduces the blood to steal thieves scientists towards the end of the movie because by this time the thin story has run its course. There are plots too if these scientists want without why shooting three or four gang members and rescuing their sisters when men would give more blood to their experience, the killers just seemed a totally rare and almost suicidal thing to consider Needed without developing a healing, it just does not make sense I mean if you go to die & you need to experiment on hundred people would rather have five or six donors donated blood or just two? I do not have the fact that two sisters survived lonely, I mean what are the odds about that? When Hector encountered the female scientist for the first time she never mentioned Samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where she was taken to Regina before she committed suicide to how Hector knows things? I also thought the minutes after the minutes of the odd movie slowed down to a stairs and became incredibly boring and dull to look, after hearing many good things about it Night of the comet coming across me as not There is nothing more than a boring piece of crap. <br /> <br /> Director Eberhardt does a really good job, I liked looking at the movie with her red tinted sky & she managed to create a really cool atmosphere of insulation. Unfortunately, there are many empty vaccines, there is constant mounting of empty streets, desert roads & abandoned buildings & it becomes very repetitive & dull. OK we get it no other person so there's no need to keep ramming it down our throat do not constantly show roads without car over them. Zombies are totally wasted, there are two zombie attacks in the entire movie & this two zombie individuals as well although there are a couple of nightmare performances. Night of the comet pay homage, or rip-off whatever you prefer, several other best films including the mandatory end of the world shopping spree in a mall rose from Dawn of the Dead (1978) . Forget about any blood or gore as there is no .. <br /> <br /> Technically Night of the Comet is very good, the special effects are decent enough & the production crew were obviously very good at the closed street. The act was well expected for Maroney as Samantha blonde in the air-top that became extremely disappointing. <br /> <br /> Night of the comet was a great disappointment for me, I was hoping for so much more. Persoanlly I found this movie, dull, bizarre & the swine sequence inducing where sisters go shopping in the tune of 'Girls Just Wanna Have Fun' is probably the worst moment in the movie. Really bad & I just do not get why so many people like this, I'm sure I'll get killed to say it to let the abusive start I can take it.
