I think a round of applause is in order for those who are presenting the trailer trailer for latest Rogue Foto's release, The Return. I, with all the others being deceived into believing it is in fact a horror movie. On the contrary, it is actually a supernatural suspense. Too small, is not much less thrilling. Sarah Michelle Gellar's 'Return' stars as Joanna Mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the eleventh age. It was at that age that he began to have anxious visions showing the murder of a woman she had never met. While in Texas on a business trip, she was led by the vision of the murdered city of La Salle. There he comes face to face with another person who has often appeared in his vision. A man by the name of Terry Stahl, who plays by Peter O'Brien. Joanna is now on a desperate search for the answers. A search might be the end result of his very own murder. <br /> I really do not know where to start here. Which should I first mention? The actress, horrible actress, or storyline is terribly affected? No matter which one I choose my point behind each is the same: they simply suck. Adam Sussman's scripts are downright scarce. It's not interesting. It is not compelling. It's just plain displeasure. I was still waiting for something to stop the "movie" (I quoted quotations around film because I do not think the 'return' is worth to call an actual movie due to her mobility.) And at least give some little chance at hope, but nothing ever happened. I left out of an unbearable cold freezing. Not even the stellar performance from the actors themselves could save this disaster. Of course they probably knew this he read the script then agreed to make the "movie". I assume this is why the act was so awful. At least that is what I choose to believe. I really hope the cast does not pride themselves on their performance. They need immediate medical attention if they do. <br /> Now the LED has been unforgiving bad, but I can not properly criticize Asif Kapadia entirely. (Well I could, but I'm not going to be since I'm such a nice guy.) I look at the 'Return' as a test for Kapadia because for all of you who do not know, this is his first full-length feature "movie ". She just gets her foot at the door and still learns. Next time around, well if there is next time, hopefully it will improve the widest. The only thing he could accomplish here was almost completely copying the visual style of 2003 Marcus Nispel to re-make in the 'Texas Chainsaw Massacre'. Now this beautiful "movie" was given, but unfortunately it still will not get any kudos from me for that. Copying another's job is not something I consider to be praised. (Though it is from a movie I enjoy very much.) I think Jim Sonzero's American re-performer of 'bats' will now have to fork on the title of Worst Film of the Year 'The Return'. It is beyond the deserved title of the title in almost every way imaginable. Now I do not doubt this will be a bit, and I mean very little, profitable. No matter if, it will not surpass or even parallel to the success of fluctuations in previous Gellar efforts, the 'Grudge'. On this note, there is something last I'd like to add. I can honestly say I was never embarrassed to see a theater auditor until they saw the 'return'. That is something I never want to experience again, along with the "movie" itself.
