This makes the third Errol Morris movie I've seen, and I'm increasingly not liking his style. It seems to find very interesting and varied characters, great personality to create documentaries, and then with language-in-breath correction to make fun of everything else. It's never really a direct caricature of them and Morris seems most of the time to be said, "But no, no, these people are really fascinating, really!" But there's always such subtle little canted and subtle tackling critique techniques that show that Morris seems to be mocking them back. This movie tracks four people who break the traditional limits of organic separation ... a man studying African malls find that they are amazingly-like, a lion, a man who holds a field full of beasts-shaped shrubs, and a robot designer. The general theme of the film looks like gravity around the question of what is designated animals, humans, and life features? So the title of Fast, Cheap, & Out of Control does not really seem to mean anything in terms of the movie ... right? Except of course Morris seems just a little affected by passion those people (it might be called "obsessions") to make synthetic designs on life. I share not scary and honestly by appreciating some of the Morris connections made in the movie. But I stress his subtlety. With no voice-on narration and leaving the words entirely interviews, it's not as if Morris's book books are concerned about collective peers. Instead, it combines circus foot and ants along with frequent times when taking out of the context of the circus and the ants, showing a sort of collective absurdity behind that all those talking about. I do not get them absurd, I find them all very well and interesting. Unless, of course, he did not intend those juxtapositions, which means he's just a craftsman instead of a silent transformer. Considering one of the films I've seen so far has particularly impressed me, I'm not really busy to find out what he's trying to do. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
