Honestly, this is easy in the top 5 of the worst movies I've ever seen. In part, because it succumbed so seriously, as opposed to regular waste trash, this cinema wants you to be emotionally involved, to feel for the characters, and to take care of the alleged plot. None of this ever comes close to happen. <br /> <br /> **** MILD SPOILERS ****** <br /> There are 3 main reasons why this movie is so awful: 1.) Incomplete and totally non-sensitive plot. 2.) annoying style-on-substance "MTV" camerawork. 3.) Moron characters and plot holes. <br /> <br /> Allow me to elaborate. <br /> <br /> 1.) Apparently, then the cinemas were made, they could not decide whether to make a movie about church conspiracy, stigmatitis, or possession. So guess what? They combine them! An Aetheist gets owned by a deceased person, who then makes his stigma exhibits so as to expose a church plot. How a regular person is able to transcend death and possess someone else in his Rosary never explain, or even talk about. Now, instead of just saying what he meant, he gave it the Stigmata. WHY? Why not just spit it out? Instead, we get treated at the scene of screaming stuff in harsh voices, clicking cryptographic messages on cars, and writing messages on the walls. Apparently this priest was also a violent guy, because the girl owned the same period from one o f character, while speaking in that crooked, harsh, "owned" voice that we all heard countless times. This also begins to bind to my second complaint, because whenever the girl becomes the stigma, she also challenges the laws of gravity by floating in the air, and shots everything and everyone around it as if were in an earthquake? Why does this happen? What k know! I guess is that the director thought he was "cool".) This movie has dozens of shots, slow motion, of course, in birds that show up from nowhere and fly in, and most annoying, in water flow. This woman's apartment is constantly flowing! CONSTANTLY! Logically, the place would probably fall apart with this very hole. Summon up this complaint, towards the end, and for absolutely no reason, the camera cut off in the shutter flow shaft, in slow motion, to back! POUKISA!?! I have no idea! It does not matter at all, and once again, I'm betting it because the director thought it looked "cool". 3. One of the main characters said he became a priest to explain far from science sciences. That does not make sense for me. I would think that going to church would be enough, but no, he has to go through all the rigamarole becoming a priest. I just do not buy it. Secondly, there are many traps holes, some of which I will elaborate on the bottom. For starters, when it first becomes the stigma, the scene ends with unconsciousness, bleeding. And she's in the hospital. Who called the ambulance? Another is towards the end, when mentioned already mentioned "scientific priest" talking to the spirit that owns the girl. He said, "Take me as your messenger!" Not a word for word but you get the idea. Answer it? "You do not have faith, only doubt!" So, he owns an aetheist! An aetheist has no faith, far less then any scientific priest! Then there's the fact that the object of this film scheme, this Gospel Evidence (in St. Thomas, I believe) is available in bookstores. The characters they want to kill in supporting this document, but you could walk down to a bookstore and buy it. Perhaps this should take place in an alternate history, where it is not widely known, but the movie is never trying to tell us that, or even hint that this is an alternate event in discovering this document. <br /> <At the end, this movie is horrible at a spectacular degree. It's my arch-nemesis, which I feel I need to insult every chance I get. I lost his head. Final Grade: F
