Not only the movie author, Steven Greenstreet, obviously idolizes Michael Moore, but also follows his track by using several of the film-making film Moore's propaganda. Moore has the expertise to distract the viewer in this focus though, while Greenstreet is obviously less skilled here. Having been privy to all of the issues surrounding Moore's speech at UVSC, I was ashamed to see the biggest complaint in the community - that Moore paid $ 40,000 to the Utah State Education fund to fundamentally promote John Kerry's campaign and to advertise his own film liberal - was pushed to the Greenstreet background while smaller issues were sensationalized. The marketing methods for this video have been equally biased and obnoxious ... promoting the movie by claiming that "The Mormon tried to kill Moore". Not only is this preposterous, but it disrupts a great religion that Greenstreet obviously has some personal issues with them. I visited Moore's visit very much, and all the major news agencies noted that Moore's visits had come and gone without problems of security or incident in Utah. Greenstreet has been bankered on this movie for flying film-making career to point out that he even dropped out of film school to help accelerate this. This seems to have been a serious miscalculation though, since Moore's visit to approximately 60 other colleges and universities across the country in 2004 has earned interest in this event rather common. Greenstreet's suggestions that American audiences would be interested in this film due to encouraging religious and conservative angles does not seem to be well founded. Even the name of the movie, This Separated State, is a bit of a misnomer since Utah has voted to re-election Bush and thus appears more politically unified than any other state. The division of the film title seems more indicative of the Gulf that exists in the Greenstreet's ideological differences with its religion and state. If anything, I find a funny correlation between religious angles in this supposed document and Woody Allen's hilarious discussion at Sleeper (1973) that, "I beat them in Quakers".
