Throughout my years of film-going, only once I walked out on a movie, and that was terrific "Stay Fit." Fortunately, the movie reimbursed the ticket and I went to see the "Buffy Vampire Slayer" instead (a minor improvement). This movie is "Gone With the Wind" compared to "Dick," a comedy so unfunny that it almost became the second movie I ever walked out of. "Dick" was so unfunny it was even impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh with him. Granted, pay to see a movie with a title like "Dick" suggests that it will be filled with black "dick" jokes and winds up a great disappointment, and yet I was hoping to be high because of dropping In remarkable (Daniel Hedaya, Bruce McCullough, Dave Foley, Kristen Dunst, etc., etc.) and a quote that at least promised something cool. What the movie was saved was, such as portended, four horrible jokes "predators", comic distribution suffered from jetlag, and a site that was minced after the first five minutes. In short, it was the Watergate scene from the "Forrest Gump" stretched, hammered on a rack and mangled - over 90+ lousy minutes. <br /> <br /> As soon as you understand that the two main characters - Airless, Unsuitable Squealers who are thrashing and eyeballs roll inevitably - will participate in every major Watergate event, you begin to mentally check on the plot as it progress: 18 and a half minutes deleted from the Nixon tapes, CHECK; Deep throat meetings with Woodward and Bernstein, EAK; John Dean receives a change of heart and testifies, Check. The lawsuit travels more languidly and over as engaged as the real watergate affair and about as much street-getting in boots. And even though it poses to be an entertaining re-deconstruction of the events leading to President Nixon's resignation, he gets into a paint-by-the-number, pick-your-own-adventure, fill-in-the-blank comedy which says very little and even less entertainment. <br /> The same movie film film - the aforementioned cast - is bewilderingly unproductive here. Most disappointing at all is Harry Shearer as G. Gordon Liddy. Blocked as it is behind the thick and narrow-jacketed liddy mustache in nebbly morose, Shearer mumbles a few lines, trying to desperately remove from the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappear. Dave Foley, one of the Funny Masterminds from Kids at the Hall (two others, Bruce McCullough and Mark McKinney also appear in this movie - ah, the blessings of nepotism) fare seriously too. Haldeman H.R. It occasionally determines a much-needed need in the funeral scheme, but this funniest thing about it is the Buzz off - it's sport - maybe the movie all funniest. Then there is Daniel Hedaya as Richard Nixon - oops, I mean "dick." (It made amusingly funny.) It managed to play a solid Nixon, avoiding the pitfalls (as high iron, rubber nose and fake teeth at the Anthony Hopkins) while preserving the essence (the vacation between humorous humor and koarseness ). I seem to be forgetting someone. . . Oh yes, the two stars in the movie, these souvenir teenagers. I can not remember their names, perhaps because I reprimanded their performance. There is nothing that can be further from comics; Nothing could be more painful than having to hold the ramp that runs the gamut of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "pouty" kick in. This movie seemed to be a bad excuse of string along a 70s band and parade clothing clothing period, both of which seem to be the usual these days for film and television show set in "May the Deseni." But the clothes and music of wind up being a replaceable replacement for true characters and plots, a kind of superstar-drawn punch that the producers hope to compensate for anemic writing. <br /> <br /> The only possible use of this film is year down the road when any one of its talent cast appears on David Letterman or Conan O'Brien. This terrific cinematic screening will steal from embarrassing and hopefully outraged the star inviting stunned men. The sad thing is that the bad guys in all this - the writers and producers - will be far from the gaze cameras, possibly bake up another disaster like this.
