When I first saw this film, I really could not wait to see it. The draw seemed good and the environment was great. I mean, a slasher movie that takes place on night ball, great idea !! And the draw: A high school teacher who is sexually obsessed with one of his students, goes crazy, arrested, and night three years later on prom night! Prom night, a night that should be happy and memorable, turning into hell! However, I saw her and she was very disappointed. Not only the worst "horror movie" I've ever seen, but it was one of the worst movie in general that I've ever seen !! First of all, it was not even scary. There was not one moment in that movie when I jumped out of my seat. Also, the murder scenes were so cheesy and dull. All the slasher has to either sew the victim of the abdomen several times or cut the throat. Also there was absolutely no gore (it rated PG-13). The scene and the blood most were probably one of the killers where the girl killed the black girl. She slips her throat and blood splatters on the leaves hanging around (not actually show off her throat). Next, you see the killers face the first time he is introduced to the movie. It's not mysterious, creepy, or scary. It is just this guy who kills people. <br /> Also, everything in the movie was so cliché. An example is when, in the end, the killer is about to kill the main character and at the last moment, the shoots detect and kill him. Also, each of the film was so predictable. The victim, after seeing the guy with a knife, runs for his life, hides, thinks it gets away, and then the killer just pops out and kills it. <br /> <br /> Finally, the sequence of the film was pretty bad. The guy goes to the hotel, kills a few people, their bodies discover, someone pulls the fire alarm, and everyone is evacuated. The main character forgot something in her room, has a meeting with the killer, running and night. That's it! She and her companion go home, the slasher kills the guard home, finds the girl, then gets killed by the detective. The movie sequence was so stupid and cliché .. <br /> If your thoughts in viewing this movie all because the preview looks good, trust me, do not waste your time or money. No wonder this movie has been shown in the youngest theater of the movie theater. My friend and I, along with the two girls sitting in the back, were the only ones in the theater. That should tell me something about the movie in advance.
