The Little Mermaid is one of the absolute favorite Disney films. I'm sorry to say, however, that Disney completely messed up when they did this end. I will admit it has some good points in it. The songs are not bad, and the animation is clean and clear. Some humor, I'm sure - I do not remember, because after watching it I immediately banned it from appearing before me again. The worst point in this movie is the draw. In this movie, Ariel became his father. She bans her daughter to the side of the sea (yes, out of fear), as she was forbidden to go near the country. I personally think that, giving her past, Ariel would keep some of her own ways and not treat her daughter as she herself was treated. <br /> <br /> In addition to this fact, Ursula was replaced by a non-fear, sort of sea witch (the night, forgotten sister) is more funny than scary. He, too, has some little relief to make his offer - but it's not scarier or worse than Ursula. Ursula spoils us with its credibility for bad things. This sea witch is a joke. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, Flounder is a fat, deep-blooded dad (no guppy we all know and love) and Eric's voice does not even make the same actor (something that always annoy me in a remake / end). (His voice difference was very clear for me, by the way!) I felt that the only reason this movie was made was that Disney could catch a few dollars fast, something I hate thinking about a Society I really really love. I felt that this draw was lacking imagination. I know that this act (children after the track to a parent) happens, but Ariel was different. It was what we loved so much about it. She had a dream, she fell in love, and she did that dream come true. Until he appeared in this movie, that is. Then he became just like other adults. This is not the Ariel I know. And I do not like it. <br /> I know some kids who love this movie, and I know some adults who did not mind her, either. But for me, and for all of you out there to have the utmost love for Ariel, please do not see this movie. The Ariel we know the die, is resurrected only for a song or two and a final scene that actually is not bad (where it accepts the water back again) - although it takes a lot of part in the finish, regardless.
