I loved the first Little Mermaid. I know the songs, I love the characters and I love the story. I can not say anything like this about the Little Mermaid II: Return to the sea. It was terrible. Let's start with the story. The plot was a reverse copy of the movie first. Even situations, except in the back! Ariel wanted to live on earth, her daughter's melody (creative name) wants to live in the sea. Ariel was deceived by Ursula, Melody is deceived by Ursula's sister, Morgana. Ursula has a sister ?? Not sure where. In addition to being a weird copy of the movie first, this film cinema seemed tired and was worthwhile compared to the movie first. Now the characters: 1. Ariel-What happened to him ?? !! No spunky, the top teenager we all knew and loved from the movie first, she has now "grown" and her personality down the drain. Her song voice was not strong as either, either Jodi Benson being a great older, or the songs were so terrible that her talent was wasted. 2. Prince Eric - While he did not have a lot of personality in the movie first, like Disney's rulers, somehow his new voice and his very few lines made him even more robotic. At his head off, he just can not seem to defend himself, and Ariel gets the hard one in the two. 3. Sebastian- Say goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the movie first, because a whiny, scary little Crab just took his place. He also had no good songs in this movie. You can almost forget the glory she has earned in the incredible song "Under the Sea" and "Kiss the Girl" in the movie first, and she is very sad. 4. Flounder- To destroy it !! It's not nice yet, his voice is terrible, and he has kids now ?? Who's the mother ??? 5. Morgana- It seems Ursula's sister comes out to revenge against her mother, who always takes Ursula on her. So he plans to get Triton's Trident to become the new ruler of the sea. Sounds familiar? Anyway, it's a very wicked look and fall short of the Ursula's greatness as a cruel one. It's evidently failed in magic, it's not very difficult, and not threatening at all. 6.Melody- Ariel and Eric's daughter. Ironic name because, unlike Ariel, can not sing. Her voice is annoying, her friend (a walrus and a penguin ?? Really?!) Are not funny or likable, and it's exactly like Ariel, back and not as likable. Skip this one. Do not look at any end of Disney except for Lion King 2. This classic snap movie that resembles all of our wonderful memories. I'll look back at this movie and just laugh.
