Well, as a Disney fan time, I'm really -a-direct-to-video Disney end. Walt HIMSELF did not believe in them. He believed in "and lived happily every later" being at the end of it. But this one ... Really tick the tacos. There were plenty of ripples in other Disney films in this, it was not funny. Quick summary, if you do not already know ...: Melody, Ariel's daughter and Prince Eric, are born. Ursula's sister, Morganna (who basically looks like Ursula, if she's green in her head and goes on Ally Macbeal's hunger diet) shows up and, after trying to make the new tyke, failing, profiting bankruptcy for the characters. Then the call, Ariel goes into a mistake to be like his father, and refuses to tell Melody about her mermaid heritage, and later on, forbid her to the side. Well surprise surprise. Melody finds out, the frustrated fervor he is, and runs away, then makes a deal with Morgana become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (Gee does not go unnoticed?) He becomes one, but in half of the bargain, he must retrieve his granddaddy's trident and bring him back to the witch's ocean. While doing so, he runs into a couple of outcast animals, a penguin and a womb please call Timon and Mute - huh? wait ... no! This is not Timon and Pumbaa! or is it? Could be to deceive me. Anyway, I would like to reveal more, but beautiful things that could have been guessed. OK so ... long story short. This movie "borrowers" too much from other (best) Disney films ... and makes it horribly. Come on ... Tip and Dash? Why not just do a flatulent eyelid grip and make it a even more obvious rip off! Ugh. Not to mention, the character of the total character of Ariel's character. She went from being a freespirited woman, head to a script of her father. Not good at all ... they're basically telling us sweet, the little mermaid we've known to grow and love is dead. Plus melody itself is not like a big character either ... it's annoying sleep! And bratty! Not to mention what they did in Flounder. Ugh ... anyway if you decide to see this piece created-mostly-for-profit-reason, no-imagination, Eisner-sponsored c ****** t, I suggest perhaps waiting until it's on the Disney channel or some other TV station. Because it is not even worth the price of a rental. <br /> <br /> * from star *****.
