I suppose it was for Matthews Temple that basically wrote a note though some changes made it worse. SPOILERS: It looks very much like the original. Melody, Ariel's new daughter is threatened by the Ursula sister, Morgana. Morgana saves, but keeps his promise to take away the tunes. Does Ursula have a sister? And it is not that great a cruel like Ursula was. This is where there are similarities. Medoly caught up in the sea until Morgana was captured, but he did not know anything about it, because it all happened when he was a baby. A wall surrounded the palace holding it in and morgana out. She goes under the wall day in day to have a swim and talk to Sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. He found a seashell with his name on it and ran away from home and looked for answers and found Morgana. Here is a similarity; Morgana tricks Melody, making it happy not to turn here into a mermaid. Meanwhile, Eric, Melody and King Triton look for her. To stay a mermaid he needs to steal the trident from Triton. So Melody does, because he does not know that King Triton is his father. He makes friends with a penguin and a wolf and here is where he is awful. The penguins who live with them in an ice ocean, hate them because they are cowards. So they try to prove they are heroes and fail. That does not suit the little mermaid. And the dialogue during these conversations between the penguins and these two characters is ear-bleeding. Do you know why? Because the first was a great story. This one is not and it's not magic. It's just an example of how many suites are. <br /> <br /> Melody to get them and help them take it to Atlantica to prove themselves. When taking the Trident, Ariel finds Melody and Morgana. Melody is angry at his mother to keep him from the sea to give the Morgana Trident, then he shows his true color once he grabs it. Poor Ariel and the tunes of his guards. The Penguins and the Womb start to prove themselves when they fight Morgana's Shark friends. Sorry I did not mention it earlier. They finally prove themselves. Eric, King Triton and his soldiers arrive, but they are forced to bow down to Morgana by the power of the Trident. Melody takes it, throws it to Triton and it's Morgana ices (literally). Then Ariel apologizes to Melody and thinks it is all his fault. It was not! Ariel did what was right for protecting tunes, but they never said that. Triton offers tunes live in the sea or in the ground. It in fact has a "best idea". He uses the trident to vaporize the wall for people and mer-folk can be together. Then everyone sings a terrible song. End of. <br /> Anyone who saw it with this love obviously has not seen the original. I do not like this because I'm a teenager. I loved it when I was very small. Then, as I grew older, I began to see what's bad about this movie. young people will enjoy it, but it is possible that when they are in elementary school, they will forget about it. Normally I would think I over-judged a movie and she was better than I remember when I looked at her again, but not this one. It is even worse. History is no exception. If you thought, when you read that good story, read more in this comment and you'll know the other bad points: Well, you know the story right now. I'm sorry to spoil it for you, but I've got to point out some bad parts in it. One of the worst things is the animation. Color is terrible. The original was beautiful color. Watching this almost makes me want to go blind. Even illustrating and designing the landscape was not good. The original was beautiful, magic coloring and beautiful underwater landscape design and soils as well, making it a joy to look. <br /> <br /> The music is unbearable. Compared to the first, the music here is crap. The songs are not well-established with Tara Strong (I think it's his name) who made Melody can not sing. It's time to sing too high or did not keep track of the melody in the song. So much to have "tunes" as a name. And the music is not at all nice or moving. Little Mermaid 1 won an Oscar for her and she really deserves it. This one deserves a razzie award for lesser music notes to an end if it exists. <br /> I do not like the voices. Several people who played characters from the first, did the same thing. Jodi Benson is a great singer, but now that he is older, there is no offense, his voice is too deep and not so beautiful again. And I really shame at it and others who were in the forefront of being part of this. If I chose for this movie, just when reading the script, I can say it would be a bad movie. Characters are different now. Ariel is more wiser now, but annoying. They exceed his character, making it too mature. At the end you do not mean to change the characters unless it is for a special purpose. She was the first sixteen. There is little chance it changed. That is the stage when you become the person you are going for the rest of your life. Screenwriters should think about it. They should think of the character. <br /> Well, I suppose it's for me. I hope you get my comments useful, because I'm sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view.
