This movie makes me want to throw it every time I see it. If you take the first movie, and reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new creatures with new names, and then throw in the wrong animation and the biggest jumping factor, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. It's basically a copy of the first movie with a reverse trace. I'll take you to the horror at it step by step. These are the people from the 1st film: First of all, Prince Eric is still eric, and over 3 lines of the entire movie. Ariel is annoying, annoying, and not against, the mind itself we have seen in the 1st. In fact, it is the exact opposite. Sebastian is still sebastian only less beautiful, less convinced that they have been insisting, and the jokes are just not funny anymore. Flounder has about 2 lines. He now has children and speaks with a dumb voice in the nose. Scuttle is still mute skuttle only not funny. Triton King Triton is probably the best, she still maintains the bullying and love for her daughter, tunes. Ariel and Prince Eric appear not to give a look on their daughter. <br /> <br /> As I said, all that was done was using the characters from the first movie and copying them. This is what they did: Ursula - The new evil villain is Morgana, Ursula's sister who feels like she still lived in the shadow of Ursula. I would not be scared if he had shown my door with a knife. It can not do anything right and it is a failure as a cruel person. It has the same voice ursula made. Sebastian & Flounder - Was replaced by probably the most stupid sidekicks, Tip & Dash, a walrus and a penguin. They try to make the hero, but always fail when trying. The scheme is so predictable. They become heroes at the end. Be cautious. Flatson & Jetsom- Now replaced by a shark that has turned about 10x smaller by triton. Hes really bad too. Morgana and the shark (Sharkbait, I think his name) has no chemistry, good or bad. Ariel Ah, Ariel. Our lovely mermaid was replaced by her un-beautiful daughter, tune. Melody can not sing, his voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch it in the face because shakes so fake sweet sugar. She wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her, she went to find herself. Huge. <br /> Not only is the boring and unoriginal movie is so simplistic when you watch this movie you will be thrashing at how bad it is. Certain parts of the movie make you want to call Disney up and ask why such a horrible movie made as an end to such a wonderful original. Basically, comparing the Little Mermaid 2 mermaid is as compared to the Ed Wood film in Casablanca. Never look this, not even when your boredom.
