The night of the bullet: The most important night of any valley fund is composed entirely of plastic. So the characters keep reminding us every ten minutes when some self-peckingly minusculous events occurred in their mid-life lives. <br /> <br /> There is really no excuse for Prom Night. There is less than nothing original about it and I really would give it zero or fewer stars it was possible on IMDb. The only part of my view that I enjoyed was when a group of adolescent sitting in front of us decided to play a game of 'ghosts'. It was a lot more interesting than all that was going on on the front screen. The draw was basically some guys going on a rampage. And the thing was, it was not even a little bit rampant. Perhaps if the guy was afraid to fear rather than a tame Robbie Williams lookalike with a baseball cap, I might have to sit there feeling a little worried. The fact that I care less about the characters than I did on the color of the movie carpet did not really add to the effect, either. And to make matters worse, the rest of the characters was equally a scarce and subconscious. The hotel staff did not seem to notice or care that one of the maids disappeared and they had more evidence that a murderer was incapable of having a hair cut. I was extremely surprised that the bitchy, stereotype girl in blue dress was the only person to notice who she was. He achieved this and then went down the stairs, plotted himself in a plastic sheet and then hit on a pile of paint buckets. A wonderful thing. <br /> <br /> The worst thing is, I hold the belief that the director was trying to absolve her toughest. It really pushes all limitations by not showing any kill actually happening. Chokan! And the music, did not even get me started. It was almost as appropriate as niding in a funeral. <br /> I really hope that Prom Night was a joke. It was terrible and stupid predictable. No one, in their right idea or otherwise, there is any reason to see this movie. Cinema mainstream seems to be going down with movies as this gets worse the situation. If you find the urge to see this movie absolutely awful, hear my prayer. Do not do that. There are best things to spend six pounds on. Like a leaf to play ghosts and.
