Okay ... So I've seen a lot of really odd / weird movies in my day. Fears and voices in Las Vegas come to mind when I think that. Well not again ... from here on out, every time someone asks me, "hey, what is the most unusual movie you ever saw?" Slipstream is what I'm going to say! And I do not mean "strange" in a great way. <br /> From the very beginning of the movie, it was obvious that this would be one of those "trippy camera effects" movies. By what I mean, little things like flashing on the screen, reselling and quick-forwarding people in words and scenes, mercy and color on the screen, flash forwards and back-flash still ... then , you have the current acting itself. People are randomly violent, shooting things / people, saying strange things that just do not do much, if any sense. The movie is about a writer who starts mixing real life with the book she's writing and for a lack of a better way to explain it, you basically see this "tour" it's going to all the movie. The thing is, Johnny Depp went on a similar trip in Fear and Praise in Las Vegas but the only difference is that his journey was fun to watch, not painful! Honestly, I had a difficult time even finishing Slipstream. It kind of injuries to my brain a bit. <br /> I can see some movie scratches making a claim as this film has certain nuances of cinemas that make it not only unique, but adding to the feeling of demeanor ... bla bla bla. The point is, this movie hurt your brain when you look it .... it makes sense, it takes all your concentration even remotely to try and understand what is going on and even in the end, the only thing you can be happy On is that it's about ... and you can tell you actually sit in it! So, in closing, if you want to see a movie that will have you say "what heck" over and over again both loud and in mind, go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check this out. > <br /> Mr Hopkins, while applauding you as an actor and congratulating you for taking a stab at directing ... please never make a movie like this again. Next time, try something that relies a little more on telling big stories than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.
