Given the chance to write, direct and star in my own movie, I would probably choose something about women robots and weapons. Anthony Hopkins, however, decided to possibly make someone in any strange darkness ever seen. "Slipstream" is a movie that is so strange that even David Lynch would probably look at people around him, saying 'What's going on? '. <br /> This is a movie where, in one scene, a man crosses the road towards a yellow car facing the right that suddenly changes to a pink car facing the left. This is a movie where two characters have a conversation interspersed with the shots of random people and bug climb up the walls. This is a movie where someone begins to talk about "invasion of the bodysnatchers" only for the actor of particular films suddenly show up like himself (and then disappears into thin air). <br /> <br /> This is a movie that decides to throw the need for a coherent scheme out of the window and use fifteen different edits also doing this, as well as changing out of black and white colors so loose reason at all. <br /> I must, however, applaud Mr. Hopkins for his choice of actors in this movie (some of those who show multiple characters). All of these involve cast themselves in their role, though they probably have no idea what they are actually doing. My favorite thing here was Thug's Christian Thug in a hat who was impressive ominous also babbling narration and singing national national national. Anthony Hopkins notes that she made this movie as a joke and this probably best way to sum up "Slipstream". It's a joke about the hearing. You will look at it from the beginning of the end, trying to understand what is going on with hope that the answer will come, only to discover that the answer never actually does. What is the punch in this particular joke, only Anthony Hopkins will ever know. <br /> I mentioned David Lynch earlier and I'm a big fan of particular director. I would guess Anthony Hopkins share my love for the likes of "Twin Peaks", "Blue Velvet" and "Highway Objects". However, "Slipstream" is not as satisfying as any of the movies in Lynch despite imitating much of his technique (although I was surprised to discover that nobody talked backwards to "Slipstream"). It's far too chaotic and random - as another review here pointed out, it's the movie version of Alzheimer's disease. No doubt there is a small number out there that can look at this and draw something from it. Unfortunately for all of our rest, "Slipstream" has quickly become an annoying and confusing experience that has only occurred due to Hopkins' involvement. <br /> <br /> Look at your own risk.
