... ripoff in a dozen best film. Particularly Steven Martin's "LA Story", which at least had the grace to be obviously fictional though she starred then her girlfriend playing her girlfriend in the movie. <br /> Yes, boys and girls naive, "20 Dates" is a mockumentary, although I'm not absolutely sure what Myles Berkowitz's intention was when he started. My impression is that he started the project semi-seriously, then quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he made the situation more ridiculous and more ridiculous. As a result, the whole thing has a comfortable, cheap and painful feel about it. As someone smartly pointed out, the film has two of the "dates" sued and restrained order on Myles and again appeared in the movie, which would be impossible as it might require a consent form. It also appears to me that the majority of women who appear as "the dates" are professional actresses (aloud by famous people, except Tina Carrere) - they are simply too obviously beautiful, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the cameras on average. Mr. Berkowitz made a classic mistake in the casting of this very cute slim actress, instead of using a variety of credible women, which might have been citing the quotes (even in a mockumentary) credible and funnier. She also skates on what's probably her real world problem, and that is that both characters of the film and real world Myles Berkowitz appear to be functional unemployed (her real life credit IMDb are practically non-existent, except this movie). Even in the world of the movie, her ex-wife divorced her for never been worked. I think the viewer (let alone Mr Berkowitz's real-life life) worthy of an explanation about it managed to live in one of the most expensive urban settings in the US, in a luxury apartment, driving a fancy car and eat from cheapest restaurants when it does not see any source of income as well. (Is it concession drug? Living in its rich parents? No clue!) <br /> You can get away with nothing at a movie if the jokes are really funny. "20 Dates" is painfully embarrassingly unpleasant. Mr Berkowitz's jokes are her character, while on the date of the restaurant, announcing her comrades how the food served is likely to give either diarrhea or constipation - the broken quality of little infants. <br /> <It's not surprising to discover that Mr. Berkowitz never made a movie before "20 Date" and in the last 8 years, has not made a single movie, has appeared as an actor in any other person's film OR There was a written or credit report of any kind. My gut Instinct tells me that this film was not funded by "Elie" (the gangster money man who looks at the camera), but most likely by Rich Berkowitz's father, or perhaps represents a shocking abuse of four credit. Whatever it was, we can all be left unavailable that we are unlikely to see Myles Berkowitz or any of his creative efforts again. Hallelujah !!!
