While Bondarchuk did not mean a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project, he was still a novice director and only one photo, a successful adaptation of a short WWII story, in his name. Bondarchuk of course has already been a star star established for decades but thespian skills meant little behind the camera, and as a director he was woefully preparing to undertake a scale production. And it shows in muddled injection especially apparently in group stage, often positioning unfortunate cameras, the varied quality varies for the director was apparently so overwhelmed by the sheer magnitude of the work actors apparently left their own devices, voiceways awkward that sounds like radio broadcast radio. <br /> <br /> The "war and peace" of Vidor was probably the main reason that pushed the Soviet government to spare no spending on this production. The Soviet list of Vidor's photos has done quite a splash. Certainly, Bondarchuk wanted to emulate the greatest force in the Hollywood movie and find his own audrey. His final choice, Lyudmila Savelyeva, a great-eye sprightly black-haired thing indeed somewhat looks Hepburn. Unfortunately, he was a Kirov ballet dancer without experience or talent experience, so the most powerful word that I can find out is that his performance is "awful." Even though he might expect the Soviet actors to speak the same language as Tolstoy's character, there would be better understanding than foreigners, but this war and peace often prove to be not the case. The revolutionary change swept away the thin layer of Russian cultural soil, that the world of war and peace grew out of, so a good part of these great names of Soviet actors involved in this production often looked as clueless as Americans do Shakespeare (I do not mean that Americans can not play Shakespeare credibility, but you'll know what I mean if you are witnessing American members cast in Branagh's adaptation). Of the three main characters only Pierre Bondarchuk is laudable, but even he was too old for the party and feels out of place in the early stages.
