Very bad, but look at science fiction films that suffer from the abominable, poor, and a ridiculous story. The open film and a spacecraft return to exploration on Mars with a woman and a man with great green crises on his arm. He, in some hokey plots, began to say what happened in this fateful journey as almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetic to wip off. Astronauts' cards take on this journey: a military type played by Gerald Mohr, Humphrey Bogart a poor person who enjoys saying "Irish" and has the savvy acting in a codfish, then there is Naura Hayden, a beautiful wheelchair and Only female crew members on flights and three men put the most formfitting costumes possible to accentuate her curve, next, Les Tremaine, a wonderful character actor from the movie Sci-Fi movie like this as the egg, and last, Jack Kruschen as Sammy - The guy from Brooklyn with jokes and does not seem too bright despite choosing for his expertise in electronics. None of these performers are really any good, and all of them say their dialogue with little conviction. Look at Tremaine as he utters that nonsense! Really, the best of the card is Kruschen - and that really says so much about this movie. But wrong acting sideways, the movie just falls apart when landing on Mars via flashback. The Mad Red Planet had a real cheap budget because Mars is really the Southwestern American with a heavy red tint on it. When the story requires something that might look Martian, there are designs with a heavy tint on them. You can say they are drawing the monsters are perhaps even worse as we get a bat-rats-spider with a 40-foot size equality that looks like some kids got together piecing dead animals together. The other significant animal is a giant amulba with an eye-catching eye. Whew! These are bad. There is a beautiful design in a Martian town, but there just was not enough of this in the movie. Despite all the big problems, Mad Madness is a fun movie movie. It is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. Most of the stuff used in the movie is so outdated. A guy is using an electric razor with a rope and I thought they can get in Mars but still using ropes. Director Ib Melchior provides a very interesting look at the same film with the budget constraints, but the story is not his and South Pink does not fly. And how ends up with the music and the psychedelic colors? Groovy people!
