A vessel returns from March; About a couple of months earlier, a 4-man expedition was sent to the Red Planet. Most of the picture is a flashback of what's being overlooked. The picture is sealed by the inanimate, melodramatic dialogue, typical of many sci-fi efforts of fifty soldiers and sixties. Note, for example, how the commander of the ship (Mohr) says another crew member for 'staying' for no reason; as if moving to another place inside the boat will cause a problem. And the commander ordered two of the crew to stay in the boat while he and another went out. The two he ordered to stay said 'no way' and follow out; I did not have high hopes for the success of the expedition at this point. There's a lot to talk about 'ear restraint' and embracing a freeze-rifle weapon called 'Cleo' (short for Cleopatra, of course). It would at least be very funny, involuntarily, if the story did not drag. <br /> There is a very slow speed of the whole thing; The astronauts spend a lot of time out the pirate window portals (which change color from the blue), commenting on what they see, as they are outdoors actually exploring. The martial arts, published as filmed in 'Cinemagic,' usually resembles animation cut-outs, or drawing, shot in an orange-red filter gives the illusion of interacting with the actors, who take on an odd surrealism appearance due to process. But I do not think it crazy anyone over 10 years old. The clever mens held notice was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tinged with unreality, so that would explain the real nature of the martian vista. Oh, okay ... <br /> <br /> I've been amused by some of the astronauts as they start exploring; right off the bat, test the freeze weapons on a plant, kill it, just for the hell of it. Then the female hack members and a machete in what she thinks is a tree, but turns out to be the leg of the spider-rats monster. Nice to go, ladies. See next time. No wonder 'intelligence' on Mars gets mad and does not mind which one of the lower lives, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. Acting is not too impressive. Mohr specifically, there was a very annoying technique, saying a line and then abruptly erupting into a big grin that always strengthened me out - remind me of It! The Horror From Space. The end is fairly anti-climactic; Do not expect any great revelations beyond 'no more expeditions' and freeze guns called Cleo.
