60 minutes from the beautiful Christina Galbo trying to escape from the isolated commercial school she brought to the beginning of the movie. Does it run out of some kind of too horrible fate, a monster, black-grated killer, or evil supernatural? No, he runs out of a bunch of bullies. For the remaining 40 minutes, the various market figures in the candlelit school keep dark and searching fear or embarrassment, which does not mean much to themselves maybe because big movies are made about just that, but if you're going to There are characters walking around corridor and staircase best to have Alain Resnais or better know how to light the stairs of red bright apples and purples like Mario Bava. We know that a killer spreads the perimeters of the school, but his body is saddened and sparse and in the absence of the visceral horrors one is expected to get into the giallo, we do not find any sense of mysterious mysteries / secretive festering behind a facade in order with mercy and aptitude is that kind of movie La Residencia wants to do but does not quite know how to do it. We know something is off because the girls report missing but we never get to the mysterious mysterious atmosphere that says "something is seriously wrong-fated here, people." When Serrador tries to comment on the repression of sexual female students, it does with rapid-cut hysterics and eye detailing and separating mouth while high up "this-shocking" music campaign in the background. None of the aerial beauty and desire to see PICNIC AT HANGING ROCK can be found here. It's all a bit clumsy with comma, with no real sense of urgency or direction. A number of people are presented as suspicious but have little reason to care for the identity of an assassin who goes unnoticed by the characters inside the movie. I like the first to kill, the image of a hit knocking target superimposed on the bothered face of the victim as a lullaby hatch in the background, but the rest is too inconvenient for my taste. I had to tell Serrador to do better with the children killed and paranoia of the sunset in KYONE can kill a child?
