Practically only the other actor might be less likely to play Evel Kievyal than Hamilton is Anthony Perkins, but somehow Hamilton managed to turn into a reasonably effective painter (and as a producer of the movie he could not have been shot or say it was not good for the party!) The early life of the daredevil motorcyclist is narrated here in multiple recaptures. The film opens with a rather humorous prologue and Hamilton in his white-leather, star-spangled gear spouting the world according to Kievye as if they say, "Do not worry. This movie is about my youth, but I'll go back to suit unfamiliar suits I'm at the end of the picture. "Hamilton is preparing for a big jump, but is still defeating her wounds from the previous one as devoted to Lions' wife both to support and deride her. He recalls various vines from his childhood and young delinquent years along with his early days as a cascade rider and celebrity bliss. This flip-flop approach is very abrupt and sometimes disjointed, but it prevents the movie from sticking to one of its expensive sets for too long a time or out of getting into a rut and the pedestrian fair characters . Hamilton, usually a suave and debonair character, does a great job in adopting the small details of his subject matter and attitude including his walk. Her hair is a lighter and shorter and hard work to give the right influences in her talk. (It even pays tribute to many minors in many injuries at the Knieval appearing in a skimpy towel while its shoulders are covered by "brand" from the multitudinous crashes.) Facial, it seems nothing like the real cyclist, but he suggests her to her physical performance. Lions are excellent in playing the girl he likes and then the most miserable of the world, though 3-pack it a day threatening to give it away at any given moment. He and Hamilton strike up an easy chemistry that goes a long way in putting the movie on. Other beautiful dresses supported by Freeman as her jaded physician, Cameron as an early influence and Taylor as a Barker Fleo-Bitten sideshow. The movie was made on a low budget, but the story is a rather low rent anyway, so that does not affect it too badly. Musicians are wisely using current butte, Montana where they provide films in a suitable small city environment. Several of Hamilton's antique are fun, though the character is certainly reckless and inconvenient to others's property! Some of the real real rider and failed stunts are included in some stubborn feet, one of which features an idea-boggling "splatter" in which the man is rolling up and breaking around like a ragged doll. Then Hamilton's wife (Stewart) appeared briefly as a nurse.
