Well, you might not actually see any woman in love in this movie, but you will certainly hear women weeping about love, and people talk about love, and women talk about men, and men talk about women, and men are talking about people, and everyone talking about death, and talk, and talk, until you yourself will want to cry and do something that does not require any talk, such as painting your bedroom or water your plants. Welcome to the world of DH Lawrence, where psycho-babble reigns supreme, and where no one can get down to live a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive life them. Spend time with the characters in a D.H. Roman Lawrence is like being locked in a closet with a group of self-absorbed friends who would run away if you met them at a party. When I read "Women in Love," I was desperately wanted to strangle every single character into it, but since I could not, I hoped they would at least strangle with each other. Alas, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and I will not spoil it so you do not say that one, in case you actually give a curse on this story or any of these people. To give Ken Russell's director about it, he makes this version read as fun as it is possible to make this novel essentially unfilmable. It throws out the psychological mumbo-jumbo psychologist that Lawrence worships, and focuses on all of the naughty parties, so we get lots of lovistaking histrionic in beds and fields, buck naked people wrestling by firelight, with one scene Naked featuring Alan Bates (yup, buck naked yet) roaming around in a desert to love bushes and grass (not kidding). Glenda Jackson won an Oscar for her performance as Gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters in focusing the story, and she certainly tries harder to do something with this material; Anybody would deserve an Oscar simply to bring Russell's decision to a scene where he danced wildly in front of a mystified-looking creature. Oliver Reed has only one expression, an intense dancer. The whole thing is over-written and over-directed, and it is deliriously campy. Indeed, this vies with "Mommie Dearest" as maybe the unintentionally hysteric film I've ever seen.
