"Prom Night" is a title-only rumor of the 1980 slasher block that starred Jamie Lee Curtis and Leslie Nielsen. This film takes place in a city of Oregon, where Donna (Brittany Snow) is about to go to its former bullets and let itself have some fun after going to some traumatic events over the past few years. She and her friends reach the bullet, taking place in a grand hotel, and try and enjoy what is supposed to be the most fun night of life. Little does anyone know, a man in the past Donna, who hated him for years, is also in the bullet ... and wants to kill anyone in ways for his pursuit of it. I'm a fan of the "Prom Night", so I tried to keep a little hope in this film, but I must admit I was quite disappointed. "Prom Night" suffers from the worst troubles a horror movie could have, and that is predictability. There is absolutely no surprise here, and I felt I've seen everything in this movie doing dozens of times, often better, before. What is this equal to the hearing? Anniversary. Unless you've never seen any horror movies, or are part of the pre-teens mob, but the majority of the audience will most likely be able to guess almost everything that will happen. The draw is simplistic, but the whole script is to cancel any kind of surprise, twist, atmosphere, or anything, and that's really, really hurts the movie because it never really gives the audience anything to sink the teeth. It all just seemed very bland. A lot of people seem to complain and the fact that this is a PG-13 slasher movie as well, and I understand what they're saying, but I do not think it's impossible to make a good slasher movie with minimal gore. Take the "Halloween" Carpenter for example - little there is no screen violence, but still a very hideous and efficient film. You do not have to worry about making a movie scary, but even "Prom Night" was freely violent (which it is not, it is very humorous), it still would have added little to the movie because there are not many of the script Build on to begin with. The tension and suspension here is too much at the best, and I spent most of the film that predicts the outcome of the situation, and was correct about 99% of the time. Our characters do not quite write enough either for the hearing to make any connection to them, and not-to-numbers are routine and negligence. <br /> I'll point out a few things I did on this movie, though, because it was not completely useless - the cinematography is really nice, and everything was beautifully filmed and fairly stylish . Among the "jumps" pair (which for the most predictable part), there were a few types of smart. The compositions for the movie are pretty over and the hotel is a clean place for the plot to unfold, however predictable unfolding can be. As for the act, it's the best mediocre. Snow Brittany plays the decent lead, but really the rest of the cast does not show much talent. Johnathan Schaech plays the villain, and is probably the most experienced scene here, but even it is not impressive. However, I did as the character he played, which was a nice change from the typical 'mask-stalker killer' as we see so much. As far as the finish goes, the last fifteen minutes of the movie were bored at the end of my eight and it was very anti-climatic. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Prom Night" was a disappointment. Everything was very by-number, routine, and predictable, which is a bit troubling considering this was the potential to be a decent movie slasher. There was a little time to clean, but the movie was lacking any suspense or atmosphere, and it had little design draws or credible characters. I would advise seasoned horror fans to save their money and wait until it comes out on video, or rent the original instead, because there is absolutely no surprises here. Some may find a little entertainment in it, but it was far too predictable for my taste. I hope better, and leave the theater very disappointed. 3/10.
