I almost fooled myself when I went to the start of this review by saying "This movie reminded me of BILLY ELLIOT" but then I looked at the summary of Lee Hall Hallist only to find out that he was the guy who wrote BILLY ELLIOT so it's Hall Hall that's making a fool in itself by me <br /> <br /> Was I a little cruel about it? No because Lee has something that most other screenshots from Britain do not have - He has his foot to the door, he has already written a British film success that won awards and making money at the box office with which what does he do next? It gives the audience more of the same <br /> Young Jimmy Spud lives on some coins of real estate. It is intimidated by the school and no one likes it. The only thing to keep it going is that it has aspiration to be a ballet dancer. No actually has it aspiration to be an angel, but considering his home it may as well be a dancer ballet. She has a macheteer of a father who thinks "Ballet dancers are a bunch of poofs while her grandfather says" ballet dancers are as difficult as anyone you might encounter. I remember seeing the Bolshoi ballet ... "Yup Ballet is a primary point of talking about a British downpour on their real estate - these days - Not to come up with the idea that he does not leave any political wing that seems to be the only preserve middle class makes good people who live in beautiful big houses, so right away everything about this set up feels ridiculous fake. <br /> <br /> Another great criticism is that this is a movie that has no signs of it try to appeal Critical Channel 4 for broadcast movies at totally inappropriate times (countries that are passionate at 6 am for example) but have shown this at 2 am and for once they got it spot on .. Considering The story involves politics, ballet dancing (Gawd I hate it) lung cancer and poverty there is no way that can be deemed appropriate for a family hearing but since the main protagonist is a 11 year old child with features of angel and ballet Dancer (Do not blame me if I seem obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer the rates) by g very much here for an intelligent adult audience either. <br /> <br /> Of course if Lee Hall said at the script's development stage by the producers that he should write a story featuring a schoolboy and an angel and he refused to say he wanted to write about other themes and stories then I will ask forgiveness, but in all of the film you get the feeling once the movie has completed it will be marketed in the exact same audience that enjoyed BILLY ELLIOT
