Years after the fall of the last of the big corporations, the world fell to a new dark black where cyborgs are harvested for parties. Cash, a female cyborg, travels to a wasteland doctor to receive news that she is pregnant. On the run from Recyclers (bounty hunter who target the Cyborg), Cash tries to find its way to Cytown, the mythical refuge for Cyborg. <br /> <br /> "Siborg 3: The Recycler" is the third far) enter trilogy in CYBORG. The first movie was originally planned to be an end to MASTERS at the university, but it was quickly rewritten in a post-apocalyptic martial arts-art standard that became something of a classic class due to its cheesy stock session. CYBORG 2: GLASS SHADOW was a sequel that actually improved on its predecessor, but it was not widely seen (and was dismissed by those who saw it as cheap fodder). This movie, for one thing, tried to be a good two of the first two films (the first one had a movie action cheese while the second was a smart Cyberpunk story) but unfortunately fell short on both counts. The budget was obviously lower than CYBORG 2, and the film was placed in the desert desert (like many post-apocalyptic films in the 90s), injections of old industrial buildings preserved expenses. The film's film film on a tracing device, that of a pregnant cyborg, is as interesting as it absurd (this film is not the first to try this idea; the set of OVA armiade III uses it to a greater extent ). But the film fell into the same trap that many-budget Sci-Fi movie stocks fell victim to, in the fact that the snags (synthetic organisms) featured nothing more than Android. The visual effects of the amount are nothing more than prostatic arms and makeup effects. The actor is very standard for this type of film, and the lead actress (Khrystyne Haje) has been the only worst performer on display. Instead of being happy with the news she is pregnant, she acts all whiny & melee. Its co-stars are best, Malcolm McDowell being the kind of usual gangster that enlivens the scenes she looks at & Richard Lynch has a lot of fun as the great villain. In particular note is Andre Byniarski, playing Lynch's hand but who later appeared in the Texas CHAINSAW MASSACRE renewal & its prequel.
