You can say a Lew Class production a thousand cuts ?? clear British style; season of conception; people by international all-stars; usually put in exotic climate. It's a formula that classes and ITC companies employ throughout the 70s in the early 80s, causing titles such as the Eagle Landed, Firepower, and the Titanic to increase! In 1977 the Class has been producing March or Die, a legally-old-fashioned old-fashioned adventure that model all the features mentioned above. Led by Richards' Successful Successes ?? who accepts my acclaimed Lovely Lovely just a couple of years earlier - March Or dying is an unfortunate disappointment. <br /> A company of foreign legions led by Pepper General General Foster (Gene Hackman) sent to Morocco shortly after World War I. The missions are protected by an archaeological part before dedicating Francois Marneau (Max From Sydow). Archaeologists are carrying out an excavation of the ancient city of Erfoud, but fear an attack from Arab tribes after the descent of an earlier archaeological group. Foster is not happy with the placement ?? It does not consider historical artifacts worthy of life. This creates continuous tension between himself and Marneau, who believes that the legions should offer their livestock to make the search possible. The problems increased when a beautiful woman named Simone Picard (Catherine Deneuve) tags along with the legionnaires. He hopes to find out what happened to his father, a historian kidnapped by the Arabs by wiping out the first archaeological team. His presence aroused desire amongst the legions, no more than stealing Gypsy Marco Segrain (Terence Hill), a good and courageous rogue who initially showed indifference towards his legionary colleagues but gradually grew high. The bigger things and a great fight in Erfoud, and the Swarms of the united Arab tribes are charged against the handfuls of the legends as they desperately try to defend their lives. On paper duo of Gene Hackman and Terence Hill looks like a mishandling? Hackman is the heavyweight Oscar-winning actor's character, beautiful Hill, but limited to heart-vibrant Italians in many Western bronze budgets. One hopes Hackman to act his counterpart on the screen. But bizarre, it is Hackman that gives performance to weak and uninvolving, while Hill raises its game to high surprise levels. The film is attractively injected aside, but the rhythm is awfully slow and some of the characters are worth caring for. Maurice Jarre's music is terrific too much ?? Very irritating from the guy who gave us the Lawrence of Arabia notes. It is remarkable that anyone who was nervous to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type of 70s (it was a genre that some of the 30s, and were all but forgotten during the decades to intervene). Unfortunately, the player does not really pay? This tribute to the legionnaire cops in old becomes more of a pod than a march.
