It's curious that the stars of meeting people were a pair of movie stars that came into the new medium of television and became even greater success and that both entered the end production of these things and enjoyed status tycoon on the small screen. Lucille Ball however was not a big star, that would come with television. As Dick Powell desperately wanted out of film such as meeting people and delivering his career he would come to his next movie. <br /> I think the only reason that Dick Powell made the movie was because a young player from MGM was cast into a specialty number and he saw him at the time. His private time and Jen Allyson were far better than what we saw on the screen. Powell looks boring and can not call any kind of emotion at all. <br /> It was probably tired of making these musical and comic cemetery, the kind it ran from Warner Brothers from. The original show Meet the people was not a book show, it was a revue and run in the 1940-41 season on Broadway for 160 performances. When MGM bought it, they treated everything, but the title and the title song. The rest of the score was patched out of various and various songs, none of the songs are memorable. Odd when you consider some of the source material is from Burton Lane, E.Y. Harburg, Harold Arlen, and Rodgers & Hart. These guys just had to pour power over material. The plot is sillier than even most of the music propaganda pieces of the time. Powell is the writer in a revue called People Meet and she is a shipyard worker with a lottery date and movie Lucille Ball. He is interested, interested, they are both interested in the revue, but creative differences keep them apart from the course until the final. This is the movie in a Nutshell. MGM gave Powell and Ball some good musical acts that are the main reasons for watching people meet. Large bands of Vaughn Monroe and Spike Jones are here and the highlight of the movie for me is Bert Lahr dressed in commodore's costume as Lou Costello has been in the sequel to the dream of the navy. The Heave Song was written by Arlen and Harburg who wrote for Lahr, the Courage War from the Oz Wizard. And as just about everyone in the world has seen that movie, you have an idea of ​​Heave Ho is like. <br /> The next movie Dick Powell was killing my sweetness in which he finally offered a not so fond of music adieu. And Lucy would have to wait for TV before the world came to see what he really was able to do.
