"New Best Friend" is another entry of "submarine's other" submissive; The best of which is "Single White Women" and "The Hand That The Cradle Stone"; The worst in which you can catch almost any afternoon on the Lifetime Channel. For some reason this type of identity theft happens only with women. <br /> There are only two basic ways to play this type of story. You can make the wrong woman at the start and let the audience look at knowledge as she wears and applies her evil plot. Or you use misdirection to make it appear to be a good person, as a seemingly unpleasant series of events breaks in his favor until it is revealed to be wrong in the climatic scene. Unfortunately the musicians of "New Best Friends" could not decide how they wanted to play it with the crashing things and early. We first meet Alicia (Mia Kirshner) scamming the College's financial aid for scholarship funds. We now know that he is a bad person and will see all his subsequent activities and suspicions. But the director and editor apparently forgot that this revelation was made and over the next 50 minutes misdirecting made Alicia feel good. This introduces the only element of suspense, not about whether it is wrong, but over when the director and editor will wake up and stop wasting our time with transparent misdirection. <br /> <br /> "New best friends" suffer much more than most of the teen movie curses in a too old cast to showcase undergraduate students. There are really only two great parties, Hadley (Meredith Monroe) and Alicia (Kirshner). They were 31 and 26 respectively at the time of production. She almost worked for Kirshner in 26 years old when she plays the mourning version of Alicia but she gets blatant when she is transformed into the slide-up version of Alicia. Monroe's casting is merely a joke, like Nicholette Sheridan trying to pass as a "Lizzie McGwire" classmate. It looks much closer to a mid-life crisis than in a theme paper. Producers must have been a lot of favors because this age problem extends to most of the characters supported. Hacking Diggs that play the city's sheriff is less than most of the students. The basic composition is that Hadley and other other rich girls (played by Dominique Swain age 21 and Rachel True Age 35) are college undergraduate college. They share (like student residences) a most beautiful and best furnished castle than the mansion on Real World-New Orleans (a more credible site than mother-to-play football). Alicia moves into the castle and begins to take over Hadley's life. At least so Swain finally gets a roommate from his own generation so the two can have a lesbian scene. Swain's performing performance is just the right thing about "New Best Friends" and his love scene with Kirshner is fantastic, so cool and artsy that it does not fit with any of the other segments, maybe it has been subcontracted from a good director and Cinematographer. <br /> The story is involuntary hilarious featuring a series of sad flashbacks of rampant sex and non-partial parties, each proceeding by a shot into a Alice Komatose in a hospital bed. Approximately half the time Kirshner's screen is spent lying on a tube in her mouth. Not a good career move Mia. <br /> Then again, what do I know? I'm only a kid.
