Geez, another movie movie, but once again is not exactly the worst film in the world, but far from the best. I think the main problem is that it's very clear that it is responsible, and it's generally justifiable predictable. Worse yet, some of the flashbacks ended up being confusing, and the viewer left asking, "Well, how much should I care?" One thing I liked is that the movie goes to show you that it's never that simple as "the good guys are good and the bad guys are bad", and sometimes it is wrong vs. evil rather than good against evil. Hadley did not do what he did from a sense of justice, he did it because he considered himself the right to a job of being family, AND to eliminate the competition. As for Alicia, she simply proves that a victim is not always a good person. Some of them really do "come", though "it" was a painful, terrible death. The "burning bed" is a great example of this, but the difference is that the wrong man in the "burning bed" got exactly what he deserves. But did Alicia "have it come"? Some will say that he did, but others do not agree, and the law is generally not either. <br /> As for acting, it's a mixed bag. Some do a good job, such as Mia, but others just came across as indifferent to their role. They were mostly wooden or simply not convinced. The music was very cool though and some of the scenes are beautiful and steamy, especially if you like girls / girls action. This film is not serious at all, but gives its blatant weakness, the forces of background, unfortunately. <br /> I've heard rumors at an end, but given the years, I doubt it 'I'll happen. But I should not be surprised if an end suddenly appears. If Alicia is like Evil, compelling and terrible as people say, then I do not think it will think, "YAY! I got out of a coma Oh, Hadley was responsible? Oh! That's okay! I totally forgive her and you want the charges to fall! "There is no way Hadley would be imprisoned for long anyway, if he even did any time since no murders actually happened. <br /> <br /> Anyway, worth checking out at least once!
