In reviewing this film I can only go through my experience as a weekend warrior doing my core training in July, August, and September of 1971 in which landscaping grounds, Fort Polk, Louisiana. Taking the high ground was not anything like I remembering basic training. But there is one note at this time that Korean post had ended in a stalemate, but it was a conventional war as we knew them. It was not Vietnam, a jungle forest jungle where we kept pouring drawer into an endless pit. The draft at that time was an unwelcome, but accepted as always necessary for the defense of the country. Richard Widmark is a veteran in Korea now assigning the state to train troops to go abroad. The film is about one of its training sugars and guys in the platoon he has to train. They are the usual type you would get in just about any movie war from the previous decade. <br /> One thing I'll praise Praising the high ground for the fact that MGM acknowledges our army was now an integral one and the presence of William Danger as a black recruiting on the platoon. It was in keeping with the mind of the times that had changed. But I'm going to say that a recruit like Russ Tamblyn could cure her clever mouth from one day. Richard Widmark would not risk death or he was a grief to be able to give Jerome Courtland confidence with a gun. And no way would have been to worry much about Robert Arthur Desert. He just left the MPs to deal with him. In the course of shooting in and around Fort Bliss and El Paso, Texas has given the Ground High good authenticity. But see it as a host recruitment movie and you can certainly understand why the government is so hastily giving cooperation back to the day. <br /> I remember the exercising agents have little controversy that you could pick up on when you were not worried about getting your case for something that was 95% of the time. But there is no way that Karl Malden would have sluggish Widmark out of the open during training in front of several witnesses among the recruits. Both would have realized that there would be weakening authority, something the military just did not let happen. <br /> I wish I could have said something better about taking the Ground high because I certainly like throwing his talent, it's talented director Richard Brooks, the same funny theme by Dimitri Tiomkin and Ned Washington, fresh from Oscar is a year before High Midi. The film actually got an Oscar nomination for Best Screenplay and Story by Millard Kaufman. It must have been for vivid imagination Kaufman.
