We see a girl dead body of a mog and the koronè trying to close the eyes of the girl, but whatever she tries they will not stay open. And we move in the future and we follow a group of ancient ex-friends who hide a terrible secret, but suddenly they start getting one by one in many ways grisly. Through the refusal we learn this terrible suicide of a timid girl who tried to be one of the groups, but was locked up by them because they searched up her past and found some strange events. So, does it come back from retaliation seeking the tomb? <br /> Oh what a great story and always spooky! Well, that's what I hope I could say. And 'hope' was as good as it got. This is a forgettable, so-so supersaturally naturally moaning movie that I actually watched before, but I went to think he was my first look. So in my surprise he hit me when I started picking up on certain things, but as I said it's quite a forgettable mix that he felt like a first look again. "Nightmares" is just another kind of field that adds a 'few' changes to the gruel .. Oh, please give me something that is a bit more cool .. It does not have to be entirely original but This is one formula and at times quite tired J-horror flicker. Even if it strings along the normal ghost story that involves you guys right a wrong looking, avenging chick spirit. <br /> But in spite of my negativity in it being the same old, same old story and jolts .. That's one kind of amusement when it was grisly and burst into some creepy visuals. Their deaths are clearly visible and bite with some originality. While the gloomy atmosphere is allergies the audience and lighting it nourishes. Scene involving the spirit of terrorizing one of the girls is one blood-curdling experience, but really when it's not trying your trauma. I found it rather coma induced and I thought about getting some close-eye. They might difficult, but it just did not go anywhere in any interest between these moments of shock. You can say that because the mystery is supposed to be really not much of one, the story is just merely flat and the characters are a bunch of independent centers that you do not really care about what's going on. The breakfast history should focus more on the mind than those of those bold characters with one compassionate group relationship. It just overplayed its card by becoming overly muddled and taking too long to get going that when it comes to the bigger it's just plain ludikrous. The haunting movie is a high point, though. The film looks fine, although it can be done without snazzy, the quick fire correction and the music note was a bit overbearing in playing up the mood. Their performance breaks a fine line, but Kimu Kim Kim is strong in the lead role. <br /> It's nothing new and it shamelessly steals ideas, but if you can watch past that it delivers some embarrassing emotions. Although, I found the touch of it rather lethargy, despite the odd effect of the thrill. A standard effort everywhere I guess, but it's still equally miserable.
