In a variant of Sholay, Ram Gopal Verma initiative in what may be called a sex territory where the blockbuster takes a new form. The Thakur goes sid.Mohanlal as the Narsimha police inspector whose relatives have died seeking regret Madrasi style. The agreement is totally the South Indian contrary to Thakur from the north. Training in the hands of Thakur by Gabbar also cut down to the fingers of Aag. So make the costs cut because there is no effort to hide but instead a long shoulder Kurta cover up for the cutters. Moreso at the climax where Thakur uses her legs and says "Tere Liye Few Hi hi hai" here Narsimha uses her fingers to fire a gun and kill the villain. Babban, the new avtar of Gabbar is also different. It's not from Bihar or UP. It is Bambaiya. Rebar's sad rebar is also in two installments this time and is much more submissive. Babban asks for Diwali instead of Holi and the romance Urmila replacement of Helen in Mehbooba. He also dances and enjoys dancing with Abhisheh who plays Jalal Agha in Mehbooba.Babban is more intelligent this time. She launched the apple and asked the question that made Isaac Newton discover the gravity law. Basement is more verbal than Ghungroo in Auto driver. Nisha Kothari can not play the auto driver and looks too artificial using words like 'entertain' and 'excessive' and abandoned gay. Viru was fun While Ajag Devgun is a misfit for the role. God speaks to the Basanti incident and the lessons they shoot with the Haseen Koi song and the tanks of the water are painful. The water tank returned to a good and drunk Devgun is so bad in the sequence that the audience wants him to commit suicide. Jai was composed of severe. Prashant Raj is better than others because he does not expect anything from him. But it was also insect on the Mausi sequence. It is not as romantic as Jai and mouth organs. Jaya role played by Sushmita career change. A younger housewife gets to a doctor this time would plunge into full-service social services after her husband dies. It is too painful that Jaya has appeared. His flirtations and Jai are more open this time. Samba has become a major role this time as Tambe. He does not have the point of guns and answers questions in Gabbar this time. She is following Babban wherever she goes and she is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the pig. Pathways give way to jeeps and cars. Gabbar's cache here holds change and Ramgarh becomes Caliganj. All in all it is more of a parody than anything else. RGV comes with its own interpretation of the classic. But we remember the original so well after three decades that our minds refused to accept stylized versions and changing dialogues. So we call it a parody. So Mr.RGV (Sholay) and Farhan Akhtar (Don) and JPDutta (Umrao giving) stop remixing and start doing their original.
