Sholay: Considered to be one of the greatest films. I always wonder if they would ever notice that the classic was. That was the time RGV announced this movie and I was somewhat excited to see it. I always think that maybe this will be a good movie, but every week we would here RGV change something. And the film is a very B-Class movie, something that I did not expect. <br /> I really tried looking for positives, but I promised to keep Sholay out of my mind. The camera is awesome. The film is trying for its own. But that's the side up. The sequence of actions is weak. Simply had potential. The biggest flaw is correction. None of the scenes motivate you. For example, the comedy sequences felt very out of place and forced. Ironic because comedy was just as fun in the original. And none of the characters are developing. And no scene will be delayed until the end. And the finish was very disappointing. The biggest question to act. Amitabh Bachchan was good as Gabbar Singh, nothing big. It seemed as if to focus too much on his look, which the character only seems ominous, but you do not get to slamming out. Mohanlal is barely in the movie, but he's impressed by his few scenes. Ajag Devgan was decent. It was not a lot of performance, he gave it all to him, the weak script was. Prashant Raj is very confident, and has the potential to make it far and better movies. <br /> I had most expectations for Sushmita Saint, who was probably the best of the lot. It was expressive, but this still was not enough. Nisha Kothari surprised me. She seemed disinterested for the most part, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was quite good. Looks like he needs to find a director who will help his talent, does not seem to be nice. But what shame I was most chemistry. Ajay Devgan and Prashant Raj did not seem to be friends. Ajay-Nisha was not a strong couple. No passion was found between Sushmita and Prashant. And Amitabh and Mohanlal did not passion to the lovers they needed. <br /> <br /> As for songs, they are pretty much sucked. Mehmed the Urmila was too blocked and I pretty much shed at it. It was, however, nicely dancing. The Holi number was enjoyable, but not memorable. Even went for the other songs. For someone who looked forward to this movie, I was heavily disappointed. I had high hopes for RGV because of his jungle but looks like he lost his talent during the shooting of this movie. But hopefully he regained his talent for Sarkar Raj. But this movie is best forgotten. All the positives still do not make up for her boring film.
