All performance: - At last AAG is waiting for the screens. Unfortunately, he could not set fire progressive to the audience. The first thing best to talk about the movie is the idea to tackle the warrior SHOLAY. And Varma has made a good choice in changing the total series of films. If he repeats the same Ramghad series, people will again say nothing new to that. Different backgrounds are appreciated, but the way it is presented is not worth it. Right from the start of his career with SIVA in Telugu, he has used the same lighting and background type. I seriously duno this guy Varma considering on lighting or not or it may have no other technical lighting other than gordon willis GODFATHER. It's all DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH DUTCH. Why would some body use many Dutch angles and extreme controlled vaccine !!!!!!! The shotgun division is lame. Characters could not bring an emotion, their performance by the brands, Storytelling is worse, Background is really really awful. <br /> <br /> Babban: - Amitabhz was on the priority of her job. VARMA produces great villains such as Bikumatre, Bhavtakur Das, Mallik Bhai but this time it has failed to spot ever the best character of the Cinema cinema. No comparison Gabbar and Babban. Babban is a more psycho rather than a cruel, still has a soft corner for her brother (It's a gift in this movie). Amitabhz performance is not its brand. Appearance itself is pathetic. The mark on his nose, symbolizes the bandits of black and white movies. What ever worked on Babban is not successful. Babban has no comparison with Gabbar. <br /> Narsimha: - The first thing best about this character is not to put audience in suspense on his hand. If Varma did so, it would be like teaching ABCD at an undergraduate degree holder. It's good to have opened the secret early. But the flashback is pathetic. Varma could not use a great actor like Mohanlal in his brand. <br /> Durga: - The only character and improvement. This character has been improved and satisfactory changes and are used according to the story. Hero, Rage, Ghunguroo: - No leather bell or at least consider these characters. The utter chess of films begins when director could not work on the locked friendship between our heroes. These characters carry nothing to this movie. <br /> <br /> RAMGOPALVARMA: - Its quality is degraded, decreased. AAG fully can be treated as a C grade film. Sholay is a fire of revenge, problem in a city, meaning for true friendship and highly appreciated nuisance and pleasure by Dharmendra. AAG never carries an emotion with its characters. History is too weak that it could not make hearings feel sympathy for their characters. By comparing AAG with sholay, always u will not like it. <br /> <br /> If you dare watch this movie. You will be burning alive in RAMAGAL VARMA WHO AAG
