Agree. So I just returned. Before I start my review, let me tell you one thing: I wanted to like this movie. I know I was negative in the past, but I was hoping to be surprised and actually out filming the film. I did not. <br /> It's not just the fact that every cliché horror imaginable is in this. And not just the fact that they do everything little of a scary jumping (walk in a baseball bat left on the floor? Do you kidding me?). She just did not fear. One thing I was surprised about: there was more blood than I thought he was going to do .. that does not mean much. <br /> <br /> The movie starts off with Donna being dropped by Lisa's mom in her home. He comes in .. go upstairs. His father's camera camera died on the couch. Spooky. He goes upstairs, where the aforementioned staged scene will pass. Get his brother on his bed, apparently dying (how can he say? He did not have a place of blood on it). Killer comes in, Donna hides under bed, dead mother. He ran out screaming for help. Killer behind him: "I did it for you." Cut into therapy session. This confuses a lot of people - everyone asked whether his family actually died or imagined it- and he mentioned how nightmares began to come back. Filler dialogue occurs. <br /> <br /> THey off of the chase is very quick. Some scenes of the salon are going to the hotel. Of course the killer is already there (for some reason, he escaped 3 days ago but the police / family was not informed until it is already there). More filler occurs. <br /> I will not go over on what's going on in the movie, because I do not want to spoil it too much. If you want to know who died, Horror_Fan has made a post about it already. But on the subjects of death: they were not that interesting. People in the theater are actually laughing loudly (an experience I've never had before in a horror movie, not even when a foreigner calls) for several of them. One particular: the boy boy guy who gives the most hilarious 'scary' face I've ever seen. The only death involving any blood was Lisa, and that was very rare. Its throat is slashed, blood (if you can even call it that-it's practically black) splatters on the curtain-stuff. Only the other blood was on Claire when we saw her body. Apparently, Fenton decided to seize him a few times after he had lowered her to death. For, okay? The movie was one of the most favorite I've ever seen. Let's See Here .. Binding-Ice-Curtain-BOOM! scene. Check. Twice, actually (you might say that they had difficulty). Mandatory back-up-in-killer. Check. There are also backing-up-the-scenes scenes, but you've all seen it. Oh, you say you want a bird-fly-away scare? Well, you got it! (Yes, they managed to incorporate one of those in here). And, of course, the scenes we have-have-security-over-all-exit-but-it-still-escape. Am I going I could. <br /> For anyone who says the characters were not stupid, are you kidding me? "Oh, though the massive alarm is ringing, literally saying PLEASE BUILDING, and 3 of my friends are missing, I'll go upstairs to get my wrap." These characters were some of the most flawed and stupid characters ever. The only likable character - Lisa - made one of the most stupid movements in the movie. "Oh, I just realized the psycho-teacher is here! I must let my strong companion behind the run by myself to warn him! Oh, shoot, the elevator is being slow? Guess I'll take the stairs and run at the construction site! "Ugh. At the end of the film, they all deserve to die. Only the death of anyone felt any remorse for being Donna's companion (I can not even remember his name - that's bad?), And at that time, the audience was utterly poured out of this scareless movie, clichéd. <br /> <You had some positives-the act was decent for the most part, and it was well-shot. But it's about it. <br /> I would give it a 1/5, and that's been generated. Just for the laughs (and believe me, the audience had a few), and Brittany Snow. <br /> Oh, and the reaction was bad. Very bad. People were kissing after the movie ended with buzz after that was very negative. Expect bad legs for this one.
