I can not come up with enough adequate words to describe the horror I felt in the movie watching Ramgopal Varma Ki Aag, the half-hearted attempt of the director to pay tribute to this classic Bollywood West, Sholay. The biggest problem with Varma's renewal is that it does not even try to make a credible film. Obviously in every single frame of this film Varma's heart is just not in it. What you see on screen is a bad joke at best, a gadget on the part of the cinema, and it's pain you see which little consideration it actually shows for a movie he claims he was a fan of his entire life. Seeing several bad films over the years, but I can not remember one that was like much of a torture sitting in as such one. Consider yourself very brave if you can survive the movie all because it tests your patience as some films have before.Varma can borrow to draw it and characters from the original movie, but its version is trite and hollow and not Have any of the mind and energy of Sholay. Ramgopal Varma That Aag is actually a mockery of that timeless germ because it turns out everything that the original film was not - way-over-the-top, too long-too-boring, and entirely mindless. Many-loving moments from Sholay are parody by Varma and for what you want to twist his neck. One of the most memorable scenes of Sholay in which Dharmendra as Veeru climbs up the watertank and threatens to jump down to his death to turn into this film and Ajay Devgan playing hero, pulling a pistol in his head threatening to shoot himself. How do you want it to pull the trigger and kill us all the agony. Not just Ramgopal Varma That Aag fail as a remake of Sholay, it's a very bad effort as a stand-alone movie. The background-damage note score sounds more like a tight container in the kitchen, and the camera-work alternates between dramatic and spinning head. Partners in this horrible crime in bringing ridiculous films to this screen are actually dead-like-movie actors in the movie. Sushmita Saint as the Widow widow takes both her role and the movie too seriously, punctuating her line with pauses, staring at camera for effect, and generally doing as her life depends on her. Mohanlal as Narsimha, struggling with his Hindi dialogue, she seems to embarrass him to deliver some of the stupid lines of her illustrious career. Newcomer Prashant Raj plays Jai-equivalent Raj has no chop actors to speak in and can not strum up any of the brooding intensity Amitabh Bachchan brought to the part of the original film.As heroes, the new-great Veeru, Ajay Devgan is entirely hopeless, failing miserably in his attempt at comedy. But the weaker film link, the easiest decision casting is Nisha Kothari as Ghunghroo, who steps into the shoes of Hema Malini as Basanti, the Ending Airhead from Sholay. Nisha Kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but possibly the worst actress in this whole world, he gives the word to bother a whole new meaning, and it makes you want to wipe your wrist every time it's about screen. Then, Amitabh Bachchan plays Babban Singh, Varma's Ramgopal version of the famous Hindi movie cinema Gabbar Singh. The only actor in this ensemble that recognizes the film on the top-tone and plays along accordingly, Bachchan builds a menacing character that is a treat to look. It was meant to be a wicked funny book that snarls and sneers with shoots and hams, and it does everything in good effect. But because he was trapped in such an enterprise, his performance does not really help to eliminate the movie in any way.One surprise here, I'm going with zero from ten and two thumbs down to Ramgopal Varma that Aag, it's a These painful movie-watching experiences would not be even an enemy. It's not like Varma was not occupying a previous remark. With Sarkar he gave us a clever, captivating take on the godfather, and he is a pity he made this shaving sholay from such a beloved classic. Ramgopal Varma That Aag is his worst career decision ever, it's also a dark spot on his resume it will be embarrassed forever. I suspect this movie will go down in movie history like Ramgopal Varma Ka Daag.
