A drama of its very core, "Anna" shows that genuine truths that all actors age, and sometimes fade away. Anna is a character that Americans believe she is safe at home, and she can do it wrong. but he refuses to do his work by faith. It's hard-to-render, optimistic, stubborn, and arrogant when it comes to life, but do not be afraid to let the other person, yet deliver them to a moment notice. Anna flip-flops between personality, making this ideal movie of an aging star, but not the audience's mind to look. "Anna" was praised for star Sally Kirkland, with her ability to find "grungy" for the role, but a month in 2008, "Anna" does not remain a staple in film culture. It is dating, dull, and formally chaotic. <br /> <br /> Director Yurek Bogayevicz has a hidden message of "Anna" on the lies in Czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but Kirkland refuses to let them lift her. Bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, using wooden frames to allow Kirkland stand out, and it is not afraid to reduce the surrounding characters so that when you walk away from the movie, it is your Kirkland remember . If not, this film did not fit well with me. From the opening of the first and deep into the second, "Anna" felt like a high school theater production. The characters were non-existent, there was no pre-story instructive, and there was no definition of time or place. There was Sally Kirkland, stubborn that she is better than other actresses to struggle for the same shape as she wants. Well he meets a friend, a young girl who also travels a long distance to get to America for the glitz and glamor, and two of them (in the span of 20 minutes) to build a friendship that could break all walls them. It is emotionally boring and incredible. Again, alas, we meet Anna Daniel's companion (played by Robert Robert Robert), who brings anything to the table in terms of definition or character ?? only to strengthen the attention of Anna Kirkland. Throughout the course of nearly two hours, we look as more random acts coupled with unknown characters interrupting the firm to create a story that is designed together by loose thread ?? and SALLY KIRKLAND. Arg, it's my pain continue to say this but "Anna" could be a fantastic movie Bogayevicz featured equality between Anna, Daniel and Krystina, but instead we are forced into a one-sided game where emotional scenes speak louder than draw. <br /> Is this where Charlize Theron finds inspiration for her beauty-less role in "Monster", or Halle Berry in the "Monster Ball"? Was Sally Kirkland one of the early actresses discovering that not leaving themselves for an Oscar character to shine in their direction? Throughout this film I was lousy by painting Kirkland in Anna, and Bogayevicz's lack of excitement for anything else that spoke. Bogayevicz gives us a Anna who does not work hard for her party, does not care for others, and is generally meant to roar? yet we must feel sympathy for her? Near the beginning of the film, he forces what he wants to do about others, and he gets mad when he does not find his way. Sure, my actress has the appeal, but Kirkland creates a much more childhood character instead of a mature one. This is where "Anna" could be improved. If this was a mature Kirkland, I would gobbled it up, but this Anna stammering child was impossible to believe. While my favorite scene was near the end where Anna goes to look at one of her older films playing (including absurd make-out character) and the burning movie, this scene is also one of my favorite youngest . Anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, creates films and builds the dream, but when anyone else wants to enter this document, she becomes jealous and outraged. This did not make for a character I wanted to stand behind or have Oscars. Completed with the classic 80s backgrounds, the outrageous over-the-top wardrobe, and finishing that move (where did what's out and what happened ??) ?? "Anna" slipped far into the scope of amazing movies. It was a show-piece, an opportunity for an aging star to call the world once again. In this one he worked, but I do not think I'm going to deceive again. <br /> In general, I can not say that I was impressed with this movie. "Anna" is not a movie about a movie stars star; it is about Sally Kirkland, and only Sally Kirkland. Bogayevicz tried to do more with the story, but failed either because Kirkland would not allow him or he just realized that there was not enough to support a full story. There are one or two decent scenes in this movie, but there is nothing that encourages this movie as innovative or influential. Bogayevicz did not create a character that audience would believe, worn, or dedicated a Sunday afternoon with ?? He created an inconvenience. Kirkland was not Anna, she was an actress playing it a bit late and crispy about those places. Maybe I'm missing the scope of this movie, but what makes this film is the cooperation of everyone involved. That was not the case here. In "Anna", Kirkland orders Daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and again during the emotional scene, I can not help but think what Kirkland was like as the person on the set. He did not do this in a movie, transforming it into his own production, and because of his "Anna" failed. I can not suggest this to anyone ?? from a Czech to another ?? jump it! <br /> <br /> Class: * ½ from ***** (for that theater theater scene that strengthens me out)
