Some of this redemption shows. One is that the theme melody has a decent melody. The show has a beautiful site. Also, I probably belong to the minority, but I love Wanda. I love the fact that she is taking care of, and is more of a Timmy mom's face. However, despite all of this, I do not like to show that, not excrement but I find it very annoying. I would not say it is the best animated show on planet Earth. When I use this theme for an anime animated TV, I think Peter Pan and the Pirates, I think Darkwing Duck, I think of Scooby Doo and I think of Talespin. And I hope I'm not the only one who really loves the wild Thornberrys and hates the fact it gets poked fun. Nor do I think that fairly odd Parents are the worst animated show on planet Earth. I accept it annoyingly, and in some ways overrated, but it is not the worst show on Nickolodean. This is the area of ​​chalk, God that shows is invincible. But the worst animated show I've ever seen is Shaggy and Scooby Doo: Find a clue, which is anime crude, unfunny and frankly a shame. <br /> One thing I do not like about this show is the animation. The characters, forgive me if I offended, have very strange facial features, and a lot of their origins are dull and lack the color that makes SquarePants Squarepants and Wild Thornberrys so beautiful to look at. The characters with the exception of Wanda I get very annoying. I can not believe as a talented voice actress like Tara Strong (aka Charendoff) voice. Timmy I do not get very likable as a lead character at all, it is annoying and sometimes patronizing, and it's a poor decision maker as well. And his voice came to my nerves. I actually love Strong, but not in this show. Another annoying character is cosmo, the supposedly funny character. Instead, its jokes as unfunny as they could become. They are either a) understanding, or b) about being familiar. Timmy's parents are terrible characters, who do not give an incense to their sons, and their personality is very thin .. The story lines are very independent on the most part, and I keep thinking, where I have seen it before. The episodes after the arrival of the baby I thought were invincible. Even worse, the scripts are very unfunny, childish, insecure and suffer from a complete lack of energy. <br /> <br /> All in all, not the worst show ever, but very poor for an animation fan, and fairly comfortable to sit in. 3/10-has a kind of redemption, and I fully understand if people love it. Bethany Cox
