I first started watching this show probably around the year in 2003 or 2004 with my friends. Of course, at the time I was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes on this show. I was 11 in 2003, and I'm 14 now (2007). Even though my age probably plays a major role in how I judge this show, after reviewing the other, I came to see that after the third quarter, this shows down the tubes. I agree. This show is reckless, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot. <br /> <br /> The show revolves around Timmy Turner, who was awarded two fairy tales because basically his life was terrible - his parents never around, and he had a nasty baby-sitter. The plot of the whole show is that this kid (Timmy) and her boyfriend always want some destruction that can not be prevented by making another wish, because something in the "Da Rules" says they can not. The show contains a lot of lines that keep being repeated, such as "magic can not break true love, super toilet" or even just some scummy jokes that Nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to put in episodes at various times. <br /> The show is aimed at children younger than 10, because it involves gross situations and "kid humor" most kids in the age I would not care for. Selection of voice characters could have been better too. Timmy has a very loud, shrill, feminine voice as Cosmo. Wanda sounds like an old lady. Timmy's father sounds like some ads or host game shows, Timmy's voiced voice exaggerated for feminine reserves. Attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, Timmy talks back to spoiled and snobbly acts. Wanda is apparently smart and wise. Cosmo is stupid, mute and incapable of thinking like Timmy's father. Timmy's mother seems to finish doing what Timmy's father did. <br /> <br /> The show too far thrown out of reality to get my fluid again. Maybe like a kid, I could see more of the humor in this show, but as I grow up, it's really growing old. And do not sound concede or "trashing" but the show has that mentality that makes you want to commit homicide activities towards their characters. A show like this just has to be your attitude, if you know what I mean. If not, it's basically your disgust.
