I can not stand this show! Has ever been even a good kind of loyalty, one funny punchline, or a line drawn that "did not" make the average viewer want to drown himself in a fantastic bowl bowl? <br /> <br /> <br /> Voice. Oh, terrible people, weak voices. Acne repeatedly drags a fine apricot series through a dirt table, each character is uniquely annoying in its or her ability to shrill, nasal chest. Cosmo sounds like a bright mongrel, Vicky sounds like a stereotype mosaic, and Timmy's father makes all sounds like a bad imitation of a host game show (Smiley Guy from "Sesame Street" comes to mind). The animation is terrible; even the producers of "Yu-Gi-Oh!" laugh at the artwork badly over this show. Each character has buckwheat teeth, or a square head, or a top three size too big for it or its body. And what's and have the characters speak every single wide-eyed line and irrigation, as if posing for a photo op and the president? Then there is the fact that every character on the show is completely morical. Not since the subtle favor of Amelia Bedelia, Homer Simpson, and Buddy Lembeck in the "Charlie Charles" fame have character described as unrealistically mute. Usually "unrealistic" is synonymous with "unfunny", and that is most definitely the case here. There was not this much slapstick based on cluelessness since the "Naked Gun 33 1/3" ... and at least Leslie Nielson was good at it. Finally, citing the show (and it's the same every single episode, so big time bogol alarms here): Timmy wants something with her "Computer fairly", something goes wrong, there in still some understandable reasons why it can not immediately reverse the course and want away the damage, and then everything turns out just fine to the end. Oh, and on a side note, Timmy's parents never believed him when he complained about Vicky, and continued his staff at every opportunity. Perhaps it's just me, but it seems to show a child with the subtle message that it's pretty much no good whatever to say about an abusive babysitter probably is not a great idea. <br /> If you are writing a paper and want to quote an example of just how the quality of cartoons falls, "fairly fair parents" must make a great place to start. A prime example of television producer sends together a worthless product aimed at children with little effort or not simply because they know that someone somewhere looks at it.
