When I first saw the trailer for Prom Night, I must admit, the trailer looked good and like this would be a fun horror movie. So my friends and I saw Prom night night night and I must say I must be growing because this was such a ridiculous film, not to mention I'm sick and tired of the typical movies horror movies and sounds well strong as an excuse for frightening. There was no tension, the characters, how should I care about them? They had no development that-so-ever, the killer? Oh, my God, this was probably the most stupid killer that ever existed, I know it's a movie, but why would a man never (or at least we know of) killing any one before, killing a The girl in the family and friends that she just obsessed about? I mean, he's going to kidnap him or he's going to kill him? I have no idea, because this movie makes no sense and is too predictable and insults true fans of horror. Donna's family was just brutally assassinated by his teacher, who became very obsessed with it, was captured and imprisoned. He was 3 years old and he's just now getting some peace in his life, he's even going to his old bullet. But the killer has escaped and still has Donna on his head, he follows it in his bullet which means bad news for his friends, with the hotel maid, and the boy's bell, because it is such a good idea Kill the maid and bell Boy so no one gets suspicious enough to check to see where these employees. Donna is in great trouble because all this clearly human bloodthirsty can apparently get into un-remake homes and can kill so silently, just, wow. <br /> I'm sorry, I really wanted to like this movie, we did not have a good flicker slasher in a long time, but this was just a stupid movie that I was not impressed with. Just situations were incredible and actors were obnoxious. I know that this was a PG-13 movie, but I just liked how someone was brutally stabbed to death and they only have just a little blood on their clothes? Not mentioned by pig holes? I would not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are a teen, this movie made for young people, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, there is no offense to those who Enjoy this movie, but I do not understand how one could. <br /> <br /> 2/10
