The "Horror" is one of my films still wanting to see only based on the image covered illustrated here on IMDb. Yes, that's what I am! I do not care if ten million people call it a crap movie, the poster looks awesome so I guess I'll just have to see it ?? Now the "hazing" can be somewhat described as its alternate title: curious! The poster and titles make it sound like a genuine horror movie set on campus and dealing with disaster initiatives, but this movie is actually more of a crossroads between comedy and comedy. First of all, there is something very wrong with the slogan on the old VHS box I look. She said she had good grades, a good girl and good friend? until they put him in the hymn ".. Not the case, actually protagonist Gilbert Lewis is finally accepted by an acclaimed campus in an athletic swimsuit. He takes over half the movie before we hear about his home home home and "friends" he had a very nerdy Charles Martin Smith (always with the hair of this movie.) Both of them are approaching to become members of the prestigious "Delts" fraternity, but during the wake-up tests in which they have come down a mountain that dressed in their own white challenge .. Barney fell on a cliff and broke his foot. When Lewis returned with the other frat boys, Barney was frozen in death already back from a weekend ski weekend. Barney's body hid in the cafeteria freezer, Lewis was covered for her for Barney's absence by looking suspicious. The Blem pro here is that the execution could easily have been a lot better. The tone is too fixed and too mild to a comedy movie, even a black, but on the other hand there is no suitable attempt to build suspension or emotion The soundtrack is happy and full of light-headed Melody, but that's almost not enough to make this movie a comedy. Around an hour in the movie, the plot also runs out of steam and ideas, and the musicians have no better alternative to fill up the blank and romantic compilation of Lewis and cars outside his girlfriend city in the country. I did not like the final twist, because it was quite plausible and because it did many times before and after (though admitted later). The "Brimad" is not a complete waste of time, but still I'm glad I found an old tape rental at a friend's house instead of having to spend any money on the recently released DVD.
