Poor acting, no script, no scheme, no convincing assassin, no suspense, no original setup, it uses the same closet / under the bed / man-behind-you-in-the-mirror tactic and so on to make it repetitive and boring, and NOT in a way predicted either, and the fact that NOTES "really" gets killed (at least not on screen), in turn zaps any suspension it can invoke right from it , and make everyone feel eager to spend money on their admission tickets .... read a horror movie w / o any LMAO horror. MOST you see that looks like someone who took a bottle of tomato sauce and sprayed it through a plastic sheet. <br /> You have to be a teenager who was sitting there screaming in the theater and your self-esteem was enjoying this, or you were high / drinking at the time. Honestly, I have a life and do not bother writing reviews that often unless I really really hate something, or enjoyed it very much .. <br /> But this movie is AWFUL and I feel There is a duty of kind warning not to give your money to Hollywood and encourage this kind of movie ever ever! <br /> It's one thing to rent a "bad" movie in blockbuster out of the Weinsteins, its another when you have to sit in it in a theater. <br /> Also, in case you want some nostalgia notice, forget it! This is NOT a remake, nor is it a re-imaginative. It's not scary, nor engaging, nor is it enough enough to be "funny" like others about IMDb being claimed ... it's just stale and booooring. <br /> Here's what you'll take away from this movie: remember the brand on top of the Brittany Snow which stands out more than the plot, the fact that Jonathan Schaech must have some sexual affair with JS Cardone in the "abandoned" They've got another role as a killer (because it is as scary like my poodle, and too cute to kill just about anyone) and that for some reason (duh) everyone who goes back to the hotel suite has never come back. What kind of people would not get worried at the bullet when they decided to announce the prospects for prom royal and queen and the competitive girl strongly somehow did not show up? This is my warning. DO NOT waste your money as I did. The "original" absorbs too much, but is more of a pleasure for fans of Jamie Lee Curtis, though there is no way as bad as this piece of crap (sorry or greedy sound, but once you see this, you will understand why I say what I say).
