The soloist has all the ingredients to impress the Academy. Its director, Joe Wright, has already authored a better photo candidate. The leading actor, Robert Downey Jr., starred in a film praised superhero. Finally, the movie itself is a drama. When it was mysteriously pulling out to release in late 2008, filmgoers and critics were baffled. Now that I've seen it, I assure you Universal did not just delay this movie to promote Iron Man-Oscar Buzz. The soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict that is inferior to any best 2009 prospects. <br /> <br /> Downey and co-stars Jamie Fox are not to blame for this bad one . Joe Wright is largely in fault, but he can not save a lifetime story. Many movies are too complex and greedy viewers. This one is very simple. It's a movie about a newspaper reporter, Steve Lopez (Downey), who befriends a homeless musician, Nathaniel Ayers (Jamie Fox). That's it. Ayers is schizophrenic and does not recall Lopez's traditional approach to friendship. Two become friends. They start this movie as friends and they are BFFs at its end. Tension consists of moments like this: Did Ayers let Lopez take him to the homeless shelter? This material has been best suited as a make-for-TV production rather than a feature film. <br /> <br /> Wright includes many scenes in the cheap humor mood lack of content. Lopez battle yard-defines the canoe in what I consider a sub-draw. Do you remember when it comes to the atonement or pride and prejudice? Those films are structured enough to allow an occasional joke but nothing is prolonged. Ayers' story is meat out when it does not need to be. Worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. It is a way of admitting that the main story brings little appealing. Nathaniel was a violin prodigy and a tremendous breakthrough (I was too). This is an attempt to create sympathy with Ayers when most of us already have it. It's a homeschooling schizophrenic! The film somewhat conveys the love of humanity for music, such as Amadeus and Beethoven Lives Upstairs. It's not as effective as either of these photos, however. The whole movie is about Ayers' Schizophrenia. It ultimately is how it interacts with everyone else. It was a musician is a nice but worthwhile handling feature. The film does not incorporate this feature completely into its character. Take music from Amadeus or Beethoven Lives upstairs, and no movie remains. The soloist is more about the overall friendship than music. Nathaniel could be a writer or movie critic and some lines of dialogue would have to seriously change. This is only Joe Wright's third movie, and his debut is not a romance staring Keira Knightley. Let's hope this film is not an indication of how to limit its capabilities. There is stylistic nods to work his earliest, but the soloist is much weaker than one of them. In his defense, Universal should not have agreed to broadly release this picture. This film looks tailor-made for Imaging Entertainment (Changeling Distributor). I should not be ashamed of it if it had a limited release. The poor performance of its box office can prevent the best drama distributed nationally.
