Prom Night is shooting with an eye-catching artist while wrapping the craft of an original movie forever. You know the one. This October, lifetime takes a break from the courageous story of a surviving woman (to name disease here) to tell the story a bit crap of a woman chased by a former companion stalker. It's dramatic ?? it's sappy ?? it's incredibly dull. It does nothing more a genre, tells an original story, or strives for any sort of newness. Prom Night action this combat. Watching the pitcher pits of his victims, we sit silently as they slump on the floor and not a drop of blood. It happened to me that this was the purest killer in film history. <br /> <br /> Our director is working with a good-looking killer for it is forced to pour over the camera angles to make him appear creepier. Think about Matthew McConaughey coming to you with a knife. You'd probably go ?? "Oh, good lookin guy who will kill me? Naaaa." Do not be afraid even for a second, so the director launches Shadow in the shade and on the shoulder in the mirror. This ice shot is repeated in the point of illness as it practically becomes a fetish to the creator. You will find 15 press jumps in this movie, 2 in which made my jump date (I might mention it is scary for everything). I would also mention it was decided to take a half of the sleep in the movie and at a point threatening to leave me. As if this film was not disjointed enough, it appears to be cut off by shreds. I'm not saying it looks like the key points were left on the floor room off as the crew climb up salvage some pretending to a horror movie; I say that the movie moves from stage to scene, you often find a jarring jump. This is the kind of thing you would expect when a movie captures fire and it is a projectionist to force them to end up together, cross their fingers, and hope for the better. The editor should shoot. <br /> With a plot you can pack in two phrases, one spray loses blood, an emo killer, and the tension of a very special episode of "Silver Spoons" You do not leave any reason to support horror this weekend ?? at least on the big screen. In fact, this is the movie sort that should be punished. Is it really that hard to make a scary film? Was this even known team made a horror movie ?? !! A complete waste on my time and for you. I bit the bullet to get you this review. Let not my offering be eaten for me. Do not go to the movie !!!
