Too many things a Borrowed Grade B- <br /> <br /> Super Bowl Sunday is one of the sweetest days in movie theater every year. Therefore, the studio film tends to avoid releasing the biggest movie budgets on the weekend. Each year a studio releases a movie counter-programming film (2001 in the "Wedding Planner") to compete with the great game. This weekend Super Bowl titled "Wedding Date" is trying to find success and attract spectators by watching the game. Malkou (Debra Messing, TV "Will and Grace") is staffing men Nickname Nick (Dermot Mulrony, "About Schmidt") to look like her, one-woman, Kat Ellis companion for her wedding in London . Her family gave her a hard time not married, and her senior at seven years, who threw her without a reason, is the best man. To make him jealous Kat parade Nick around his senior to make him see what he is missing. But finally Nick helps Kat realize that she can open up, and let someone love her. The movie borrows too much from similar wedding movies. It is almost a carbon copy of 1999's "Picture Perfect" and mixed in scene similar to "The Wedding Planner" and "My Best Friend's Wedding". The film also has a "beautiful girl" theme that will be for him, and knows his audience, the director makes smart references to that and other films. The Wedding Date has all the cliché elements of a typical wedding movie, having stereotypical moments overbearing (Holland Taylor, "legally blonde"), and practically plagiarizing wedding speech by family and friends dinner in marriage and repetition. The twist of the finish was done before, but it was something that was not completely expected. The real reason why four was cast as a surprise and change the film's direction for the last half hour. Even though the "wedding date" is predictable, it is able to stand on its own. Debra Messing, in his first lead role, proves he can be good and funny. Dermot Mulrony has great chemistry with Debra Messing, but most of her dialogue was too sharp and unrealistic. He is able to do better in what he has given, and to be able to save the character. <br /> <br /> Not the use of many smart puns (often sexual), the movie is actually funny. Although mostly a chick-flick movie has elements everyone can enjoy. Feel the good story, and humor to make it the best date movie released in a long time.
