When you put this DVD in your player and hit "play," you will experience a moment of silence and see a black screen as the laser is guided to the correct point starting at the center of the disc. THIS CHEAP. Make sure you have some Tylenol or something (preferably the PM so you can fall asleep), because you will have a massive headache once this movie starts. <br /> Start a bunch of big-breasts girls and with an opening that actually makes me chuckle a bit, I thought I should be in for a good time. Sure, the sequence of the opening was a little bit awkward and most of the jokes dropped flat and it seemed like this was going to be a Ripoff Call (by the way, my only chuckle came from final comment Julie Strain at this stage). But then I knew there was trouble ... the sequence of openings had a terrible rock song. During this terrible rock song, I watched the DVD DVD titles and saw things that said "TOPLESS in the tart!" and "better than sex!". I knew that the selling point in this movie was going to be. <br /> And that's the sad truth: ONLY the good thing about this movie is the attractive cast. Other than that, it is a routine movie movie that is thrust in a "innovative" concept of murder club, which ends up being fake anyway. So the whole movie then points in another direction to try to confuse with this great mystery, but it all just adds up to them by the exciting all and leaves you feel like you do not care for any of characters. I mean, when the main character of the movie is revealed to have murdered an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy towards her when she's scared for her life? Influence of screams is prevalent at all, with a ghost figure killer and some really terrible horrors. We also treat the scene of the main character talking to her mother and father (Lloyd Kaufman! Only other cool parts of the movie!) On an abortion or something. Uh. Yeah ... This is not a "so bad-it's-good movie", it's just bAD. Someone compares this to a trumpet movie, but ... you know, most any movie from Full Moon (or its offshoot, like this proven movie) is awful. NOT terrible in a Trum sense - I have seen many Trum films, and I can honestly say they all offer something, ANYTHING that you can walk away and tell your friends about later. However, this movie has pretty much anything at all enjoyable about it. Be cautious.
