Devin Hamilton is probably best known as the new name of legendary Moon entertainment legend. Unfortunately, his arrival in this independent studio happened at a time when budgets and production values ​​are at its lowest in those years. However, in his short Hamilton career established himself as a creative director who managed to make inventive and original stories. Now, this does not mean that its movies are good, but at least are different and the usual in the genre of terror. In his debut, "Bleeding", Hamilton presented us a creative twist on the sub slasher genre. Maddy (Debbie Rochon) is a young woman who finally gets the job of her dreams. Not only that but it seems that he also found a companion in Shaun (Danny Wolske), it seems that smiling lives finally for Maddy after many sad events. Until a party with Shaun's friends, they told him that a "club" was created where members killed a person. <br /> <br /> Obviously to play it joking, but Maddy wants to desperately to fit, that he actually kills a person. After this event, someone starts to kill the rest of the members of the "club" one by one. it is up to Maddy to figure out what will be about how anyone could be the killer, including him. <br /> <br /> Maddy is a very interesting character beautifully played by Debbie Rochon. It's a very interesting twist on the genre of the lead actress as part of the suspects. The concept is so original and Rochon's performance is so good that it is a real shame that Hamilton did not develop the whole story a little better. The film feels quite slow at times and in general the feeling is one of a good idea to waste on a bad movie. The rest of the cast is unusual in the sense that all the cast of women is very good, while the male cast is painfully malicious. Danny Wolske is very sticky and her performance as a yuppie is quite stereotyped. Julie Strain, Brinke Stevens & Lloyd Kaufman appear in small cameos and wonderful in their small role. Also, there are plenty of stripping (both men & women) and the cast is very good looking, so it is really a plus. The low budget hurts the film in the effects department, as there are very few fascinating scenes and they are not really graphic (probably because they would look bad); But considering the budget, the movie at least looks good. Hamilton's most recent efforts, the "Delta Delta Dead!" enterprise is a well-established and generalized film. While this one is not as bad as other best known films, it still has a lot of flaws and can be interesting only for fans of Debbie Rochon or fans of independent movie no-budget. 4/10
