So back when Herbie did his first appearance, I was perfectly happy watching Dean Jones away. I just want to be entertained for a few hours and eat extrapolate popcorn. Now, unfortunately, I have a fixed / delightful storytelling every time I watch a movie if I'm not on some sort of medication. And this is another good movie for the medication. There is no bigger laugh, no complex scheme line, no torsion hard. Herbie is fully charged is great for the fully loaded. <br /> This was the first time I saw the loan on the screen since it swapped places with Jamie Lee Curtis (I thought it was excellent at that), and I can not say I was terribly impressed this time around . Aside from it constantly changing and abnormally abnormally colored hair, it's just not true rings as the next kid's door that has passed a life hanging around road racers. It 'needed for speed' was not described yet in the movie - maybe it was elsewhere - it looks bigger than its part, and seemed to be looking for something (a party? Designer togs? New location to spend money?) Off set. I could not see any chemistry with Justin Long; That romance seemed to be the best binding. Only once Lindsay appeared to engage in having interacted with Matt Dillon, whom I thought was appropriate on the head as evil Bad Guy Trip Murphy. <br /> It was great to see Herbie again, and I liked intro movies and materials from the old movies. If Disney had popped out with some 53 jewelery cars, I might have torn some just to be loyal. Its new features (?) Was a little inconsistent (does it channel think its driver? It's now skateboard?), But that's all. We all knew how it was going to end, but I want it ended up with someone a little less duped than Maggie. And my head still hurt from that Maggie lesson and our viewers were laying home. <br /> What would make the movie refreshing? Make herbie the old one in a real story and a real plot - at least in many, Herbie's as good as Lassie - but clearly this is too much to ask. Why is it that Disney always goes back to the same as "Herbie Goes Banana" and "The Computer That Wear Tennis Sneakers" when it comes to innovation? <br /> I'm sure this was a great movie for kids and people with no expectations. For the rest of us ... it's for when you have 'the flu and just can not take the suspense from behind windows.
