One of the most common entries in the goofs category is anachronism. Even though I start to believe that anachronisms and other goofs are more acceptable, even ignoring, in very good films, but found front and center of rotten films. The KISSs for me are a rotten movie and anxieties of anachronism, but when watching it well, I've found almost nothing especially anaconically. <br /> <br /> The shots of airline that shipped the movie are certainly out of place. The great 4-way transportation seen after the title "Honolulu 1944" appears to be the war post C-97 Stratofreighter (in dull color). Combat aircraft to see you take from the insurance company at the end are Douglas Skyraiders who went into service after WW2 and made the most popular services in Vietnam. But except those pieces of film and, of course, their hairstyles, everything else is very possibly authentic. It just 'feels so wrong. I am a admirer of Stanley Donen, we share the same birthday. In his co-ruling on the field (1949) there is a car chased to the end and the Ford driver's 1949/50 drive again does not have the slightest feel that this is out of place in a WW2 period film. In fact, as I reflect later, there is nothing to say that this is supposed to be a WW2 period movie. It just feels so. Based on a Broadway musician musician based on a balloon (fancy free) which can be based on the work of artist Paul Cadmus (The Fleet of! 1934) it's a great movie about sailboat on a 24-hour pass to New York And, so heavy and war associations, it simply assumes it takes place during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell. <br /> <br /> The first problem is old Cary Grant. Although far too old to represent a pilot Navy SBD pilot diving, it is a Hollywood tradition for stars like Grant, Gary Cooper (Lou Gehrig), Jimmy Stewart (Charles Lindbergh) to play less. It was the role of which it is bad at its age. He plays an operator, as they were called. A guy who gets things done and breaks all the rules while doing it again admires and loves it. A hustler. A Wheeler dealer. A rigid character in a comedy service. Grant is the odd smell of what is after all supposed to be a comedy service that is contracted in his comedy style. <br /> <br /> Think back on the great funny Grant performances such as stir up baby (1938) or ARSENIC AND OLD LACE (1944) and it is great comedian reactor is to be reduced by his context from dignity of a puddle of inert gel. At KISS they are expected to be plugged into funny sparks that just is not him. People have already been exposed to the type, most recently comic Phil Silvers as Sgt. Bilko on TV. The role would be perfected later by James Garner but here Grant just is not funny and appears to be an intimidating getting his way by aggressively pushing Grantness to his Cary rather than kajoling and finessing. Really feel the place and anachronism is the lead women. There can be more women 50 women than Suzy Parker and Jayne Mansfield. They are unique in the next decade. Marilyn Monroe can put in a continuity with Carole Lombard and Marie Wilson with any number of blonde mute, and Grace Kelly was another high class Dame (think of Mari Astor), but could never have been an anatomically female exaggerated film such as Mansfield. Make sure the 'sweater girls' (like Lana Turner) at WW2, but Mansfield has expanded the point. Suzy Parker was the model that revolutionized the business model, which changed the mannequin as poses to become the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera (see FUNNY FACE (1957) by Stanley Donen) . <br /> Of course in style 50s high, there seems to be a lot of mixed sex in the parties of 'wildlife', but never even a hint of sex (think of 50s TV shows bachelor's dad or show at Bob Cummings location Thin men's men return from 'date' alone). The original book, which I did not read, was released during the war and appeared as a Broadway game at the end of the war and the nuances of the situation had to be inevitable for contemporary and audience readers, but to break, bowdlerized and rebuild a dozen years Later and fatigue, it remains a once forgotten career on exemplary career until the invention of the VCR and TV cable can revitalize this petrified turkey. <br /> So the lesson here is also that 'Goof' it will be ignored in a big movie like CITIZEN KANE (who actually heard Charles Foster Kane say 'Rosebud'?), and tolerated in fun holes like WESTWORLD (why Are the robots given ammunition to live in the first place?), but absolutely despise a rotten movie, though the goofs are really non-existent.
