In the twisted comedy corner of Mel Brooks, "Wholly Moses!" try to take the Bible's story into Moses and make fun of it, causing the parable familiar library ever filmed. <br /> <br /> There is no real plot here, just excuse trot out talent talent comedy in underwritten role. Dudley Moore and Laraine Newman are on a bus trip to the Holy Land, when they stumble across an ancient scroll in a cave. There they read the story of Herschel and Zerelda, also played by Moore and Newman. Herschel's life is parallel to Moses. He was sent down to the river by the Pharaoh's family at the same time Moses was. Herschel's father, James Coco late, became slave Herschel after Herschel was saved by idol makers and worked as a sculptor. Eventually Herschel comes to work for Pharaoh as an astronomer, being exiled, and ending up to feed the flock of Moses. Herschel and Moses are brothers in law, married with sister, and Herschel thinks God chose him to liberate his people in Egypt. Of course, Moses received the Word of God, but Herschel perceived. I'm going to pause here to laugh hysterically ... pause ... anyway, the rest of the movie is a series of reliable writing scenes involving Moore and actors who are performing "special appearances." These scenes do not push the plot forward, bringing this little story there in a grinding halt. Jack Gilford plays a tailor. Dom DeLuise has perhaps three lines when it meets Herschel in the desert. John Houseman is an archangel, just giving the same line readings he gave in the "Chase of Paper." David L. Lander is a blind man "healed" by Herschel. Andrea Martin is one of the Sealand. I did not know that Madeline Kahn was supposed to give a Herschel ride, and it has about a minute and a half of the screen time. Jan Ritter plays a very untimely Satan. Richard Pryor has one scene as the pharaoh, but he obviously shot at a different time than Moore's scene because of the two appearing on the screen! In the end, Zerelda turns into a sole pole after looking back on the destruction of the New Sodom, ha ha. Herschel writes the Ten Commandments, and gives them Moses, who is basking in glory. In the final scenes, the senarist decided to try and wild this movie without Herschel Garnier God in a dispute. God came as a whole-intimidant who led Herschel around for his own entertainment, speaking of him only giving his ten commandments. We even have Zerelda quip "God works in mysterious ways," so excuses everyone's very Christian behavior during the movie. <br /> This movie is not funny. There is a lazy laugh to be found anywhere. At least Monty Python has made fun of many established religious religions of "Life of Brian" in addition to the doubts taken on Jesus' life, but here the humor consists of poo poo jokes and characters constantly bothering themselves. This makes Mel Brooks Merchant / Ivory. Church Churches will be offended, not by the film's attitude toward religion, but by the emotional film exhibit, impressing with their own hoitytoityness (I know, not a word) about a subject obviously does not know anything about. "All Moses!" It's not bad, and an embarrassment at all involved. I suggest you read the Book instead. This is rated (PG) for some physical violence, profanity, sexual orientation, and adult status.
