What a complete piece of waste. Draws despite, when the movie action revolves around aircraft, you would think writers / producers / directors (or anyone!) Have done a little bit of homework as at least a few of the details. The errors were so blatant that I smiled at the end of the movie. Here are just a few: I'm glad I missed the SR-71 sequence - some have become worse than the "Air Force One" F-117 spectacle. Commercial airlines usually have the logos that are painted on the aircraft rather than Boeing 747? are likely to use (cheap) in some Boeing advertising / advertising booths by the director. Exposed wiring connected by black wire is the best mediocre for home wiring, much less multi-million dollar wireless aircraft. Aircraft like the 747 relied on pressure alone rather than oxygen supply for the boat kept breathable, and if they were counting on a spare-on board, could be far larger than size points. Medical tape is not a suitable substitute for a threaded tire connection. Those were F-16s, not F-15s. Mash 1+ (speed of sound) would be difficult to reach on a static motor running for takeoff (see the airspeed indicator). "Creole Training" is simply keeping the training inside a naval kilometer, "road training" is what they fly - by the most useful training for a segment. "Missile lock acquisition" is not likely to get a flight pilot's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "Waiting for my signal" is not interconnected to prepare for fire anything. Depressurization from a door opening in flight is not the reason for a steep bank immediately steep. Calling in a headset does not transmit it. The magnetic head is given as "heading" by "bearings", with the titles between 001 and 360 degrees (compass in the air are just like compass on the ground!), So turn left (not "port" something boat) from a "bear" of 618 to 502 is just stupid. It is in most cases impossible to just "turn the cow away until the correct title arrives"? That sort of thing will result in 360 degrees rolls until the cow is centered again. Luckily for a flight attendant immediately finding and successfully engaging the autopilot is only a little bigger than the luck of it actually landing the jet safely. The planes do not fill immediately on pulling back into acct, and 747s are more than a small lever controlling the multi-engine injection. Flaps are lowered to increase just before and immediately after landing gear extension, no seconds before landing (good way to crash). Brake brakes are required to stop an airplane, simply pull the fuel (s) (this time a different lever of the movie) meaningless will just allow you to go to the end of the runway at a slower pace. Did I mention that these fighters were F-16s and not F-15s? Guess I did? And that's just what I remember from lately watching this horrible movie.
