French director Jean Rollin is not exactly known for big movie, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons why. One of the most confusing things about this production is the title. For a well-known director to direct erotic films on lesbian vampires; you would expect a movie and the 'nude' word of the title to be a particularly make-breast one; but in fact, there's not a lot of stripping here at all. Instead of lesbian lesbian vipers with no clothes; We had a cumbersome scheme about a man who wanted to unlock the secret of immortality, a young woman whose afflicted might hold the key to a suicide couple, which does not get much. The movie begins in promisingly with a sequence that sees a young girl carrying in a mysterious bunch of people in the mask under the eye of vigilant eyes of a young Frenchman, who also happens to be the son of a prominent person . Through his investigation, he soon discovered that this woman is not just a normal lady, and as she delves deeper into the cult; he discovered that can not be killed by bullets, drinking blood and can not go out of the daylight ... sounds like a clear off can of vampirism. Jean Rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going to all movies, but it fails to be interesting because the scheme is so seriously executed. It is possible to keep up with what's going on, but only because there are many other films that follow similar scheme to this one. The director seems to know that he has messed up the scheme as well, as the climax is basically an excuse to explain the movie to the audience. There is a twist to throw at the end too; but the movie would be better without it. I guess this was Jean Rollin's attempt to be a little original, but it came as a ham-fisted attempt at that, rather than a logical continuation of the story. The cinematography is fairly clean, and many of the draws take place in appropriate Gothic places. The girls on board complete this is a beautiful picture, and that Rollin's movie is lacking in logic and consistency, it's a bit make up for style. In the film defense, he was born in 1969; which somewhat explains the lack of trauma but I can not recommend this movie as it does not have a lot about it's worth to take notes.
