This review may include some SPOILERS. Just when you thought they did not do so very bad again, along came Rae Dawn Chong as a spaceship vixen with Willie Nelson as a American Indian witchdoctor! It's even worse when you factor in that two of these are the best aspects of Starlight, 'a movie that should only be seen for laughing. <br /> <br /> Chong is an alien sent on Earth to seek out only the half-crossed settlement, party people and foreign parties. Apparently, the Earth is in dire turmoil. Something is wrong with the genetics of humanity, and in a few decades the world will be a polluted desert. Only by duplicating the DNA in the half-crossword can the fresh foreign race save the planet. Do not ask me how this is, since the movie gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, which is caused by people. You would think Earth could only save by getting rid of the pollution animals, do not save them! Anyway, the half-crossword turns out to Billy Wirth, a man living in a small southwestern town and is a Native American party from his mother line, despite the fact that his mother is a White- headed Caucasian and his grandfather is Willie Nelson. Is not this sort of malarkey that made the Bombs Carmen Electra 'choose one' as Bombs? Chong came to his ship as Wirth nearly drowned after driving his motorcycle in a lake to a fit of concern were the result of just breaking up with his girlfriend. Before you can say 'hogwash', 'Chong reveals her secret to Wirth, who is not surprised at a time, and spreads the word of Wirth's family. Chong also wears the Wirth's mother, which seems to have lost a few of his marbles over the years. Well, this is because Wirth's father was an alien who abandoned it. Of course, it is the standard naughty alien who has wisely chosen the moment to come to Earth for Wirth so he can use Wirth's DNA to make people on his slave Earth. (Huh?) His rivals attempted to use his telepathic power and took Wirth to suck up most of the screen time and the worst scenes of the movie. Not only are they boring, but the scenes where you will spotting the flubs the most. <br /> <br /> The ideas might be nice on paper but are busy here and incredibly stupid, particularly in the aforementioned scenes with the naughty alien. But the effects are bans in the movie. The opening scene involves Chong on his spaceship, communicating with his superiority, someone we do not see but that Chong communicates with a pink embedded pendant. They use no word but telepathy, so we are treated subtitles. The problem is, both Chong and his subtitles are both alike, and the director gives you no indication as that of the two are actually 'speaking' at any given time, making all conversations nothing but gibberish. The vessel is the worst effect from Hollywood this side of a Ed Wood movie. Now I usually chant on effects when faced with a budget low budget like this, but these effects really got to me. The most offensive was the simplest one: a fake night sky. The stars in the sky are so phantoms that almost sounds in a composite tone. Most notably are the moments where Chong tells someone from Pleiades, and we get a shot of seven stars. The thing is, seven stars take about half the night sky in the movie, but any Stargazer knows that Pleiades is a group of stars between Perseus and Taurus constellation, and the cluster does not take much room in the sky at all. These effects just get so disgusting that your jaw hangs lower and lower and each passing moment. Be careful, because it will go straight to the floor during the final when the effects have Willie Nelson turn into a human point of view and. . . Oh, he must see to be believing! <br /> <br /> Starlight, bright star; Last star I saw tonight; I wish I could, I wish I could; Do not have to look any further in this garbage today. Zantara's note: 1 out of 10.
