Please note: I see in the various posts that had an original silent version and also a sound version of this same movie. I saw the sound version and was aesthetically yicky. Considering some that the original version was longer and without digging, my review must be read with this in mind. Although I know that Rene Clair has a nice reputation as a movie brand and Louise Brooks has a bit of a cult after, too, this is in many ways a technically painful movie. While Hollywood was already pretty much changed in sound mode around 1929, up in early 30s, a lot of famous French films were essentially silent film - with some dialogue effects and sounds very badly slapped on top of film in. The lip movements of many, and in particular this film, do not even come close to match what has been said and this would explain why an American like Ms. Brooks could make a French movie. This is just sloppy and I would rather have just made a silent film - and as a silent film this would be an average movie - with excellent camera work (at times) and some decent silent-style acting. br> <br /> The problem I also found with the movie was the plot too simplistic. For a quiet silence over 1920, it would be good, but not 1930's standard sketch is a bit beary (meaning "old" - not "slutty"). A lady has a beauty contest with her fiancé that she can not handle. It gives it all up, for a while, but is attractive back to the fancy life and this spell it! A melodramatic tad, huh? Also, a bit simplistic and underdeveloped. <br /> <br /> Finally, the character of the fiancee friend (?) I found very disturbing and real. It looked like Harold Lloyd and spent much of the movie being abused and being chosen by friends and others. As he just took it to the movie and resolution was not over, his character seemed unhelpful and the treatment he got mean-dynamic. Was the audience supposed to be laughing as he was abusive? This seems to me that's what is implied and I do not like it at all. <br /> There are FAR best French films in the era (Le Million, La Femme du Boulanger, Fanny, Regèn, and others) as well as best silent films. I just can not understand this high movie rating.
