This film begins to promise, with an early stage in which Frank Morgan advisor to her daughter, Gary Cooper's wedding, Anita Louise. Frank Morgan, playing an unabashed gold-digger, loudly complains to Cooper about his perceived knowing from his family - including his daughter, Anita Louise. I'm a fan of all 3 actors. Frank Morgan is (in my head) a Hollywood treasure, Cooper a legend, and Louise a very beautiful, versatile and under-appreciated actress rarely seen in the leading role. I also have nothing against Teresa Wright, and while not blessed with great range, it usually delivers heart-warming performance. From a promising opening, the story slides down all the way to the end. I do not find anything funny about burning down the house of the Cooper would be-in-law. The chief of the cabin in a low-smoker home, never just bliter goes away, allowing Cooper to continue to smoke, or alternatively it would certainly give it with some ways to dispose of his sick cigarette. In addition, nobody has common sense would allow himself to be left holding a cigarette lit without asking for some means to throw it. And finally, nobody in his right mind breaks a cigarette in a handkerchief and sticks it in his pocket! The whole sequence made Cooper look crazy and gauche. It is a poor compression - ill become pregnant and filmed in a way that surrounds ridicule by laughing. <br /> <br /> The medical examination has been forced into equally cooperative. Nobody left himself a complete medical exam without counseling to his or her consent! That Cooper made this too removed from reality to be funny - it's absurd! Baby thief in hospital is a legal legal act, and that, too, nothing to laugh about. Finally, the Cooper's scene was overwhelming, the nervousness of foods and her baby's weight was struck by a nerve and a few who had anxiety over their own baby. But I'm just looks tired and slow. Wardrobe and the departments went on top of these scenes, while paradoxically, the script writer went to sleep. Lines are just not in the script generate humor. They just miss all the cylinders. Streets do not come a mile-a-minute, but more like a year-one-minute light. Only once the film has any energy or humor is when Frank Morgan is on camera. The scene that is totally wasted is when both of Cooper's love loves and their respective ancestors are cooped up at the same hotel room. There is probably a wealthy vein of humor somewhere in my mine, but none of it was extract. In the end, one of the two girls is very likable that will hurt. Predictably, it is the character Anita Louise, who gets jilted on his wedding-can-wedding night! While not on camera, that's her fate, and it's not particularly funny - just as a loose end. He did nothing to this movie to make me unsympathetic (unlike Gail Patrick, say, to my favorite wife). Consequently, I was expecting (perhaps "expected" is a better word in the movie context!) For Anita Louise enjoying a happy end, too. The fact that such a beautiful character essentially wiped from the end of the film really affects the effect of the "happy ending" for Cooper and Wright. <br /> I kept waiting for something to happen, so the witty dialogue is so feature of the movie in the era ... And it never delivers. A good performance by Frank Morgan in a slightly different role is totally wasted here.
