I realized that bringing a big screen woman is still problematic. That's just a positive thing I can say about this really difficult adaptation. <br /> <br /> Do you read 'without Wise?' It's an amazing book. Flannery O'Connor wrote on the south as there is nothing else. It was a southerner himself, a devout Catholic, and a gifted writer very well. In his first novel he drew together a dark and deeply disturbing history of faith, doubt, and redemption with a sense of humor and amazement. The characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in rural southern, but I can assure you that these people exist. Not only do they exist, they are human beings and family, feelings, and anxieties like anyone else. Flannery's intentions were so often misunderstood - it did not spoil the grass - he saw in them the beautiful operation of what it would have called 'favors' ... even in the most violent, distressing, and maddening in circumstances. For her 'without Wise' is to be washed off with a sense of fear and future bankruptcy. Finally, he thinks long and hard on our judgment and preconceptions - all of our world is seeing. <br /> <br /> None of this came to John Huston at 'Gilligan's Island' as adaptation. None. It's a farce. A fake mascarade. The entire movie is saturated with a hauteur who gets the sale. The act is poor, the southern accent is fraudulent and insulting. Filmists do not show any insight into thinking of religious sighs. Ms. O'Connor's lawsuits are reduced to gage and cheap amateur theater. The soundtrack is a mix of hayseed silliness and 'Clockwork Orange' style cheeseball that does not fit the story or even the movie. I was awarded free admission to this movie and almost walked out. Surely, truly terrible. As a sidewalk, I do not agree with Ms. O'Connor's religious opinion, and while I was raised in the deep south, years ago I made my way to the north and did not have to look back. But the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating people (as elsewhere on earth), with the cartoonish and with the sider and the faces facing this film offensive. If you are in offended (which I'm not), then this movie is the most DEFINITELY cross the line. <br /> I do not like talking crap about an artist's work - John Huston was a man who I did not know, and I'm sure he was a movie theater and movie theater, where he respected the film's film story. My views are clearly denied by having it (and love) O'Connor's Flannery work. So I do not claim to be coming from any other perspective. Maybe as a stand-alone movie works for cinephiles. But for Flannery O'Connor fans - and, I might add, for self-respecting cideries and those who openminded in all bands - this movie is a waste of time.
