There is a bit of a downpour below, which can ruin the surprise of the unexpected and truly funny scene of this movie. There is also information about the first movie in this series. <br /> I keep this movie on DVD, which someone gave as a gift for my roommate. He came as a set along with the first movie in the series "Dead Blind". This film was certainly worse than the first, "The Night of the Cingo Corridor". In addition, many of the features of the first movie have changed significantly. For boots, the film was armed in English (the first was subtitled), which I tend to get trouble. The concept behind the series is that in the past far a local branch of the Knights Templar was involved in heinous rituals and secrets. Upon discovering these crimes, local farmers put Templar down to death as a way to keep their eyes unusable, thereby preventing them from returning from hell to examine their revenge. We then go to modern times where because of some events, the Templars rise from the exact dead revenge on the villagers whose ancestors are messed up in the first place. Of course, since the undead riders have no eye, they can only get victims when they do some sort of noise. <br /> <br /> The Templars were a hidden order, from the 12th century, coming out of Crusades. They were only around for about 150 years, before being suppressed in the early 1300s by the Pope and others. Because they were secret, there were still rumors about ceremonies, particularly for novices. Also, because of the way society was organized, you did not necessarily have the authority of the church to oversee these things, meaning that there was no one inside when it was heated. And, for the sake of nature, they were tortured in their denominations. The order was most in France, but it existed in Portugal and Spain, where cinemas take place. Where the movie first had a virgin offering and knights drank the blood directly into the body of the virgin (nursing breasts here, of course, this is a horror movie after all), and then once The riders come back to life, attack the victims by eating them alive and sucking their blood; At the end of this, this all disappears. You still have the same scene (redone, not the same footage) to sacrifice the maiden, but they drain the blood in a bowl and drink it out of that. So, when they come back, they just hack people up with the swords or claws of death, which I said is a much less effective means of disturbing your audience. There is also a time problem: in the first movie date is much closer to the Templars, where here are now said it is the 500 anniversary of the peasants burning these guys at the pole, which would date it around 1473. And the way the Templars lose their eyes is much less interesting as well. In the first, they have pecked out by Crows. Now they're simply burning out, and in quite a ridiculous way .. Oh yeah, and maybe it was just me, but there seemed to be a lot of people from the movie first reappearing in this movie (despite his death). Not really a problem, since the film is completely different and not an end to the essence of a continuation, but odd no-less. The highlight of this film is the rich fellow who uses a child to distract the undead while making a break for the jeep. The child's father had already been ransacked to the rich man in an attempt to find the jeep, so he walked out and told him to find his father. It comes a bit out of the blue, and it's easy to funnel in the movie. Of course, why the child does not die at this point is beyond me, and shame for horror fans. <br /> I could not possibly recommend this movie to anyone. It's not so bad that it gets funny, so it just ends up being a mediocre horror movie. Many of the films have several people who have climbed into a church, each making various attempts to go it alone in order to save the dying dead who have to surround. When the movie ends, you are not surprised at the outcome of all; In fact, quite disappointed. If you are in the gift of seeing a Spanish horror movie, see the first movie, which at least has some innovative ideas and not so expecting results.
