The film is ruled out of religion, so it is impossible to separate it from the religion to comment on it. In my opinion, this film pretends to explore deep problems but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices; with little insight. What people in the movie (and therefore the writer) failed to see was grace. They failed to understand that God is the author of beauty and He is the creator of passion and sexual satisfaction in the proper context of marriage obligations. To mean that people in the society in which the based story believes that stripping is sin, and both the man and the woman enjoy the act of marriage is dirty, it's just an increase. These stereotypes really do not exist, for even the holy Scripture book speaks clearly to the caring husband who will seek his wife's fun before his own. Scripture says that a man must love his wife as his own body, and that no man ever hates his own body but nourishes and loves it. Even if you want to ignore the New Testament, the writers and characters completely ignore that there are passages like the Song of Solomon in the Old Testament, and even the book of Proverbs that says, "Rejoice in the wife of your youth, 'Breastfully satisfy you always'! How can it be read in any other way than God knows, and approve, and smile about, the union marriage and the pleasure thereof? Real people do not ignore the values ​​and needs of their wives. Those denying a very basic instruction in the Judeo / Christian religion. God never said these things. She is absurd. Sonia rebelled against the misunderstanding of the teachings of Abraham's true God. He did not need to be so. How sad. What Sonia desperately needed was truth, not tradition. Knowing, loving and obeying God, we love others more; before ourselves. It is the faith of the God of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob and Joseph. once for all to deliver to the Saints; bought and paid for by Jesus Christ, the righteous. But Well, ignore all this and abandon the ancient, writings of God and go to the wisdom of the homeless and ghostly. This is a good plan. I would never recommend this movie; In part because the sexual content is graphically unnecessary, but also because it really does not offer any significant insight. Check "Yentl" if you want to see a more useful treatment of Jewish tradition at odds and societies.
