In his first cinema, based on his own short story "Turn on," William Faulkner delivers a rare story of loyalty, sacrifice, and truly unusual relationship. The story was originally only on Tone, Young, and Cooper characters, but MGM needed to put Joan Crawford into another photo to fulfill his contract, and Faulkner was required to create a female role. Crawford insists that his line will be written in the same style off as Young and its co-star Tone, leading to many unwittingness hilarities as these three communicate in a staggered telegraph stamp like a Monty Python plot (" Wuthering Heights "in Semaphore). Seriously, the phrases are almost entirely prens-less less to Ernest Hemingway than Henry James. The film also reflects some familiar Faulkner terms, with an almost unnaturally close relationship between siblings (as they can find in it "Sanctuary," and elsewhere). When Young proposed Crawford, in the presence of the Tone, in place of a commitment to engage ALL THREE small children's trades to engrave one another. Closure of Tone and Young is also apparent, especially as they go to Thelma & Louise Fate. Frankly, it's greepy. But not as creepy in this New Yorker, however, as the recurring theme of the massive cockroach, Wellington, which Crawford voluntarily catches (and shows gamboling on his hand - I turned away!) And Young turned into a gladiator. Sheet. <br /> That's said, some nice performances. Young is particularly engaged in a scene where she took up the Cooper's fighter, and Roscoe Karns delightful as Cooper's friendship fly. Tone, despite his inability to express himself in realistic dialogue, has a nice moment, superbly away from his own trumpet trumpet on his Young buddy fate. Crawford, stripping into significant dialogues as well, mainly comes across as either wooden or melodramatic, which is quite a balanced act for a role. The battle scene - not surprisingly, for a Hawk Hawk film - is the most interesting part of the whole picture. But not enough. As far as I'm concerned, this is 75 minutes in my life I will never get back.
