I'm so surprised by this documentary. I deeply embarrassed and humiliated by the way Puertorikan was described. This documentary was not about the Puertorikan culture. It was about the culture of Nuyoricans. Puertorikan and Nuyoricans are two different cultures. Culture is very different and should not be generalized in the Puerto Rican population. Rosie, before making a documentary, you need to do the research. You also need to check and make sure your sources are credible. Puerto Riken is not all loud and have class, which is one thing the documentary was missing shows. When I saw Rosie and Jimmie on the View and Rosie on Mat Stewart I was very excited about watching. I made sure to let my parents know since they love Puerto Rico much. After the first five minutes I could not believe how the documentary bashed the US and made Puerto Rican look like a bunch of guinea pigs. You need to go and visit Puerto Rico and you will see that Puerto Rico is not a 3rd world country where more than 50% of the population is in poverty. Puerto Rico has college and well-known universities, roads, cars, shopping centers, malls (Major Kmart and JCPenney I've ever seen), restaurants, theaters, beaches, hotels (Ritz, Hilton, etc.), casinos, church, agriculture, auto expresso, and restaurants just to name a few. Povrete? NOT 50% of the population is. Puerto Rican culture is about family, music, food, celebrity, and trying to move forward by backwards. Oh, and new cousins ​​do not just pop up from no place. There is not something Puerto Rican, that's something ghetto. We're not basteri. Parents of Puertorican descent who would like to teach their children about Puerto Rico should invest in a trip with the family so they can see firsthand what Puerto Rico is all about. They will see its beauty, people and culture. Please do not show them this documentary because it will only cloud the minds and negativities. Oh, and please do not tell your American friends to watch this documentary because it will only make Puertorican people look ignorant. Yes, I was born and raised Puerto Rican from the island. Just to know!
