You must respect this movie. It can be "just a kid of the kid mute" but it's # 1 more often to ask the movie title in the online movie forum, asking by the person who remembers the story but can not remember the title. So what follows is a detailed description drawn out since I could not get such a description anywhere else on the internet. <br /> A typical 2-story house shown in suburbia. 7-year-old Bridget recounts on suspicion of something going on since he and his 11-year-old Andrew brothers are getting introduced to their parents for no apparent reason. Presenting Bridget is a stuffy penguin that she immediately named Sweet William. Bridget describes her family: Aunt Ruth, a bossy nurse taking care of Grandmothers, gram grandmother embraces making dolls from socks, and her Andrew's brother, who is in electronics and is grumpy. Gram accidentally hung up on the lieutenant-governor, indicating he was getting along the way while living with the family. Two kids eat breakfast while adults are discussing moving Grams into a retirement home. Bridget makes a horrible-looking bunch of cereals, eggs, bacon, strawberries, and syrups, as Andrew looks like incredulously. Two children then discuss Grams, and Andrew says suddenly that Grams is being "out of grazing." Bridget talked with Grams in the attic, a party was played with Sweet William in her bedroom, then a living doll unexpectedly pops out of her closet bedroom glass. <br /> <br /> Bridget and the living doll come to know. The curly-haired doll living doll is called Huggins and life in Huggaland. Bridget gives Huggins a baseball cap from Andrew's room. Huggins hide under some laundry when Bridget's mother comes by, then the mother throws the laundry into the washing machine and Huggins in it. Bridget saves Huggins and dries it off with a dry hair. They discussed the problem with Grams getting old and he has to move away, Huggins says Bridget could talk to the bookworm in Huggaland about him, since he knows everything. They step into the mirror to go to Huggaland, but one of Bridget's tennis shoes gets the night out of the mirror. Rather than walking with one foot, Bridget goes without shoes in Huggaland. They immediately meet Hugsy, a curly-haired doll living doll in Huggaland. Huggins give the Hugsy baseball cap. They also meet tickles, bubbles, incarnates, and tweakers, and all the dolls sing a song while sitting on a bridge. Hugsy takes Bridget and Huggins into his hugwagon to see the booklet, who lives in a pile of giant books. The brochure examines the "old encyclopedia" and finds that old age can be cured by eating the fruit in the "youngberry tree." However, only one tree that exists, and it's the land of Shrugs, led by the crazy queen of quartz. The only way to travel to Shrugs is to fly down a deep hole located inside a giant nearby book. <br /> <br /> Bridget and Dolls Drop two times, jump down the hole, and tumble out. Soon they walk down a sidewalk aside, hear the sea of ​​glass break, and fall on the sidewalk when the gravity is asleep. They encounter the "behemoth hairy," which looks like a mastodon, has four teasers, and breathes fire out its trunk. But Hugsy boldly goes on and embraces the behemoth, which thus gets to a baby elephant whose name is Hodgepodge. Hodgepodge was under a spell by the queen, and must hugsy a favor, so they all boarded the Hodgepodge back into the castle. They entered the castle, surrounded by troll-like beings, the queen (Queen Admira) came, and Bridget asked for a little. The Queen refuses, then feeds one for herself, and brags on her own juvenile good looks while looking at a hand mirror. Hodgepodge faints when the queen says he should "digest." The Queen is angry when Bridget mentioned sorcery villains should have warts, so the queen of Bridget freeze and order three others to be taken to the dungeon. But the queen carelessly left the key to dome the young tree by the range of the dome-lift device. <br /> <br /> Hodgepodge wakes up in the dungeon and uses "nozzle" (trunk) to pull the prison door down, thereby freeing himself with the two dolls with him. They get Bridget stand petrified, the dolls embrace it, causing Bridget to be revived. Before running, Bridget finds the key to the left-the-small young calf tree, lifts the bowl off, and chooses some glowing glow and puts them in a jar. The Queen captures, but the queen's arm strikes down the bowl down while arriving for the key that Bridget left on the ground. The queen suddenly becomes very old since it is prevented from the young-given berries, and appears to die. Soon Bridget steps back into the mirror in her room, but trips to the bottom of the mirror, reverse the butter on her floor, and the berries quickly disappear in smoke, one by one. Her mother asked for her and Andrew says goodbye to Grams, who left for a retirement home. Andrew drops his usual grumpy, lousy facade and hugs gram, telling him he loves him and that he does not want him to go. Fathers moved, and he decided to hold the grams after all, with hugs and cries, including Aunt Ruthie, who was the main person Gram pressure to move out. Andrew asked Bridget for his St. Louis Cardinals cap, Bridget begins to explain how he gave it to Huggain in Huggins, but Andrew does not want to listen to what he believed in his fantasy story, so he turned around to look for her in her bedroom. One of the dolls secretly but the back cap of Bridget, Bridget puts the cap on Andrew's head, Andrew is mystified, and leaves her room without saying anything. Bridget voluntarily waves into the mirror.
