It seems to me, as a recent school film graduate, which at the time of New Zealand film reaches new heights, the general public seems to think every New Zealand film made is great. Sione's wedding proves this is wrong to die. <br /> It's completely overrated and not funny, and far from 'hilarious' movie to other users of IMDb has commented. The only really funny thing I found in this movie was Derek's whimsical black guy, but other than that joke were reclaiming crap that we'd all heard before. <br /> Be in half-Samoan decent, I wanted to see how the movie went on to deal with Polynesian representation. It was a complete balls-up - I know it's a supposed comedian, but I did not feel like the characters had anything new to say about Polynesian identity, though it was in a language-in-the-way way. I was most disappointed with ending the movie and the resolution of the character's relationship - Mikaele was the player who only messed around with white women, coming up a little bit of his way when the 'girl's dhky' comes in town There is an epiphany that maybe it should start looking for a stable relationship, then in the very minute dismissing her and accepting her position as a Polynesian playboy for women Palagi. I did not understand why they did. <br /> In all, it was very disappointing. All my family went to see she hoped to have a good laugh, but ended up being really bitter about paying to see her in the cinema. The jokes are the lame best, acting, particularly in the Sefa's girlfriend, APPLY, and honestly I would have been happy if I had my hand on one of those copies of thieves in the movie to save my head $ 15 fare. /> <br /> I think only the good thing from the film is that it's the second step (behind No 2, of course, a far superior movie one) of the birth of the Polynesian cinema. I hope that future filmmakers can learn from Sione's wedding in how they do not reflect Polynesia and have something more meaningful and sensitive to them. Even if it is done in a funny fashion.
