Believe it or not, the "Woodchipper Massaker" gave me blonde-blown! That's right, I had a rainbow of discharging spewing out of me just because a group of kids played around with a camcorder and somehow made a deal with the devil and timing. It's not beyond my understanding of how anyone with intelligence models could tolerate this pants-load in a movie. The only reason I managed to sit in the whole thing (not without several suicide attempts on the road) was because, well first, I was delirious with boredom, and second - I guess I wanted to explore more this newly discovering hate types I've experienced ... This movie is a "horror / comedy" shot on the three remaining brothers and sisters for the weekend in the bitchy elderly care. The youngest kid ends up stabbed the old lady accidentally with her rambo-duper hunting knife. They then came to start akuntie with various tools (apparently he did not have a single drop in his body!) And wash it in renting his dad to rent ... He's convicted son then , stop by looking for her mother and children ending women enjoying jackass too ... I do not remember ever seeing a cast of annoying actors who actually cause me nausea. Seriously, one blonde chick voice made me wincing in pain still. ALL of the actors were outright atrophy - literally just screaming sounding sounding features and split jokes that must've been written by a chimp that just did not care! Now, I can usually appreciate independent efforts, but only from people who can realize that there are others than their families can watch this! I do not need to see a 3 minute shot of a car pulled from a drive-way with a torturous, deep sadness of grooming timing and some ridiculous, fluttery music playing on it. Plus, why does the hell make the box in this movie have a bloody piano on it ?! There was a piano in ONE scene and no one killed near it! I'm with reminiscences about this movie. Unless you like obnoxious crap, I would advise anyone with a half brain to avoid this garbage.
