I had high hopes for her when I heard she was back in 2001 because I read the "Devil and Daniel Webster" when I was a kid and I found it very interesting. They made some changes in the story that did not make much sense to me. Daniel Webster in the story was a famous lawyer in New Hampshire in the story. In the movie she is an editor. An attorney makes more sense since it ends up representing Jabez Stone against the devil he / she (he was a man in the story but was a woman in the movie) in a trial where both souls are on the line. As an editor, it does not seem likely that Daniel Webster would have the skill to do this. The act was decent by all except for Alec Baldwin and Dan Aykroyd. These are two actors that I love, they just did a terrible job in this movie. It was as if they thought they were acting in a comedy, but the movie was more than a serious one than a comedy. This might be partly due to the fact that the movie was filmed and a particular vision of yourself, and being then re-edited by another person. Given this fact, it's surprising that he was at all coherent. I was surprised to see a fair amount of SNL members cast in the movie, which further led me to believe he could have originally been filmed with the intention of being more of a comedy. I should say that it was not completely terrible, but it was not very good. If I could get the time and a half back and do something else with it, I would. The finish was especially disappointing. As in the original story, Daniel Webster defeats the devil in the trial. Jabez then starts out again at the beginning of the movie ... literally, we are just bringing back to the first scene with Jabez, and then the movie suddenly ends. It actually looked as though they just replayed Jabez's first scene over and called it to the end. There is no indication that Jabez has the benefit of any of his or her knowledge or experience, so who meant he did not just repeat his mistake over again, and perhaps over and over in an endless village? It was a very disappointing end and did not make a lot of sense. The decent throw, and acting to everyone except for Baldwin and Aykroyd are the only things that keep this from being a complete sandwich and total flaws.
