I got this in DVD 10 pack CURSE of the Dead. You have to like the bargain packs. For even if they do not present remastering true, restoration and all that hoo-ha, and the films generally in full-pan pan and scan formats, there is no denying that there are always a few gems included. And by "gems", I mean there's always some good crap to be seen, especially if these films come from the '70s as the castle of Madness is. <br /> <br /> I duplicate the mansion of madness, but when the title titles rolled out of the Dungeon Tortoise Po Poor. No matter, really, as crap is crap is crap, no? Yes! But he says this movie is completely worth noting at all. Some funky elements here and there, and obviously the flick had a decent budget. <br /> <br /> The opening title title is cool and runs its negative color to a cheap TV view. The dialogue is still hilarious. Near the beginning of the movie, the horse and buggy drivers come out to move a tree down tree in the middle of the road. "WHO WAS!" tell our hero. Funny, then, that this dude should later not be able to combat the wacky woods when they become interesting fun. You will completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until it cropped up later next to the end. That's how memorable these characters. <br /> <br /> The best part about the Madness Mansion, however, was to be the wacky music and visbons that the guys have to keep up. It's like cartoon music that a year old would get enjoyable. And why all the weirdo slackstick, anyway? I would say my favorable moments were due when the horse and buggy were ambushed by the jungle spears by pulling a stupid looking homemade ghost up by a stick in the middle of the road and making the buggy stop. What the Hell? Oh yeah, there are many boobies to be seen, too, for those of us who dig things. Boobies, bad dialogue, and wacky music. That's the best amount of Mansion in Madness for me. It is well worth at least one look, and may be a lot better if you had a few to drink or shelves. I can not say I was ever bored watching it, but I can not deny that it's also a barrel of feces. Kinda like Magic Mystery Tour but with a conspiracy, but not. Hmm. <br /> And Mr. Chicken PWNZ.
