Was it a comedy or was it a drama? I start this review by asking this question because the movie that I just witnessed, Hollywood Shuffle, was not funny or rather dramatic. While he tried so hard to make a point, because of the lack of definition (comedy or drama), the smart themes and pointing remarks were lost. While I'm a strong believer that there are too many racial profiles happening in Hollywood, even today, I do not think that the first director of Townsend has done so much to stop it. Instead, I feel he added more fuel to the fire. The comic disturbing Townsend of this film was disastrous due to the fact that the elements he was supposed to make fun of, was rather promoted and vice versa. Those serious assumptions were somehow destroyed by the poor lack of comic comedy. Townsend has had a decent concept with this movie, but sadly the execution is ultimately hurt this movie. If you look at the preview before the movie (which I'm still doing), you'll immediately get the wrong impression of what you'll see. The preview gives the impression of a very clever, comic film that is proud of itself on the intelligence of viewers, but the movie actually could not be more out of the truth. <br /> <br /> The main problem with Hollywood Shuffle is not story itself (because it lacks the elaboration); It is the direction of the Townsend. She has a wonderful concept with this movie. Exploit the Hollywood that exploits our race. Idea idea, but why could not it execute it very well? The first reason is his ideas too random and occasionally. This movie structure was like watching a heart attack on a hospital monument, we literally wander without warning or card. It was obvious that Townsend was quite a bit to say, but only a small amount of time to do it in. So, instead of defining his character, developing his theme, he actually created a clever movie, he just launched it all with praying that he works. Unfortunately, it does not. Instead of a smart comedy, we have a hugge of many ideas, funny sketches, and actors underused that movie from decent almost unwatchable. What hurt the Townsend most is his short, trying to be funny, interrupting the whole movie. From fighting a rogue known as Jerry Curl to parody Siskel & Ebert, Townsend's attempt to sniff fun while speaking a message about the falters movie industry. This is because these little skis intermittently actually distract from the central focus of the movie and actually destroy internally. While Townsend seems to be trying to make a joke about life in Hollywood, it's actually connected to each stereotype and stereotype of the book. What could be beautiful satire transformed into simply generic humor that never stood apart from the rest. So if you find yourself not laughing at the humor in this story, perhaps there is some comfort in knowing that some of the bravery brothers are around helping spice up this dull story. WON! The brains are in this movie, but Townsend demonstrates that she has the same ability to carry the worst out even in this fun family. Definitely in the Pre-In Living Colors, we see that comedy was something that all need to constantly improve on. Maybe it was the Townsend's direction, or just maybe this expansive story, but comic to comics was obviously underused and ignored when it came to criticism of this movie. I just thought that with the talent pool that Townsend had to pull out from Shuffle Hollywood would be funny, bright, and a true cow in this clear Hollywood dilemma. Unfortunately, it was not one of the above. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that this was a workable film. There were some moments (while being some and far away from) that had a smile on my face, the final product just did not settle well with me. Townsend can be funny, but in this film she just felt like she played against herself, instead of personal experiences and problems. I realized that he was probably speaking the truth, but it never happened. Instead, we are threaded into a weak story, which supports itself with blinking flash hexagons that may have worked for a sitkon, but surely did not work for this movie. Even for those who commented that this was his first basic and that he learned from this movie, I would have to agree. If you start cool, either have a tight script or defined theme. Townsend was neither of these, and combined with the inability to control his actors, he just failed in a ball of flame. <br /> <br /> Overall, this was rather irritating to watch. He reminds me of a Spell Bee school where he is finally spell your child. The word is difficult, but as the first two to three letters come out, you think it will work perfectly, but then is that random "P" silently "R" that forces your excitement to roll down. This is how I felt with Hollywood Shuffle. At first, I saw the potential, I saw the theme and the motive behind the picture, but in soft and inexperienced techniques and after the first couple of scenes, I experienced this deep feeling. Townsend lay his own boat on this one, and I do not think that Hollywood Shuffle will ever re-immerse as an essential moment in Hollywood movies. <br /> <br /> Grade: * from *****
