After a lively surface open to opening the bank-exit scene, 'put it off' plummets straight into the gutter and continue to flow. This is a film that deals with the embarrassing, sterile filter instead of character, preposterous manipulation instead of concubinary draw, and a frightening cocktail of cloying sentimentality and free violence instead of thinking, understanding or feeling. In short, it does not differ from 90% of Hollywood products. But the racial corner makes 'off it' a particularly sad example of contemporary movie. Posing as a celebration of 'sistahood', the film is actually a celebration of the most virulent form of depicting stereotypes of African-American 'gangsta'. Guard this time is that the Gangstas are dragging. Not only the movie suggests that gangsterism is a default identity for all African Americans attached to cash or feeling a bit hassled by the Man and presents its status as materialize funds that cost money and bling above all else. Worse, 'putting it off' exploits the theme of racial discrimination and inconvenience simply as a device to propose its weak draw structure. Social problems related to races are rolling into conflict mode and opportunism to justify armed robberies, then they're ditchi as soon as the movie has to produce the inevitably conventional index of which punishes the LAPD seems to be a bunch of caretakers, liberal guilt (say to Rodney King), and aspirational 'good' sista, Jada Pinkett Smith, following the path of upper mobility from the 'hood and in a mid-world Self-indulgence class opens up so it does not buppie his bank-manager companion. 'Off It Off' shows the abusive state of the contemporary blaxploitation movie, hanging mindless gangsta stereotypes and pretending to celebrate life in the 'Hood while it despises it. While the likes of 'Shaft' and 'Superfly' in the 1970s might have been peddled stereotypes and rehashed well-worn plots, they had a freshness, an energy and an innocence that struck a rope and audience in every race always make them look enjoyable. 'Off It' would not be upset about whether it was a symptom of the tragic decline and ghettoization of African-American film-making since the promises promoted in the early 1990s.
