We all knew even before it was revealed, the Ron Moore mini-series was not Battlestar Galactica. That's fine. It just means it must stand on its own. It can not be leaked on Battlestar Galactica. If it's any good, it's good on its own basis, and Ron Moore has something to be proud of. If the reports are true, this is what Moore wanted. However, if his mini-set robot, he was disappointed by all the excellent actors who did on the screen, not to mention the multi-off-screen staff. And this is what he did. <br /> Yes, this mini-series has no renewal. I would not even call it a re-imaginative. It's a new production, inspired by Battlestar Galactica. It does not take place in the galactic universe, and places them with slang and technology. It does not say in the Galactic research for the thirteenth tribe. Nor rely on the legends and mysteries underpinned Galactica. The Ron mini-series series is an opera space, flick action with a nude ceremony in Battlestar Galactica. Perhaps I should say, "just another" space-opera, flick action. Because as the cemetery goes, it has little that's original, or even interesting. I could relay the whole thing without a blame warning. But I will not hurt that on you. I'll just hit the most important point. Ready now? Here it is: Just watch the trailer. It will tell you everything in the story. <br /> Yes, the creation of man turns to man and seeks to destroy people. (I guess they forgot Azimov's regulation, again.) They look like people, so there's all-alien among us stuff. At least there's no time-travel. Oh, and many of the battle scenes and random acts of sex and violence. The end result was that when Moore made drawings from Galactica, which shook ceremonies, he came to the most corny passion. I mean, could not he even think up anything of his own? <br /> In the first few minutes, I wanted to look something else. I did not care about any of Moore's characters, since I was not able to identify with any of them. This fact hit me in the face when Cylons began to attack. Armageddon on a planetary scale, and I did not give a damn. How Depression. <br /> <br /> Moore's hero faced an impassable obstacle, instead of overcoming it, rather than tightening and rescue their own butcher. After all, it was the only way to save humanity, yadda yadda yadda. They took the road safely, rather than risking their own lives in advocating others. At least disgust is not wave. <br /> But in the end, the Ron Moore mini-series was just bloody activity, a movie on a carpet, forever running again away nowhere. And I just wanted it to be on. And at the moment it happened, my life-force was sucked into my hands. Against my own will, I turned into a mindless zombie, probably in what kind of mini-series would appeal. I needed to replenish myself. I needed-and I swear this is true- I needed to watch an episode of Babylon 5. Two episodes, in fact, and I felt better. And happier.
