Rating: 4 out of 10 <br /> As this mini-series approached, and we were well aware of it for the past six months as Sci-Fi Channel continued to pepper their show with BG ads, I confessed that I had feeling a growing anxiety as I learned more. Like any work in cinematic art that has been up to some tests in time, different people go through it to see different things. In that sense, when people think of Battlestar Galactica, they remember different things. For some it is the Chromium warriors and the oscillating light of the visor. For others, it is dear to them that are kept for the special evolutionary effects of their time. Many forget the state of special effects during the late 70's, especially those on TV. For some memories they are solved around the arc history. Others still remember their relationships as how their relationship helped overcome the challenges they faced. <br /> <br /> Frankly, I come from the letter group. The core of Battlestar Galactica was people pulled together to save another from an evil empire. Yes, what's wrong. The Cylons had nothing to gain but the extermination of the human race yet they did it. While the base stars were whirlpools around, men and women were assembled together to face an enemy and virtually unlimited resources, and somehow managed to survive until the next show. They did not survive because of the best technology, or more power. They survived because they cared and trusted each other to reach the next show. <br /> <br /> The show had its flaws, and at times were silly, but they were people you can take care of. > <br /> The writers of this upbringing now seemed to never understand this. In some ways it took the least significant part of the original show, the character's name and a take on the history archive and manufacture so-called nothing less than a reenvote of science fiction television. Since what was their goal, they can be judged on how to accomplish it: failure. It was far from an invention. In fact it has been in many ways one of the most derivative of science fiction initiatives in a long time. He lobbies at ST: TNG, ST: DS9, Babylon 5, and even Battlefield Earth. I find that unfortunate. Ronald D. Moore has been a contributor to popular science fiction for over a decade, and has contributed to some of the most popular Science Fiction TVs that you might expect to see. One of the difficulties that it appears to have been that there would be no conflict in the crew of the D & D Enterprise. That was the Inflation Rule at ST ST: TNG. Like many people who lived under the rules of others who take every opportunity to break the rules when they are not under this authority, Ron Moore seems to have forgotten some of the lessons he learned from the science fiction master recognized by Gene Roddenberry. Here, instead of writing the best possible story, it creates a dysfuntional cast as I've ever seen with the intention of creating as much conflict as it could. In addition to being dysfunctional, some of it was not the least credible bit. Anyone who has ever been in the military knows that someone unprovokedly hit a superior officer would not get just a couple of days "of hack," they might have gotten execution, and they would never have come out the next day . It would not happen, period, especially in times of war. The thing that I remembered most of Ron Moore's earliest was that he was the one who had penned the death of James Kirk. He killed Captain Kirk, and, to my hurt, he killed Battlestar Galactica.
