I saw yesterday the second part. And I must say, it was actually better then the first one. At the beginning, I realized, It is actually a sequel, not a noticed, but not a good one. I do not like old movies and galactics, because the silos were seen as killer (as it was mentioned in this new movie) and were completely harmless to the old galactica. This movie turns around - The people were harmless but the movie was all for me completely chaotic and stupid. Many scenes were needed, for example the story of "computer expert" - completely a crap. If I was a scriptwriter I'd let her die in her house, killed by the cylinder woman. With the evacuation from the planet? Oh, if it would be bombarded by 50 megatons (why exactly 50 MT ??) nukes, they would die dead by the radiation. And how is it actually possible that the great fleet of silos was completely hidden before the attack? Yes, it was probably the computer virus, created by the silo - the script was probably written by the ten-year-old boy. The good side of the movie is, that the people are at last to beat !! Really beaten, the population is near the disappearance (children die - twice explicit in the movie: 1. a baby press maybe an old month and a girl at age of ten max - that is a violence. ..). With the bad-winning donkeys and I think it is the first time film sci-fi movie fight. I also appreciate the design of the lashes (not only in the silent silhouette :-) a good job with these chips - I love the design of the boats by both of them - human a silo. The human ships are a good never-to-any version of the ancient. And Galactica - really nice with these docks, I liked that. But this is all, only the design is not enough. The act was really bad, the whole plot was expected (only two things not - human-in-silon on the ragnardocks and human-in silence at the end) .The dialogues were trivial (and in the Slovak dummy just stupid, but that's not the fault of the movie). The whole movie looked like a movie pilot for a set, but who would shoot like this series? What is it about? One star for the one single drawing for the nearest disappearance of humanity.
