Never even knew this movie existed until I found an old VHS copy of it, hiding deep into my dusty horror closet. The title on the box said "bug" and the illustrations on the back made it clear that it is just another insignificant and unfortunate horror movie of the 80's. They can surely be fun, of course, as long as does not expect an intelligent storyline and as long as you're not irritated by seeing a giant amount of cheese make-up effect. Just about every important aspect that makes a worthy horror movie is subtle here in "Blue Monkey"! The draw is ridiculous and very independent, the performing acting paints are observed and there is a total lack of suspense. After the trend is still popular in "big-bug" cinema, "Blue Monkey" handles a new and unknown bug species that wets out the doctors and patients in a remote hospital. The makers could not be more evasive about the current origin of this gigantically-sized critter! All we know is that it does not come from outer space and it initially crawls out of a tropical plant. Other than that, there's absolutely no explanation for this new type of bug all of a sudden from! As I said, do not get your expected upsets for a smacky smile. The first half of the film is fun enough, with some nice gore and the introduction of a character disrupted character (a 80-year old blind and alcohol lady!) But the second half (when the whole hospital is set quarantine) is so much slowly boring. It is also close to the end that "Blue Monkey" begins to exaggerate the older rip-off (and best) films. Approaching the highest points, they apparently run out of budget as well, since the lighting becomes very poor and the guy in the suit of monster is not very well camouflaged again. "Blue Monkey" is worth a look at your case really bored or if you really want to see 80 extra movies ever done. Fans of B-Cinema can recognize John Vernon ("Klowns killer from outer space", "curtain") in the role of Little and Rhinestone Roger, who is in charge of the clinic.
