* McCabe and Ms. Miller * take place in the northwest-turn-of-the-century. In a soft, muddy mud John McCabe (a Hunsute Warren Beatty) comes barging, full of cigar smoke and great ideas about building a proper saloon / hatch for the city, replete with a trio of the sorriest solo films in film history. He also comes with an unearned reputation as a gunslinger: too disappointed about this flagrant advertising, but not exactly scary to use it in order to affirm alfa-male qualifications amongst locals. So he wrangles the boys to build his saloon at the rate of 15 cents an hour. <br /> It seems to be a rather regrettable operation until Ms. Miller (Julie Christie) shows up on a thrilling constraint, half-rail car, half-automobile (where Altman found that stuff?). Ms. Miller immediately takes on McCabe as a business partner, and the object of classifying up the new and adolescent harp joint with an insistence that all visitors take a bath before joining. Note that McCabe does not know how to add, it also insists on touching accounts. It is not clear what McCabe's function will be. The plotting scheme when a pair of oil representatives in the mining company show up in town and offer McCabe to buy it out for five grand. McCabe tells them to be offensive - he has been holding out for fifteen miles. The company finds unpleasant negotiations, so to hire a trio of killer simply kill McCabe. . . as they think they can get away and kill a man in the big day at the center of town is as clear as McCabe's function of the whorehouse partnership. (Excuses this mischievous draw on the grounds that the locals might be too cowed to speak by cutting the mustard when one considers that any reward-money offered by the local Marshal would be very tempting.) <BR>> McCabe and Ms. Miller *, alleged "sixty cinema", should be a better than it is. The film tells a very good story; The main characters have the potential to be interesting. Some striking scenes, especially one involving what seems to be a 14-year-old rock-cold killer. But it's really, really hard to enjoy a movie when you can hardly hear what someone is saying and when you can hardly see what anyone is doing. Again, this director hijacks her own films and laziness perfectly sluggish and sloppiness. According to the trivia-leaf here on IMDb, the movie editor gribed Altman that the sound was muddy; Altman agreed; and when everyone said the sound was mud after the movie was released, Altman blamed the editor. (Nice.) Along with the bad sound, the movie has an atrocious look. Only Robert Altman can hire a world-class DP class like Vilmos Zsigmond and make a movie that looks like spraying the lens cameras and water lounges. The answers here that praise the "dark brown glow" in this picture have GOT to be kidding me. Interiors are shooting at what appears to be a dark end. Exterior photography is even worse: it's as though Altman has placed 500 fog machine behind the luxurious trees. As the climate stretches, when Beatty dodges the killers during the local church in fire, Altman insists on pretty much completely observing the look with a snow fall season that recalls one of a Christmas special Rankin-Bass. <br /> <Look / I can not watch a movie under these conditions. Get back to me when you learn how to put the boom mic, when you remove all the annoying "Altman-esque" overlapping dialogs, and when you wipe the lens with some Windex, or something. 3 stars out of 10.
