How to get Al Pacino to play in this movie is beyond me. This film is absolutely awful. I discovered, after reading some of the other reviews, that a couple of people actually enjoyed this movie, which deeply patience me, because I do not see how anyone in right mind can possibly be enjoy a movie as horrible as revolution. It's not just that it's a bad movie, with a troubled and embarrassing plot in general that is very unpleasant, but it looks as if the films were either mentally delayed (which is a very possible explanation as to why this film absorbs as it does , though it probably still sucks even compared to other films made by delay) or deliberately did every illogical decision to make this movie suck as much as possible. For example, we see Donald Sutherland running around with a big, fat ugly moles on his face. It does not normally have a mole. The mole does not add to his character. It's very ugly and distracted. It's not like Robert De Niro's molten; it is worse. Why did hell get that moles? It is as if the filmmakers just said, "Let's see, how can we make this movie even worse than it is already?" I know, let's give Mr. Sutherland a giant, ugly ass on the right mule his face. <br /> Another example of jumping the filmers is Ned's character. We see, for the first three quarters of the movie, Ned's Nude: At one point, "six months later" appeared on the screen. Again, and of course, the same actor plays the boy. Five minutes later, "three weeks later" appeared on the screen, and all of a sudden we had a different actor playing as Ned's now great. What do they think we are idolized? Good God! Again, like the filmmakers are saying, "How can we do it worse? I do not think we can ... Oh wait! I just had a terrible idea! "I know a kid does not grow much in half a year, which is fine, but it at least grows much more than it does in three weeks. Just do not get another actor Play Ned, or at least get her to play five minutes when she is three weeks younger. In addition, the kid who plays Ned's "greatest" does not look any older than "young" Ned. a matter of fact, it just looks completely different, very skinnier, and no higher or more than the original actor, which is very confusing, as I, like any rational who first thought it was a new and different character .. What, did the first kid die while being filming the movie? Because he was in it for the first and a half hours, and then all of a Suddenly, three weeks later, the guy from Stock Lock and De Smoker Barik playing Ned for the last five minutes of the film. And even though the original actor was dead, hollow The hobbyist should have at least gotten an actor who looks like him to play the rest of his role, and re-firing the five-minute minutes of "six-month later" scenes. Better yet, just draft the film completely, never end it and never released, never even tell anyone about it, because at that point should have been realized that the films are absorbed and in its finish would only wasting more money and time and succeed in making one of the worst movies of all time. <br /> I do not say that this movie is so bad you should not look it; It's so bad that you should watch it, just to see how badly it sucks. It's terrible, awful.
