I am all for a grand era of American Revolutionary War. This is not it. (And for that matter, neither was the Emmerich / Devlin / Gibson PATRIOT. But I digress.) <br /> I saw this movie in a public screening of the old MGM Studios (now Sony) just before it comes out. The audience had great hopes for this expensive period, written by Robert Dillon, veteran, led by Hugh Hudson (in Charity of FIRE), and starring Al Pacino. <br /> But it did not take long for people to start squirming in their seat, balding comments on the Pacino's original crash - it was supposed to be a U.S. border of Scottish ancestors (!) - to that of Nastassja Kinski, who was supposed to recently emigrate from England (!!). Then the story started and it all went down fast. <br /> <br /> Motivation was wounded, dialogue was atrocious, events had no historical or political context. What was in a scheme lurched forward on absurd coincidence; by the second or third time that alleged allegations Pacino and Kinski stumble at each other he became a bad joke. Donald Sutherland gave an unhinged performance as a British officer / pederast. Accidentally it was all over the map. I guess there were no English actors available. Many people left. The residents tried to sniff giggles, then openly guffawed. I stuck it out - I figured that at least the battle scene would be good. I was guilty. Inexplicably, Hudson was chosen for the films and cameras but was caught, not even Steadicam, the jerkiness that gives a true 'misplaced truth' that lost his head to scale. <br /> There was a semi-popular TV review of the audience a few fixes before me: (the end) Gary Franklin in Channel 7 news witness. I could say it was peeved by the behavior of the rest of us. And sure enough, on his television segment of the next day he gave the film a '10' on his notorious 'Franklin Scale of 1 to 10', while noting churlishly over the strokes that would interfere with the night screening First, who clearly didn not know art when they saw it. What a buffalo. <br /> After this disaster, Pacino did not star in another movie for almost 4 years. Career Hugh Hudson never recovered. You can not say I did not warn you.
