What a great word "re-imagine" is. Is not it called Dawn of the Dead MMIV (2004)? A clever word indeed - it disguises the theme that everyone grew in hatred, "noticed" that is, and makes it almost sound as though the process of making one was creative and involving imagination. Well, damn, I was deceiving myself. At least I was more seduced by the thought of countless wars and brutish violence than by the idea of ​​"re-imagining," though he played a role. <br /> <br /> Still, why does a remake happen? Director does it for some reason: to update a movie for a modern hearing, or because they personally love the original and want to make a tribute to it. A homage, if you want. However, it all generally (I admit exceptions) boils down to one thing: steal someone's idea and remodel it (or "re-imagine" it) so that people might never see it or understand it would pay their money see it. It's like Coles '/ Cliffs' notes; Dump everything in a blender, purify all that is much more unearthly and curious and throw in some artificial flavors. In other words, a great marketing plot. <br /> So what's wrong with this one? Well, I'll start with what I liked. I like the opening scenes. Thanks to CGI and a major budget we could actually get a threat to the mess of the Holocaust Holocaust Romero tried to communicate in the original minimalist mean. We see the city break, thousands of zombies: mess and death. Two words that look nice on screen. Then it all fell apart. <br /> This set-up is nowhere. The movie does almost every rumor to do. It adds more to everything except character, atmosphere, and history. It's luscious, (in some ways) bloodier, and more full of main characters that appear only to die in nonsensical subplots. The environment, the mall that has played an important role in the original film story and theme, is purely coincidence. The idea to communicate in Romero's film, the best of the ecstatic joy of having "a whole shopping mall as a strong", goes here. Further, this "re-imagine" has no moxie, no spirit, no ball. It is assumed (probably quite reasonably) that the audience has no attention span and does not bother to get us interested in the characters or the story. The movie is run and misses the quiet interactions of the four characters of the original. You actually grew up in care of these people in Romero's version because there was a certain realist in existence despite the insanity outside the mall. Here, you do not care when or who goes: what matters is how to go. <br /> <br /> What else is they saying? The movie is not scary. She has one or two "jump" scenes and she tries to make up for the rest with Gore and quite special effects. As a story it's really too busy to follow and the conflicts between the characters are too underdeveloped to save it. The humor is also reduced to a few one-liner covered (with a really good character: Andy). And what remains? An end that is clearly ridiculous and far inferior to embrace, inevitable ambiguity of the original film. But despite being a very bad movie (but not quite as bad as some other rumors), it should be remembered for one thing: it kicks off Christ's Passion from its number one spot in the box office. Well done zombie.
