This film is 'Hollywood'. It is based on a novel called 'Not too Narrow ?? Not too deep "by Richard Sale, which may or may not have been interesting; it would take research to find out! The story of the film takes for granted numerous incidents and many backgrounds that obviously existed in the novel, but no where to be seen in the movie, so either the movie was off violence or the scenario was a mess since the beginning. There is a millisecond of this movie that is remotely realistic, either in terms of event or character. The most well-known actors, Paul Lukas and Peter Lorre, are so under-utilized and wasted that there was no point in being in the movie of everything. They must have been cast into the mix in style which in one adds a sprinkling of chives to cut into an omelet, hopes that the taste will increase. The film is an attempt to propose a 'morality' story, and so corny that it is ridiculous. The story concerns some criminals do hard to prison in French Guiana who want to escape from the colonial French prison in a forests (many a hollywood jungle series, and a rubber snake). Of course there is to be a woman in the story, so Joan Crawford hams it up as a down-over-the-lone wave that for some reason become irresistible Clark Gable, one of the criminals escaped. Crawford in the jungle escape high-heeled shoes and keeps her cool makeup. Grab gib and grimace, and make expression to mawkish, her hair as it was, smirking and looking at everyone, which was her way of acting. It is difficult to treat such a character as a hardened criminal when it is still trying hard to be Clark Gable that surely he has no time left to be a thief. (Those who are seeking attention are not too busy to steal and without a job requiring NOT to see them.) The whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be considered as light entertainment. An attempt at religious and 'depth' is made by injecting into the mysteries of a mysterious 'messenger' who voluntarily walked into the prison and pretended to be a prisoner. It helps in the escape and accompanying all criminals and ministers of various deaths, helping them find 'peaceful' in the recent gases. This character plays very well by Ian Hunter, who is maintained at all times convincingly in secret knowledge, smiling enigmatically, making cryptic prophetic remarks, and having a small place to train on his face to give him a glow in the sky. The term is meant to be redemption. You might call it the Donald Duck version of 'Hollywood Goes Moral and Big'. For the real depth, the Hitchcock 'I confessed' in 1953 shows how it should really be done. In contrast, this piece of Trivial Trance story shows just how to make their place of significance in Tinsel Town, and that when they went to dig for something that could mean something, all they could come up with was, you guessed it, more flashlight.
