The author of many novels, plays, and short stories, W. Somerset Maugham (1874-1965) was considered among the great author of the world throughout his life, and although the reputation he had to change during his work years continue to issue critical respect and a great public reading. Published in 1944, THE RUSSIAN EDUCATION is the story of a World War II veteran whose search for enlightenment of spiritual enlightenment flies in the face of western valleys. She was the latest Maugham novelist - and she was extremely popular. Given that Roman novels are interested in spiritual and philosophical issues, it was also a very odd choice for a movie version - but Darryl F. Zannuck's 20th century Fox fell in love with the book and broke up the screen right shortly after publication. <br /> <br /> According to the movie, the rosé film was directed by George Cukor's legend from a scenario by Maugham himself - and it seems that Maugham wrote an adaptation. When the film came into production, however, Cukor was replaced by Edmund Goulding, a less-known director for artistic touch than a similar worker, and the Maugham script was replaced by one by Lamar Trotti, the author of scenario as memorable as obedient obedience. Tyrone Power, recently returned to military service during the Second World War, was cast like Larry Darrell spiritually conflict; Gene Tierney, one of the wonderful days of the era, was cast as Isabell Bradley's social. Thrust in support was particularly remarkable, including Herbert Marshall, Anne Baxter, Clifton Webb, Lucille Watson, and Elsa Lanchester. Both budgetary and shooting schedules were lavish, and when the movie debuted in 1946 he admired much by public and even criticisms. But there is a time to put things in perspective. Today, RAZOR's yard is indeed a very well-produced movie - but the absolute best of one can say it is that it achieves a fairly consistent mediocrity. As in most cases, the biggest problem is the script. Although it is reasonably near Roman Maugham in terms of draw, it is noticeably off the mark in terms of character and it completely fails to take the fundamental issues that drive the story. We've been told that Larry is in search of Enlightenment; we said he received it; We have said it acts on it - but in spite of the occasional and horrific superficial comment we never really said anything about the spiritual, artistic, philosophical, and intellectual processes behind any of it. We most not really say anything important about Enlightenment. It has the effect of cutting the tale of the knee. <br /> <br /> We left with the shell of Maugham's plot, which centers on the relationship between Larry and Isabell, a woman Larry loves, but left due to growing ideological riffs that open between them. Tyrone Power and Gene Tierney were more aware of physical beauty than talent, but both were able to turn into good performance when they received solid direct support and script. Unfortunately, this does not happen here; They are extremely one-note and power is plagued by boots. Fortunately, the support cast is quite good, with Herbert Marshall, Clifton Webb, and Lucille Watson particularly so; The most famous performance then by Anne Baxter, however, has not been torn as well as one would expect. <br /> With a long run in just under two and half an hour, the movie also feels unnecessary long. There are independent independent party-type drinks, and indeed India's whole sequence (which is as hilarious) it is best to cut off entirely - an odd situation, for this is the very sequence intended as the node the whole movie. Regardless of the specific scenario, it all just seems to go over and over there is no actual point. As for the DVD itself, the movie has not been remastered, but the printing is very good, and while the bonus package is not particularly memorable nor is noticeably poor. When all said and done, I gave RADER EDUCATION four stars for the production value and the willingness of everyone to take on the material - but honestly, this is a better movie that leaves power and fans of Tierney, who will enjoy it for the sake of the stars, and those who have ideas about spiritual enlightenment such as waves like the movie itself. <br /> GFT, Amazon Review
