And if Somerset Maugham wrote a novel about a coal miner who decided to search for transcendental evasion by attempting to join a country club? If he was, he could call it the Razor Edge, since Katha-Upanishad tells us, "The sharp corners of a razor is difficult to pass on, so the wise saying the way Salvation is difficult." But Maugham decided to stick with the well-bred class, and thus we have Darryl F. Zanuck's version of Larry Darrell, recently back from WWI, carefully groomed, well connected to society and determined to find himself not a coal mine. But as Maugham tells us, "This is the young man in whom I write .. It's not famous. It may be that when his last life reaches an end he will leave no more traces of his life, on this earth than a stone thrown into a river leaving on the surface of the water.But it may be that the road to life he chooses for himself can have a ever-growing influence, after his death , maybe it will realize that lived in that age a very remarkable creature. "<br /> <br /> Razor's Edge has all Zanuck's cultural tastes that money could buy. It is so reliable, so sincere ... So self-important. As Larry goes on to search for wisdom, working in mines, on merchant ships, climbing a Himalayan hill to learn from an ancient wise man, we have friends selfish girl, Isabel, Playing by Gene Tierney, her tragic children's play played by Anne Baxter, the girlfriend's snobbish and imperfectly clad shepherd played by Clifton Webb, and Willie Maugham himself, played by Herbert Marshall, to take notes. The movie is so obnoxious to jump over goodness that the only thing that benefits it up a bit is Clifton Webb as Elliot Templeton. "If I live for a hundred, I will never understand how a young man can come to Paris without clothes." Webb has some good lines, but we wind up appreciating Clifton Webb, by Elliot Templeton. Zanuck wanted a prestigious hit for the twentieth century when he bought the rights of Maugham's novel. He waited one year until Tyrone Power was released to military service. He made sure that they were well-dressed extra by dozens, a note that sounds like if he meant for a cathedral and even wrote some of the scenes himself. This effort is as self-conscious as a fat person wearing a rented tux. Despite seeing the Hollywood of things in the Razor Edge, I can tell you that for most people hard work does not bring Enlightenment, just fatigue and low pay. <br /> After nearly two-and-a-half hours, we've seen Larry carrying his duffle bag on board a tramp steamer in a gale. He will work his way back to America from Europe with a smile content on his face. "I love," Somerset Maugham said Isabel at the same time in a well-dressed salon, "Larry found that we all want and very few of us ever get .. I do not think anyone can fail to be better, and harder, kinder to know him .. you see, dear, goodness is after all the greatest force in the world ... and he's got it! "Larry and the audience both need a health dose of Dramamine. <br /> <br /> Maugham, to forget, was a fine writer of plays, novels, essays and short stories. To see how movies can make him justice, look at the way some of his short stories are carried on the screen of Encore, Trio and Quartet. And instead of wasting time with Larry Darrell, spend some time with Lawrence Durrell. Quartet in Alexandria is a good reading.
