The summer of 1979, then flicker was a staple on this new movie called HBO, was Summer Fuel and Iranian Summer Hostage Crisis. A change in attitude was about completing end-budget, lonely-on-the-air movie movie, although the "Smokey & Bandit" holding need-for-speed cops will be as an animated Roadrunner cartoon for a few more years. "Corvette Summer" is as original as any earlier movie as "Point Disappear" or "Mary Hall, Crazy Larry," if lighter & sexier than most. Just-graduate, high-tech engineering engineer Kenneth (Hamill) hitchhikes in Vegas in pursuit of the car riding ring that tore off its store's masterpiece, a super-custom, right-handed drive Vette. In the spiritual limbs in the desert I-15 (see "Fear & Loathing in Las Vegas") she gets into a custom wind (yes, this was the end of the cold wind, too) to deceive as a mobile bordello & drive By sassy, ​​aspiring Hooker Vanessa (Potts), on his way to Sin City to do it, well, whatever it is ambitious hookers do. Vanessa, get it? Shy, innocent Kenneth is in the way of herself in Vegas, with her only all-American resolution and her new friend to help her, although the hard-edged kid is less world-good adventure understood than it first looks. Why, in "age" age, Vanessa investes her talent, money & the finest oldest but profound professionally professionally, says, college or even hairdressers, can be explained by young men who would like to think that every woman at least consider the joys in this career path. Remember the target audience, right? Hamill is a good choice for Kenneth Whitebread (the car does not even belong to him personally but at his school), who will not be discouraged from his goals by violence, money or even love - until he finds out why The car really stolen. Potts acting with style & energy, but Vanessa is too incredible for any of the most credulous hand machines to buy at. The bad guys were surprisingly human, especially by James's still-fine Brion. But there are not many actions & this is not the kind of movie that can bring in drawn draw drawings or heavy themes. You might still get up, turn the TV call & plug in your "pong" or console. Similarly, but significant Chris Mitchum car "Stingray," which appeared at the same time, featured lamer hand but more skin, speed & destruction. The best features of each film might have been to produce a Vette film worth remembering. So, the Trans Am left in the castle-box office rules in the car's muscles. Another forgotten car film carried out by the death by the end of the "Speed ​​Channel" weekend, the Lost Drive.
