54 is a movie about a club with titles very in the environment of the 70s era. It features the classic bartender Bartender. The sexy brunettes. The owner is very powerful. The feast. When all interrupted interruption interval, and the bartender (played by Phillipe) seems to be in the touch of it all. <br /> I'm going to be as frustrating and honest as possible, also avoiding any outright injustice or invalid comment (like, it's a movie 'ok'). I really get it a completely complimentary film compliment by throwing it off to cast. Whenever I sit down to watch a movie cast Salma Hayek, I'm still waiting to see her beauty, radiantly expressing along with a great performance, but reality always reminds me quite abruptly how talentless she is. I mean, really, what has ever been mass eagles and, other than its towering dance dance at 'From Dawn' to Dawn '? The same goes for Ryan Phillippe, another poor actor who does not give anything to the screen, but looks good to her and inconspicuous though she was known as 'acting'. Mike Myers, is not quite as bad as these 2, he does at least give the movie something worthy. Play the foreclosure, co-founder of the 54 Club. The type that the majority watched would hate (so work well done) and put in a somewhat compelling performance that gave me fun fun in the flick . But alas, it's not enough to save the movie out of it in unlimited and unprecedented flat. Most my bad movie 'bad' find something taken in the movie, but that's nothing of it, really. Neve Campbell is not too bad, but it just 'has'. The scenario is dull, it appears that the writer was more inclined to make a movie in this style and decor and forget to add anything else. Any meaning. Any class. Anything at all. Because like most ornaments, they are just hollow similar objects, which are simply nice to look at, many analogues in the base of this disaster movie. <br /> <br /> Surely an hour and a half of time I could spend best doing something more interesting, like talking to 90-year-old family on the phone over the weather.
