If you hit your teens in the 70s, as I did, you probably remember the stories on Studio 54 whether you liked disco. An exclusive club, it was the perfect symbol of 70s cultural overindulgence and self-absorption; There is even an excellent VH1 documentary on the club that would tell you everything you wanted to know about its great day of glory, and the stories are easy to interesting enough to make a very fascinating movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this is not it. 54 follows life a few of its employees, a bartender called Shane (Ryan Phillippe), a busboy named Greg (Breckin Meyer), his wife, a girl dress-check, Anita (Selma Hayek), and of course the master in his own ceremony, Steve Rubell (Mike Meyers). While attending the club well represented, this movie worries itself more with the personal lives of workers, following Shane's nearest story. The movie works in spurts. Sometimes it captures perfectly doubt in the nightlife culture (such as when Shane is taken to a dinner party and does not know who 'Errol Flynt' is), and sometimes it's up to hokey melodrama. Some of the inherent in the quote ?? follow their subjects as they mix in the world of the rich and fabulous ?? but a lot of it is due to the kidney-gloved treatment with which both the club and the Rubell are given throughout the movie. While Rubell is certainly the electrified scene in New York and fighting for the over-the-top and exclusive hand-picking of the crowd every night, the rampant and sexual drugs are only briefly touched on; and Rubell himself, while its excessive mention, comes from the weird positive for a guy who was in life a liar, a scam, a drug addict, and promiscuous as hell. Not that I was looking for the man to be pilloried here, but his ego directly contributed to the fall of his club and diminished in the nightlife culture he helped to elevate. An ultimate scene where he gazes down in the regulars is patently so emotionally false as to be absent patent. <br /> <br /> Meyers does his best to take Rubell, but he's provided for little work and here it's surprising his performance is effective; but it's good, and it helps to cast the film's ink. Philippe, whom I find generally to be a good actor, is paralyzed here by the sidewalk and the sort of character; It was limited to a smile-in-the-large smile lamp or a frown uncomprehending frown, and even it can not translate into a strong performance. Hayek and Meyer are both okay, again, off by the writing, and Neve Campbell ?? featured featured on the DVD cover ?? appears so briefly it really has a prolonged call. <br /> For some reason I always find myself interested, even fascinated, by popular culture in the second half of the seventies. But even so, this is not a movie that particularly engages me, despite a predisposition to love it. I would say if that era, or club, have any interest for you, follow down the special VH1 rather than this medium-of-the-way melodrama.
