On his face, Ruiz has set out to make a psychological thriller. Although it is not as satisfying as a classic piece of genre, there is compensation. The tensions produced between Huppert and Balibar as women calm, but compulsory in war on both boys are both convincing claims; However, in a true European art-style art, Ruiz does not give us this tension as the women alternately also try to behave compassion to one another. The only raised vote is that in Huppert's wake from a nightmare (an irrational uncontested event in the movie). <br /> <br /> In fact, if we follow the title, the movie is as little on its suspense skeleton as Jane Kanion's cut. Instead it is an intergender psychological study focusing on men. The boy, Camille (Nils Hugon), decided on a practice joke, playing his mother against another emotional fraudulent woman. Both women seem to harass him rather than reprimand this problem. In the background is an impressive psychologist (Charles Berling), quick to confront the women in his life - his sister Huppert, the newspaper or by him - and thus acts as a symbolic adult counterbalance, the calm and (we learn) manipulative Camille. It is particularly interesting that, like the father of Henry James 'turn of the Screw, Denis Podalydes' law-enforcing dad is absent for the duration of the film. Ruiz mods an occasional time from Huppert's reaction to returning to the film. <br /> It's either a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this movie is finally rather irritating. I'm officially instead fed up with Mme Huppert's screen method, which is too buried and so I will look to see her on stage before I come back to her (European - Enjoyed in the Sky Gate) movie again . The support is good. Ruiz is cast by grace though. Some apart from some poor lighting and some odd odd shots, it's as if his direction left characterization quite out of reach - I think particularly of Shamanic's brother Edith Scob's brother, who acts knowingly communicating bafflemaking. The pieces are set by links to a forward drive scheme - the tension I have already referred to is not only weak followers, but wasting its potential direction. Want to see a contemporary contemporary French contemporary? Go and see L'Apartment rather. 4/10
