Note self-just because a movie is alien, obscure, and star Catherine Zeta-Jones does not mean it's any good. These are the case with 'Blue Juice,' a British 1995 flick on an easy group of browsing enthusiasts in what would look like (in a mute American, anyway) an easier place to find surfers: Cornwall, England. You might think this has the marketing for a fun, little funny little. If only. The film is just a bit about ninety minutes but it seems unmatched. The easiest way to describe it is as a sort of 'British version of' 90 'without dancing, but even makes it sound better than it is. No, the best way to take it is as a little slick-of-life set in a small town. Catherine Zeta-Jones plays Chloe, a young woman living with a browsing instructor, JC (Sean Pertwee; you remember her). Pertwee is actually the movie star, and his character is something of a navigation slogan in a small group of browsers devotees, the oddball band requiring free spirit that inevitably lives movie like this. In this case, it consists of a drug dealer who wants to have a journalist, an old nightclub dj who wants to have a record producer, and a guy fat guy who, in a prolonged prolonged scene, gets stoned and loses all to prevent him They of course turn out to be the best thing that ever happened to him. I can not honestly say everything that's going on in 'Blue Juice' is predictable, since it's put in a place and reflects customs and behaviors I'm not very familiar with, but there's certainly nothing surprising or even interesting to take place or the characters. The comedy, though, is very predictable and tired. One can understand the put-ups a mile away and almost recite the dialogue (in the form of American, of course) before the actors do. The relationship between JC and Chloe is every bit as renowned. He wants it to grow; He wants them to remain young to accept they started out. She is afraid to lose her face and gang; He thinks he prefers them. You get the idea. As I struggled to concentrate on 'Blue Juice,' toward the end I felt, as she said goes, that this was an hour and a half in my life I would never get back.
