About five minutes, and I saw this place being titled. Bunch of high school children are harassed by the school administration and thinking of rebellion begins fictionally. I told my girlfriend: if she gets below a 5 on IMDb, I'll go and read a book. He got 5.0, so he took my head off watching. What are the good things? Well, it's a good thing this movie does not have a story, because you would surely be distracted from it by the editing. It's like the design of the student who was torn up by one of the teachers, the foot for this film was cut into a wild accident involving a grinder, and left half the destroyed stock, and half of the other two-second complex Bits. Even in a ten-second scene of local TV news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. Then there are mountings. These are all set to electronic music, which warns you of another installation, so that as Dog Pavlov you start cringing every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. Oh, I was supposed to say good about this movie. Well, the shot shot was beautiful, with a beautiful color palette, which nicely matched the emotional content - as there was - in the scenes. Well, now with the biggest flaws of the movie, and it was not the story, or lack thereof. The principal has made that fatal mistakes of leading you lose on people and situations, not by intelligent stories, but by being very selective about what they show on their main characters. It's just copied. I guess he did it in order to make the central character more likable. But it just became annoying. If the story is all holes, it's not good trying to patch it up by misdirecting the viewer. And often there was not even any point in it. Then finish. Basically, the main villain of peace turns out to be an okay guy, if a loose. Plus it turns out that seemed to be the whole point of the movie, that you should stand up for a cause just about himself, not to mention the already mentioned, and make it to a point on the nature of revolution, which was already done, and better, not farm animals. He committed all I called Bill Cosby's sin: no matter how things may look at first, at the end of the adult always right, and children are always wrong. And let's face it: unless you're mine, that's just not true.
