Sammy Horn (Michael Des Barres) is the top chef and owner of a famous restaurant in California. He has a beautiful wife, Grace Horn (Rosanna Arquette), who is pregnant, and a beautiful five-year-old son. Sammy really loves her family, but like Dr. Jeckyll and Mr. Hyde, she has a double life, having sex with many different women. Dr. Jane Bordeaux (Nastassja Kinski) tries to help her. OK, it's my fault: I read summary of other IMDB user comments, I saw IMDB user rating, but I really did not believe that Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski could participate in such a bad movie. I decided to check it, and actually some comments are very satisfactory. The scenario, the scenario and the dialogs are so funny and ridiculous that even in some X-rated movies we can find more intelligent stories. The photograph is so amateur and naive that in some parts it seems to be taking in a VHS camcorder. Michael Des Barres does not have the ridiculous sense: being an old man, bald, should be acceptable in an advertisement of Viagra or grandfather of the little boy. But as an attractive man who gets and having sex with any woman, she is scared. In the Wood Allen comedy, maybe he has a chance, but in a 'serious' movie, it is funny. I'm trying to figure out why or how Rosanna Arquette and Nastassja Kinski accepted to participate in such films as horrible, amateur and garbage. Do they need money? Lack of luck in the best movie due to their age? Are they friends of the director (sorry to use this word) and decide to help and encourage him? I do not know if the intent of Rosanna Arquette has shown her breast full of silicone, but it is acceptable that such a great actress accepts such a script. The same applies to the gorgeous Nastassja Kinki. It features fat, without makeup, without any glamor. A total lack of respect and one of the most beautiful actresses in the cinema history. A fact is really intriguing to me: how does a reader, without any personal interest, encourage this garbage, give higher ratings or write favorable comments on this movie? Are they friends of the director (again, I use this word ...) or throw in? It sounds very strange to me that a normal IMDB reader may like a movie. My vote is two. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Viciado Em Sexo" ("Sex Addiction")
