This movie trashy B tries to masquerade as a study on sexual addiction, but it is really a poor excuse for a sexual filmmaking. The story revolves around Sammy Horn (subtle name) played by Michael Des Barres. Sammy is a restaurant owner with a wife of clueless wife (Rosanna Arquette) and a toddler. She has a sexual addiction and needs to have sex every five minutes and any woman in her field of vision will agree (and of course all women on the planet find it irresistible despite the fact that it looks old enough to be collect Social Security). <br /> <br /> The story is centered on a conversation with her therapist (Nastassja Kinski) where she describes each of her sexual exploits via flashback. This is nothing more than a point launching practice for a parade of serious sex acts, which consumes at least 75% of the time screen. It's hard to know where to start criticizing a movie this bad one. Their production value is wrong. The movie is shot on video with a look somewhere between a TV soap opera (at best) and an amateur movie movie amateur in a garage. Direction by Joseph Brutsman is terrible with bad lighting, uninspired framing and poor direction actor. Scripts are stupid and dialogue dialogue with vulgar. Women generally describe as normally nmphomaniacs sex just waiting for an addict like Sammy coming along with the rough up while feeding from the insatiable and some impersonal copulation. As an example, Grace's sister came to Sammy to inform Sammy that he knew he was sleeping around and that he would tell his wife. His answer is to throw it against the wall and begin to break it. Approximately three seconds in it has an epiphany and is immediately converted to one of his sister followers asking him to read more. As Grace finishes, she says, "Oh, great, you've got to go to Timmy's collection and mummy in Sammy's endeavor." They have been sealed in loyalty with a good bankruptcy. shake here because it is so typical of the obvious nature of the movie that anyone who saw fifteen minutes at first could predict it. <br /> <br /> The dreams of having sex are all over, mechanical, and so badly simulation that they are more funny than erotic .Most of them do with both the participants completely dressed. The act is miserable Michael Des Barres presents all the depth of a puddle of rainwater. and the profanity of sex parties, but when it comes to actually acting with Arquette and Kinski, he is prescribed. Rosanna Arquette is the closest thing to an actor in this film, which provides a bearable and really painful performance when she finally discovered that her perfect husband is a lecherous creature. Nastassja Kinski is far too compassionate as the therapist, m At least we have some kind of act here. The rest of the cast is just a collection of high-duplicate collections that are given provoking line thinking like `striking me harder, is that the best you can do? ' and 'Oh, God ?? Yes'. This movie is among the worst I've ever seen, a dubious distinction to the thousands of movie I've seen. I gave him the very rare annoyance of his rating 1/10. Can not be seen within three hours of any meal.
