You can not deny that we have an opportunity for speed. That's why movies like Fast and the Furious, Dhoom, Rempit get made to play satisfaction in hearing, especially local people. We live on a small island, and I can not understand why, for the relative effectiveness of the transit system, most of us want to get into debt by never having a set of wheels that come with 100% taxes when they arrive at our shores , and the Month of Tax and Bills pay when operating one. Not only that, the high-tech sports cars were once clawed by an important politician up the north that they would never reach the fourth gear, to reach the sea. <br /> And this movie is relatively easy to do. Hot wheels and hot chicks still go down well in targeting the demographic needs. For once, these sticky hangovers exhibit unearthly buxom and short skirts accentuated feet from long masters, can not compete with the attention of those who are beautifully curated by exotic cars owned by such movies. Of course, amongst us (ahem) people who go for sexist are shown in women as sexual objects only (otherwise explain why motor shows comes with trucks in models, and movies like these can not do without a leggy pattern in a frame) , however, they do not guarantee the type of collective orgasmic collective each time the four wheelers come on screen, even when they do exactly nothing and have the gears at Park. The guy is sitting next to me, I swear it wet his pants every time his dream car (s) appears, and his pants cream even more when he hears the grim motors moaning. So there we have it, the boys boys who have come back in droves just to watch which of the latest cool cars to get featured in the movie. With the Fast Franchise and the franchise, the Japanese models like the Evos and Skylines are taken centerstage, as well as making the GT. Here, the Ford GT takes on an excellent fog modifying facade, which I am impressed, along with the latest models like Ferrari Enzos, Porshe Carerra GTs, Koenigsegg CCXs, and all the cars out there with wings for doors. But seriously, my heart goes out of the cars whenever they are mercilessly ruined only for entertainment. I mean, this is perfectly fine, high performance models in the engine's speed, but again because those who have funded the movie had millions to blow, because they can, <br /> There are no story of Redline, just the excuse to put together a full movie of the beautiful (cars that are) that can rip down the Tarmac in probably most boring in possible mode, and with the usual shots of pedals (still the accelerator, yourself, tapping the pedal brake is tantamount to blasphemy, and earning you no respect), steering wheel, gear gears (always shifting up and not down), all these while the actors make their pretend They will bomb them baddest with a motor, snarling and give each other look like dirty. Not a very high order for an actor, and that's why we get the most blind performance ever, and the lines seem to be elementary elementary. The heroine (yes, she made a statement that girl can drive) Natasha (a very plasticky looking Nadia Bjorlin) is one of these million findings - a girl whose model looks like not mind getting down on four and The oil bath, which has racing pedigree in it, and does with a song band singing songs and lyrics that just plain ridiculous (each line made with cars, and when singing on love, just had string these innuendos such as moving gears roots, lubricants and go for rides). Featuring his will in illegal racing by a gangsta called Edom (Eddie Griffin), he draws to family crimes involving a Leo DiCaprio lookalike Iraq war veteran, with some lucky ones looking rich uncle. Everything else, as I said, just serves as an excuse for the movie going to race in race. <br /> And it's almost always the same, as it's very limited to what you can do to increase tension between race cars, especially when you know the race is rigged (for narrative reasons) and can see the result Race a kilometer away from the finish line. While Fast and Furious had quite charismatic actors, and I will put myself on the chopping block by naming Paul Walker, Sun Kang, and of course, the star he created - Vin Diesel, Redline was no, just cute deal with much when unfortunately. It looks like a TV movie in its treatment from going off, with a very insulting opening sequence where it's one person, a car, and a 105 minute race against time to get to Vegas. <br /> <br /> for the cars, then this movie is badly a piece of junk, and bad acting, bad lines and bad actions. Strictly for the car fans, or those who love the movies and countless of cute bevy that pimp their bodies without any talk line.
