There is a scene from this film in about the minute 42 marks that are among the worst I've seen in some time. Just as F. Scott Fitzgerald (Gregory Peck) and Sheilah Graham (Deborah Kerr) are lounging on the beach, suddenly things get tense and Sheilah starts crying - to what extent she says to her lover over past sordid. This "dramatic scene" has become so terribly excessive and histrionic I could not help but turn to my wife and except how stupid it all was ... as dramatic music fluttered on the TV as it all came in a crescendo phony. NO ONE moments experience like this - no one. Now, how much of the rest of the movie is true, I can not say, but the particular moment was sadly bad and as false as a $ 8 Rolex - and driven me to assume that some of the other reviews was incorrect - the movie is a lot of bunk. However, I'm not an expert on the life of people and the internet did not seem to clear this up, either. <br /> Just who was F. Scott Fitzgerald and Sheilah Graham and what was their relationship really like? What I know about Fitzgerald, however, seems different from what I've seen in the movie. Was it the demon and the decent people we initially saw in the movie? Well, considering she was married at the same time she carried on with Graham and drank like a fish, I would assume she did not. Was it as obnoxious and brushed as we later saw in the movie? Maybe, but if it was this bad and yet Ms. Graham was staying with her, then this made it out to be a complete fool - and not a person you would like to see featured in a movie. And if he did not, then the movie made a bad poor memory. Either way, he did for a painful and not particularly pleasant look. <br /> <br /> The sum of this movie appears to be a story of two not particularly likable or human health. In a dark way and salary, some can find this all very fun, but most are sure to see this as a wreck train with no surprises along the way! Unpleasant but with brilliant production value (especially the music, which was beautiful but the way to the top) it begs the question "why did they even choose to do this in the first place?". The bottom line - it's a very bad movie all around and probably not worth your time - though, like me, you are the big fan of Gregory Peck.
