This is a bigger movie budget than usual for genre director Honda (with more elaborate elaborate devices) ?? even though the special effects always have these different cheeses (witnessing the giant rods and rats on display). She also uses a surprising number of American actors: Joseph Cotten plays the visionary scientist looks ill-at ease with vulnerable (but then his character is supposed to be 204 years old!), An impartial Richard Jaeckel is the photographer heroes They will, as the ruler of evil, find Cesar Romero and Patricia Medina (both essentially farmer). As I often said, I grew up watching English-language films called in Italian ?? but to hear Hollywood actor in Japanese is another thing entirely! <br /> <br /> LATITUDE ZERO feels like a juvenile version of a typical Jules Verne adventure, and it is fun to play on this level; Indeed, it is preferable to Honda's low-friction variation on the monsters-on-rampage formula because of the inherent charm of the choice of the set-up in this case. The plot involves kidnapping of a famous scientist by Romero ?? He intended to establish himself in the underwater city, advanced technology invented by Cotten (who were the world's deepest spirits being recruited). We treat in many funny fights between rivals, but the most entertaining scenes are certainly the attack on Romero's cave ?? In fact, Cotten does somersaults and split into rubber suits (via flames and laser emits in his glove!) must surely count as the nadir in his acting career; other seniors at the disposal, Romero, is more of his element ?? After all, it was the Joker of the BATMAN TV series and films in the 1960s! Cotten has a blonde scantily-blond doctor in his team, and is assisted by an associate hulking; Romero, on the other hand, is surrounded by a fatal oriental femme ?? who, however, ends up finding a raw deal for his effort (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted to a hybrid of lions and condor who is among the phoniest-looking animals you've ever seen! ). Apparently, a 2-disc set in this one from Media Street Blasters to this very day !!
