The main reason why people are still busy on "Carlton-Browne's F.O." is that it features Peter Sellers in a second-billing role. But watching this movie to see Peter Sellers is a mistake. Sellers play Amphibulos, a vaguely reptilian prime minister of the nation dirt island of Gaillardia, formerly a British colony, now hosting a lot of Russia's shovels during the Cold War's height. Amphibulos want to play both U.K. and Soviet interests against each other for easy profit, "everything is very friendly with all our cards under the table". Terry-Thomas is the title character, a diplomatic British diplomat worried to show Gaillardia that Britain does not forget, all the onset of the contrary. A positive review here says: "The purpose of this film is to consider as the average is because the comedian is understated." I would argue that the reasons "Carlton-Browne" are considered as the average bottom is because the non-comedy -inxistant. <br /> After a decent opening that established only two films of film, a senpatly doltish Terry-Thomas and Mark Addison's full lark, things are quickly slowed into a series of slow burning and jokes miscommunication jokes. The bar of Carlton-Browne by his boss and obscures in Gaillardia (which no one can find on a map) is the letter of death. Since we actually came to the island (after a series of works of airsick jokes), the expectations are quite low. They are still too high, though. The island itself, which seems to exist either in Latin America or the Mediterranean, is so particularly honorary to its guard at the airport, and stands in review falling apart in the middle of a parade. The army is apparently still sketch, allowing for another gang oral joke by a thick-accent announcement: "In war, the army uses many horses." Sellers never smell at the scene when we're on the island's character. The plot was taken over instead by Ian Bannen as King Loris, who inherited the throne of Gaillardia after his father's murder. She is dull and play her part as straightforward as she writes. Normally this would make him the target likely to be stolen by Sellers, but trapped behind a thick accent with fake whiskers, Sellers is only a threat to those of us who remember him far more happily in Two other films made this same year, "The Roary Mouse" and "I'm All Right, Jack." Stranger that this movie, like "Jack", was a producing boulting brother, and Roy Boulting here serves as co-directors along Jeffrey Dell. Usually, filters Boulting combines bad satire social and comedy-none, but here there are only jabs of leaf in any direction. Amphibulos works his mangled-angle notice for all its value ("this man is like, how you say, the bull of the Chinese ship") while Carlton-Browne is generally ragged on his superiority more than it looks worthy. <br /> <br /> The weakest and most extended element of the film is Loris's romance in romance and Ilyena. Score one point to play by ravishing Luciana Paluzzi, one pier for the fact that they apparently cousins ​​never addressed. The movie winds up with a scene revolution whose surprise surprise resolution has no one, and somewhat final in action by Carlton-Browne who would seem to pin the cover on his coffin literally. Apparently he lives to see another day, but the same movie is forbidden by DOA.
