This film, though officially a comedy, is very dangerous. His subject is Imperialism (with my capital): how Britain, crazy, humiliating, trying to convince himself that it is still a great power after the Second World War. In the house, the empire is running with dolly, charming adviser who has great regard that they can not distinguish close relatives; The offices of Government consist of long-forgotten archives (a dig of Orwellian paranoia?), Inhabited by indulgent rats, and haunted rooms where bored plots, popular novel readings .. Abroad, Britain stuck in old pomp; but pomp out of context seems filbar and dummy, especially when incorporated it into bumbling twits. Carlton-Browne is an incendiary picture of decline, and none of the roses in glasses that blend the supposedly anti-imperialist jewelry to the Crown. The movie is also about the Cold War, guts admit that it's a dangerous harm, whose participants deserve to struggle with contempt, do not be afraid and respectful. It is about how colonialism, characterized more by negligence than tyranny, destroying the colonies it deserts, robbing them of equipment, power, and, most importantly, self-respect, leaving them vulnerable to machinations of harmful cowboys. / The gravity, of course, is to kill it. This does not mean that heavy subjects can not be treated in comedy - the Miracle of Morgan Creek, Dr. Strangelove and the life of Brian have all proven that. Indeed, one might suggest that serious terms should be treated only by comedy - it allows for a clear-eyed view. <br /> <br /> The problem with Carlton-Browne is that all situations must have a meaning beyond the merely funny, so that it gets weighed down with unfunny. In the three films mentioned above, much of the comedy occurs from character reaction to an extreme situation, not the extreme situation itself. Here, the script is too poor to support character characters, and some of the greatest comedy novels ever assembled - Peter Sellers, Terry-Thomas, Raymond Huntley and John le Mesurier - are criminally wasted. <br /> Terry -Thomas, so sublime so often, shows that he could not touch party lead, and that he needs to play sneering, arbitrary boundaries, not brainless toffs. Music is made to bring much to the comedy, but its heavy irony only draws attention to the lack of screenplays. (To be fair, unlike the majority of British comedies in the period, which were stagiated and underproduced, the tapings often attempt to make the point of film itself, not montage and composition) Only Huntley managed to raise genuine laughs, and that By essaying a character he could have played in his sleep. <br /> <br /> None of the dumplings have been thoroughly well - they never think enough. Although Carlton-Browne revels in the Empire's decline, it also looks anti-democratic and militarist. I'm sure this was not intended, but these mistakes are bound to happen if you intend to deserve to take pride on funny intelligence and movie form.
