You may want to know before I'm not a Mormon, unlike a good number of people who have already reviewed this movie. I mention this so you will understand that the way I look at the movie can be very different from people in faith. For some, the film's criticisms have been seen as being critical of faith - and that's not my intention. So my review is that in an outsider trying to look inside and learn more about who this person and his person was. Well, after seeing the film, I doubt if I learned a lot at all. Since I was a story teacher, I have a good basic understanding of Young as well as Joseph Smith as well as the teachings of the Church. But anyone who wants to see this movie really learn anything will probably be ashamed because the movie looks so gosh-darn beautiful - too beautiful and too unrealistic in its painting. Plus, you learn practically nothing about the church's beliefs other than they are beautiful people, hard work and some have so many wives (and this latter part is barely the hint of the movie). Instead, people are almost the lowest-costume cartoon in their simplistic paints. Joseph Smith and Brigham Young and the followers are angels, the names of Mormon were all the spirits and Brian Donlevy (playing exactly the role of Edward G. Robinson later played in the DEMANDANS) is the maker's problem that claims to be a Mormon Hand just come together so the movie can be a bad guy. It's all very simple .... too simple. Almost like an indoctrination or infomercial film. <br /> <br /> Brigham Young was especially a very complex man - with many good points (an excellent and visionary organizer) as well as bad (not even getting me started on his opinion on Black at the church or girlfriend li). To show him in these vague terms is just plain unusual. It's also a lot like how Gandhi was portrayed in the movie with Ben Kingsley - only making that led to being almost super-human being emphasized. Heck, now that I think about that, this is the problem with the most religious film - they often come on as a dimensional, trite and bland. Let's have a full and fuller movie of these guys - one that will stick to reality and not emotional appeals. <br /> Now, if you can ignore the fact that you will not learn a lot about the faith or its second leader, the film is enjoyable enough. Obviously someone in the 20th-century Fox-really cared about the movie, as they had a wonderful cast of both actors prime ministers (Tyrone Power), up and coming actors (Linda Darnell, Jane Darwell and Vincent Price) and wonderful character actors (Dean Jagger, John Carradine and Brian Donlevy). The movie also has wonderful scenes where shooting and luster. It just did not have much to tell us other than they all had "swollen." Plus, there were many real errors and a few just plain dumb scenes. A few of the errors include Young taking on the helmet immediately after the death of Joseph Smith (it was three years later), there is no mention of the various Mormon confessions and heated groups, speaking of "Gold in California" - though It was 1847 and gold should not be discovered until 1948, as well as not specifically mentioned in Smith's many polygamy or wives. Just clear scene scenes include Carradine pulling a gun and lifting it on to the court scene - and no one seemed to care - even though it was a very hostile audience! Do you think at least the judge would say he put it away and stop threatening people with it ?! One final comment. No, I repeat, do not watch this film when it shows American classical film (one big station that has been shedding much in recent years). While I'm critical of the movie because of its simplistic message, I was fears and the full lack of the station was for the church and its traditions. What I mean is that. The film was punctuated with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some advertising a show that features the "sexually cast"). Speaking about disrespectful and gross and I should be as they are offended if they did this for any other religious film. By doing this, they do not just insult faith but marginalise their markets - after all, who's heard about these things and the life of Brigham Young? Is this a movie, in this form, that you can show your children or recommend to others?!
