Nahhh! Leila (Grace Mills) is a teenager turning to Satan (and LSD) by Richard Archaeologist. There is a hippie devil culture in the outskirts of the former local castle, where Leila and Richard drink blood, drug drop, joining sex orgies, dancing for psychedelic rock survivors and participating in black mass ceremonies The men wear pants, masks and men and women do not wear anything at all. Unfortunately, these kinds of activities are not in the curriculum leaving Leila open to demonic possession from the "evil spirit" daunting. Leila also comes from a family up, who does not help either. John, his older brother, is a resource similar to his love. Her mother Patricia (Maria Perschy) is depressed because she thinks she was responsible for her father's death. At her head off, her sister (Maria Kosti) is a slutty semi pro golf call (gasp!) Debbie Gibson. There are plenty of help to hire around in garbage more time. Two maids (a young man who takes his clothes on a lot with an old one that spies on everyone), plus Udo (Luis Induni), a cosmetic cosmetic voyeurist who spies on Leila to change clothes, take nude pictures of read and sneaks into the pool home to take a snack in his bathing suits suit. Oh yeah and Borg, the German Shepherd pets. Paul Naschy is Father Adrian Dunning, the doubtful priest (zzzzz) who starts snooping around after John and Richard both have their heads twisted around backwards. Leila tells her "They say I'm bad and I'll prove it is true!" During her birthday party, she told her "You make me sick! I hate you all!" and when mom suggests that a doctor comes over it she screeches "I do not want to see that fat ass!" Debbie suggests to commit Leila to a "sanitation," but Leila ran and joined the cult again. It is saved (again) and bring back home (for the third time). At this point in the movie, there are only ten minutes left to go and all of us have basically seen are some very boring scenes of characters talking and shining about how horrible and fed up their lives is and how Leila will be acting strange. It's almost as agonizing to sit in as an Andy Milligan movie, the less gor and laugh. But ultimately for the past few minutes we get the movie titled implicit - an explicit-like flick of possession. Unfortunately, the best part of it is Leila's contact lens to wear. There are some cheap time-unbalanced bars that appear on his wrist, legs and face, he gets scabby mouth and his eyes take on the appearance of blue and white marbles. He starts reeking in rotten meat, spits up some clear left, begins to speak in his father's dead voice, sneaks into his mother's bedroom, hits him around a bit and calls him a "bitch of a whore." In coming Papa Adrian, who now ultimately believes that she is indeed possessed, exceeds her attempts at seduction, alisinats to frogs and the eels in the kitchen and sweet Leila and holy water. The doors are open and closed, a crushed glass, there are thunderstorms and beds lift up the floor. After it tackles the dunning and roll down the stairs, the spirit is out of it and in - guess who? Why, Borg's family hog! Dog's dog then turns on Adrian and grinds him up a little before he scrubs it on a fire poker. Then we get one of the most irritating final shots ever engaged in film. She is Leila on the floor going out of her horrible appearance back into her normal sexy head. But then there's another-effect effect that sort of seems to suggest that the devil was perhaps innocuous. It's so badly done, you really have no signs of doing it, which is the final slap in the face of anyone who just realized they had been wasting an hour and a half on this worth noting. /> Visas contacts, 1 out of 10.
