I kind of feel like a genius; I feel like I'm the only one who has seen in this fake movie. I watched it three times, once with Book, and I found myself getting annoyed in all the shut-ups, all the screen times just black out, and worst of all, I feel the movie never really solved anything. Yes, the priest dies, but he does not really look at peace with the city that has given him sorrow, or with himself. That was a fool. If it was not for the comment by Peter Cowie who explained not only the movie but the book it came from, I would not be able to abolish it at all. I enjoy French movies, but this one is completely absurd. Newspaper in a Country Lander is filmed in beautiful black and white photographs, which alone can not save this very dangerous intestine. Scene after extreme close-ups where characters do not say anything until the camera cut away and go to a black out NOT make an interesting or important story. How this movie has ever become a classic is boggling idea: it reminds me more of New Emperor's clothing. <br /> <br /> Yes, Claude Laydu's performance is sincere and thoughtful to rub, if you are a sadist, but this movie leaves me feeling empty because in general it is a weak impression of the Catholic priesthood is an institution that ignores and inglorious in corruption. The principal young priest on pride counts is a weak scene, but 90% of the movie will drag you down with its quiet introspection and window into young sad teenage thoughts. This priest does not come across so many hobbies as he does just plain. <br /> <br /> When I do not speak or understand French I was looking forward to doing the subtitle subtitles to help understand the movie. Well, SUBTITLE English is at times impossible to see / read and the text rolls by quickly that there were so many I could not read (and I'm not a reader particularly slowly - I just finished Dostoyevsky in 3 days). <br /> I really wanted to like this movie. I try out everything "selected" by the Criteria Collection, and yet can not see why in many ways this one deserves some sort of nod. However, I have been sitting in this second ever movie two years feeling some sort of sympathy for the main character, and never materialized. It just seemed like a victim rather than a fighter. And for that, I say it stunk.
