... You can not exactly push him out of the way, because he was old; and if you were being charitable you could say that the harmful issue he embraced and is not really his fault. But in such circumstances it is often difficult not to become irritated when you find yourself dragging your heels in his wake. So it is with the "Pallbearer", an attempt to do something 'different' and a romantic comedy that way is primarily paralyzed because the venue is all wrong; sort of like the show 'breakdancing' skills in funeral grandparents. <br /> <br /> For more extending the metaphor (perhaps unwisely!); As the old lady, one begins to feel and set up in the movie that breaks it can not be far. Insure enough, this particular death is agonizingly protracted, gently chipping away from our supply of sympathy to little little increase, such as depressingly we come to the realization that the procedures are only directed in one direction: down. His work attempts at 'humor' can be seen coming a mile off - again, not unlike the inevitable disgust of death! <br /> <br /> Back once again in the image of 'drag heels, the main character, Tom, is shown constantly to repeat this action throughout his life. If there is indeed the degree of 'pathetic', then this is perhaps a good few dangles ahead of the other float - the most popular - role. To find himself in the awkward position of aligning audience sympathy with an even more 'clueless' character than Ross is certainly a tough demand for even as 'able' a comic scene as Schwimmer, but I guess he can find fault with himself to sign up in some 'echo' situations seriously in the first place. How will it ever escape his famous painting if he chooses scripts where the characters could be almost 'replaced', even if the situation did not? A man who has a long high school break on someone he has not seen for years. Sounds familiar ...? Paltrow is nothing else if it is not bland in Rachel's role, but all this will be on old grounds might possibly be forgiven if their present presence dissected was not so negligence as well. Unfortunately, the romantic element is so well-torn in filbar, and the 'series' is so inappropriate that it looks the best way to describe the resultant movie is as something of a 'stiff' ...! 2/10.
