"A City Called Hell" (aka "A Town Caller"), a British / Spanish co-production, made on the heels of Clint Eastwood's success in the Italian made "Man With Name No" trilogy. Models used in most of these films have been hired by American actors, whose careers have been largely in decline and their voice dub. This film is no exception except for the fact that some British actors have also been used. <br /> It's hard to summarize the scheme, but here's gone. The story is open and rebel or whatever, led by Robert Shaw and Marine Landau invaded a church and killed everyone inside, including the priest. Fast forward to the city subject a few years later where the Shaw character is masquerading as a priest. The Mayor of the City (Telly Savalas) is a brutal leader who thinks nothing has to master his justice and weapons. <br /> <br /> Throw in the mix a Alvira traveler traveler (Stella Stevens) who seeks her husband killer. Add to this the fact that it rides around to a deceased person as in a casket for God to know why. After the mayor was assassinated by La Bomba (Al Lettieri) henchman, the city was invaded by a federal colonel (Landau) in search of a rebel leader (sorry but the name saved me). The colonel takes over the city and begins to conclude executing the township to force them to reveal the identity of the leader. Even though they open the movie side by side, its hard to say in the dialogue that Landau and chore characters know each other. A blind man (Fernando Rey) claims he can identify the rebel leader by touching his face. He does this with .............................................. I'm sure the principals are sorry to make this movie. It's just awful and well worth the deepening of my "1" rating. Shaw spent most of the movie set up his trademark set in any handy person. Even Landau can not wild this movie. The beautiful Mrs. Stevens is totally wasted here too. Having just made Peckinpah in the "Ballad of Wagon Hogue" the previous year, I found it odd that it would appear in this mess in a movie. Savalas made several of these photos, ("Pancho Villa" and "Horror Express" come in mind) during his pre-Kojak period.Michael Craig is also in it somewhere as a character called "Paco". Fernando Rey looks at many of these "westerns" although it would exit to play the villain in the two French "Movie Connections". Al Lettieri might also appear with a role in "The Godfather" (1972) and going to other memorable roles before his death in 1975. In all of the justice, the version I watched was running only 88 minutes rather than the long running time In 95 or 97 minutes listed on IMDb, however I can not see where an extra 7 or 8 minute would make a lot of difference. <br /> Avoid this one.
