This British-Hispanic co-production is one of the countless films shot in Spain in the wake of the unexpected phenomena phenomenon by the Italian "Spaghetti" Western, and, as is typical of such genre efforts, features a variety of eclectics in Established and Emerging International Sites: Robert Shaw, Telly Savalas, Stella Stevens, Martin Landau, Fernando Rey, Michael Craig, Al Lettieri, Dudley Sutton, Antonio Mayans, etc. Ironically, however, this incoherent disorder in a movie serves as a dazzling example as to why most American films have become a dead crossword in the 1970s and is nowadays practically (or is officially?) Disappeared. <br /> I really wanted to like this movie, not only because the West is one of my favorite movies in movies but also because it has all the sorts, including an intriguing site, Be a good one - not to mention the fact that my father bought a paperback edition of the novel A TOWN CALLED BASTARD's novel after its original religious ease! As is the case, the only virtuous film (if, indeed, it can even call it) is its absolute empire: for example, Stevens, playing a widow out for revenge on the man who betray her revolutionary husband, sleep inside a Curtain (!) drive around in a carriage by his mummy (?) Sutton; Savalas, as a blood-thirsty renegade, who first appears to be the main movie cruiser, is unceremoniously sent by his own Lettieri early in the photo; The villain of the piece, then turns out to be Landau, who, at the very first stage of the film, is seen side-by-side-side legends the hero-turn-shaw priest! Fernando Rey, playing a peasant blind, is the only one that can identify rebellious Shaw who, in the end, turned out to be merely a front for ... well, nevermind! As you can see, the plot is very confusing and it becomes stranger from there! The production team responsible for this film was also behind other Western fare in the same period of time, including the 19th Century River Basin (1971), CAPTAIN APACHE (1971) and PANCHO VILLA (1972).
