I am surprised at the number of praise that is impeding this film by other commentators. For me it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical fact, fantasy and internal charisma the main character does not work at all (in the fifth Vlaggon book and even in George Roy Hill's adaptation to the screen it does). Credibility is often superior. Too many questions remain open. Did I miss some central point? Or do I fail to spot the lines that supposedly connect the points? A boy named Campbell, Jr., is growing up in northern New York. In his father's house there are many commercial paper papers and a book. He had photographs of dead bodies in his body. The boy leaves the book, his father does not like it. What should that tell me? The family moved to northern New York in Berlin. BANG. It is 1938, the boy is a married man in Berlin and a theater drama. What kind of play does he write? In what language? Is it Successful? His wife is an actress and looks glamorous. Parents move back to the USA and invite their sons to do the same. It does not. Why? Because there is growth in Germany it feels more German than Americans? Because it is successful? Because his wife is? Because he loves his life? Because he loves the Nazis? Because it's just lazy lazy and does not like change? Do not ask me. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the man just does not care, not interested in politics, is a type of existentialist. He states that he is deeply in love with his wife. He speaks of his Republic in two (meaning he and his wife). There is little evidence of his love for his wife in the movie, and more like a Republic in one. At the request of an American agent Campbell, Jr, agrees to broadcast Anti Semitic Nazi propaganda to hate Americans as a device for transmitting encrypted messages to American authorities between the lines. The important meeting with the agent on a Berlin park bank is short, unexciting and anti-climate, the decision to play together comes pretty easy with no explanation, up to broadcaster looks alike and apparently fast. <br /> /> So now, we have Campbell, Jr., presenting itself on the air as the latest American free. The plot for transmitting secret message is fairly realistic and interesting - although one wonderful thing happened when Campbell, Jr, really and honestly coughed, hiccups etc. (must have clamped the messages terribly). Anyway, the Nazis lost, the wife died (farming in the Crimean for German troops - I never heard such tours really happened on the front line of German WW II), Campbell, Jr, said he went in front of the Russian , but is not captured, is captured by an American soldier who recognizes his cup (how come?), dragged into a see-seeing visit from Auschwitz, is then released and resettled with the help of the Crucial Agent somewhere in New York City. /> <br /> And this is where the story is really <br /> <br /> <br /> BANG. Since now it is such a short story by Paul Auster. She is 1961, Campbell, Jr., lives in New York funeral as a te-tease and the loss of his wife. Nobody really worries - or are they? Yes, somehow they do, and its neighbors offer some sort of distraction. Auschwitz survivan. A painter. Some Americans supremacists have discovered "him, and he wants his face. They even find his wife supposed to die for him, or is he his wife? Anyway, at the end of Campbell, Jr, appeals to the Israeli Consulate, and they are required to give him the Great Criminal Treatment, putting it in the cell adjacent to Adolf Eichmann. He writes his life story and, once this work is finished, hangs himself over the typewriter ribbon without Get Roti's Little Bit. <br /> <<<<> While I can see that there must be a problem of guilt and loss, I just had the impression that the main character is someone who at all times is very indifferent to all things and hardly can love for anyone. So I found it difficult to sympathize for this looser who mourns his loss .Of course, many reviews focus on his status as a hero of potential war, having his reputation, They are at stake for the last American play. I assume that this was a lot of courage. As a matter of fact, however, th e film suggests that Campbell does not accept placement for itself as a win-win situation, as it would have been politically on the safe side of the problem that won the war. The dangers of being discovered never arose during the first part of the story. One can argue, that the whole story is a dream fantasy and that nobody should bother with historical accuracy or a logical development of the story that explains everything. But even then it failed to make a point, firstly, I suspect, because the love affair in the Republic of fell completely flat. This is a pity, especially if you consider that the wife played by Sheryl Lee, a talented, versatile and sensuous actress. It has too many screens and is forced to use a ridiculous accent. Another aspect neglected aspects are the different textures (denominations, broadcasting and hidden messages), but I guess this is largely unfilmable. Maybe I should give the book a chance.
