I will keep the review of this program as short as possible. Skip it. Low budget, not funny, horrendous script. Do not act as bad as writing, but still bad. That's all you need to know, but I'll continue for the sake of writing more than necessary. <br /> <br /> This is a movie with three segments, each parodying some other kind of movie. A lot of funnier films with this same exact idea is "Movie Movie," and George C. Scott. Very dark, but worth looking. MM parody film in the 1930s, and made with distinction, precision and dry sense. <br /> <br /> This movie was not. He parodies three types of films, supposedly from late 70, early 80 era, only it is parodying my movie (almost) never heard of. The first is, I guess, a parody of "Kramer vs. Kramer," in a way. Peter Reigert does his best with a poor ground script. The second is a parody, in, I do not know what ... a novel Danielle Steele? I mean, could you see a story like this on Lifetime TV but in a movie theater? I mean, I remember the 70, I was there. This is a soap-opera type parody about a young woman who sleeps her way to power. These kinds of things usually parody themselves, so I do not see how that was the same as necessary. <br /> We are on a bit easier soil and the third segment, "The Municipalians," that movie parody film. I noted elements of the "New Centurians" and some "Harry Hall", both of which were almost 10 years old when the film was created. Yeah, beautiful and current. Robby Benson plays the ideal young rookie (wimpy over-the-top) while Richard Widmark plays the grizzled veteran who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (oh! Stop! Where I'm! He's actually booting in the police car! irreverence!) Note that this was the first movie after "Animal House" has the "National Lamp" name attached. Wow. Going in five years of classic flick of this pile of manure is nothing short of shocking. I was able to go about hours of sad decline that caused one of the most cutting-edge and original voices in American humor (which should be National Londonderry, the original magazine for its first 10 years or so) to sell out and Starting a long, slow slide into a world of crap, where the magazine is time to go and it only exists as a brand name of slap on low-budget movie "comedy" for a fee. But another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so badly. Anyway, this movie is a serious sucking time. Do not waste your 90 minutes. I want to come back to me. On the positive side, Fred Willard's of it!
