I chuckled a few times during this movie. I laughed loudly during the notary at the store company store (pun intended). <br /> There are three segments in this movie. The first is supposed to be a perfect "growing" woman and throwing career "movies." The Tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. Most of the cast members are not listed here on IMDb. The other segments will be able to connect this thing to the ruin of their acting career. The second segment is a parody of "women sharkish sleeping his way to the top and taking control of the big industry" movie theater. Culp has several funny moments, all physical humor, including the aforementioned passage. After his character killed the lower and lower sink as Dominique Corsaire rose higher and higher.When she became the first lady I wanted to rip the cable from the TV and watch "Snow." I switch to Pakistani music video instead. "I do not understand Urdu, or whatever the video language they were in. It was always better than listening to the dialogue in this great" story " suffering. <br /> <br /> Then became "Municipalians" and * big * stars, half of them on screen for less than a minute: Elisha Cook, Jr, Christopher Lloyd, Rhea Perlman, Henny Youngman, Julie Kavner, Richard Widmark and ... * Robby Benson. * It's supposed to be a parody of "young cop and stubborn team, subconsciously coping older couples who need to retire * mal * *" movies. The horizontal flash bar on the police car is very impressive. It was interesting to see the old RTD buses, with a gas station shell signed, with an American Savings sign - none of them are around again. The Nagurski "Never stop anywhere you might have to get out of the car" to make me smile for a while. Then they discuss how boring the young cop is. Many. Returning to mind about how boring it is. That was as boring as this description of how boring it is. Nagurski's Four Act Number, "Never go to a music store that cut off with an acetylene torch," makes me think that the music store is a real business in the current place the dispatcher has provided. Think about what was more interesting than the set-up for the gag that followed. Young Falcone (Benson) gets shot. Many. He becomes a stubborn cop like Nagurski. The segment keep going. On and off. And on. It will not stop. It rolls back relentlessly how many times you want it to be just * dead * already so this will end. It does not. He goes on and on and then .... A "Buffy Vampire Slayer" Episode which I've seen four times already coming over. Thank you God! This abysmal movie ended when I went to the mail.
