If the theme itself was not geographically and semantically meaningless, one might well refer to "Ned Kelly" as a "Western Australian." For the people underneath, Ned Kelly was, apparently, a bandit hero of popular analogues Robin Hood, Jesse James, Bonnie and Clyde, and Butch Cassidy and Kid of Sundance. Signs of Irish immigrants, Kelly became a rescuer and a bandit after being accused of shooting an Australian law officer, a crime that was equally innocent to his mother imprisoned. To get back to the government for the wrong treatment, Kelly, Dan's brother, and two other peers, steal banker notoriously, win over the hearts of many people in the country while striking a blow to justice countries where Irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disrespect by those who had run the country. <br /> <br /> Perhaps because we met this "beginnings bandits" scenarios many times in the past, "Ned Kelly" feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as she pays homage to any number of genre's stereotypes and luxury on his way to the inevitable confrontation. Ned is the tipbreaker-heart-of-gold lawbreaker that only kills when it is forced and, even then, only with the deepest regret. He also had the pulse of the common folk, as when, in the midst of a bank robbery, he returned an important look to one of the customers, after one of his gang was so highly pilfered. Which movie about this particular topic did not appear to be a scene like that? It is selective generic acts such as this, of course, that earned him love and respect of all the little ones who come in secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to their powers-these and how things are. Geoffrey Rush plays typical employer law enforcement who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker that keeps getting away with tweaking the facility. There's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies kept up going into the next room and had sex with one of the thieves, so turning on it is the romantic bother-to-be in the criminal life. And the movie is riddled with a hackneyed scene like this after another. <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger failed to distinguish himself in the title role, giving little in the way of substance making his character either interesting or engaging. It does not help that he was forced to give a droning voice to the narratives that highlighted the sanctimoniousness and the pretense of both the character and the movie. <br /> <br /> "Ned Kelly" could serve a function of kind as a lesson in Australian history, but as an entertainment, it's just the same old story being said with different accents.
