I've heard some bad things about Cabin Fever almost as much as I hear the hype culture. As it turns out, the first movie comes from El Roth's new impresario, it's just a so-called effort and the IQ points are thrown as the film progresses. There are worst movies out there, and surely the more gory ones (though I'm not sure how the hype-master got so high on the blood-hated county, there is a good amount of genre fan here). The first is not necessarily bad either: children go to a cabin for a week of feast, only to come to a very sick man, who is covered in blood, who is in a panic placed in fire. It winds up dead in the water that eats the tank, and soon the characters all suck the meat-meat virus one way or another. Characters, either lead to college children (including Strong Rider as the hero and James DiBello as the jump-bar to jump) or as their archetypal 'village' support to the point of inertia, if not so painfully. <br /> <br /> As they meet the attacks, the townspeople get very strange, and it just seems to be thrown away by their senseless laughs; 'Kid's crap' from nowhere, and maybe being funnier in another movie or alone, but in the context of the rest of the movie, it just does not work. There is also a young police character who is even dumber and less convinced than the others. And families who go after DiBello after an incident has some unlikely possibility. But while Roth pumps up its script with common sense outside the window and sudden crises with frights and those hacking up blood on each other with a rambling assassin dog around. That is not all for either. Now, unlike the least movies or even smaller in the 70s or 80s - where I am sure Roth is a fan-fan-fan-it does not make it unwatchable. It's also smart there is no explanation for where the virus comes from. <br /> But unlike these films too, it also does not really have a fine idea of ​​what to do for great campaign-horror times. Her films are trying for that, of course, and only once or twice to make it a jump, time without (I did like bunny strong peaks seen while on the gurney). It is not even very injection a lot of the time (albeit with its own understanding style-choice ala red tint on the lens or history with bowling-allies workers). It simply has a lot of logical scenarios and choices made (cut your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and it is targeted for typical soil justice. If your cup is in, your more power. But in the end I've found it to be actually un-exceptional genre territory that does not offend sensitivity audience to Saw, but does not equal to the fence either as a smart B-movie. Roth also has the temper at the end of the film on a true note of 'the hell' as Santa Claus shines clerk in convenience stores from earlier in the movie serves a bunch of black people. It might work if he followed up on it with something better, or if it dropped it altogether. Even can be said for a lot of the movie. C-
