I rented and watched this movie for the first time on DVD without reading any review about it. So, after 15 minutes of view I noticed that something wrong with this movie; it's terribly! I mean, in the trailer it looks awesome and serious! <br /> I think Eli Roth (Mr. Director) thought that if all the characters in this movie were stupid, the movie would be funny ... (So stupid, it's funny ... LONG !) It should look and learn from the best commercial horrors like: "Fear Night", "The Lost Boys" and "Return to the Dead"! Those are funny! <br /> <br /> "Kabin Fever" is the reason why I registered at www.IMDb.com so I can drop my mind into dissatisfaction with it. <br /> I decided to watch the movie a second time> AAARGH! <, and score my partial review to show how crazy the movie is. "Resident Evil" (horror) or "dude, where is my car?" (comedy) I can look over and over again and still enjoy! But this ...! How bad can a script with a manager ??? That's bad. Here are the terrible scenes in chronological order: <br /> In the early stages we see Henry, who does not realize his dog lying on the ground and his tongue hanging out of his mouth and staring dead-glazed is dead ! <br /> The movie does not explain anything about the long-haired blonde kid who loves to bite. <br /> And then my answer to Marcy's repeated question ("What's wrong with the woods?") is "Nothing". The scripts have that critical guards warn about the woods just for "suspense". Then, the "smartest" of the 5-pack Bert, almost gives us an example of how to start a fire in forest. He meets now infected Henry who begs for help and from here on the movie wanting to break the record of using the "F-word". Bert starts leaking out because Henry seems awfully sick. Bert: "Do not hurt me!" (he forgot to add: "... with my BB gun!") <br /> <br /> Bert head back into the cabin but how about that? She meets Marcy and Jeff who had sex, but now suddenly decided to go out for a walk! Marcy wisely smashed the unexpected campaign Bert started earlier (Something clear for a change?) Bert did not mention a word about Henry because the fool thought he had killed him with his BB gun. Later, as the five Estupidos are sitting by the fire, another weirdo shows up with his dog. (Maybe that's the warning about the woods all over? It's full of weirdos ... and the dogs!?) They let it sit with them only because it has a big bag full of cannabis. (Brains are completely intoxicated! Do not ask why they are all those teens!) This is the last time we'll see this forgettable character ... alive! <br /> <br /> Henry shows up in the cabins, (NOTE: He's been lying all the time a few yards in the cabins !!!) getting worse, almost like a zombie, covered in goo! He says he needs a doctor. But the Young Einstein refused to help the poor sucker. He gets into unlocked trucks that of course also has its key to the ignition. Henry almost seems smart enough to drive the hell away but instead starts puking without all over the board, dashboard and windows. The five awesome runs out, armed with: a BB gun, a knife, a baseball bat (* huh? Ever tried to play baseball in the middle of the woods ???), a poker, and a (insecticide?) Spray- can be ready to fight off single, unarmed and very sick. (smart script!) Bert managed to kill the car with one single shotgun in his BB weapon, which is only possible by yourself in the director of Eli Roth. "What else should I do?" Bert cries in his defense. Jeff and Paul try to hit Henry down with the batons and poker but miss and crash the truck window instead. Henry walks up to the dumb girls saying: "He's coming towards us!" (Thank you for the information, dumb, I can see that! But I do not think he wants to hurt you anymore!) Marcy spray in his eyes, making Henry yelp! With our "hero" Paul touches Henry's arm with a burning log burning out of the campfire, which they are sorely left burning while being inside the cabin! (Where did all this wisdom go? I guess the cannabis began to take its numbers! :-) Henry turns into the human stick and runs away, screaming. That day Bert and Jeff heads out for a mechanic. And Marcy decided to "go for help" all by himself, in the woods, as Paul stayed behind with Karen ... Is not that idiotic sounding? Marcy was able to stay with Karen and Paul because Jeff and Bert had already "gone for help"! <br /> I skip my comments now in the way we suddenly see Marcy in a CANOE Gorge on a big river and winding! How did he get a boat? Does he even know where he will be! Anyway, he goes to the riverbank and finds a very large and seemingly abandoned cabin, as in most of the horrors of movies, walking inside the cabin saying, "Hello? Is there anyone there?" Bert suddenly pops up from behind a furniture and crises (and I first). And together comes Jeff, as well. How did they find here! Was swim across the river ??? Do you see how the brainless script! <br /> Deputy Winston meets Paul in the cabin. It somehow does not notice the blood on the trucks. This occurs around 35 minutes in view and I decided to stop torturing myself again and popping the DVD out. (Before I take my own eyes out! ... Now that's funny!) <br /> If you liked this movie, make yourself a favor and watch "frightening night", "boy they lose ", or" Return to the living dead ". Then you'll see they are more fun than that ... thing. Even the "Toxic Avenger Party 2", which is also a disgusting movie, is a much more funnier way than "Fever Cabin".
