I do not really know if Fever Cabin is supposed to be a joke or a movie ... But as far as I know, it's much more than a joke than anything else. A few years ago, the community of horror movie makers decided to take a new stage and make fun of the genre, thereby giving birth to the cry of the series. A list was given in scream, in all these stupid horror movie characters will make these predictable, and the characters of shout ended up doing exactly the same thing, which added a lot of humor and irony to the analysis of genre , and leads to the hope that the horror movie now about would show somewhat different, either full of irony towards the genre, top-derision towards the film itself, or at least different in dramatic processes than all The "old" films that respond to the same tired criteria. In seeing "Fever Cabinets", alas, many will see how unoriginal, severe, firefighting, boring and even scary some supposedly "movie" films now, even a few years later. First of all, this movie lacks originality in a way some people do. He said many times, how little imagination imagination imagined today, noticed in foreign suites, but putting the movie into a cabin in the woods just does not seem to have a "tail" in anything, it seems, too simply, a ripple. Anyone wishing to be amazed by other factors in the movie's history will not be: once again, we're dealing with a movie that has all the characters in their early twenties, who will not think rational when put in front a problem, will instead argue for hours and gather battles than try to think and do something about it. Not much excitement has either. For the umpteal time in a horror movie, they are tempted to kiss, make love and just fundamentally have fun, all kinds of things that do not really make them any different than any other horror movie victories already seen. Secondly, this film is unimaginatively serious. Each character's situation in each dialog is every situation in the film treated with gravity that will be any viewer with a little sense of decision will be relieved when some characters finally end up dying. There is nothing in the way the movie directs, writes or acts show any humorous or sarcastic signs, which are quite amazing to consider the movie is about an invisible-never-heard-of-before-flesh-eating virus (no laugh please). I will not even bring up the act, because there are no actors in this movie. The cast was most certainly hired to be friends or neighbors with the director. Third, and this will hit anyone who saw a "good" movie horror before, the scenario is absolutely empty. Nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), There is nothing to make sense, either in reality, psychology of the characters, or even hilariously bang the last sequence of the movie , which is probably supposed to be funny by the director and screenwriters. At the end I'll only notice that a horror movie supposed to have something frightening in it. The fake blood gallons, if they were vomiting, squirted from cutting branches or simply leaking into wounds, was never enough to scare a hearing. These major features as scenario, ideas, and even the cruelty require those who claim to have fired something scary. If I did not consider it to be a total failure, I would agree to the fact that the movie has one talent: it is disgusting to watch. But they sounded out and feared they were two very different feelings, leaving it to be known. <br /> I would like to encourage anyone to be a curious shooter or interested in seeing this movie to check older bigger horror films, why not from the 60s, 70s, 80s, films conducted by Wes Craven, Dario Argento, Sam Raimi, Stanley Kubrick, David Lynch, Roger Corman, William Lustig, John Carpenter ... he might not only give a good definition of what pair, or self-denisory horror, but also to convince viewers that "new "is not necessarily" best ". A good example of the film is the tracks of some composers Angelo Badalamenti provided for this film, though they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, below anything he has ever done before.
