when you reach the scenes involving Albert Brooks without his shirt ... try not to gage on a fur ball. <br /> I love Albert Brooks. I saw most, if not all his movies but he first saw this one. Modern romance is an exciting take on the subject of love. There are some movies that occupy the desperation of love as well or as open as modern romance, although the 1979 Chilly winter scene comes very close. They both essentially deal with those who are too psychologically attractive / obsessed with their respective women. <br /> Where-as Chilly's winter scenes on the border of the subject, this film has a much more grounding foundation and the subject of love because both people are already in a relationship .. and out of the relationship .. and return to it again .. And because of it in a movie that was released in 1981, it is in its time in terms of styles and so. That's the main reason I like this movie. My basic rule when it comes to movies is "If it absorbs at least it may have some historical significance," you know some time capsule. Leading me to the awful scenes of Albert Brooks sans shirt. <br /> <br /> The man is hair. Very hairy. Like she's wearing a black hair-haired hairy hair. And most of all, it's almost like a victim-burning. It's not a nice sight and the scenes with her without a shirt going on and over. Returning to the main 80 male men were seen as normal and nothing shocking. But in 2009 the sight of something like this is just plain riot. Sorry, Albert! I wish at some point someone said "Hey let's try this scene, but with you put a simple T-shirt, I mean you could scare people." It's just really bad and I feel sorry for the poorly-acting actress who faced Albert Brooks naked body on top of his head. She probably pulled her hair out of her teeth for days later. <br /> In every way, it's an OK movie. It could be best if I did not see Albert Brooks without his shirt for what looked like a continuous 10 minutes long because that will forever taint my look at this movie.
