Lou-menis morale. Writers using characters as mouthpieces to speak for themselves. Predict, plodding point draws (say five times fast). Imagination of a child by Britney Spears. This movie has all the earmarks of a lifetime special. <br /> <br /> I honestly believe that Jesus Nebot and Julia Montejo set out to create a thought-provoking, emotional film about a difficult subject, exploring the idea that things are not always black and white, that someone which is a criminal by definition is not necessarily a bad human, and that there may exist extreme circumstances, especially when one puts a child's welfare first. However, the ceremonies end up being affected by preachy dialogue and situations that have been planted to move the plot together. The decent production values ​​and interesting use of documentary-style camera feet are not enough to accomplish their purpose when the script and fall of acting flat. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> Logic is often compromised for the sake of creating tension: First tries trying to blackmail Pablo in participating in his documentary in exchange for helping to escape, then in the same breath basically tell him not to put trust it because it does not help them from altruism. Well, duh. And for a man on the run, Pablo is far too swayed by a temper tantrum. Cristina's well-being is so important for her that she has been running captured with jail or deportation, but she wants to risk everything that appeals to her when she does not want to go to Mexico. Right. Speak higher than the parent of the child. Third, when Charlie Pablo's employer provided the Detective Bright phone, it is remarkably unprofessional, especially giving her awareness - did she really think it was compelling? Oh, yeah, I would turn myself in. C Dump Detective CCH Pounder can wipe the floor with him. To be fair, I would like to list the things I liked. I love the midget. And I loved the fact that the midget was called Sexy. There are cross-dresses, always a plus; juvenile cross-dress, no less! Harry is infinitely cuter than Cristina. But my favorite moments of the film must be done when Cristina does not-Do-Bright Detective Postponed. I also found it interesting that, in a minor heavy cast (which I greatly appreciate, by the way), the black character is the one racist one. Too it just throw out and not explore more. There is a different note, original, but it's generally generally context-unspecific, does not improve mood or tension in any scene, except the pathetic, anguish trembling Each time the main character is in anguish, as if to think his act Show it enough: 'Just in case you were not sure, he was upset, and we have the music signals to prove it.' <br /> Resistance, calculation dialogue results in a lack of subtext depression; Everything has to be spelled out in dialogue, even when the body language was up 'til then transmitting it just fine. For example, every mourning Pablo does, and Ms. Knight's sadness that her child will not pull into bed with them in the morning. <br /> <br /> 'Papi, tell me about Mama again' - what cynically, blatant displays introduce the wife to generic death! (She was still the most beautiful woman who ever saw the widow, the kids he ever encountered. Why can not we see someone weeping about a woman like Shakespeare - she can have fat, ugly, clumsy, hands His love for it is deep as oceans? Now, there's a story that would move me.) The police still being literally one step behind them gives the scene a lot of feeling from place to place French farces. Most boring boots chases all the time - Bright and Lightning are out-of-form and easy-to-cheat (it certainly is not quick as lightning, and he, well, I do not feel the need to spell things out). Some guys dragged together a small child outrunning a bike cop, filling with biker macho picking a fight but then being cut off by a child? To quote Margaret Hot, this sad. Would we ever see this on 'cops'? <br /> <br /> Hackneyed and over-head-top of machina: as an employer, would you really renounce checking green cards just because it can quote the author of inspiration saying about a poster behind your office? <br /> More detailed scenes, including the above, threatening devolved into pornography: 'Well, I'll do this for you, as long as you do something for me ...' I can almost hear bowm -chicka-bowm-bow. <br /> <br /> When parents see shot in Pablo's remorse, the freak-out mother's grief is the most real movie of feeling. Unfortunately, this decreased by the fact that it seems completely swayed by its emotional speech up to its ballistic. A more vertical look would be more compelling here. I'm in constant tremor in the sort of the main character to do things for the sake of draw: keep up a convenience store without a mask, visit the girl's dead. And why not the mother acknowledged her face from when she saw her before she drove over? 'You seem awfully familiar ...' <br /> What is this goal completely unnecessary, a little gratuitous scene with the Artificial-strengthening Barman and Barman? Character development? Tch. Too small, too late. <br /> Speaking of unnecessary features that never go anywhere, saying Detective Lightning to Detective Bright Detective Bright must be a scorpio show how little she really knows about the occult. And I do not think that believe in well-fought fate as voodoo mumbo jumbo. In the end, when Bright holds Pablo as he dies - wait, why he care now? Her character is as consistent as the Soid. What, he shot him just because he said 'Stop, or I'll shoot'? (He cared for _so_much_ on his integrity so far.) He was unarmed. There was no need for lethal force. What's wrong with shooting it in the leg to disassemble her? Finally, accepting the child Cristina in her mother's death to Dr. Knight peacefully about her daughter's death - is so forced. With the constraint in the family of killing children becoming Cristina's new family ... It angers me that it might be a 'replacement' for the girls. It is also unrealistic that a white couple would take from Latino's daughter to the man who killed their own daughter. I do not say that people do not generate, love that would do that. I just say that the characters here have never developed far enough to believe that _they_ would do that. <br /> I found it offensive that another IMDb review said that of course as a woman she was moved by the sappy scenes. I am a woman who reserves my emotional movements for moments that are not confusing to a manufacturer. <br /> <br /> Co-writer, co-director, co-star Nebot has told himself he had been excessively escaped during this production. Too many cooks can spoil the broth, but one cooked alone just might end up doing a special after-school. <br /> In conclusion, this movie title has less to do with the story and more to do with the feeling of regret, helplessness, and loss accompanying the revelation that you will never see your money again.
