Those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 original Wire, the "fear" will get more to be disappointed with the end of this little funny. It sort of following a similar scheme, but it is impossible to connect to the original, with the exception of the presence of Morty, the mannequin monster made of wood. Here is a brief overview. Twenty years after Mike Hawthorne (Gordon Currie, in a decent performance) witnessing her father brutally murdering her mother and then taking her own life, Mike constantly suffers from the fear to this day. In hope of breaking his fear, Mike takes his girlfriend with a bunch of friends up to his grandparents' home. Her plan is for everyone dressed in costumes representing their fears, and then presenting the mortal fear mannequins. According to an American friend, this process is supposed to be a magic of fear. What Mike does not know is that Morty is owned by his father's spirit and starts killing his friends ... or is he really Mike himself doing the killings? Who cares? <br /> There is a few problems with this movie. First lie and Morty. I thought the original makes Morty look rather compelling. This time it is painfully obvious Morty is a man (actor Jon Fedele) in a fake suit. This can especially be seen in early scenes, where Morty is still supposed to be unanimous, but if you look good you can see it blinking. Another problem is that most of the characters do not try hard enough. Some of them do, namely Betsy Palmer, on Friday 13 the fame, who was excellent in this movie. But many of them do not make the effort or have not given the chance. Finally, there are killings. The open scenes involving killing ax were very compelling. Actually, when I saw them I thought I was in for a good movie. When the second half of the movie came, and the killings really started, everything fell into pieces. Deaths are either uncreative, unseen, or predicted (glimpse into the next scene as Currie has a blackout). A character dies in the end and no one, including the viewer, even notice. While more characterization was needed at the beginning of the half, it was not too bad. The second half was. I think new director Chris Angel got to this point and really did not know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they turned out real sloppy and pedestrians. A funny finish does not help either. So, unless you really enjoyed the original and enjoy spell popping out from under your skin, you should probably skip the "Fear 2: Halloween Night." Zanatos' score: 4 out of 10.
