Sometimes you need to see a bad movie just appreciate those good. Well, this is my opinion anyway. One is still in the bad movie category, simply because all Shu Qi's performance was terrible. Martial Angel says in Cat (Shu Qi), a professional thief turned right after leaving his lover, Chi Lam (Julian Cheung), two years earlier. But past return it haunted him as Chi Lam is kidnapping for the ransom of security software belonging to the Cat company company. In order to rescue her, she asked her old friends on her orphanage days, six other women's feasty, to save the day ... <br /> I can tell the fictional sinopsis, but this is a cheesy story. In fact, all the script and direction were missing any kind of all. Many of the dialogue were meaningful and coupled with a conspiracy that was as thin as rice paper in water. If I could sum it up, take a bad movie Jackie Chan, remove the comedy, remove the choreography, throw the budget, and you have Martial Angels: a piece of work formula with no imagination at all. /> Mind you, I have to give credit to the credit due, and Shu Qi was probably the only person to exit unscathed from the terrible action, as it was his performance that shone. Well, you can not say it was excellent - after all it was absolutely nothing to work with - but he managed to dig some characters out of his role. Other than that, only Sandra Ng and Kelly Lin did any other impression - although these were mostly glimmer and very short. <br /> <br /> Elsewhere, the movie just fell into pieces. Scenes and dialogues were completely unnatural and incredible, the special effects were obviously made on the cheap with no attempt to clean the edges between people and the mask of the blue screen, poor correction involving a lot of discontinuity in the battlefield, camera angle elementary and unflattering, and the direction I saw best in a dog lost .. <br /> I guess this movie was a cheating affair too much. Most probably, the budget has been pushed away on the enthusiasm there are seven little ones on the same silver screen. It did not leave much else. Frankly, this film was designed as a good porn porn without pornography. Charlie's Angels, it's not. In fact, while the sisters can do it for themselves, none of that was really apparent here. <br /> <br /> Definitions of one's memory.
