This film style life takes victims of the middle victim who ultimately fights back the genre of new depths of cartoon-like absurdity. <br /> <br /> Here are some 40-year-old housewives in a successful attorney protagonist (daughter going to college) will begin a new life after her divorce, helped by a female college girl in opening a new clothing store as a sort of franchise expansion contract. It even started up a friendship and attracted it, a little smaller perhaps, landscape architect / gardener (that's black). But then the horrific horror woman in the middle of age, another 20 something girl she took on as a tenant left a room, begins to 'take over' his life. What new threats to younger women really do is little flirting with the garden, and they offer it a glass of wine that * gasp * really belongs to the divorce !! It runs up the utility bills by not turning down the thermostat !! And back up the bathroom! And old leaves eat badly in the fridge! And hanging her piece in (African) artwork in the living room !! So on .. Well it might have killed the cat as well. Yeah, ok, at what point this one thing is bad enough, but it's more than a little ridiculous, especially as it gets in a campaign .The character fact is that any small part would drive this particular mad prissy woman. (So ​​why did he rent the room - and the horror horror, a younger woman?) <br /> <br /> Supposedly this increasingly arrogant (natch) younger woman has an obsession to pick up control. And brave 40 something we must learn to fight against this evil (and hot erotics looking, of course) 20 something. But there is this problem. Whenever something 20 starts in maybe get into trouble using her power - and just flirt or have sex with some guys, and escape the consequences. (Well, there is actually a good ability looking at 20 somethings. It's just not * generally * used in this kind of sort.) <br /> <br /> The site is moving along with devices There is something about 20 for divorce in formalizing the rental lease rooms and a lease produced by it. Of course the 40 things do not know about things, and something 20 has had help. The lease actually gives the woman the least equal to the entire home during the rental period, and the utility dispose of at the fixed price. Even though a eviction process is briefly pending, 20 this will soon become a temporary restriction order against the older woman, supposedly because it threatens the 20 stuff. You know, the judge is sympathetic to all my misfortune-of the sexy sweet young stuff. Finally 40 something "heroic" the fight back home then begins. Woopie !! <br /> Only realistic or perception of this movie is how terribly easy the TRO (or order of protection) for women to get on nothing more than her unstudied saying - although they are generally just that easy to man. They are sometimes just as unfounded and just as motivated to seize control of a home as it is here. Indeed, girlfriends and boyfriends are often found to be evicted from their own homes or condos on the basis of any evidence, but only a reckless claim of threats, and sometimes without even hearing about it, . Even when there is a hearing, it is usually impossible to claim claims of threats (proving a negative) when the burden of evidence is effectively on the defendant, rather than the defendant. (This is one of the only areas in American law where this is true - and it is a signal outrage of feminine overreaching, and the failure of any organized group to resist the steamroller.) Of course this is not likely Be the subject of any movie forever in this life. <br /> <br /> The basic basal of this movie is about the explanation that the 20 thing is psychotic, and not medicines. Even if it makes no sense. It is not after her husband's successful attorney, though she does this with her help (in the former wife's anger) in her quest. It is after the home (technically, to drive the divorce out of it during the period of the lease). This second woman is younger after all that left after the divorce, after affairs with her 20 husband's husband's somethings somethings! (The former-looks looks unattached and fundamental as guests fling it - no matter, it's still turning !!!) <br /> <br /> The protagonist is good enough looking for his age. But his outlook, attitude and focus is so small, frumpy and utter without imagination or life force that it's impossible to care about it. Well, a basic group of lifetime care fans, I guess, judging by the average grade small amount of rats being given. (I kept it looking just because it was so bad and cartoonish that he had a call call .. I could not resist seeing just how far they would take it.) ** Spoiler ** (if such something is possible with this flick of films). <br /> Well, here's a sign. The film ends with 20 stuff getting bailed out in prison by pledging to "listen" to her 20 something male co-worker and sometimes lover, and "doing whatever she says" and "let her take care of her" (it means getting it caught his medication) - and then tricking it back and returning home. He has climbed the stairs with a knife, demonically following his enemy 40 something, who is taking a bath in light candles, safe to think that the youngest woman is out of his life. There's a struggle - and the mother something 40 have - do not stick to something 20 with a hypodermic needle full of anti-psychotic drugs found. She then starts stroking her, like mother, and two women have a bond, girl solidarity moments !!! How sweet.
