I watched around the video store still in shock as Steven Seagal and his track record of bad movies could still have 3 cinemas hit the shelves in less than a year. The 3rd force was not less likely to enter the first time at Sci Fi Genre for Seagal. Our ever-expanded flash of film entertainment flash before her gullible eyes.Sadly this can not be a bit bit of no entertainment with a movie as bad as it comes. a little bit with the Trashy-but enjoyable Man Shadow last time we saw him. However, force attacks to be absolute movie is ever worse! Do not discuss out for a boy Killer, Ticker, or even Dark Dawn folks. This is the bottom of the septic tank here. Anyone who says this is Steven Seagal's return to be forced to write a 100-page essay on the word Gou. Seagal is yet another silver / I'm a superman bad-ass yet again named Lawson wants to revenge for the kill of his team that led him to a nefarious plot to distribute a really bad drug into the unsuspecting public .By mentioned dealers are not from around here. The whole output from direct to the act is poor. What movie was shot in the darkness? it must be the worst film ever since the Howling Action is terrible and very seriously done. <br /> <br /> The producers have also unwisely decided to do what their fans hate the most: dropping into double waterfalls after dual and horrible duel Steven Seagal. Who seems to show little enthusiasm here. Is it blame l '? <br /> While saying that the attack force was not Stevie's film was signed on for (original Harvester) and surely could be better than force.The post-production falsification attacks did not make it more coherent and did Seagal look worse. I feel bad about Michael Keusch's directing and writer Joe Hal as he will be judged forever for the ill-advised production of re-launch. <br /> So now This leaves Seagal in the position impossible to come up with something to be challenged for this mess. But after seeing how bad attack forces turned out we really want him to make a other movies?
