Strength attacks has a lurid title, and almost certainly will be judged by it's terrible cover, because the movie is terrible! A mish-mash of line draws, a chop disorder, and a rhythm orally stagnation, make the movie hard to look start to finish. I manage that and I'm proud. As a fan of Seagal's work (especially in his old days), it's painful to see him star in these drifts. The last sixth half of the movie cinema or so, they were saddled, but some of them at least had some rachim characteristics. Strength of attack is a mess. From the conception of this film delivery has undergone many changes, from an alien plot line, to the current one on a very dangerous super drugs, about to be trumped on the Romanian (the film has several settings, none of them that Romanian, but all look like Romania because of Romania!) Population. The film is sneaking along with little regard for whatever states the original script shot was. The draw-hole and the loose end have plenty of film that's in for sure. This was a problem of Seagal's recent films as well, but never has the result been so boring. There's a whole plot line on the water supply being poisoned with CTX (this drug name fresh) that never resolves! <br /> <br /> Of course in recent years the plot was not drawn to the main of the Seagal Cannon So there was a big onus on other departments, especially the action. Before I consider the action though, all other departments are poor. The poor direction, or perhaps best placed, made them look poor. Who knows how director Michael Keusch originally intended this movie? Between finishing his work, re-launching by Tom Delmar's stunt, with the correction, is a coherent Haitian vision completely lost. The best way to describe the movie is that it's just across the shop! The cinematography is subtle, almost induced asleep, while the droning note (sounding as it produced on the cheapest in cheap synthesis) has nothing to motivate artifacts. The cast also poor, able to salvage anything here. Seagal seems bored beyond recognition, and he armed in many of the photographs, clearly when drawing points-have changed. It seems tired of too big, and lethargy, unlike it was looking at previous pictures (remarkable as the aforementioned key complains of Seagal's latest photo). The only master who rescues cast is Adam Croasdell as one of the bandits, making a rough brutal routine. It seems to be a throwback to the line to draw aliens, because he plays it out of character. It looks like a cross between a body catcher and a vampire (this plunge into lead plays by some hot chicks that appear on occasion, seemingly waiting for her husband Dracula). <br /> <br /> Finally the action. Well it is poor. Ill become pregnant, infectious. There are not many either, and there are even less presents Seagal. Stevo does not really carry out the dual cascade here, because there's little to do. There are even a long action scene (repetition and boring) about the hourly intersection marks with little flash of Seagal's stand because clearly Seagal was not there while the scene was shot and wanted to have his features in scene action. Seagal eventually appears in people to shoot two guys at the top. Seagal has a credit producer here with a script credit, but in that I understand the movie has changed behind him in the current state it's in. Seagal is apparently not working with these people again, or with the Castel Studio continue to deliver Horrifically Sub-Nu-Image (this one thing), material. <br /> <br /> In general this is one to avoid whether or not a Seagal fan. Seagal fans can also be safely in the knowledge that the great person will probably not want to do anything wrong again. Unfortunately his next film that has already been shot, and the same people, promise to be even worse than that. *
