As far as I can understand, TIW WATCHER is the first work of a young director. My doubt is whether this is the work of a regular guy who happens to love film or if this is the work of a movie student, since there is a reference to the Oporto School of Arts in the final credits. But the director Ricardo Pinho demonstrated with this movie a total lack of awareness of some basic notions of the movie. What is a movie? How to make a story? It does not matter, for the initiator director. One of the first things you learn in school when you study movies is how to tell a story. You learn that, as in novels, in movies you should also build your story into three acts: the introduction, the development and the conclusion. You learn that your story should be a protagonist and an antagonist and that should have a climax. You learn this valuable for a 3-hour season, for the regular film, for a short film and even, believe it or not, for a 30-second commercial. You also can learn that they can level the intricacies of your approach to the academic structure and that, ultimately, you can even deconstruct it. <br /> <br /> In rough terms, timing attention introduces us to its main character and then film ends - the whole movie as the introduction of the characters of AMÉLIE Jeunet. There are no second or third acts in TIM WATCHER. This is not a parody or an art film, so you can not even try to justify lack of respect for the academic structure. You are waiting to be told a story, and it does not happen. Worse than that, TIM WATCHER defines itself as a warning; and one that has no real reason. It does not make a point, or at least, not a valid. His point is childish, with a sense of revenge. The situations described are quite simple and its approach is Manichaean. <br /> I was expecting a lot more from this short. The film opens with a rather good-looking credit sequence and quickly realizes you're watching something with the best value of production than the regular short portfolio movie. I do not know the budget for this film, but judging for the thanks-list of credit to end, merit must go to the output team for the good connections in a country where hard to have open doors for young filmmakers .. < TIM WATCHER seems to be an exercise in style, color and carefully selected plan, combined with a fine note. It's all. There is nothing else. There is no draw. And this is a shame because it feels like a waste of production value. Usually, you can see in the regular Portuguese short diversity of places and lots of extras available to enrich a story. <br /> <br /> As absurd as the comparison sounds, I must refer to the BMW shorts as a good example of how you can tell a good story of a very short film conditioner in product placement and on-top selfless cinematography.
