I rent this because I'm a bit tired of '80s NBC lineup and apparently I saved myself a lot of money. I have nothing against any of the actors, and for their credit they do a good job, but this show is flawed from the site. <br /> We have a character that is unbelievable. It's all flawless, not illuminated, and a full jerk about a good day. But the reason why no one should just care for it. While creating an American sitcom centered on a complete stick jackass is revolutionary and full of potential, he just did not meet here in this show. Most of the characters support are not completely caressed characters but rather sad punching bags that want sympathy from the audience to be punching bags. As in any sitcom, they are the ones that made the most usual for the audience to relate, and in doing so to negate the character to lead to such a limit as we see Bittinger being himself and the wrong person and they just stay there because .... why? There is no reason. Anyone who normally would simply leave the abuse. Keeping them there is without any real reason - even the really incredible one provided by Joanna Cassidy in the very special 2-part episode that has major issues of its own - is where the show just falls apart. Just believe that those who put up with this guy because we have said he has a golden heart by mesh and the reality of the situation. If anything, this is not even dramatic. This is a serious, conspicuous, and execute scheme that has been a moment but generally met the fate he deserves. Someone has the guts to go out and make a very good idea, but the execution is so haphazard that it just looks like a weirdly scripted version of Jerry Springer shows where someone abuses by this tyrant that we are supposed to root because of our told them. A show like this requires a clay touch that the actors here could provide easily, but somehow they can not. And it's a fatal mistake that really killed the program. <br /> <br /> Crush it up to a show in its infancy. Regardless, the show is worth a look. But it really screwed up when trying to aim for the stars, and did all the enterprise not what he could.
