Going as the most expensive movie in Finnish history, to date, "Black Floor" is a horror movie with a very Lynchian narrative that recounts a series of ever-ruled "Floors" (ironically enough) in an abandoned hospital, in which Our protagonists are blocked. Taken by an autistic daughter and his father, himself disenchanted with the hospital apparently lacking medical advances with his daughter, making their way into an elevated electorate problem with one of the nursing hospitals. Accompanied by a security guard, a businessman and a seemingly intoxicated college hub soon find the complex to abandon, but not alone. Realized by Finnish-born Risk Riski, more known for his television work, "Flo black" is filmed in English, using mostly English actors but has notable remarkable gamers of the most famous "Lordi" The Finland (2006 winner of Eurovision Song Contest) as the ones in the costume of the monstrous scene, such as the antagonist film, again for all razzmatazz this production failed where it needed most, to convince the audience. Any movie that uses the lead characters The phrase "It's too quiet" is already led down a dizzy path, and this Lordi influenced terror does not break that convention. For all the good ideas that are thrown into the mix there is a handful of clay walls and the worst of all, anything interesting is original not meat out enough for it to remember. The concept of abundant plans is initially very menacing and gives a sense of inevitable bankruptcy as the audience knows that the trapped in the hospital must progress further down the mud. However, there is not enough atmosphere created to scare and intimidate the audience of the subconscious fear, the viewer is aware that the journey will become more dangerous, as the levels degenerate from bright white to hellish nonsense, but I do not think character They are aware enough of this fact for it to be threatened. Also, the movie all takes place in what essentially boots its own time is yet a very nice touch, a concert not often used in the horror genre, but the characters do not confront the situation and fear enough and too much when they stumble Through this fact, they continue on their business far too easily and without enough genuine anxieties for the idea to mean anything to the audience. These initially good ideas are just left to go to garbage, as if the director and / or Mr Lordi (which had plenty of ideas used in the movie) had to think, but could not agree or decide on how to best use them and as they lose their goals and points. <br /> But for all the frustration there is a large number of comedy, but not for reasons that the creators would have hoped for. Too many are shabby, too much recyclable and too much is simply ridiculous. While the lead amicably acting by Noah Huntley, the characters are only cardboard cartons that have been stuck in the story of other films. We have a lead man doing everything possible to protect his daughter and a loving love developing spirit. Accompanying the "Couple" we have traditional black man signs as a hard-nose security guard, and the near infinite clip for his sidearm, and a disbelieving businessman only on the look for himself. The worst of all though, unfortunately, is the introduction of the Lordi cast as the animals in the night that harass our bandits of misfits, but not to appear like themselves. What makes a horror movie terror in the watch audience is the contextualising fear. The "Shining" is awesome because it's a member of your own family or your Hounding, in "Dawn of the Dead" it's our fear of each other and the primordial cannibalism and irrelevant thoughts of the zombie owners, of "aliens "The fear is explained, is the rational creature and the" black floors "no. Perhaps it's unfair to compare this monolithic output to the genre but when you show it to sharpen significantly and that his aggressor feels like nothing more than reclaiming Klingons where you can almost see the code on the costume to carry, without a Build in any "Lordi" atmosphere just not scary. <br /> It's anxiety because we all applaud for the underdogs and hopes they do well, you want younger outputs to say that they can create similar films as "Hollywood" churns out, much of the same in which George A Romero started out, but he does not always concretize. I enjoyed the movie and I did not feel as though I was wasting ninety minutes I had just sat down, but I felt enjoying a completely hollow level as if nothing had happened conflicts or affected me subconsciously, emotionally or critical. I felt the almost Lynchian narrative was an exception more point, but it disappeared from anything. Why did it happen? What does it mean? Are they going at all? Without even the slightest insight into what will happen to the movie is simply puzzling for the sake of trying to be artistic. Was the sequence of all real events or was it simply a sequel to dreams? Did the autism girl look at Eurovision Song Contest in 2006 and simply had a very rare nightmare to give the stress she was under? What do you know? And unfortunately I fail to work up the same energy care. "Black Floors" is an angry experience that while ultimately potential channels and at the very least shows a plethora of creative energy in Mr Lordi, who maybe should look at solo work to fully develop his ideas. It is one that fans of the band or the genre might be prosecuted, but they will let you feel left in the vast so there is not enough light to shed on the situation.
