Well, on the credit side (if it is said to be only one), Timothy Hines managed to take the original setting of the outstanding novel H. G. Wells. But other than that - well, called a spade a spade - it sucks bigtime. What Master Ed Wood could do with the alleged $ 20 million budget! Timothy Hines really does Mr. Wood, who was a defective genius anyway, looking like the best movie ever. The special effects (I guess you would call them) are not even up to standard computer games. Acting is, well, maybe about comparable theater dinners, and the accents are atrocious. At the risk of sounding offensive, a lot of the acting from the main male characters is (especially Poor Ogilvy), well, ahem ,. . . GAY! Poor Ogilvy mines and flounces over the country's fault in English, raising asbestos white as if it were heat resistant guns. Hey, the Stormtroopers of Star Wars had their own white body armor too, and did not work either, they were always dried up. Even when Ogilvy and Company get frozen by the 'Heat Ray' Martians (?), They flounce and mince into some odd types of dance, even when they are theoretically dead and reduce the skeletons, which persist in unesemly and writhing dancing. Perhaps Timothy Hines broke the skeletons from Ray Harryhausen, leaving on "Jason and the Argonauts." Or was it "Josie and the Pussycats"? I do not know. Soldiers, presumably because they're 'military', all seem to just rather unconvincingly explode, like the soldier on crutches and unfortunate companions carrying the train just beyond him. Wow! I loved it! But the 'soldiers' all seemed to either fascist troops from the Hispanic Civil War, or Commando Boer (which could be more or less correct for the period.Maybe that had some little of absolute finerness on party of Hines mechanical engineering?). Strangely enough, the character of the Curate seems exactly like it was drawn to the original illustrations by Warwick Goble, and it also turns into the most convincing work of acting. Oh, yeah. Must forget the child's THUNDER. In the book, the ship is described as a torpedo-ram ironclad. He wanted to be a pirate enemy RAM. But it's the frut bow after ramming the game Tinker-constructed Martian machines, with a small ditch in the forepeak, and he sank. A decree boat like THUNDERCHILD could rammed the TITANIC and survive, but I guess the Royal Navy was tied to the same lower-bidder contributions as our own military. The costumes are all wrong, especially the British Army and Police Uniforms, paved along mainly by USMC Alphas. And Timbo, in an obvious homage to the Western film of Yore, has obviously put his films in Wild West England, because all his passengers are using Western saddles. Accidentals are used by just about everyone to appear to be a mixture of some Scottish Scottish regional accents used by Clan Macabre, with accents of delicious Irish magic from Malark County. On the credit side, and contrary to a written review, genuine salt, this native feature of this is the weapon. The weapons do not come from the Civil War, but appear in my eyes and research as good-bride British nine or 12 pounder Rifled Chargers loader, perfectly native to the period. So, ammunition was shown to be used. But the Artilleryman, who is a driver of the Horse Artillery, has not shown correctly driving him. You do not sit on the frigging frigging box and drive a gun team, or ride the nearside wheels horses. The opening, using what I believe is real movie footage, is okay, and the score is not bad. However, at best in my knowledge Weybridge never had an underground, and it certainly was not in 1898. But growing up this novel, I am very disappointed. Even more shame then, I was in Spielberg's $ million, special effects of Laden. Perhaps his version would have to be exchanged by exchanging Anthony Piana for Tom Cruise, and vice versa. I have a lot more to say, but I'll let it go to this for now: I wish someone would make a good version of the "War of the Worlds" this faithful to the original. Timmy's vision is good for a high school movie class, or maybe I should say sarcastically stupid for a college movie college, and about bad folks, which is on the best I can say for this, but that's about it . Oh, yeah. Just where did the budget go? And what happened to Michael Caine? I would like to hear her comments! I have a suspicious tune that Timbo's "Orson Wood" Hines' enchanting, tied-down cinema chief just could be the director of the risk taking on the Vedic Cult, because I must confess a guilty pleasure in watching this movie, which I'm not did not pay for anyway but sent me to a friend who burned a DVD copy for me, with no bad intent that I could determine. I must add here that I thought the romantic version and romantic version were not only a vast improvement, but an absolute, hysterical comic (in a great way) treated to look. I find it hard to look at Master Timbo's version after Blackmoon. Hold it, Tim! Make your own version of "DUNE", right now. It's just waiting for a master like you! And all you simple headupyourass who hates Cloverfield? ABSTRACT it. He can not beat TIMBO HINES ARTISTRY for GO GOAL! HEY GET A LAVI! TIMBO MENM AS AS MASTER ED WOOD! I DO NOT!
