Lordi was a big hit and revelation in 2007 because they had won the Song Eurovision Song Contest with a metal song that was not so heavy called "Hard Rock Hallelujah" and appeared on stage dresses like hideous monsters. But let's face it, the victims are likely to have very little to do with the great musical talent. The Eurovision contest gradually turned into a big political circus over the years, and Lordi probably just won because the songs finally brought a little change to ?? Even more importantly - because all the acts of abuse spoofed the entire annual event. Absolutely the last thing Lordi first (and hopefully the last) movie brings the change and intelligence. "Black floors", based on an idea of ​​the lead singer and start the rest of the group in support role, is a truly unimaginable accumulation and hope of clubbing. The towering budget ("Black Float" supposedly is the most expensive Finnish movie ever) definitely ensures pieces of gloomy pieces with impressive make-up art, but what's the point where no history is worth saying? The film takes place in a busy hospital where many people, among them a father and daughter and an identifying illness, become trapped in the elevator during a breakdown of power. When the doors are open again, the floors are empty and it seems as if the hospital lies abandoned since many years already. Try to reach the exit, the group breaks over several morbid and inexplicable obstacles, such as ejeless bodies, screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters emerging from the floors. The only three points I hand out from the Black Floor are only designed for the landscape and building of adequate tension during the first half of the film. For as long as the disaster events do not require an explanation, the atmosphere is quite crap, but as soon as you realize the explanation will be a very stupid) or b) never come, merely just collapsing like an unstable home of four . Lordi's costumes have never really been scared to start with (except perhaps traditional Eurovision fans) and, in combination with a more astonishing Asian ghost-terrorist story, they just looked downright tackling and misfit. With all myths and national unique exterior manure, I personally always mention Finland ?? The Land of a Thousand Lakes ?? would be the ideal breeding ground for awful horrible terrible horrible things, but I guess this is another scrutiny on my account.
