A traveler travels on a cat and falls into a pool, striking himself on something floating on the surface. With cheese rather cheese (this was a TV movie) she floated up from her body. He drifts into a ring tunnel in orange smoke whirlpool, and black rigid face is looking at her (they look like the mannequins in her apartment). I almost thought I was watching a movie Jess Franco .... As her friends revived her, a black arm grabbed her by the arm, and she struggled to get loose. When he wants to revive, he remembers everything, and he has a nasty clog on his forearm. <br /> <br /> Shortly after, it's almost got hit by an out-of-control car that comes on the sidewalk behind it. On Halloween, she decided with her boyfriend to go to Mexico for a vacation. When he got there, he was surprised to see it on the Dead Day. They are annoyed by another American tourist who keeps track of them, and it's almost wiped out. <br /> <br /> The designer is encouraged to join a group of people who have experienced death near. They have experienced all the tunnels, but not black figures or repeatedly near night from death. One of them has, and it's very worried. He also encouraged to meet with a psychic. A doctor tells him about whom he calls "Walkers" (the name of this novel is based on). They are those who supposedly died in one reason, when examined, proving to have died in another cause. So, as they continue walking around after dying until they die again, but blaming it on poor record-keeping. <br /> I watched this video about 102 minutes, and it felt awfully long. I can not imagine that there are actually a 192 minute version! Perhaps if it was meant to be watching over two or more television nights, it would be best to watch this way in one sitting. <br /> I've only read one novel Gary Brandner, Floater, and if she's the representative of her work, it's not the most original of writers. Floater had to draw common to: chose the killing kid in revenge. Even the variation was very common: taking on dead kid and murders later years of revenge from the farthest grave. And in fact it has a common point with this movie, in which the kid astral astral projection, and when it drowned it floats up from his body as here. I do not know how From the night dead followed his novel Walkers. I understand the philosophy that does not bring much resemblance to its novels. <br /> It is quite a slow movie, and the special effects and movies are really occurring below (presumably) budgetary and made-to-TV shortcomings. There are a lot of actors easily recognizable in it. It also feels very dating, earlier in the 1980's than 1989. I found it to be boring. A better low-budget film covering the same topics that I do not think of date as seriously is the Survivor Survivor (1983) (arguably the inspiration for the 2000 final destination cinema). He blows from dead to night away.
