I just lost three hours in my life this travesty, and I can honestly say I feel violated. I read the reviews and hear the warnings, and I thought I was preparing for anything - at best I thought, a faithful (misguided) attempt at an original adaptation; at worst, a good-it-bad-"Plan 9" for the new millennium. So when I managed to pick up a copy of Walmart while in Florida and bring it back to the UK, I'm joking with my friends "Prepare for the worst movie ever to do!" Oh, wicked karma. There is absolutely nothing to recommend this movie. The "Special" effect looks like the work of a first-year student design using a Spectrum ZX81. The act is terrible, the accents are worse than terrible (an antenna axle accent seems to us to a tour of the British Isles, from Scotland to Wales via Northern Ireland), the dialogue is vibrating, the correction is non- existent, their production value proves that there is no expense that has gone through. Words really can not describe how bad this film; From the flag of the Union flying from the horribly CGI'd Thunderchild (the Royal Navy flies the White Ensign, PA flag Union) in the dog dogworm Woodworm, this is quite simply a crime against film making. Considering some of the literally-zero-budget fans film available on the net (Star Wars short "troops" for example), the whole "we're enthusiastically amateurs" argument goes right out of the window. But if you believe an interview with Hines on the Pendragon website, this movie has a budget figure 8! I can only assume that hair dodgy facials do not come cheap in the US. Perhaps the problem is that Hines & Co have tried to make a movie in the book, rather than turning the book into a movie (if that makes no sense). Characters and extra fragment fragments of verbatim text without attempting to convey their feelings behind these words. Ironically enough, the only person who even came close to providing a decent performance was Darlene Sellers, the senior-pornographic actress. My advice? Pray like crazy that Jeff Wayne does not screw up, and go look at Spielberg's version. It may not be true of the text of the book, but I can say this; As a fan of HG Wells fans (and English as well) Spilbergs movie is the true spirit of the book. Perhaps the customs were wrong to let me bring this monster to the country, but I'll say this: Timothy Hines has been robbed three hours in my life, and I want them back.
