When a friend gave me a set of boxes in "12 Amazing Scifi / Horror Movies!" I understood a little cautious. But since the article was a gift, I really did not really pay off my common sense. After all .... movies for free! So what if they are a little ropey. After much consideration, foreign intruder was the first in these movies. Ironically, it was the first choice because it looked the best in the bunch. All I can say is, if this is the best of them, I'm hungry to think that the rest are like. <br /> <br /> On the surface, it has some good things to go for it. Four (count 'em!) Actors I've been familiar with. Billy Dee Williams, Tracy Scoggins, Maxwell Caulfield and Jeff Conaway. I told myself ... "Billy and Tracy were in some good scifi (Star Wars and Babylon 5, respectively) so they would not sign up for a turkey. Max is a veteran soap actor who never really managed to break into film .... but not too shoddy an actor ... A Jeff .... well ... he did the good and the bad as far as movie and TV went. "I was soon to discover that Jeff had decided add the "ugly" to his repertoire of movies. <br /> <br /> The first sign was at the opening stage. Jeff mugs his way and gusto in a scene "I'm mad" before finally killing himself. A fun comedy performance, really. Unfortunately this is, without much exaggeration, the highlight of the movie. She goes down from there. <br /> Next up we have the captain of the mission (Williams) who was sent out to see what happened to Jeff and his crew occupy picking up his new shipmates in the middle of the ranks of the criminal element. But this variety is not so much the dozen heads - more like the kinky foursome. Plus, one of the crimes, a computer hacker, is shown in his cell working away on a laptop. Is not that a bit like leaving a murderer running a gun shop in the slammer? Pretty blame prison, if you ask me. When they finally take effect they are really awful. It seems that the vessel model was struck up in an afternoon by some bored 8 year old who had left out of his airfix kit. <br /> <br /> But the horror does not stop there. Also on the verge of the area where Jeff's ship disappears, the criminal crew is rewarded for good behaviors when they gave weekend to virtual reality, in which they appreciate the men's imagination. All good and good, and the use of the imagination scenes serve as an introduction to the "Foreign Threat" that begins to appear. But have they dragged it out sooooo loooooong sooooo? Foreign Intruder? Foreign boring, more like. <br /> Finally, to make it to the G-sector and the presence of aliens make them fight against each other for his affection until only the good old Max is left. The finish, in really veinous vein veins, suggestions to an end - as if! Also make an appearance in this film is a character I will nickname the "sweatdroid". It was supposed to be an Android but apparently lost reality on the make-up crew, who provided it with sweaty features of any opportunity. But do not worry, it's just have to make up the numbers counting body at the end. <br /> <br /> Williams and Scoggins, to be truthful, doing very little in the movie. They just barely stay awake, let alone act. And, as I mentioned earlier, Jeff gets an early trip to the showers, so his manicness does not allow them to illuminate much of the movie. Max is trying his best, as does a couple of other casting members, but the movie is just harness atrophy, to be honest. <br /> The only one, and only half of the imaginative way this film is offered is the conference ship called. They all call after musicians - Holly, Presley, Joplin. The rest of the movie is bland and uninspired. Made in 1992, I thought, on the first look, it was one of the 80-right-to-video works. Looks like the movie is still in the 90's, it seems. <br /> It's best avoided. As a movie beer film this movie is a stinker, but at least you can be fast forward, I suppose.
