Who am I? No, I do not cry. That's what it really says about the video case. Short version: beautiful woman standing around smiling. This, for some reason, makes everyone kill each other. <br /> "Find Ariel ... Where's Ariel ... Can not get Ariel ..." It's right behind you or your idiom. Most of that can be said about this lurid Little Space Opera has already been said, looks like. <br /> <br /> A bunch of actors meeting plays mostly prisoners coming in after the first selection of actors to hit faster. Then they get hit in the same way. Each scene emits nearly fifteen minutes in advance. Perhaps it was a drawing of straws to see which actor had the most time screen and larger paid pay. The alien virus / hologram / vr witch / glitch looks physically powerless and does not do anything. Why can not she just stay in the computer instead of doing it "teleporting vampires" routine? (Actually, it would have been more interesting if it was a vampire, or to do more than just stand around looking at people, which is all it ever does. That's enough to make all the guys kill each other. .) <br /> This is not really a flick of space movie. There are more shots in the old west trail, the 1950's easy rider trail, noir night club scene, even a jog on the beach of fantasy-country, none of which has any real depth or even makes any sense. The night club scene is in black and white, of course. He works with the "Oz Wizard". Do not work well, here. This is probably a good thing, as these few shots show off the depressingly unusual space. You will probably cry during these moments, especially when they see that "chat room", which looks like three inches long. There is nothing that has been felt for any of the characters, not because of prisoners or no personalities, but because of serious need of acting lessons, except for Billy Dee Williams who really looked depressed and at a loss, probably not been in this work ... This is one of those movies that, when they see with friends, will cause some very loud silence, especially when nervous to launch out his attempts to silly one-subject (including the line on French-kissing a meteor ...? Did I hear that right? Perhaps not ...) <br /> <br /> Ti Women are virtual reality realities get "killed", which means nothing, as they are not even real to begin with. Well, the other "characters" are not, either, but that's around the point. Haha. <br /> What's funny is that the scene that justifies the video case is some sort of skull head-terrible-alien looking (green filter added on top of that, giving it more of a. ... green look), which is actually the Android after it gets killed and finally has nothing to do with anything else affects. <br /> Another odd deal I've noticed. Whenever there is an explosion (at least on my DVD duplicate), everything becomes very pixelated. I do not mean a little pixelated, I mean large blocks on 1/16 the size of the screen. Wow.
