One of the weakest brings about adventures to see South James as the head of a crime gang steals discriminal pills. The fourth of the series to be hospital based, it's perhaps the youngest of the genre. There's a curiously flat feel at all, and all seemingly wasted on under-par by material. This is far from the late-70s Nadir, but Williams, James, Bresslaw, Maynard et al. all classroom performers are no longer backing up a script equal to their ability. <br /> <br /> Most of the gags are onrunning, rather than episodes as Carry Ons are usually. So, instead of the traditional hit and miss report, if you do not get the funny joke in the first place you're sticking to it for most of the movie. These continuous plot sections include Williams ?? for no good reason? worrying that she had changed sex, and Kenneth Cope's drag. As stagy pratt falls, the whole thing feels more optimally than in other movies, and lack of interest cast. Continuing this theme, Matron misses the ordinary fear and innuendo format, widely chosen for characterization and consequence of the humor. In fact, the series a little bit of worker misunderstandings and forced circumstances remind one more of Terry and June ... so it's appropriate that Terry Scott is present, mugging futilely at all. <br /> Some dialogue trades have a bit of the old magic, like this between Scott and dealing: "What about a little drink?" "Oh, no, no, I've never touched it." "Oh cigar then?" "No, I've never touched them." "That only one thing to offer you." "I never touch that either." That said, while a funny man in his own right (living up the duller episodes of Randall and Hopkirk (Than No End), you feel that Cope does not properly exploit the parody of self-parityality and Bernard Bresslaw dressed as a nurse would be far funnier. This actually happens, in part, though only for the last fifteen minutes. Williams <br /> <br /> Williams try to seduce Hattie Jacques while Charles Hawtrey hides in a cupboard is the best quality drawer drawer, but it lacks the irony to carry it off. That is, Williams's description of premarital relations is priceless: "You do not just go to the store and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself on a little strip and try it first!" "This way," Jacques Jacques, "but you will not stick to a wall." Williams really comes to life in his scene with Hattie, and you can never get bored of hearing a tin whistle every time someone accidentally knocks the knickers. Bringing on Matrons is not a bad movie by any means, just a crunchly bog-standard one.
