I watched this movie version of R.D. Blackmore's classic novel as a substitute until 2001 A & E version was released on video. And what a poor substitution it proves to be !!!! <br /> This version is not authentic, I-feel-like-I'm-the aspect of the A & E. film actors, for the most part, wooden (with the Sean Bean exception) and " romance "looks compelling and optimally. In fact, there is no kiss until the end of the movie !!!! Triangle between John Ridd, Lorna Doone (or Lady Lorna Dugal, whatever you prefer) and this malicious Doctor does not mention or expand. We do not get much insight into Carver here, or as to why it has some (if any) romantic feelings for Lorna. This film cuts many of the key and interesting characters of the novel, such as Doone advisor, and youngest-Lizzie's youngest sister Lizzie who was critical of the plot. Simply in mind is missing from conviction. The political plot also does not figure in the script. The Lorna's way to enter and the Doones is not true in the original story. Now, do not get me wrong, Clive Owen is a handsome and talented actor (see Gosford Park and King Arthur for confirmation) but it comes across as bland and stoic at all, with long hair (it could be a bad wig) just by costume l '!!!! Polly Walker is a beautiful and accomplished actress (see Enchanted April and Patriots game, in which she also costarred with Sean Bean), but it looks colorless and subtle. He has a cold on his skin that make-up can not hide, and the costumes do not seem authentic. Stephens's late Robert made a respectable turn as Sir Ensor Doone, although he only referred to Lorna as his favorite rather than his daughter, which he acknowledged to be in the book. Also, it seems to me that Owen and Walker are too old for their role (maybe it's the make-up) and the landscape is brown, cold, gray and barren, without much of a hint of a sky Sunny. I understand that it is set in Southwestern England, but it is the green and they do get their sun !!! Portrait of the character Tom Faggus and his "death", which does not reach the novel, press the film even more. Positive notes are Sean Bean's performance as Carver. Although it does not even come near Aidan Gillen's matching paintings in the A & E film, Bean makes one mean wicked. In short, watch this only if you had a few hours to kill, but do not expect anything interesting or for it to be the real novel. See any other version (but I highly recommend the A & E movie) about this tired adaptation.
