Admittedly, I did not have high hopes of "Corky Romano." But then again, who did? However, I felt he deserved the benefit of the doubt. I had no high hopes of "Joe Dirt" either - another recent comet starring a SNL cast member - and I ended up being pleasantly surprised. But this movie is just as bad as it seems in the forecasts. Chris Kattan is actually a comic actor talent - contrary to what you might think after watching this movie - with great energy. He was in many treacherous SNL treats, and I think he is one of the most talented cast members on SNL now. In this case, he gave a lame, unnecessary script and tries to remedy his every reckless and reckless scene. Throughout the scenes, he tries to kill Jerry Lewis army and fail misery. Jerry Lewis knew how to pull in this type of physical comedy, not to mention he worked with better writing. Kattan simply looks like some foolish ignorant and ADHD who had one too much Cafe Lattes. It does not even wait for the punch; it's supposed we'll all laugh when it starts jumping around like a crack on crack. In one scene, she ends up in an exciting match with a dog with a pack of cocaine in her mouth. The pack exploded and the cocaine flew over it. He comes back to the job, feeds out on coke. Now, how are you supposed to laugh at the fact that she acts actively and over-edge, when she did the same thing throughout the entire movie? <br /> As for the rest of the cast members ... Vanessa Shaw is really hot, Peter Berg is wasted in an enormous role and so Chris Penn. Peter Falk is also wasted, though he has a few funny lines that I'm pretty sure he's etc .. I hope Falk gets a decent movie a day soon. This too much talent is too much trash on a clunker like "Corky Romano." I did not like last movie films "Made" all that much, but at least it was a decent role. <br /> I chuckled a few times, but I could not get a single laugh. Each gag does not have any sense of timing or delivery. And it was worse than acting Kattan's act. And there are certain gags that are streneously dragged out. For example, when Kattan is on the face fart of his brother. It stands for 2 or 3 minutes, trying to find a fart and when it finally does it a little bit. It's bad enough when you have a gag that's funny and drag it out, but when you have a lame wound and you drag it out to hell in a lot worse. And another example is when trying to translate what Asian people are saying during a drug bubble. I can go on and off about what's wrong with so-called comedies, but I will not waste my time. As I said earlier, if you predict bad things in the trailers - you expect the right. <br /> My Score: 3 (out of 10)
