Why is this movie wrong? Well, if they were so stupid annoying and unfunny is a reason, then this movie is it. The character of Corky Romano is unbalanced in the best and downright frenzy of the worst. The gags are predictable but that's not what's bad. They are the sort of lame predictable junk that your unfunny friend would say. <br /> <br /> Corky Romano is on a serious veteran who tries to do right, but so clumsy. His quiet life is cast to a village when the family who once distorted him now needs his to infiltrate the FBI to destroy any traces of family crime history. However, it is not easy for Corky because the FBI believes it to be a super agent and his nails with the task of spying on his very own family. Mishaps and destruction come from but it does not really feel like any funny helicopter. Corky ends up in love with her FBI beautiful partner and she puts the file straight with both the FBI and her family if she is settling down in this quiet life again. <br /> I think what makes this movie disappointing is both the lead actor and jokes are supposed to be. Chris Kattan reveals its timely limits as well as actors here as his one slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minutes into the movie. It is okay to have a full movie based solely in dumb, humor baton slap. Is Ferrel, SNL Kattan's partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. The difference between Kattan and Ferrel is that Ferrel knows when to tone it down and count on other ways to say a joke. There is absolutely no diversity in the Kattin routine. It's hard to hear the joke even twice, but for a whole movie that is just turtle much. <br /> <br /> The other problem with the movie was lack of jokes really original and fun. Thanks to the mafia fee, the left-handed sch-tick guy, and many other forgettable jokes appear as comical as the first time you barely laugh at it. It looks as if the screenwriters were more of a fun time writing than anyone who watched it. Even with a cast of some comedic talent (Chris Penn, Peter Falk) the jokes start to tired. There is no chemistry too. This movie was obviously one for the pocketbooks for the actors. No body seemed to care about it, or even try. Sad thing is, no body told Chris Kattan that.
