We all know what's in love when we have a bad day at the office, right? Well, this Neil Simon comedian looks at what it's like when you have the worst of all day just trying to get to the office. Sometimes, it just does not go, knowing what I mean? And, sometimes, it's just not worth doing something when it was done before, in 1970, with Jack Lemmon and Sandy Dennis ... and better too. <br /> It's not that Steve Martin is a disgusting comedian or wrong for the role as the executor and advertising exams stress; well in the contrary, on both counts. And, it's not that Goldie Hawn is equally inept either; His work was always good, if not great, ever since I saw him in Rowan TV and Martin Street-In the 1960s. The problem with this movie is that it's not about the hapless couple at all: it's really about New York and why everyone should come to New York to live and love their lives away from bliss couples? ? sort of ?? in the largest city in the world. That's if you're a New Yorker ... <br /> Look, the 1970 film is still an excellent comedy that really explores everything that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere, and include most of situations and gags that you can imagine on what can happen to you in a strange setting. This version 1999 unfortunately went to Tangent free of charge specifically for a hearing the days that are expected or wanting to see beyond. For example, not content and the star appeal of the main players, there is a camel (relatively long too) from Rudy Giuliani, then mayor of New York, as we all know. What ?? Giuliani bucking for President even then? Worst ?? A market is talking about facing kinder faces in New York. <br /> Then we have John Cleese, repeating her role as Basil Fawlty ?? but this time, as a cross-dresser shotgun too ?? Once again browbeating hotel staff, sykophantically sucking up to rich clients and generally doing itself look like idiot he is, in this role. And, in the process, make great damage to the memory of Fawlty Towers, arguably the best British comedy series, to give nothing ... <br /> <br /> Why this 1999 movie did? In the 1970's, New York was a city of death, in many ways. It was almost literally bankrupt. So when they did in 1970, that was the city you saw: manure, black, moody, disturbing and not where the harassment couple finally chose for their new life together in the smoke (as it was when that's polluted with all). By 1999, things got better: glitz returned, New York was thriving, it was Big Apple, ready to bite at, if you had the moxie ... So, naturally, the second couple coming This finds that the top moxie and finally join the Fabulous Fabulous to continue the American dream of life, freedom and pursuit of happiness. Therefore, this movie is really funny but not for the reason that the producers may be envisaged. As much as I love Steve Martin and Goldie Hawn in comedy, this film is a travesti in the best one to do with Jack Lemmon's big. If you saw the latter, then definitely do not bother with this one.
