An accurate review of nuremburg must consider the door of history inadvertently opened and the film "valkyrie" (Tom Cruise). "Valkyrie" (2008) in the last time said the world had a German resistance during the global war of organized and bureaucratic military, military, civilian and civilian forces who attempted to overthrow the Nazi policy, installing a new Chancellor, finding peace and close concentration camps. However, these absolute heroes heroes did not receive any help from all the aliens who helped the French resistance just next door. History writers have used an institutional agenda ever since hiding an ally disease that costs tens of millions of lives and people with a condition of confidence that a German deception is fully supported by the Nazis and thus deserves 24-hour bombings in shelling and "surrender unconditionally" that was imposed on the Germans. <br /> <br /> The German enigmatic codes were broken by English scientists in 1943 many of what Germans were doing was known. During 1943, the Germans developed new jet fighter and jet bombs by companies such as Arado, Heinkel and Messerschmitt. However, even if the Nazis were eliminated and German resistance in place of the Allies did not allow any democracy in the world to have fighters, jet bombs, high speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio guide missiles without the USA have them first! This is where the agenda institutions are important. Consequently, the German resistance had no help to all the allies although they still had critical intelligence to eliminate Adolf Hitler. July 20, 1944, the coup was evidence that the Germans did not want to find peace. Instead, the Germans received the ultimatum of "surrender unconditionally" with 24 hour saturation bombing in an agenda to avoid peace. The Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists in Germany and have complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender." It was an agenda to alleviate the allegations that allowed the war to perpetuate and keep the Nazis in power to justify bombs in 24 hours but it took a year after d-day before advanced military allies in Germany to fly the world's largest technology and scientist in the barrel of a gun. However, tens of millions of people have been killed since the Germans abandoned German resistance for their own greed. <br /> <br /> Allies are imposed "indefinite surrender" over Germany as a pretext for complementary ownership and control over German property and government and did without using German resistance to disassociating the Nazis . Allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from German to realize global technological supremacy. Consequently, everything else took second place in the wrong ally agenda that killed millions of German people in bombing in 24 hours; camp concentration remained open; The war was extended and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on industrial achievements German, technology, and scientists took to Germany in the world war. <br /> <br /> 1946 Nuremburg war crimes trials were a public relief of deception and mass murder mask by the Allies as the retrospective justice of the Nazi. It was a smoke screen for hiding evil and greedy ally for supreme technological supremacy rather than helping German resistance to overthrow the Nazi policy. Millions of people died because allies abandoned the German resistance in an agenda but inflicted retribution against the German officials in any of the ways paid to their lives in Nuremburg war crimes or not although their allies had genocide perpetrated to achieve global supremacy technology.
