This word 'True' in this movie title received my alarm bell ringing. They met most when a title card refers to America's Civil War as the 'War between the United States' (the preferred cycloid by the south-southeastern sidewalk). Jesse James - thief, slave-holder and murderer - described as a tiny little boy boy farm. <br /> <br /> How unfair is this movie? There is no mention of slavery, far less in the reality documenting that poor mother Rene Rene owned slaves before the war, and that Jesse and his frat brothers were actively fighting to preserve slavery. According to this film, all these Civil War soldiers really fought to decide if Missouri is a state of the north or a state in the south ... THIS ALL. (Missouri: It's a Candy Candy! It's a sulfur crop!) Black people are entirely absent in this film, except for two glimpses of a pair of beggars, one of those wearing a "HAND the sign" which is very implausible typeet instead of but written. (Some 19th-century newspapers are also correct, and the 20th-century police types.) This movie has a strange flashlight structure. Some rising cascades are very impressive (with some fine works by stray horses), and an excellent mountaineering. I have kept a dialogue line: 'Some of these boys will never taste anymore.' The film gets a bit straightforward: Agnes Moorehead, like Jesse's mom, hides his right arm in the scenes after the attack by the agents of Pinkerton (here's called 'Remington') in which real life Ms. Jesse James has suffered injuries which requires the amputation of her lower arm. Some errors here are forgiving: during his bushwhacking days, Jesse James's real accidentally shot at a part of his left fingers, but Robert Wagner (in the title role here) does not have a stumpfinger. I saw a picture of Jesse James's wife; if she looked half as glamorous as Hope Lange looks at this movie, Jesse James might have stayed home more. <br /> There are many reviews here, and most of the male actors wear 1950s hairstyles. But many of the movie's errors have been avoided. Jesse James advises William Quantrill to mention several times, but all actors misrepresent his name. We see Jesse and his wife moving to an elaborate two-storey house (where it will soon die) after paying a rent of $ 18. Currently, last residence Jesse James (at 1318 Lafayette Street, St. Joseph, Missouri) is was a simple one-floor house, rented for $ 14. There was no upstairs floor. So when Jesse James died, his wife could not run from the top as Hope Lange did here. (It was actually in the kitchen.) A continuous error: Robert Wagner (with no double arm) performs an impressive job of taking a sluggish jaw and falling over while his hands are tied behind him back. but when he got up, the mandatory rope of his wrist disappeared. <br /> <br /> The scenario to make some jungle strange and necessary to date. After Northfield's flight planes, Isaiah says he hopes to get home by his birthday. The current Northfield bank attack by the James Gang (September 7, 1876) was two days after Jesse James's birthday. (Maybe it means next year's birthday.) And we see Jesse and his wife moving to St. Joseph's home on a fine summer day, while Isaiah tells her what she plans to do when Eve Eve arrives. but in real life, Mr and Mrs Jesse James moved to this house on December 24, 1881 ... So this scene would be * BE * about Christmas Eve! These mistakes were entirely avoided. <br /> Some of the fictionalism here does not make sense. According to this film, the Northfield Bank attack failed because one (fictional) henchman was late in cutting the telegraph. If this had actually happened, it would indeed have prevented the gang escaped James ... but it would not affect the flight itself, which failed for other reasons. <br /> There are good performances here by Jeffrey Hunter (like Frank James), Moorehead, Alan Hale Jnr (like Cole Younger) and by actress Marian Seldes in a rare screen role. I was disappointed by Robert Wagner, usually an under-rated actor. Elsewhere, Wagner has proven its impressive range not to convincingly show heroes, villains and morally obscure characters. Here, he can not seem to decide whether to describe Jesse James as a goodie or a baddie ... so he does not have to worry. John Carradine's phone performance in a short role as a fictional Jackleg preacher who defeated Jesse and his wife at their wedding. In fact, Jesse James was baptized in childhood by his uncle, a Methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a topping-up. <br /> <br /> Jesse James was not Robin Hood. (I doubt that Robin Hood was Robin Hood either, but that's another story.) There is not one example documenting Jesse James ever sharing his tablet with anyone over his own family. After some of his keep-ups, he did not even divide the target with the rest of his gang. In this movie, Jesse came down right after he had promised to give up his bandits for all time. In fact, overnight before his death, Jesse James and brother fees stole horses that Jesse planned to use the next day in a flight to the Platte City bank. As readiness for most of its flights, Jesse James stole horses from local farmers ... even the poorest poor (in the misconceptions) were alleged to the beneficiaries of his major. I cringed in one scene here, in which Jesse James's fictitious so gol-durn refines that he does not agree in an oil painting that nicely painted nudes. <br /> <br /> 'The True (Not So Many!) History of James Jai' is ridiculous dishonesty of a thieving thief, and equally dishonest about the Civil War. For the very impressive stunt work, a good mount and a few fine act acting, I will rate this movie obscure dishonest 2 points out of 10.
