The Fox "The True Story of Jesse James" (1957) is a remarkable poor remake of the prestigious 1939 Tyrone Power / Henry Fonda Classic "Jesse James". I'm not sure where the blame lies, but the distribution of this version of the two central characters, the unmistakable direction of Nicholas Ray and the ham-fisted skater must surely have something to do with it. In late late and quarantine Tyrone Power was the top male man's head, but in fifty sisters the stars began cutting off and Darryl Zanuck's top studio starring Veterinary Robert Wagner to take his place. This was a big mistake in Zanuck's part as Wagner proved to be a less than a proper replacement. With the possible exception of "Broken Lance" (1954) and "Between Heaven and Hell" (1956) it is hard to think of Wagner distinguishing himself in anything! Also, Jeffrey Hunter was nothing more than a Fox dealer player before they were assigned to play Frank James Jesse Wagner in "The True Story of James Jesse". Taken out of the studio the previous year this one distinctive brand feature was the excellent performance and revealed it to John Ford's classic "cheapest". But playing it here, along with Wagner as the second half of the James brothers, is nothing short of boring. Nor players carry any personality or color in their respective roles. They are totally lacking in the brand, lacking the charisma and appeals so clearly appear by power and Fonda in the original. The film is also wounded by too many recaptures and with all over the scenario Wagner scene, like the Robin Hood in the West Indian, coming across as an introverted introverted village that you can feel no sympathy for whatever. Thrust in support is hardly worth mentioning but it's a shame to see such a great actress as Agnes Moorhead barely gets a look at as Ma James. The best aspects of this uninvolving so-west are the beautiful Cinemascope / Color Cinematography by the great Joe McDonald and the excellent music note by the Mekonè and the Little Leigh Harline composer!
