Before giving Spike Lee's mess in a SEM movie in SAM a well-deserved scroll, I would like to make one thing clear. I did not rebuke this movie simply for its abundance of sleazy and unpleasant images. What makes this movie is irreparable is the fact that Lee seems to believe that the SAM sleep should be taken seriously as a social drama instrument. The movie captures Quentin Tarantino, for example, filled with violence, profanity, and other sleaze, but they are very much looking at Tarantino by trying to pass the films as a socially active hack of art. He knows that these films are for entertainment only. On the other hand, reliable plays such as SAVING PRIVATE RYAN and SCHINDLER are often unpleasant to watch, but the unpleasantness serves to develop the film's drawings and characters, with the end goal of getting the audience emotionally involved with the story and character screen. SUMMER at SAM, unfortunately, simply puck in its own stunning and sleaze, while believing it serves as social comment, much like other spice garbage. <br /> <br /> SAM summer does not serve as a serious drama its character is simply box-cut cutter. His plots show showing emotional impact on the hysteria of Sam Sam's murder on the residents of the neighborhood of the Italian-American Indian neighborhood where the deceased arrived. However, instead of presenting locals as a diverse mix of personality, Lee simply drives out all the negative Italian stereotypes imaginable. Men are ignorant, lazy, superior concierge. Women are divided between weak, satisfying "good girls" (Dionna Mira Sorvino's) and promiscuous "bad girls" (Ruby Jennifer Esposito). Lee looks vindictively wanting "retouching" Hollywood for the years of African-American stereotyping negative by Wheelet out stereotypes of its own, and some critics seem to care. If Martin Scorsese, for example, introduced residents of an African-American neighborhood as a bunch of Amos' Andy and Math Jemima stereotypes, critics would be condemned as flagrant stereotypes. Most importantly, one dimension, stereotype characters undermine any movie that tries to be a serious social comment. <br /> <br /> Without exception, throw at SUMMER at excellent SAM. However, the act, for the most part, is inspiring. The cast is either just going to the motions, or they have little to work with scriptwise. In addition, there are remarkable muscats. Comedy John Leguizamo is very talented, but his character Vinny seems to have a sting, immediate comedy of Tony Manero John Travolta's from Night Sand Night. And Michael Badalucco, an endless "good guy" actor, is misused as a bloody murderer David Berkowitz, coming across as funny rather than scary. The only performance worth paying attention is Adrien Brody as troubled, but sincere, Ritchie mischievousness in the neighborhood. Performances in Brody and typically stylish Lee cinematography are just fine quality of this movie. <br /> <br /> * 1/2 from ****
