"Why?" This simple question was due to each New York person's mouth during the 12-month fear that David Berkowitz created in 1976-77. That same word will surely come to the same complicated 22st century later as the theater test that shows the offending and exploiting "Summer of Sam". <br /> <br /> Director Spike Lee tries to tackle the story of a pack of misguided thugs looking for the celebrated psychopath - which paralyzes New York City for more than a year - with a strong and graphic arsenal of killings, the spirits inside Berkowitz's head and frustration at a usable NYPD manager. It presents an ensemble of perdicating despots that hear their own "barking dog" as they live in devoid of love, honor and humankind - no different than Berkowitz. Lee browbeats the audience in almost every frame and "none of us are what we seem to be." Often a critic of the white establishment, Lee perpetuates the stereotype does not include a scene where Mira Sorvino, playing a newlywed and a copying husband (John Leguizamo), hopes to have oral sex with a black man "at the back of a big black Cadillac ". An Italian mafioso says a dark detective of the famous Willie Mays' catch field garden was "lucky". Lee even makes sure to deliver the racist musings into one middle black black woman stating "I'm happy it is a white man killing all those white because if he was a black man killed all those white - there would be the biggest riot race in NYC history. "Other than an exceptional opening shot at a disco arrival (reminiscent of the shotgun from Martin Scorcese's" Goodfellas "or Orson Welles'" Third Man "), this movie has no soul, purpose or passion. It parades character on the screen registry of human immense. Although we do not learn anything about the true victims of this terrible spree, Spike Lee seems to tell New York City what he deserved during this pair, boiling over the past two decades. are they doing havoc on their beloved city? "" How could a person show hate to his fellow man? "Are these issues appropriate for Berkowitz or Lee?
