After hearing the word of mouth in just how bad this movie I took the dive and bought the DVD. This was said that everything was mentioned on this film is true. For a movie claiming to have a budget of the millions it just does not show off the screen at all. The list of problems with the film can be dragged on forever. Chief among them is the movie is simply too long. It drags on for a few minutes in 3 hours. Nearly an hour probably could cut the running time the editor was simply removing overloading of the scene with nothing more then the main character wandering around haphazardly. <br /> <br /> Second, as many have targeted from the "trailer", the special effects are nothing but special. Tripods are looking OK at a few shots here and there but beyond that all was the 1970s-1970s or 1980s. Probably the worst effects of all the horses, which weed back and forth they moved. The effects of the heat rays were mild, as humans were reduced to bone that somehow could still be peeled off without any muscle. Also debilitating was the Thunderchild sequence, in which the Thunderchild, described in the book as a ram, did not look anything at the sort. Instead, it looked like a World War 1 era, filled with gunpowder (shot, but there was no visible crew), and tube tornadoes. <br /> <br /> The colors and their origins were just as bad as their effects. The most ridiculous at all was an early stage in which the main character and his wife went for a night stroll and he pointed out his Mars in the sky. Well, the sky is black, but the views of the characters and landscape around them are great daylight. There is also a very sharp delimiter between the real landscape, bathing in full sunlight, and dark black night sky and great large stars. Worse even further, the color of the scenes makes no sense. In some they are bathing in orange light. In other green light. In others still it's light blue. In some cases the orange orange lights but the interiors in the green or blue houses. The frame rate and the camera is very unstable, giving everything a sting look. <br /> <br /> Finally, the act is in general sub-par. One person shows two characters in the single difference one had to miss a mustache. This has led to some confusion at times like who was who and where they all were. Accusations of English, even in the United States, are outrageous. <br /> In summary, this movie can very well make a claim that the worst movie was released in recent times. I have not seen Gigli or some of the other flops of recent but this one, because of its poor quality in all respects, must be easy for worse then anything that mainstream Hollywood has set out. I should not be surprised if the movie does it at the bottom of 10 or 20 in the IMDb rankings. It's a pity that Mystery Science Theater is not always around.
