Film movies can be a lot of fun and low budget, bad acting, and a bit of panache. I think that the film is just missing panache, because, one sneaky dull scene after another, those who make hungry harmless claw-but the trash in the air. If it were not so boring, it might be funny. <br /> A horror movie can go a long way with a tired concert like "college kids in a haunting house," in many similar films. Dead movie has a lot of fun and a similar standard scheme. Hallow's end, unfortunately, does not go a long way. Actually, it does not go anywhere. It spends the best part of an hour setting up anonymously with anonymous characters and looks like endless interplaying drama. I have nothing against character development, not even in a horror movie, but these are simply one-dimensional characters (alfa-men, milquetoast, ... um ... throwaway characters that exist primarily for sex scenes.) forty hundred blood, minute drugs and were more terrible than the bloodshed started. <br /> Well, implicit blood flow anyway. When the college kids turn in such dresses as for haunting houses (one of a vampire, the one puts scrubs to O.R. and some white pancakes) to look pretty much the way they were made to haunting amateur home costumes; The Dead Hate Living, using a similar term, is a mastery of comparison. There is no really gore talking about, or there is no real crisis. <br /> I thought about this one out of almost every approach. If it was supposed to be a tight movie, the supreme film (which would explain why things moved so slowly), the pathetic sex scenes and cheap monsters would invalidate it. If he was supposed to be a genuine genuine and intestinal film film (which would explain the schlock) ... where the blood and the bowel? And the anticlimax is one of the incompetent endings of a movie I've ever seen. It's the kind of movie that, though it does not have a narrator in the movie, is recorded by voice-overs because all of the meaningless dialogue just was not enough. <br /> This was one hard ... coming out of it, wondering if I was just sitting in a Christian horror movie. Perhaps "I know hell exist" at the opening did not mean that way, but some suggestions (or misdirection - I'm not sure which). For all the profanity of the film, a line like "gosh-darnit" comes a little bit absurd, and so most of the cross worship God-fear, and satan dreading, especially after some lecherous T & A sex scene (a single heterosexual, lesbian). If it's a Christian company (the logo Highland Myst even has a bit of a similarity), then this movie weighs in heavy for the atheist camp. A powerful one can not be a bad movie maker. <br /> <br />
