* WARNING. Can you enjoy SPOILERS, if you care. * Okay, the basic quiz of this homegrown Texas movie is: Kids College + Spookhouse + Evil Magic Books = scary stuff. In practice, it equals much time to look at the time to see how much longer this film is going on. A bunch of boys frat, together with girlfriends & volunteers, is setting up a charity home. The project is presided over by a well-reputed character, whose main goal seems to be verbally & physically attacked as members cast as much as possible. I had a hard time believing that anyone would even try to work with that person in any capacity: it's nothing but rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his friends. Regardless, children are being visited by local characters & daily pumpkin-carving champagne "Jack Pumpkins", an elderly coot described as "Santa Claus in Halloween", and that descends upon a charge of home accessory, including a menacing book that evolved prominence in the impromptu explosive-flashing prologue (where a gaggle of cultivated back to stir-fry). Needless to say, some foolish damn begin to pity with the book, and eventually most of the costume monsters turn into the same real, and remain some of the usual folk have to try and survive. There are some good things in this movie, but not much: everything is well shot, and the makeup effects are decent. On the other hand, performers are either underactivated, or overwhelmed; Many of the draws make little sense outside of a "this happens so that can happen" series; There is hardly any music note to talk about, just snatching songs across the movie; and the movie takes an hour to actually get anywhere. The last problem is much more: two-thirds of the 90 minutes of running time repeatedly set up the characters. Tom is a good guy dating Heidi's wildlife control, but he used to date Jill, who is currently dating Dan the jerk, but he started a relationship with Kira the girl who puts many fabrics / caps. Dan is a really great jerk, Gary loves to play jokes, and Steve & Lily love to have a lot of sex. Stuff that could easily be faced with within 20 minutes or so drag on and off, at the point where the lesbian "sex" scene (calm, it's great to tame) let me look for the fast forward button. This leaves us with half an hour of calorie discomfort, a clunky finish and a deep-seated flu in Jack 's pumpkin, who I blame for the whole mess. Unless you can find this on some sort of depth-leasing rental (and really saw everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.
