I honestly believe that anyone considering film-doing undergo this failure-boggling failure. Like the "Films" of Edward Wood, Jr. in the '60s and' 70s, this film is a bright example of why real movies spend recruitment of many energy scripts, re-editing films, and coating their special effects until they finally look right. This film is also a decent argument for the pre-screened studio screening. If Mr Hines had to endure honest reactions to an impartial hearing, perhaps it would cut 75% or the walk / run / strolling scenes and edited this movie down to a minimal 90% minute. The movie students should see this movie as an example of just how dangerous thinking their works are "good enough" can really be. Each performance, each line of dialogue, each digital effect, each filter effect, the true frame of video expresses the danger of striving for mediator only. A beginning creator can find himself / herself tempting from time to time thinking "At least I realize Something" or "Just finished this will be an accomplishment in itself." This film will help to understand just how a movie can turn out. Critics can benefit both from seeing this movie before dub the latest amusement summer "The Worst Movie Ever Made". <br /> Writing writers can learn from this movie just how important rewrite, and maybe understand the need to rewrite. Also, the beginners can learn the importance of a GOOD GOVERNOR, and some degree of respect for just how difficult it is to write a script that causes the audience to feel emotionally required throughout the story. Writers and directors who watch the bad-to-do movie cinema in the week and think "I can do better than that" can see an idea in this film how difficult it really is to produce the same outcome. /> I sincerely believe that this movie can serve as an educational tool to start filmmakers. Particularly those entering the craft of current post-Lucas and Post-Spielberg environment. There is a reason why filmmakers like these are considered for their abilities and special effects. World wars clearly show that not everyone can pull it off. Some may not even come to it.
