I probably give this credit more than it deserved because of Halloween, I was just in the "Knott's Scary Farm" and I was in an attitude to watch a real Halloween cheesy movie. <br /> Oh, and it only cost me a dollar. <br /> Generally I'm going to ffwd through a movie like this to get to the "good thing," but I resisted the urge here and I still do not know why. It was obvious from the opening shots that was not a "real" film, not even a B-movie. It's more in the category of DeCoteau's "Terror" cinema as the "Fraternity" being shot on film-to-watch videos for about 50 cents (in fact, I was half awesome any minute one of her college boys' boys would dump out himself in his tassel or something). There were no cutaway shots (too expensive to make multiple camera configurations) and flat lighting, but ... it's hard to identify. There's something worthwhile on watching a director who has no money pulling on a half-movie film. The fact that it is doing even a half-decent job is commendable, and this movie has its share of the merits - the act is not bad, the photography is very good (if too bright to be scared), some surprises, and Everything is sort of ... different somehow. A large number of college children (for some unknown reason) are stuck in the warehouse where the annual home decor is haunted. An old creepy man gives them a satanic book and they accidentally summon up the powers of hell. That's the result of the costume people in the haunted home to whom people are made up to be, and causing a lot of destruction and suffering people. Along the way we are treated in a strange complex subplot and thoughtful curse - it's interesting that this couple seems to be the best rounding of the movie. Yes, there is a sex scene but it does not salute - or at least not more than you would find in any legitimate film about lesbian sex shows. It's rather unusual for a horror movie to take the time and effort to do this without resorting to cheap OS. <br /> <br /> The other thing about keeping my interest was how it clearly tries to emulate "stupid kids have sex and get killed" vibe in their 80 slasher. It's hard to take that because there are so many of these existing films, the genre made of death. I'm not sure if it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to make another entry into that genre, without irony, as if it was still a livelier genre, but I appreciated the attempt. That's why I sat in it; Sometimes you just want to look a stupid, no-budget, "An-for-effort" movie horror. There has really been too much set up, not enough Gore, endless pit-hole, dead-ending and cliche with the unfortunate feeling of a movie that simply did not have enough money behind it to be film of the producers to envision. but at least at least a few haunted houses were very cool. I would pay to go to haunted homes if it existed, and did not mind paying a dollar to see it on DVD though I would never look this again. <br /> Oh, and ** possible spoiler **, but there was great, short business and the vampire girl in the coffin: "I used to claustrophobic, but I had changed." Ha ha, good one.
