A little bit of criticism was given to this movie with positive comments. I do not want to discuss with the opinions, but I agree very much. When I first looked at this movie I was mildly impressed. But after comparing it with other films, particularly with the late master, Bruce Lee I quickly changed my mind. In fact, if it was not for the title of the movie, I would never have bought it. Game of Death 2 does not relate to the original game of death, (except sharing a character, Billy Lo.) <br /> I was stunned by men to see how similar games of death 2 were compared to the Dragon entrance . The plots have hit similarities: Both Bruce Lee and Bobby Lo are on a mission to avenge a family. The two places are similar, in which they both are very isolated and surrounded by thousands of Blackbelts. There is an element of prostitution in both films (women have been sent two rooms to be invited to both films.) Both Han (Entrance of the Dragon) and Lewis Lenchman have a missing hand. They are an underground drugs operation in the Dragon's entrance, believe it or not, there is one in the game of Death 2. Han has a pet cat in the Dragon's entrance, the director has used his imagination and given Lewis and a Pet Monkey! The list will continue. <br /> <br /> Concerning other aspects of the film, like the script and the act, I felt it was very poor. It seemed to me that the director was looking for a group of martial arts stars in the movie and the prayers could act. <br /> <br /> In a positive way, I can not deny that the choreography is impressive. Although the battle sequences have strong elements of acrobatics in them, they are no less skillfully done. However, as the plot is insufficient, I could not relate to the characters, therefore the sequence sequences were more exposure rather than having a meaning of the movie. <br /> In conclusion I would say this movie is advisable to any martial-art fan, but for those who enjoy a solid action movie, with a good storyline and strong character, I seriously would not recommend this movie. My opinion towards this film may look very bold and one-sided, but when Bruce Lee puts a new standard in the martial movie, particularly after her master: Entering the dragon, this movie failed to climb into norm these. If anything to imitate a truly brilliant martial arts movie, in the hope of achieving the same level of fame. <br /> <br /> In reference to my assessment, which gives this movie a lot of harsh 1 out of 10, the film is bargainable, and must be grateful that it has the battles it has to do.
