In this 'end' Bruce is still called Billy Lo (get it? Bruce = Billy, Lo = Lee .. No?) But apart from that, this all has in common with the other movie. Billy does not seem to have an actor anymore. It seems to be in another country. It's more like a spy. It is the only cast member to return and sadly, to kill him off for a new character, his brother, Bobby. Unfortunately, when Bruce dies, the movie is very beautiful with her. This was very wrong done. It seemed like they wrote the script as they were filming. The tree is working temporarily (it's not too obvious at first) but quickly Bruce is still showing off the dark all the time (it kicks off a light at one step so there is no apparent reason to hide the fact that it does not Bruce plays part). Unfortunately when she died film changes. I can not help but wonder if they were filming as they wrote and may well plan to hold Bruce alive, but later decided to kill him because it would not have been possible as Bobby did not appear until Billy is dead. It's hard to change half of lead characters in the movie and Bruce is a hard act to follow so it's hard now accepting Bobby as the star. Bruce never seen again in this movie. I think the end of this Bruce should have been to end it was a shameful role in this movie. People hoping to see a new movie Bruce Lee will be disappointed to see that although he gave the bill himself, he only has a role to play. Even the worst movies are at least a bit memorable. If there was a bit about those movie people seems to talk about, it's the scene where Billy fights in a plant nursery. Ironically it does not even use Bruce Lee feet. Thank you, made it the most compelling in No Retreat Non surrender. Not one of the other actors has ever done anything else memorable. Bruce's girlfriend (Colleen Camp) has never mentioned. My advice is to turn it as soon as Bruce is finishing his letter to his brother. Nothing else in the movie is worth watching. I found it really sad to see Bruce dead. I do not see how a small budget movie like this could get enough money to use footage from the entrance of the dragon. This was a cheap way of trying cash in Bruce's name. This weird and original are credited to Bruce's movies. Fortunately so far, no one has tried anything like this yet. 1981 was the last year of Bruce's film appearance. It was a sad way to end it, but thankfully this is proof that Bruce's film career must be left alone.
