There are many stupid moments in the 'Tower of Death' / 'Game of Death 2' that you really wonder if it's a parody. At times, she felt like I was watching an end to Kung Pow rather than a Bruce Lee movie. <br /> <br /> To be honest, this movie has all bugger done and 'games of death'. If anything, it's more an end to the 'Enter the Dragon', incorporating many elements in that film - particularly the actual footage. Bruce Lee's character Billy Lo (apparently) investigates the sudden death of his friends and encounters a piece of film left with the man's daughter. When the body was stolen during the funeral (!), Billy was also killed and up to his violated brother to deal with both men. <br /> Tong Long star as Bobby Lo brothers and do not really have the charisma sort to bring the movie. Ability to fight it is very good however. Bruce Lee obviously turned the thank-you (no longer) blanket simply cash cash on the legacy. Say that, on the whole, the foot actually edited-in better than the 'game of death' but it did not stop the movie from being a mess. <br /> <br /> OK, so the battles are actually very fun (dare I say mind-blowing) and make the movie at least look. But there are many Daft elements of this movie that he really tests your patience. The first, the villain is supposed to live in his palatial estate ... or is that mental institution? Seriously, nutter consumes raw juices, drinking the blood on the shoulder, carrying a monkey on his shoulder and possessing some monkeys and lions (?!). This attempt made him look hard and intelligent just to make you feel sorry for him - or half expecting someone to escort him back to his room. In fact, this middle section is awesome and stage scenes that involve a nude hooker and a lion suit happened to have turned him around. However, I finished the movie and was the kind of joy I made because the battle scene towards the end (much like 'God') was the whole reason for watching. While the story is a troublesome, the action is very good and has excellent choreography. But even the final disappears if the quote was nothing to go through. What we have said was that 'Tower of Death' was a pagoda that was upside down and downtown. This sounds, like a twist on Bruce Lee's original idea and different styles of fighting on each level. Should this be the 'game of death' originally planned? No! The movie should be called "Room Room of Death" because this as far as the tower goes. In the answer yes, there were all one or two 'different' styles ... there were grunts coiled foil, leopard-skinned henchman and stupid monk. It's like dragging the dragon never made, and the plot being a poor imitation. <br /> <br /> Worth watching once for the fast paced fast, but so stupid at times it hurts me. If this was intended, then fine. Thousands, however, to recreate scene scenes from the 'entry of the dragon'.
