Is it possible to give a movie NO STARS? I think not. However many IMDB stars show this just think zero and you'll get my drift. Director and photographer Timothy Hines did not have much of a budget compared to Hercullean's Spielberg's effort and the same material (rumors to be the most expensive movie ever made), but this does not require an impassable disability. I've seen some wonderful things to do about a comparative shoestring ("Soldiers and Saints" are a recent example). With hard work, integrity and, above all, his talent is certainly possible to achieve a monastic pronoun in Novella Wells - and in the fraction of what happened in Dreamworks on the "War of the Worlds". Unfortunately, Hines has failed in all such departments. Though having the Spielberg budget and Tom Cruise signed up for the movie lead he would have stunk just as badly as this barnyard creature has been foisted on us. <br /> <br /> Mostly, Hines does not seem to be able to tell a story. Thanks to its digital video technology, it can record images with sound, but it shows little skill to assemble a narrative and writing. A guy is walking down a line, many. He speaks seriously about receiving English from some other guys. Then he walked down the same line, only shot from the back time to show it back - smart, eh? Walk and talk, for almost an hour this all that happens. OK, I will award one exclusive excursion to home the main character of the impact website on Horsell Common to show that it's a considerable distance from one place to the other can be useful (a first-year student can be a more economical storyboard and more aesthetically established sequence than this, btw), but half a dozen times? Returns with ideas, returns with ideas, et cetera, et cetera and some yakkity-yak in between. Notable. The only explanation for this surfer at redundancy other than total art incompetence is a padding from thirty minutes to ill while amateur C works in something that can be offered as a feature-length film. Finally the Martian fighting machines appear and the market and talk come running and talking, or praying. Later we get stupefied and plain for dessert. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, much of the dialogue arises right from H. G. Wells' text; Other things we would have no idea what is going on. But is not the whole point in movies growing up a text, realizing what words alone can not transmit? If a movie depends on dialogue or monologue to tell us what we see or how they feel, why they are harassed? Why not make a radio? Orson Welles made himself a household name to do so only. However, Hines thinks it's a movie-maker, so it's content to mouth these words and swallowing the meaning. Second, Hines was able to buy some CG effects in a movie for her movie, but she had no idea how to use them. Now, for one there is no harmful tooth sweet for eye candy. I believe that good science fiction movies do not need to shine the technical effects. There are some really powerful Sci-Fi developed on virtually none at all. But "War of the Worlds" as films require a certain core effort. Wells tells a story that hinges on things that can be seen and heard and even smell. Effect does not need to be complicated; They may even have bit (like fighting cars on wiring miniature streets as seen in the George Pal / Byron Haskins 1953 version), but they must be handled well. Unfortunately Hines' effects are both tiny and incompetent ?? Vulture fighting cars that are higher than a spire cathedral stomp around making a noise like a pogo stick bouncing on linoleum ?? Squidoid Martian though oppressed by four times the gravity of the native Scurry earth and flowing over without tender efforts ... skeletons totally rejected meat and muscle muscles and screams - even the damn horse and buggy greenscreens its way through the first once dozen (flipped left for occasional right in hope that we might not have noticed)? and on nauseum ads. Technical grid is forgiven. So, do you have a CG fire effect in less than convincing? Fine, we can work around this. Just do not use it too often and only show glimpses in it. That woman ceremony stomped looks more like a crushed plum? Send him away. It is not necessary. Do you say your Martian flyer looks like a game on a string? If you must use it, go ahead, but please do not show it twice! But no, Hines will not listen. We find the worst thing again and again. Thanks to somebody 180 minutes somehow, boy. <br /> Next we have acted, or more precisely too much acting. Whether in a talk or just paying dead on each person's queue in this movie will act her little heart out. Evidently Hines thinks he's getting a bargain - More running in terror scary! You, trembling behind this tree, let's have a real fit conniption this take. You call that writhing in agony? Nonsense, my grandmother can write better - but the cast as a whole and individually stink. They are not just good amateur. But this does not need to prove fatal. Many a good movie made with rancid acting. That is the director for. And editor. Which brings another point? Who Does Hell Leave Tim Hines Modify This Cheese Cheese? If America's saucers were as skilled in cutting meat as Hines is in film off next hamburger you should be all fingers and no beef. In spite of three hours running the weather there is a lot of missing this movie - not sequences, but single frames, creating a herky-nasty effect that's nauseating to look. Perhaps Hines intent has simulated the effect of a cinematic but cinematic camera cranked in the 1890s. If he could say he does not know how to do it.
