I would like to start off by saying that I'm not an animated fan (and a few remarkable exceptions), and I generally have a low opinion of what's called Otakus, as they are so in love with the particular brands of drawing the lowest label of each movie that starts spiky-haired, great-eyed character as a work of art without even considering the most important factors, such as the plot. And no animated film is best represented by the division between otakus and people with current flavors than this elegant piece of garbage, Fatal Wrath: The Motion Picture. As seen in glassy, ​​the essences eyes of a otaku, there's little to find fault and fatal anger - there are plenty of Japanese joker-yummy humor, single-on-one duel, some "dramatic" moments, and all The thing is very well drawn. But all the others will be turned off by concluding, predictable and shrimp, predictable characters, end up in a cliché, end up predictable. The favorite scenes are hilariously trapped - the scene in which Sulia "heals" Terry is obviously intended to be a sensitive moment, but it's virtually impossible not to be thrown in the giddy street spiral by the sheer ludicrousness of it. And of course, fatal anger is not without T & A's binding designs - this is supplied gratuitously by Mai-Shiranui's big-breasts. And since Fatal Wrath is based on the video game series of the same name (oh boy), we're treating many freeware appearances by popular characters with little or no importance to the plot too (they go through all the problems in introducing Kim early, only for her to disappear from the movie totally after that point). This chaos in a movie came to its largest and the ultimate final battle finals, in which all the main characters engage the all-powerful main villain in one-on-one combat in turn. This is something that always entertains me ... even when the animated battle does not take place in a tournament, they always come as if they were, regardless of the fact that it makes no sense too! Otakus still rave about how animated movies should be treated as pictures as opposed to merely cartoons, with a disturbing portion of those people who love Fatal Wrath. So would Fatal anger be good if it was not an animated? The answer is a "no" - all in this movie, which little of it has, resides in the real designs. There was fatal anger was not an anime, it would have been worthy of an episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000, if the show was still in the air. That's the key - this is nothing more than a B-movie patient in the guise of an animated season. If you're a fan of the bad movies that are actually fun, consider renting fatal anger (or catch it on the sci-fi channel), as it is definitely one of those. If you are a otaku, please INCREASE and realize that a good 90% of the things you are looking for is garbage. As for all others, buy a Dreamcast and Fury Fury: Mark of the wolves, but do not even consider seeing this movie.
