The Wicker Man, starring Nicolas Cage, does not mean a good movie, but I can not really say it to one I'm sorry to watch. I could go on and on the negative aspects of the film, such as the terrible acting and the long scenes where cage for the girl, has a hallucination, followed by another hallucination, followed by a dream sequence - and a hallucination, etc., but it's just not worth staying on when it comes to a movie like this. Instead, here's the five reasons you should look at the Wicker Man, though it's bad: <br /> 5. It's hard to deny that it has some really crap idea of ​​it, the only problem is the Its cheese, execution without funny silly. If nothing else, this is a movie that can inspire you to view the original movie 1973, or even read the short story about it based. For a cheesy cheesy / thriller, it is really aesthetically pleasing. It is very obvious that it was filmed instead of using green screen or elaborate layers, so we get to see some very large scenery. There are also many nicely composed shots. It's a very good looking movie. <br /> <br /> 3. Nicolas Cage is not so much an actor as it is a force in nature. If you are a fan of it or not, it looks as if it's impossible for cages to play a "normal guy". There are still some kind of eccentricity or nerdiness it brings to the characters he plays, and personally, I'm always captivated by watching him in any movie he does. If Nicolas Cage is great or terrible, he always brings his unique energy into play, and it's never boring to watch. It is terrible in the Wicker Man, but the most wonderful kind of way. <br /> <br /> 2. A student can probably write a hell of a paper on this movie, as it seems to be the most anti-feminist film ever made. "Look?" You can write, "This is what happens when women are allowed to run a corporation!" Also, the similarity between "Summersisle" society and a bee colony are very interesting and worthless. If you're reading this, there's probably a good chance you can see a YouTube video that has become very popular: a collection of "highlights" in the movie, including cages running around in a bearded costume, and of course, infamous la "AAGHH !! BEE !! I AM MORE !!!" line. These scenes are hilarious out of context, and are always fairly funny while watching them in the entire movie. <br /> I purchased the DVD used in blockbuster for about 5 dollars ... when you work out, it's about a dollar for each reason. It's a very good deal. <br /> <br /> NOTE: The unrated version of the movie is best to watch, and it's best to watch the theater version just so little it's added on epilogue, which features a rush from James Franco .
