Sometimes laughing in a horror film is a signal of its scope. I remember the nervous laughter of the audience at re-release of the Excorcist ?? really nervous laugh. It's just punctuating how frozen we all were watching the voice of Satan coming out of a 12 year old girl. In the case of the 2006 rumor of the 1972 classic classic Wicker Food however, it made me think that this new Wickerman is about as scary like the South Park character, Scuzzlebut, the forest friendly monster and the Patrick Duffy TV for a Leg with a single tree for a fun favorite arm is the wicker basket weave. 3 years ago a friend of mine in Hollywood told me that he had heard that Nicolas Cage was going to make a remake of the movie. I started laughing with my friends (Keith) being upset at I Alling Nicolas Cage as a great actor. I just did not think he could pull it off and unfortunately for my moviegoers was good. Gone is the reality, the original outstanding music, the originality, the creepiness and the beautiful powerful dialogue. Instead we have clichés movie horrors, affecting acting and change in the scenario that makes any credibility fall apart. Like many of our renewal reminders, Hollywood has been flooded and recently felt like we're watching 4th graders on a playground "Wickerman play". The original film takes place on a remote Scottish Isle where a Scottish police officer has been attracted to finding a missing girl named Rowan Morrison. In the new turn a California cop (cage) was lured into an island off the coast of Washington state by his ex-girlfriend to find her missing daughter. She sends a picture and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl she tried to save in a fire accident not long ago. The accident still chased him in part because the girl's body was never found. But even after he gets a letter and his picture of it that connection is completely thrown aside as he was the nobleman, alone, helping his girlfriend find her daughter. It reached an island full of actors pretending to be their offspring in Wiccans, many of them seem like they did not get calls for the role of the Village. And like the Village it's not long before you realize there's nothing to be afraid of here. Not even the blind sisters who blink blindly in unison. <br /> I think the opportunity of Hollywood to make huge amounts of money on a movie often comes to great expense in the artistic. I think someone like Nicolas Cage who in many films these days loses touch with the magic that film can come when he gets to the point where he has a personal chef on the series preparing his snacks. We need a bad re-do in the Wickerman as we need yet another '9-11' movie. I begin to ask if Nicolas changed his name to Coppola because he wanted or because he pleaded and did so.
