If Edward Woodward was flickering watching this movie then that's what he would scream from horror. <br /> I'm sorry, but enough is enough. We found Carter, Italian work, Alfie and now this. What's the similarity? No. It's not exactly a coincidence that three of Maurice Micklewhite's original stars and other stars are another great British actor. The main common ingredient of these original is the britishness of these films. They have not done so to impress Hollywood. They were original English films and a unique atmosphere / atmosphere that just can not be reproduced in the USA. The word is CULT and the best way to destroy a movie than its batter with a remake or even an end. <br /> <br /> Wicker 06 had a hard job before it even hit the road. Wicker 73 is even more enigmatic than other cinematic films; She challenged genre, smart scripts, A-class actors, music notes, set-pieces of descriptions of challenges and all the surrounding surrounding films. <br /> So here comes a remake. Do not worry. No originally been wounded in the remake of this. Some important aspects of the story need to be reworked for the modern USA - communication, paganism, virginity. But that's just about the whole quote. So, we give the cop a Nam style past shock filling and kickback music music for the cheap crises. And then there is no mobile phone mast on the island which type of communication out - but in the real world this would not happen. Creeps just do not go missing. Give him a bloody link for motivation rather than the conflict of belief and you have the renewal. Wafer thin though, is not it? It's just that he's all set off with a trowel. The name changes were merely Hammam, almost carried over, there was no sense of community on the island, no city center to catch your bearings, just a few houses dotting on a jungle and what was it. Willow was just annoying by not giving out any information at all and cages had been useless to let him get away with it. When he came into the well you just knew she would get locked up. The merely meant all the way to the end - and you just wanted it to hurry up and finish. The epilogue was absolutely hilarious and did not know when to stop. <br /> <br /> Ending is probably the best way to summarize the difference between two. One ends in the most beautiful sun after the most terrible day. The other ends with a post-production conclusion explaining-it-all-in-the-spice thick. <br /> I loved the original, but went to the movie with an open mind and was excited to see the movie. I was grateful to the knowledge that this film will probably end up in a highway somewhere only this time forever forgotten.
