The wicker food made the impossible! He replaced the Cat Woman as the worst film of the trap of my traps. YES it's really bad. So bad when sitting for writing this review I thought for myself "If I had a choice either to see this movie again or to have hot red needles pushed into my eyes" I might actually go for red the hot needles. > <br /> Neil LaBute created a rare film where Joel Schumacher was able to sit back and say with comfort and a guilty free idea "Yeah in some bad ways to have". <br /> I think the first sign that I should be the tag line: "Some sacrifices must be done". Ensure it might sound sort of cheating lines ominous intrigue but the sacrifice will be all on the side of the audience on the screen. Believe me this person responsible for this movie should be charged with a hate crime ... or at least fraudulently trying to pass this as anything similar to entertainment. Seriously! The movie is on an island where people are just having to breeding and I would still be instead and be stuck on Gilligans Island with photos only in Condoleezza Rice then find myself stranded there. <br /> <br /> The most fun part about this movie was the guy who tore the loudest fart I ever heard of a movie theater. This is not a joke nor is it fictional. I've never been in a "thriller" and heard many laughs out of the entire movie. I can not tell you with a certainty if the laughter was intentional in some efforts to lighten the cinematic tension or if they just really thought this crud would be real flying. I honestly find myself routing for a stream break or maybe a fight broke out in the movie theater, nothing to make this more exciting that is very sad since Deez, Powder and I hit 2 Beers each before the movie just for a little mental anesthetics (soon to be a law before all Nic Cage films, written in your congress today, do not delay). At one point I actually thought perhaps this film is really a parody with Anna Ferris who will show up oh oh as I wish. Nic Cage throws out a lot for each frame I think of having a cholesterol test done today. To think that I've ever thought Sean Penn was a d * ck for acting slider Nic, oh it's still a d * ck just younger in one? Yes, Sean Penn d * ck has decreased because of this movie. Are you all a favor of playing your strengths and rods to lose good with drunks. You can not play Superman you do not get to play the role of strong hunky go straight to prison by passing away by collecting 200 dollars. Her best moments in this movie are when she finally comes unhinged and actually punches out a barrel woman to fly her bear suit (like the fart, not a joke or a functional moment during this review) then proceed to running amoeba like Conan O'Brian's masturbating bear, but with half the hilarity of a beard hit her junk around. Fortunately it meets the end shortly after it turns out it is to be a sacrifice to the crowd at the new hybrid tour of Burning Man and Lilith Fair. Yes !!!! I just spoiled the finish for you ?? and if you knew any better you would build my status in worship and sing songs to my legends. I was sitting in this crap-fest so you do not need to. <br /> On halfway through this little misadventure I kept thinking of myself Jack Bauer would have to wrap this case up to 20 minutes in real time. .OK 35 minutes if Kim gets attacked by a mountain lion first. Even Steve Martin as Clouseau Inspector could calculate this from under an hour ?? and you Sir are no Clouseau inspectors. <br /> <br /> If for some reason you were taken prisoner and you have a choice to see this movie or take a shot, take the bullet. <br /> A place where Uwe Boll is laughing at us all.
