All others who commented negatively on this movie did excellent analysis as to why this movie is so very awful. I was not going to comment, but the movie just got my bug, and the writer / director in particular. So I must send in my hat to join the naysayers. <br /> I saw the original "Food Wicker" and really loved lachukopi in music, sensuality, paganism in a modern world, and the conflict of theological beliefs. This was said, I'm not part of the crowd who think renewal of great movies should not do. For example, I liked the original 1950 "Invasion of the Body Snatchers", but equally enjoyed noting in 1978. Both films can stand on their own. Another example is "the thing". The original, as campy as it looks like today's standard, has a lot to be proud of in remembrance of 1982 and Kurt Russell (all my favorite movie ever favorite). So, minority children who love the "Wicker Food" re-do can not accuse me of disseminating this piece of crap just because it's a re-do. This film is solidified for my Neil LaBute's Neil and trendy misogynist. He also asked me how executive wanted to make a serious thriller, green light would be a product that is so anti-female. There are many scenes in cages hit women just because he was frustrated and to cripple his investigation into a missing girl. Would it react like this on the island in other cases where suspects did not come? The original created a society where men and women are equal participants in a godly-based religion. The threat of the main character came from everyone, men and women. There is no sexual hierarchy. The metaphor of bees, drones etc. was somewhat heavily handled with practice (the "drone must die!"), Especially when the Cage character has bee allergies. I continued to ask why the men in the island did not fight back and use only the physicals to stop these women from treating them like grunts. These were not women of special supernatural powers, and the half seemed to be pregnant, the other half old and fat, and the girls rest and thin blonde waif, so if the guys really wanted to escape They can do that most people do when they hate women. Physically dominate them. There seems to be no weapons or weapons beyond cutting tools to keep them happy. But if their content was too low, why are they able to talk? They could be used as a cage threat because they will defend the community. They are drones because Neil LaBute seems to believe that a society has been run by women to leave cassock. (This movie has already been "The Stepford Wives" anybody?) Classic symptoms from those who are afraid of what women may have * get together and have equally equal citizenship. and the human-hated society is that it makes watching movie refreshing and creating unwitting moods when cages start knocking women. I believe LaBute should leave the society equally equal, maintain the sexuality and uninhibited lasciviousness, and push the discomfort button to consider the children on this island. No one likes pedophilia or children to be sexually exploited. So, how does a cop react if he saw bad actions made by adults and children around? There would be a mental logic growth that these children are abusing, so an emergency created to save the missing child and get help for all the kids. LaBute said she created the fiance filters and daughter's story to give Cage's character an incentive for research. I do not think you need that. Any child abuse will make an adult react to survival. The irony of course should be that the cage "saved" child eventually brings her dead. <br /> <br /> The dialogue was perfect with campy. All the third act was hilarious. My audience saw him and guffawed (and later booed to the end). I just thought the film began to fall when the letter arrived in the fancy scripture and all the flashbacks off to show how the cage injured. We do not need that. Just show it to the island for an investigation on a missing child. Most of us in America have seen "Laws and Order" and other cop procedures. We enter the movie as if we are the Cage partner to solve a mystery. <br /> So much potential ... wasted. Neil LaBute, the wood speaks heading for those who enjoy playing your angst-kneeling male and flicks in that kind. Stay with your own company in person. Leave the lips for those who understand slavery. Here is your jar of honey. I'll watch it.
