I'm currently sitting here, forcing myself to end this. I figured I was crying 6 bucks on the VHS, might as well have suffered for it. I remember about 4 or 5 years ago doing a search on the Internet for the "War of the Worlds" cause the rumors of the movie Spielberg at the time, and I missed the old TV series since the early 90's. The website makes it out that this was a multi-million dollar budget of the classic book. He was going to make a "perfect translation". Sometimes CRAP is more in tune with this movie. The first, the video on this movie was glitched! It looked as if I had watched the video full of movements from an old mid-90 PC or Playstation CD-Rom video game. Unfortunately, the quality of color was similar. The act made Shatners classic "dramatic pause" look damn near Shakespearean in quality. CG rendering of various scenes was horrendous, and green screen sequences became worse than those seen by former chief of Hazardd scenes. Secondly, it is slow and terribly drawn. I was sitting in 45 minutes of the video (no promo at the start) before the cylinder actually opened the first stranger. After that, the alien was a great fortress CG builder. I am now an hour in it and most of the foreign armor I've seen is a living disk (crappy down even) attached to a mechanical arm. The dramatic scenes are murdered and overly performing the instrumental. The last thing about this, for an alien invasion at the turn of the 1900's NO NAME is concerned for life. It's like they have no concept. Even though the media were slow, mouth lashes quickly spread and people would know. "Illusion" of day and night was the best choddy. Simply change the color of the people purple, blue or green by means of NIGHT TIME. Perhaps some lighting and current night night would give a better illusion. A lot of sequel is wasted throughout the film just watching the "hero" galloping around or walking down comics. Get on with the movie. I know how people get around, you DO NOT need to be so in depth. <br /> Now, finally, an hour and 5 minutes from the movie and show the alien cars. Rangers Mighty Power Rangers had better looking effects. Even the skewed skeletons looked as if they were animated by a new high school student computer companion. Animations do not match up the landscape at all. <br /> In close folks, if you want "War of the Worlds," do one of the four things. 1) See original 1953, 2) watch the 90th Anniversary TV series, 3) Wait for Spielberg's release for a short time, OR 4) Read the frikkin book (something we've probably done in English). This PHOTO AVOID. It's a waste of money.
