Normally when writing a review for an online movie, it's for one of three reasons. Either, I found something exceptionally missing in a movie that would otherwise have been great, I feel that the public perception of a movie before you look it is incorrect for a number of reasons, or I believe the purpose or message of a need The films must be clarified or explained with the help of other revisions. While all these reasons may seem somewhat negative, I find that writing a review that has nothing but praise with such statements, "This is one of the best films of all time!", No nothing to shine a potential viewer on its fundamentals and pitfalls, nor it often gives reasoning as to why a movie so good, which should point to the review in the first place. With being said, the world war is nothing more than an attempt to hurry, incompetent to a money catch; Piggy-backing its sweet coral on multi-million dollar advertising in the same film directed by Steven Spielberg. Many people will buy this DVD in anticipation of a summer blockbuster and many more soul souls will buy it looking for more material on the same subject. This film is not even "so bad" that it gets funny or endearing, rather the audience will be so unbelievably disappointed as to reach the point of anger. Now and most of the insults from the way, I allow some arguments to be such a warning more likely than me. Judging from the cover and the lack of any advertising for this movie (I found it as SAM Club for 8 bucks), I assume that the cast would be unnamed and that the special effects would be nothing too spectacular . Check. This is not a big deal for me, as I get a big budget with an over-addiction on big name stars and SE can reduce a movie otherwise decent. I also did not expect to be blown away by great dialogue or a moving note. Check again. What I was hoping for was a serious current attempt in a classic theme with a few alien / battle scenes. <br /> Now, as for every IMDb policy, any crowd must announce in advance, no matter how small, so here is just warning. The film opens with a lot of inanimate little-talk, followed by a trip to an observatory look at a red dot. Seriously, it is a picture of a red dot in a tube. It is very difficult to describe every small problem in depth, but at the end of the first ten minutes, the combination of unstable camera-work, sounding scene, and a lot of markets start to frustrate the viewer. However, the costuming is amazing by the bad and hope that pods will reveal something mysterious to keep you going. The next 30 minutes are basically gone as follows: one of the main characters walking in one of the pods, it looks at the pods and talks to another main character on the look of the pod and can be warm. They both went back to town. These markets are not two seconds or added so that dialogue can be exchanged. They are twenty seconds or more and they simply add filler to an already sneaky three hour film. In a particularly grueling scene, the main character is shown in a pod, then it shows rhythm and slope, then it looks at the pod, then it takes a walk a walk in a garden in the city, then come to town and walk through a building, then it has a cup of coffee and says "Thank Mary" to a random maid who serves coffee, he put down the coffee and walk out the building, then it walks one minute in the garden and back to the pod. I'm sorry for the extreme run-over phrase, but it is perhaps the best way to summarize the entire movie. Characters talk way too long on these mundane things, they walk so much, they send others to walk, the camera fluctuates between high speed and slow speed, but for any dramatic effect, simply the camera man is a sophomore at Tech somewhere. Correction is mind-bogglingly bad. People action makes little sense. For example, when the teacher goes to a farmer's house and says he needs the farmer to give him a ride through the town, the farmer castles and marches around. When the teacher says that there is a pod and that people might be trapped inside, the farmer locks him in a sink only to see the professor grab a gummy and open the bleak shed a second later. There is nothing of any consequence of course from this whole scene, as the teacher runs into the main character a moment later so they can start their afternoon walk. The movie all feels as if someone at one point had a good idea about making a movie, but absolutely no idea how to put that in motion. I've seen better high school video production. Finally, the special effects are ridiculous and do nothing to advance the story. I find out that the director really wanted this movie to become a bit of a classic class of campy waste. However, it is so awful in technical aspects, and in absolute sense that it only makes people angry. Avoid this movie at all costs.
